 Hello to anyone who's reading this. I've been on vacation since Saturday, Dec. 21 and haven't been able to go online since then. It's so hard to find internet connection in the boondoks. Anyway, I've been to Negros Occidental and stayed in a place called Kabankalan and it's really, really... ummm... oriental... no... make that, really, really so far from civilization. Am I making any sense? Whatever. Anyway, that's where I've been and right now I'm in Antipolo although just last night, I was in a ship and was feeling drunk from all the wavering of the ship from the waves. Wooohhh... At least I was still able to top the Karaoke with Puff the Magic Dragon. And I didn't vomit or anything like that even with all the food I ate. :p

 Gosh, Jer. This is a blog. Not a chatroom. You know. :p. I think the mandough is the mando u know but I'm not entirely sure. La... As for the members of this not so very secret society considering how it's on the internet and open to all the people out there who knows the address, you can see it on the team button coz I've already made you admin. How's that? And now, you can add people and delete people but just don't delete me, k?

 Hey! people please come here! I'm dying...I'm sick....gaahck! uhhh. Oh pleaaase. just come here, willya?

 Is that "mandough" the mando I know? Or someone entirely distant from me? Hey, if you're guilty of what you do even if it is wrong, DON'T DO IT!!!! You'll get into deeper crap.

 Omigodessess!!!! What the fork! Hey, doofuses, tell me who are the members of this unauthorized secret society. Please?

 for the love of Gods!!! I'm in! What the hell... I can't see your pic! And the keyboard's stuck!!

 I finally downloaded a pic to the net. What do you think? This was so long ago. JS Prom in high school. Soooooo... long ago....

 Announcement, Jackylou ( I wonder if I spelled that right ) has won Miss Commerce yesterday and rightly so. She deserved the win. Yesterday was also Christynn's 18th birthday and tomorrow is Christine's 19th birthday. Happy Birthday, you guys!!!

 A blog is your own brain on the web. Now someone please answer my Friday question.

 what is a blog ?anyone??

 What brings up more guilt? Knowing you are wrong or knowing that other people will think what you did is wrong?

 Hi Rox. You are great. We are also proud of you. We love you very much. I have seen your website. It has a good design. I am looking forward to see the content. God bless you.

 I'd like to say that I'm proud about myself. I have now gotten two people to make their own blogs. Check it out! Seis's blog is urlLink SEIS A TRUE LIBMANENOS and Jobelle's is urlLink I CAN BE THE BEST I CAN . If you'd like to make any comment to me, :), or you want to post responses to this blog, e-mail me and i'll add you to the team. See you!

 blum!

 Long boring day. Teacher didn't even come to class. But I do have a website in Lycos now. Oh happy day!

 Today is Sunday. It's actually tonight now and in just a few more minute ( 16 minutes to be exact) it's going to be Monday. I hate Mondays. When I was in High School, I would dread Mondays for after the decadence of two days sleeping till the sun is already half past the sky, I'd have to drag myself from bed, tossing and turning and groaning. Wanting to go back to sleep and yet can't. I would think to myself, I swear I won't get a morning class when I'm in college. I won't. I won't! I WON'T!!! And then what happens? Even though my classes are already afternoon ones, I still find myself dragging myself from bed, tossing and turning and groaning. *sigh* I guess I'm just a lazy bum, after all. Rox ^_^

 Hey! I remember Karl, one of our classmates when we were freshmens in high school. He looked older, right? Or am I remembering wrong?

 Oh great. So thats how to publish. Forgive me for my ignorance. I'm so utterly bored to death. And I dunno who Karl is. I know a few Carls in my time but just one Karl that I don't believe you, Rox, even know.

 I'd like to welcome Mena to the College Life and Whatnot!!!

 Hanggang ngayon ay hindi pa rin kami nag-e-exams sa Accounting. Nakakakainis na talaga si sir. Pati na rin sa InfoTech2. Oo lang kami ng oo kapag tinatanong n'ya kung naiintindihan namin kahit hinid naman. Mas marami pa s'yang beses mag-absent kesa sa lahat na ng naging teachers ko, no! Nakuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Kung estudyante s'ya, hindi lang siya dropped. Failed pa!

 Why is life like this? Karl is moving to another country and I won't be having any contact with him for a month. What am I going to do without him? I won't be able to get anything at all about him.I'll be severed. I'll be nothing. Ok, I'm overreacting but still... I'll miss him. *loud wail* To those who don't know who Karl is... never mind.

 I am so dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, ,dead, dead, dead, dead. I scare myself.

 May exams kami kaya baka wala akong i-post rito.

 Aramis, puwede bang kapag nagpo-post ka, i-publish mo na rin? Kasi, ako pa tuloy ang nagpa-publish, eh. Moderator ka rin po nito, no. At oo, mag-iinvite ako ng mga kaibigan ko pero pinipiga ko pa kasi mula sa kanila ang mga e-mail addresses dahil parang hindi sila naniniwalang hindi ako magpapadala ng virus. >:)

 ano? Wala nnman bagong post? Hey, Rox, you may invite your own peers to our groups since u r a moderator. I don't care how many, I don't care who. Feel free.

 Magic is a collectible card game that has been shocking my allowance nowadays.

 My posted message here.

 What do people post on their own blogs. By the way, to the other team members, mag-post naman kayo, oh. Wala itong kalaman-laman. Mag-e-exams na kami next week kaya baka di tuloy ako maka-post.

 Oh, I almost forgot. "Jessica poses for a painting nude, frontal. Ooopss!!! Backtal." That's not exactly an exact quote but a certain someone I know wants to tell everyone about it. And the painting's title is "Expose."

 And I've joined soulsactum. Hmmm... :D Actually, I've linked this site in soulsanctum. I hope no one minds.

 I agree about the boring part but isn't that what life is about?

 What's the Magic Faust is talking about?

 dear rox, please join the private yahoo group soulsanctum. You' ve been invited.

 boring boring boring.

 must get a story. Why? Because I need to make a book or comic. Yup, this is college life leaving out the college part.

 must get a job. Hmm. Why? I'm doing nothing and I need to get money for Magic. How? Dunno.

 Boo!!! Boo!!! Boo!!! Blue!!! Feeling sleepy and blue. Have to get up early tomorrow but it's already 2:21 am and I'm still awake. I can't think of what to type? What to say? What to say? Boo!!! Boo!!! Boo!! Blue!!! Blah!

 Nothing to say. In the school computer lab and trying not to let teacher catch me coz I shouldn't be doing this 8_8.

 Rai, kasali ka na sa Admin. Puwede mo nang gawin ang kahit na anong gusto sa blog as long as huwag mo lang ako i-remove. Dahil kapag ginawa mo 'yon, patay kang bata ka. I've studied more than just a few forms of torture. >:)

 Welcome to the blog. Hopefully, you'll be able to add some spice in this otherwise bland world.

 Ei, thanks for inviting me here... - Rai

 I know. I know. You know, you can try inviting other people to come here, too.

 Yeah, come on! Hell, how are they suppose to read this without being here? This is a lost cause.

 For some reason, Mena isn't answering the invite I gave her and mandough isn't posting anything. Come on, you guys!

 I think I'm nice and I'm not afraid of you!

 What happened to the nice people in here? Frightened of me?

 Great. Just nice. A blog with no blogs. Creepy aye.

 Mwahahaha! The sun is shining, the wind blows like forever and the trees seem taller, peacefully swaying in the rhythm of life.... Armageddon is approaching!!!!

 Wala!

 Hello? Tao po! Wala po bang tao dito?

 Hello? That's how new languages are formed or old languages die. If you want to use Greek and it's meaning, fine by me but then it's not gonna be religion anymore. :p pthhffff

 Dictionaries... Evolutiuon of words... Open-mindedness... ... sheesh... That's why they forget the origin. They keep on evolving the words without looking at where it really began. I'm not being a close-minded idiot here but i know some things that few of you know. That's all i can say. Eniweys... teka nga. Walang alam ang men sa women? Talaga lang ha? ^_^

 What Men Know Here are the top ten things that men know about women! 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10.

 Ayaw mo talaga ako tantanan tungkol d'yan ah. *_* According to Oxford Paperback Dictionary Fourth Edition, reliogion noun 1 belief in and worship of a superhuman controlling power, especially a God or gods. 2 a particular system of faith and worship; the Christian religion. 3 a controlling influence on a person's life; football is his religion 4 life under monastic vows. According to Webster Dictionary of the English Language, it actually comes from the LAtin words religio and onis. From the Grolier Encyclopedia: Religion is a complex phenomenon, defying definition or summary. Almost as many definitions and theories of religion exist as there are authors on the subject. In the broadest terms, three approaches are generally taken to the scholarly study of religion: the historical, the phenomenological, and the behavioral or social-scientific. SCHOLARLY APPROACHES The historical approach deals, of necessity, with texts, whether these be the doctrinal, devotional, or ritual texts that stem from the religious community per se or secular documents such as statistics through which the historian attempts to reconstruct the religious life of a community. The historians may weave both types of documents together to create a rich sense of the role of religion in the life of a people as a whole. A particularly fine recent example of this approach is Le Roy Ladurie's Montaillou (1975; Eng. trans., 1978), in which the social and economic life of a small medieval French village is seen against the backdrop of religious heterodoxy. The phenomenological study of religion, although often starting with the results of the historian, is directed toward discovering the nature of religion--the fundamental characteristics that lie behind its historical manifestations. In this particular field the classic treatment remains Gerardus van der Leeuw's Religion in Essence and Manifestation: A Study in Phenomenology (1933; Eng. trans., 1938). Many scholars of comparative religion, such as Mircea Eliade, may also be said to fall into this category, although their relations to the historical traditions are often complex. The phenomenological tradition has been criticized, both by the historians and the social scientists, for losing sight of the details of particular religions in overly general comparison and speculation, but contemporary scholars are attempting to overcome these problems by dissolving the artificial boundaries between the disciplines. A clear example of this tendency may be seen in the rise of social scientific studies of religion in the last hundred years. Psychology, sociology, and especially anthropology have contributed great depth to the understanding of religious phenomena. In the psychology of religion, the two most important figures remain William James and Sigmund Freud. James's Varieties of Religious Experience (1902) established a set of topics and approaches to those topics that set the overall tone for much later work in the field. While James dealt primarily with conscious expressions of religious experience, Freud and the psychoanalytic tradition stemming from him attempted to fit the various forms of religious experience into the framework of a general theory of the unconscious. C. G. Jung in particular has been influential among interpreters of religion, in part, no doubt, as the best-developed alternative to Freud himself. One problem usually associated with the psychological approach is the difficulty of moving from the individual's experience to the structure and experience of the religious community. This problem has been confronted by the sociological and the anthropological traditions since the last third of the 19th century. William Robertson Smith, Emile Durkheim, and Max Weber were the leading figures in creating a sociological tradition in the analysis of religion. The year 1922 is sometimes taken as marking the beginning of modern anthropology and with it the complex studies of existing cultures and their religions that have done much to illuminate contemporary thought about religion. In that year Bronislaw Malinowski and A. R. Radcliffe-Brown published studies based on in-depth field work in foreign cultures. Their functionalist approach to the analysis of religion became a school, from which a steady flow of detailed studies of religion in cultural context continues unabated. Perhaps the most eminent figure in this tradition was Sir Edward Evans-Pritchard, whose influential works continue to serve as points of departure for analysts of religion. Meanwhile, a French tradition was developing out of the school of Durkheim that was in some ways analogous with and in others opposed to the British school. In this context structure has played a role akin to that of function. Claude Levi-Strauss has developed a complex theory of the way in which religious symbol and myth are transformed in the articulation by a culture of the cosmos in which it finds itself. This brief treatment cannot do justice to the variety of approaches to the study of religion, but one thing should be made clear. Any approach taken in isolation from the others will lead to distortion and bias. The attempt to integrate a number of theories stemming from a wealth of traditions is necessary to grasp the character of the religions of the world. CHARACTERISTICS OF RELIGION Keeping in mind the dangers of general characterizations, what are the distinctive features of religion? Several concepts may be isolated that, even though not necessary or sufficient conditions if taken separately, may jointly be considered "symptomatic" of religions. The Holy Religious belief or experience is usually expressed in terms of the holy or the sacred. The holy is usually in opposition to the everyday and profane and carries with it a sense of supreme value and ultimate reality. The holy may be understood as a personal God, as a whole realm of gods and spirits, as a diffuse power, as an impersonal order, or in some other way. Although the holy may ultimately be nothing but the social order, a projection of the human mind, or some sort of illusion, it is nevertheless experienced in religion as an initiating power, coming to human life and touching it from beyond itself. Religions frequently claim to have their origin in revelations, that is, in distinctive experiences of the holy coming into human life. Such revelations may take the form of visions (Moses in the desert), inner voices (Muhammad outside Mecca), or events (Israel's exodus from Egypt; the divine wind, or kamikaze, which destroyed the invading Mongol fleet off Japan; the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ). Revelations may be similar to ordinary religious experience, but they have a creative originating power from which can flow an entire religious tradition. Response Response to the holy may take the form of participation in and acquiescence to the customs and rituals of a religious community or of a commitment of faith. Faith is not merely belief but an attitude of persons in which they commit themselves to the holy and acknowledge its claim upon them. In a deeply religious person, faith commitment tends to shape all of that person's life and character. Beliefs As religious traditions develop, they generate systems of belief with respect to both practice and doctrine. These systems serve to situate the members of the religious tradition in the world around them and to make intelligible this world in relation to the holy. In early or primitive traditions this practice and doctrine usually find expression in bodies of myth (see mythology) or in ritual law. In those traditions which develop an extensive literate class, theology often comes to supplant myth as the vehicle for refining and elaborating belief. The more this happens, the more the belief system has to be evaluated. The importance attached to right belief ("orthodoxy") has varied from religion to religion and from period to period. It has loomed large in Christianity, as for example in the great Christological and Trinitarian controversies from the 3d century onward. Rituals and Liturgy Religious traditions almost invariably involve ritual and liturgical forms as well as systems of belief. These may take the form of sacrifice or sacrament, passage rites, or invocations of God or the gods. The most important cultic acts are in most cases those performed by the entire community or a significant portion of it, although in many traditions private devotional forms such as prayer, fasting, and pilgrimage are also practiced. A distinction is often made between religion and magic in this context. In magic, attempts are made to manipulate divine forces through human acts. In truly cultic acts such as prayer and sacrifice, the prevailing attitude is one of awe, worship, and thanksgiving. Participation in communal rituals marks a person as a member of the community, as being inside and integral to the community that is articulated in the system of beliefs. That in many traditions the disfavor of the community is expressed in its barring a person from the important cultic acts is not surprising because these acts insure the proper standing of the individual and community in relation to the holy. Ethical Codes Connected with beliefs is yet another aspect of religion, the possession of an ethical code incumbent upon the members of the community. This is particularly evident in highly structured societies such as India, where the caste system is an integral part of traditional Hinduism. Marduk in ancient Babylon and Yahweh in ancient Israel were believed to be the authors of the laws of those nations, thus giving these laws the weight and prestige of holiness. The prophets of Israel were social critics who claimed that righteous acts rather than cultic acts are the true expression of religion. As religions develop, they come to place increasing stress on the ethical, and sometimes religion is almost totally absorbed into morality, with only a sense of the holiness of moral demands and a profound respect for them remaining. Community Although religious solitaries exist, most religion has a social aspect that leads its adherents to form a community, which may be more or less tightly organized. In earlier times the religious community could scarcely be distinguished from the community at large; all professed the same faith, and the ruler was both a political and a religious leader. In the course of time, however, religious and civil societies have become distinct and may even come into conflict. In modern secular states--India and the United States, for example--a plurality of religious communities coexist peacefully within a single political entity. Each religious community, whether in a pluralistic or homogeneous society, has its own organized structure. A common though by no means universal feature of these religious organizations is a priesthood (see priest) charged with teaching and transmitting the faith and performing liturgical acts. FORMS OF RELIGIOUS EXPERIENCE The complex phenomenon described above constitutes what may be called the religious experience of humankind. In different religions and in different individuals, one or more of the characteristics mentioned may predominate, whereas others may be weak or almost nonexistent. This difference explains why religion is best treated as a polymorphous concept and why it is better to see religions as linked by variable family likenesses than by some constant but elusive essence. Basic Forms Even though many varieties of religious experience exist, they seem to occur in two basic forms. In the first, the sense of the holy is conjoined markedly with an awareness of human finitude. This conjunction is expressed by the characterization of religion by Friedrich Schleiermacher as a "feeling of absolute dependence"; it might be called the negative approach to religious experience. The awareness of the holy is set against the foil of finitude, sinfulness, and meaninglessness. At an earlier stage in his career, however, Schleiermacher defined religion differently--as the "sense and taste for the Infinite." Here the awareness of the holy is conjoined with the human experience of transcendence, of going beyond every state of existence to a fuller existence that lures on the human being. This method may be called the affirmative approach. Although one approach or another may dominate, both belong to the full range of religious experience. Both find their place in Rudolf Otto's classic, The Idea of the Holy (1917; Eng. trans., 1923), as a person's encounter with the mysterium tremendum et fascinans. Mysterium points to the otherness of the holy; tremendum to its overwhelmingness in relation to human finitude; and fascinans to the lure that draws individuals out of and beyond themselves. Otto's work has been regarded as a masterly achievement in the phenomenology of religious experience. Validity of Religious Experience The question about the validity of religious experience must also be raised. Do religious people or worshiping communities encounter a holy reality that is outside of themselves and other than anything purely natural? Schleiermacher believed that the capacity for religious experience is universal in human beings. He therefore claimed that it could be accepted as self-authenticating and could take the place of the traditional proofs offered for the existence of God. Few people today would concede Schleiermacher's claim. Not only might they deny having the kinds of experiences he described; they might also suggest quite different interpretations for them. Many traditional revelations, which seemed to be miracles in a prescientific age, might now be judged as natural events or coincidences. Inner voices and private visions might be explained psychologically as subconscious mental processes. From Ludwig Feuerbach to Freud, belief in God has been explained as a projection of the human mind; Karl Marx and other social analysts have seen religious belief as the product of socioeconomic forces. Each of these naturalistic explanations of religious belief has drawn attention to some element that enters into the religious complex, but it may be questioned whether such theories account exhaustively for the phenomenon of religion. The question about the validity of religious experience must ultimately be dealt with by returning to rational arguments for and against theism or, more broadly, for and against the existence of some holy reality, despite Schleiermacher's arguments to the contrary. A Typology Any typology that attempts an ordering of religions is the product of a particular tradition in which others are seen relatively to its own centrality. For instance, starting from the perspective of the Christian experience of the holy as both transcendent and immanent makes possible the construction of a series in which the various traditions are related more or less closely to Christianity insofar as they emphasize one or the other. That is, Christian tradition strongly asserts the transcendence of God as an essential element in its Judaic heritage, but it just as strongly insists upon the immanence of God in the incarnation and in the sacraments. Roughly speaking, Judaism and Islam fall on the transcendent side of the series, whereas Hinduism and Buddhism fall more on the immanent. A detailed analysis along these lines, taking into account the variety of traditions within Christianity, reveals illuminating affinities, as for example between Calvinism and Islam and among the various mystical traditions. Thus the construction of a typology, despite the limitations of any given perspective, draws attention to both the unity and diversity of religions. Conclusion In a world where the status and future of religion is in so many ways uncertain, understanding of religious concepts is not likely to be reached with extreme views, whether this extremism takes the form of a dogmatic and isolationist claim to the superiority of an individual's own faith or a vague blurring of the genuine differences among the traditions. A middle ground must be established by those who accept the need for patient dialogue to uncover and explore both the agreements and disagreements among the religions. This third way aims at deepening the commitment and understanding of religious groups in their own traditions while at the same time making them more open to and ready to learn from other traditions. If you think about it, the words in the modern English language which may be based on the ancient language of Greek, Latin and others, may not necessarily have the same meanings as the words from which they originate. For example, thw word morph which comes from the Greek word morphe which means form and yet it is used to mean change. Words change as well as their meanings. It's only up to you on how you define it. I won't go on about paganism anymore but try being more open-minded about some things, please.

 Religion originated from a greek word (i'm not sure if i'm correct) "religio" (there were two words actually) which means reconcilliation with God. "Reconcillation" means reconciling, coming back from something, bringing back the trust & faith... Now, if paganism is a religion, who are they trying to reconcile with? The god of evil or another god that i haven't heard about? No offense, anyways... ^_^ Now you understand why i can't be and shouldn't be in your puzz?

 Uh huh. Sure. If you don't consider paganism a type of religion, then obviously you haven't checked your dictionary on its meaning. Don't think that I'm annoyed, ganyan lang talaga ako. If I were in front of you at that moment you think I'm annoyed. After I yell at you, I'd smile and giggle annoyingly. You have to understand, I have a neurologist (for real) and she says I have this psycotic or was that neurotic disorder. Anyway, that. Don't say sorry about what you believe in. Say sorry if you've offended someone. I don't think you have offended me. Not yet, so far, anyway...

 Just want to make sumthing clear... I am not angry with you nor trying to annoy you. Me toyo lang ako ngaun... soreh. Anyways, sorry bout what i posted in the groups just now. I said sumthin about paganism not being religion.

 Stop agreeing with me!!!

 Honga...

 *sigh* Anong nangyayari kina Mensky? Kay Jere? Kay Mando? Sa iba? What? Where are you guys?

 Mag-post naman sana ang ibang team members rito. Kanina, nag-surf ata si Jere pero di man lang nag-post. Kainis! Naka-invite na nga ako ng isang member pa sa group n'ya pero d siya nag-post rito. Andaya naman, oh!

 Honga...

 nothingness... darkness... silence...

 Ano? Ano? I was just commenting on what is in the group which is nothing but silence... and then came...

 Ngek!

 Silence...

 Yan kasi ayaw mag-share kung paano.

 Hwag... ayoko nga. Trabaho na naman hirap pa nga ako sa websyt nmin eh!

 Sige na... Hmmm... gawin kaya nating policy na kapag may gustong i-post na pic ay si Rai ang pagawain natin. All in favor, say aye...

 Very complicated. Bago ko puntahan ung actual link ng image mo na nasa 50megs, iba ung pinakita ng Blogger.com sa akin (which was what i said earlier). Pero oki na naman eh kya don't bother askin'.

 How? I think it's not a Blogger problem but a source problem but please do explain.

 Well, nakita ko kc na ung isang image ng Raiha mo na instead yun ung makikita e me ibang pic galing sa Blogger.com na nakasulat: "Posting Pictures is not available in the Free Version. Please upgrade your account." Pero ginawan ko na ng paraan... =)



 Uy! Online ka ngayon ano? Kasi I just tried to change it, eh. Anyway, sige, try ulit ako.

 I've finally understood the problem in posting dito. Actually, ok lang maglagay ng pic pero dapat ang source ay ok rin. For example, the pic Rai posted ay nakikita n'yo dahil sa ito ay may ayos na source. The first one with the black and white Raiha in it doesn't dahil bawal sa source. Sa second one, mahirap lang talagang i-steal dhail mahirap i-load dahil baka malayo ang source n'ya from the server of this blog or something like that. I'm not exactly sure what I'm talking about. Same goes pati sa website design.

 [3/17/2003 7:54:12 PM | mandough hill] i thought it was Magnetsu and not Magetsu for a while there.....hrhehehe ANSWER: ... Magnetsu and not Magetsu? HAHAHAHAHAAA!!! Did i say something like "MAGETSU"? I know i said something about MANGETSU, but MAGETSU? Hmm, i wonder if it means anything in Japanese... Utol Rox: I don't see the pic.

 Ok, hindi na ito under ng 50 megs so dapat ay mag-work na ito urlLink pakisabi na lang kung hindi. Since I won't be here for the whole of this week. Hopefully, makaya ko ito. Kayo na ang bahala rito ha? Keep this blog going and pray for peace. Yes, it might be a little corny but sometimes, human will can make the difference. And light a candle na rin!

 Kay dapat inactive ako.

 Yay! Marami-rami na rin tayo. Exams namin ngayong week kaya dapat wala ako rito. He he he...

 i thought it was Magnetsu and not Magetsu for a while there.....hrhehehe

 huh?

 Utol Rox: Yah, i know Rai means "Thunder". What i formerly used for my Japname was "Mangetsu" (which is Full Moon) Shirushi, not "Rai". Darn... looks like they've discovered the bullsh*tting... what quick-@$$es they've got! Well, better do nothing for a while... (that is... for a while) =P (oi nde ikaw, Ms. Reyes... yung blogger.com)

 hello! finally figured it out! my blog is www.asian_rose.blogspot.com by the way : )

 Ok. I'll try again. Ang gwapo talaga ni Raiha. Teka lang. Rai means thunder. Mali ang Japanese dictionary mo!

 Watch it in the groups... i'll tell it to 'ya there...

 It's still there. It's still there. Yay! It's still there. What did you do to make it work?

 I hope so.

 Nakikita ko siya ngayon pero tingnan natin bukas.

 Can you see the pic?

 Ok

 Ok i'll try to do that later.

 Would you like to post a pic or change the font of what you're writing? You only have to use html format or something like that. So now I've made this one red and big! Anyway, just saying. And if you want to put a pic, don't bother coz you won't be allowed to do it. Free lang kasi etong blog eh. I wonder if there's a way around that.

 As much as war has long been in this world, so is the hope of people for peace.

 sister dear,how do you do?i am truly delighted of my return to this blog! our world is such a disaster,you say?war,may i remind,has been existent for as long as humanity itself.this turmoil we are dealing with is nothing new.we must come to realize that the key to solving this persistent problem is fixing ourselves.it is very evident that this is Bush's personal war and he is dragging the entire world with him to fight for absurd cause.if this "war" was genuinely 'legitimate',tony blair would'nt have difficulty convincing the parliament as to why britain is tagging along the americans against iraq.

 hi fellows!it's been a while since i gave this blog a click. good thing i remembered my username and password! ryan,just a hint:many people kill because they're high on drugs.(..if the subject of the matter is still "psychedelic") i read lately that you have been smoking cigarettes.well,i'm not an actual smoker but in my opinion,you can smoke as you want to...anyway,i know you'll realize a lot of things sooner...everything will fall into its' place somehow. looking forward for your thoughts on this,so keep posting.

 The more greater loss is when you take your own life... especially with "not-so-deep" reasons. People make it as an "escape goat" for problems that they think can't be solved. Or they could've been tired of living. I really don't know... that i don't want to do for my self-research. But its proven, taking another person's life makes you feel... different, but your conscience will hunt you if it's still strong. Many people kill others willingly without hesitation, and without any good reasons to kill. So it was written...

 There are so many lost souls. So many people dead... Others because of natural disasters. Some of diseases. And others by accidents so unexpected that they still leave us thinking, how could this be happening? But the greatest loss is when one man takes the life of another. The world is at the brink of war. A war that will put countries againsts each other, one religion and another, different beliefs trying to push it's way to the top. It's so sad and so senseless. Everyone cares but the disaster comes closer and closer until everone gets consumed. Forethought will be too late.

 Whatever. Can't think of what to type today.

 Lemme add something to that... "... especially when you have no reasons to smoke..."

 Smoking is bad for your health... (I'm not a cigarette commercial)

 Err... i think i get his point. Sorry 'bout that... Well, maybe for you it won't be a critical status to be "psychedelic", but when you're in there knowing nothing about what's going to happen next, then "kabloosh..." =P But the reason i smoke? I really don't know. But now all i know is that i have this one "judgement stick" left in my W-Lights' case. If i take that one, i won't smoke again... darn.

 What the heck were you talking about? Smoking? Who are you to talking to? Why use the word psychedelic? Are we regressing to the 70's once again? And who's pet are you talking about?

 Oh. Don't you realize that smoking is DANGEROUS to your pet? Anyway, it's not even psychedelic, so what's the point?

 I won't be able to log on till Monday so I'm gonna be silent from now on and then deal with such issues then.

 Ummm... Rai? What's that about?

 Well, just want to tell you what happened to me yesterday... I wanted to see her badly. Even if she doesn't see me, i just want to see her. I went in front of St. Paul College, Cubao to wait for her outside. I came 2:40pm. I smoked 2 sticks of "Winston Lights" (sponsor, naks!) while waiting for her to come out. It was already 3:00, my sticks were all gone, and still no signs of her. I decided to wait 'till 3:30. I stood behind the shadows of the school's wall because the sunlight's pretty hot. It was on the opposite side where she goes out. And i saw her walking alone, holding a book. I tried to follow her with a 4-meter distance (i think). I was thinking if i should talk to her or not, but i decided not to show myself to her (because she said she'll get mad at me if i go there without her permission). I was trembling, and my heart was pounding fast. She looked back, as if she knows someone's following her... and i looked back as well, where she won't see my face (good thing i wore bonnet and shades). Then she went to the other side of the road, and i stopped from following her... but i stayed at my current position and watched her leave. Watching her face, there seems to be anger... i don't know if it's from the school or if it's from somebody's trying to follow her. Darn... then i went to SM Centerpoint to loose some tension and played DDR (Dancerev) and Percussion Freaks. But i just can't remove it from my mind... (sorry 'bout this, just posted a blog)

 Maybe "yes"... maybe "no"... i really don't know. But from the looks of it, currently, America seems to be the most powerful nation. Using its currency as the worldwide forex, playing with death against countries... spying on other countries without noticing... e hightek na cla eh! (but compared to Japan? I don't know...) What do you think? P.S. George Bush is a protestant. Yun lang!

 How do you know what's the strongest nation. America may seem very strong but there are still a lot of loopholes and weaknesses inside it. If one thinks about it, China seems like a strong nation to me and Russia may seem divided but they still wear a mask to cover themselves from the world and we don't know what is behind that mask. Hmmm... Lot's of other strong nations and calling one the strongest may be true at one point but can be untrue in others.

 Ako kilala ko kung sino antichrist... (**ngumingiseng-ala-demonio**) Well, we all know we can't just face the strongest nation on this earth because they can kill us in no time instantly...

 Hello? Ano na namang nagyari sa mga tao sa ibabaw ng mundo?

 Well, I think there's something wierd about George Bush and maybe I'm wrong or maybe I'm right and maybe he is the anti-Christ. He's starting World War III and everyone knows it but no one is doing anything about it.

 What can i say? Bush is really up to bombing Iraq without thinking... He's starting "the end of days" by himself...

 The topic should be gruesome and thought provoking. Like how America is so freakin crazy and stuff.

 How to lose a life in ten days.

 Ok, what's the topic for the week, I wonder.

 Ay hokies... sowi pows. Na-explain na sakin ni master ung dahilan kung bat mo kame gawang admin lahat. Para pala makapag-publish... Ehehehehe... pis awt!

 Kasi po, lahat ng members rito, admin. Kung hindi ka kasali sa Admin, anong gagawin sa 'yo?

 Oi ba't mo ko ginawang "admin"?!? Yoko ng admin status, uy! La lang, salamat na rin. Di bale, di ko gagamitin tong admin abilities na binigay mo sakin. Di rin ako nangdidilit ng account lalu na account ng me are. :) Torture? K lang... pero ako yoko ng pinapatagal ko eh, gusto ko "instant"... bwehehehe!

 do'mands: ok lang ako, medio busy lang... kaw, musta ka na? Gamit nga ako ng smileys sa forums ko... niehehehehe!!!

 kumusta na mga fellers!tagal ko na rin hindi nagapost. rai:kumusta! j:kumusta rin! r0x:tinatanong ni mitchie ung link ng autobiography mo plus others stuff about you.mas maganda siguro kung ikaw mismo magpadala sa kanya sa jademichelleann@yahoo.com SALAMAY!

 Whatever...

 argh.

 hmmm. major activity in this area. ALERT. ALERT. Too much noise... *crack* Error. Error. Overload of readable information. Plus audio interference. Shut down. Shut.......

 ala po ako sa bintana.

 *** silip bintana *** ... sino yan?

 Tao po?



 nuthin'

 And Top 11 to 20 are: 11. Podiatrists $45.43/hr $94,500/yr 12. Lawyers $44.19/hr $91,920/yr 13. Optometrists $42.35/hr $88,100/yr 14. Computer and information systems managers $40.33/hr $83,890/yr 15. Physicists $40.26/hr $83,750/yr 16. Air traffic controllers $40.07/hr $83,350/yr 17. Petroleum Engineers $39.33/hr $81,800/yr 18. Nuclear Engineers $38.56/hr $80,200/yr 19. Judges, magistrate judges, and magistrates $38.24/hr $79,540/yr 20. Marketing Managers $37.70/hr $78,410/yr

 Top Ten Highest Paid Jobs in the US: 1. Surgeons $65.89/hr $137,050/yr 2. Obstetricians and gynecologists $64.15/hr $133,430/yr 3. Anesthesiologists $63.31/hr $131,680/yr 4. Internists, general $61.03/hr $126,940/yr 5. Pediatricians, general $56.03/hr $116,550/yr 6. Psychiatrists $54.60/hr $113,570/yr 7. Family and general practitioners $52.89/hr $110,020/yr 8. Dentists $53.28/hr $110,820/yr 9. Chief Executives $51.77/hr $107,670/yr 10. Airline pilots, copilots and flight engineers (N/A) $99,400/yr

 I see. Buti ka pa. Ang mga kaibigan ko ritong Trisem ay sa 21 pa simula ng finals kaya feeling lonesome me rito. =( I gotta get out of this house!!!

 Trisem mode ako, miss. BS-ComSci+InfoTech course ko... kaya nitong april 8-10 lang ang finals namin. Baphomet? Tanung mo ke Jere... bispren nia un... Don't mention it.

 I see... Kaya pala. Ngayon pa lang kayo nag-finals? Woooh!!! It's April already. What/Who the heck is Baphomet? Thank you. Oo nga pala, I guess I won't be coming next week dahil after Holy Week pa raw sabi ni Papa... *sigh* Matutulog na lang nga ako ulit.

 Kakatapos lang ng finals namin and i'm currently finding a job kaya di ako makapagpost. Wicca? Ok, so far halos lahat ng website sinasabi na religion sia and i can't say anything for now. Language is dead. Rock on, sons of Baphomet! Nice website, by the way.

 Ok lang po me and just sleeping my days away literally and as for wicca, it's a practice and/or religion that involves Magick. It's called by a lot of names like Witchcraft, the Craft, etc. Basta, search ka na lang sa urlLink yahoo! or urlLink google , ok?

 Hay salamat naman at nag-post na rin sila...

 hello to all. rox,pasensia na ngayon lang ako nagpost.kumusta ka na? ano ang wicca?

 hello! sorry kung wala ako masyadong contribution! I've been pretty busy kasi...just dropped by to say hello to all!

 And also, more people in one blog is better than just one, di ba?

 What's PFRT?

 Wala. Ano gagawin ko dito? PFRT! Boring ako. Alam ko na! Religion nga ang "Wicca". Pero, sometimes, it's as crappy as any other religion. Kaya marami din yung (as Willow Rosenberg puts it) Wanna blessed be!

 *sigh* Check out the new index page in my website. I think it's totally rad as well as the guestmap there. To get to urlLink Midnight Delusions .

 Wala...

 *sigh* Nasaan na ba ang ibang mga members rito at hindi sila nagpo-post?

 Doesn't anyone care? Is there anyone out there who can hear my cries and my call? Someone save me from myself!!! *Do I seem totally dramtic enough?* You're An Intellectual! You can always be found reading or on the computer. People always come to you when they need information. You don't really care about love at this point, your only goal is to improve your mind. After all, knowledge is power! urlLink What Type Of Anime Character Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Someone tell me where to find a qualified professional to help me with this!!! Although, I do think bunny ears will look good on me. urlLink urlLink Take the Anime Accessory quiz!

 Someone save me from myself. I can't believe I took this stupid quiz!!! urlLink urlLink Take the CCS Guardian quiz!

 To anyone nuts enough to like stupid quizzes like that. Here's another one I tried: urlLink urlLink Take the Japanese word quiz!

 Although, I can cheat, can't I? urlLink You are Tsukino Usagi You are love food, boys, shopping, and hanging out with your friends. You tend to cry when things get too hard, and have trouble doing things right the first time. You probably need to study a little harder. Your faith in the basic goodness of all people keeps you on the right track, even when others don't see it. urlLink Take the "What Magic Girl are you?" Quiz

 Ha ha ha! Look what I got? I could have sworn I'd get Sailormoon but I guess I'm not that kid anymore... urlLink You are Kinomoto Sakura You are kind and generous, often underestimating your own abilities. Though you may not often know it, you have a lot of talent. Relying on your friends is both your strong point and your weakness. urlLink Take the "What Magic Girl are you?" Quiz

 I see. Usually happens when there are too many people logged in.

 Ung Blogger.com kako me problem sa publishing ng blogs kahapon, nde na-publish ung pinublish ko khapon eh me lumitaw nga na error message galing sa kanila.

 Ano po?

 Ayus me problem sa publishing ah... ^_^

 Ows...

 0Anyway, just for the record. Hindi ako galit sa lalaki. I get this daily jokes on my e-mail everyday and it just so happens that I've received those and so I thought that I should probably share it to my own small world. Ito naman, kung ano-ano na ang iniisip. I really don't hate men or anything. Would I have 10 bf's at once if I hate men? *___* --___-- ^___^ he he he... just kidding po. Happy April Fools!!!

 BTW?

 BTW... APRIL FOOLS!

 Yun na nga eh. Walang pakundangan mga tao... kasama na ko, kinakalimutan kung ano ang pinanggalingan. Malas lang natabunan na ng katha ng tao yung mga katutubo. Ala na ko magagawa, desision mo yan eh. Ika ko nga sa mga kasama ko: "Wag mo pilitin ang ayaw, pag pinilit mo, magdudugo..." which is true. Keep ur mind opened, not too much, but opened. Open-minded ka naman eh... i can see that, dami ka pa kc dapat malaman. ^_^ Oh, well... so much for the puzzle. I may be similar to one of your missing pieces but i came from a different design. Even though it fits, it's mismatched. See? Hehehe... sensia na. (Basta wag ka masiado magalit sa mga lalake... di naman lahat ng lalake gaya ng iniisip mo. Pansin ko lang... ^_^; )

 Myaw! ^^

 Jer, hindi ko ma-access ang folders ng site mo dahil hindi pinapayagan ng Angelfire. Please lang pakipadala sa akin yung hinihingi ko sa'yo. Thanks!!!

 yes, you should...

 wow.that was a nice essay!i should submit one myself!

 Where are you guys?

 Ay sus... Anyway, may bago pong submission sa site ko. It's urlLink My Life, Girls and Then Some or something life that. Basta!!! Check it out. I think it's inciting. Ok, wrong word but it can interest some people. Ata...

 hey fellers!there's this new survey at emode which determines your field which youre good at(e.g. business,social,scientific,etc.) you better check it out.rai,how'd you do that?..putting smileys on the board?pls teach me,i wanna know! bounce,bounce,bounce...

 Magtitrip lang ako sandale ha? Plug ko lang website namin... hehehee!!! "The greater the silence, the more the secrets..." - [SuspenDead]Rai urlLink A Proud Member of the Band called SuspenDead urlLink http://www.SuspenDead.tk

 Ang saya-saya! Gusto nio ng list ng smileys ng forums namin sa urlLink SuspenDead ? Dami smileys ko dun, bigay ko na lang ung links ng images tapos pasok nio na lang sa img src na tag. Ask me if you need it.

 Yay! Mitch has joined in! I've made her Admin!!!

 *sigh* This computer sure isn't working for me. I want to have my own computer, darn it!!! Anyway, I've already given the link to Mitch and smileys and pics are all known to Rai and Mensky, hope you let us know when you're finally in this country of ours, ok? Me can't think no more. It's so late.

 Can't talk much. Can't stay long. Just saying hi!!!

 hey ppl! sorry kung matagal na akong hindi nakakacontribute sa blog natin. I've been pretty busy since it's finals time once again...hope everyone's ok!

 mabuti din naman ako rai!pano nga pala maglagay ng smileys?

 Oy! Alam kong buhay pa kayo!!! Magparamdam naman kayo diyan, oh!!!

 *sigh* Alam kong busy kayo pero kahit ba hi man lang rito ay hindi ninyo magawa?

 Ano ito? Ngek!!! Bago na ang blogger. Ok lang. I guess it looks smarter than the last one but I sure do hope it doesn't affect the posts.

 Rai, sira pa ba computer mo?

 Mena, nasaan ka ba at the moment?

 Jer, buhay ka pa ba? Bakit di ka nagpo-post rito? Huwag ka muna text, ha? Sira ata cell ko dahil ayaw mag-charge, eh. Wawa naman ito. Ilang beses na rin naman nahulog, eh.

 Mando, di ko pa naa-upload yung mga gawa mo. Buhay ka pa ba? Parang ala kang kibo? Or just simply busy? Balita naman diyan, oh.

 Meow!!! Hmmm... i've got an idea for a new look. He he he...

 Kids? Oh, your sis's kids, right?

 sorry rox...i know i haven't been very active...i'm so busy kasi with the kids...i'll be more active when i go back to chicago don't worry

 So sad... No one comes here anymore... =(

 However, I have this to quote from a quote. This should be called piracy already, quoting from an unrecognized org: "If you want to keep a secret, Tell it, for none will believe. If you want to hide something, put it where all can see, and none will see."

 Nice insights on the Matrix essays. I didn't understand a goddamn thing.

 Woah. I mean WOAH. Having a grade of 4 (Mark, FEU system) is ultimatumastersuperionicallymagnaubericious for me. It's almost like a perfect grade!!!! Bwah, it's General Psychology anyway, and it is not really difficult. But imagine getting higher grades than Dacasin.... HAHAHAHA!!!! And, for the first time, I had a line of nine in HISTORY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Well, kasi naman midterm pa lang. Check the finals and we'll see why I am distressed all the time. I HATE DOUBTING MYSELF!!! I have doubted everything: God, the world, sciences, all claims, all that was said, all left unsaid... EVERYTHING EXCEPT EXISTENCE! And that's only MY existence!!! Why am I now doubting my superior capacity???? Wala, mayabang na.

 Special fwend? UUUUUUUUUUH!!! Ang Swit!!!! Ang Heat! A... este, mabaho ata lumabas dun a? Dear Rox, faggot = gay. Nuff said on the matter. I was trying to formalize it so a denomination with "0" at the end must do. I could've done 20 or even 100 things I learned, but, bloody Hell, that's too much. I'm just a small man. With a hypoprocessed brain. Now, this virginity thing is getting on my nerves. Why is it that the people around me make me think they are NOT virgins? I can almost believe, except I doubt it. I mean just look at you people! Well, unless you are not...and that means I'm totally mislead!!!!!! Like what I said to Mando before, "Am I the only remaining virgin in the world??!!!" Just to be saved here, I'm not saying he's not a V. I just told him that to joke. He didn't tell me anything. Besides, if he did tell me, I'm sure I'm not the first to hear it. But by God, he's so ... active.... in pursuits, ain't he? And, my God Mark...you could've been influenced by your band mates! You know, the Sex Drugs Rock 'n Roll thing? Oh my GOD!!!! wait, I don't have a God... I AM the only V in the world!!!!!! Children excluded.

 Um... yan me masasabi na ko. ^^, This past few days, i just reviewed the kiss.ok virus dahil na-infect ang PC ng aking "special friend" na si Sarah. At nagpasa ako ng babala sa lahat ng groups na sinasalihan ko, pati na rin sa mail ng ibang kakilalang wala o hindi kasali sa mga groups na sinasalihan ko. So... i just did a good thing? Nah, la lang ako magawa. ^^, And i'm currently typing some paperworks, actually... final report namin sa Physics Lab. Kala ko mag-grandslam kami na puro kami ang highest... kaso sa Experiment 3 namin, 2nd lang kami sa highest... :( Pero babawiin ko sa Final Report para sa groupmates ko. ^^, (Aba, nag-aaral! Bweheheheee!!!)

 Jer, this might interest you. A urlLink Matrix Essays blog.

 Hey! We're in Google and Yahoo!!! I was searching for my Midnight Delusions site in Yahoo! because I submitted it so very long ago and what did I find? College Life and Whatnot!!! I got this and my other blogs because I've put a link to Midnight Delusions on this page. Maybe one day, it'll connect to Midnight Delusions. That would be so great!!! Isn't that how search engines work? They connect and connect from one site to the next through links? Boy! I sure do hope Midnight Delusions gets into Yahoo and Google! Ang saya-saya!!!

 Ayan, I guess this blog will survive na.

 Oh, well... nothing to say much. Nagpaparamdam lang para nde tampo c Roxie. ^^, Hm... ano ba'ng bago? Ala lang... post ako pag me pumasok sa isip ko oke? ^^,

 Sorry, haven't posted for a while. I was a little busy playing Ragnarok Online (bweheheh! pinagpalit ung blog sa RO eh noh?! ^_^) Sorry Rox. Wakanatampo... Eniweys, just to share... (eto na naman ako...) we're also planning to join RX93.1's Band Break-out. Nagbabalak magpa-record (ulit) ang aming bokalista na si K2 at drummer na si Sendoh para ipasa as entry sa naturang event. Hindi ko nais career-in tong pagba-band ko, pero sa ginagawa ng mga kasama ko... lintek. Apektado majorly lahat ng gawain ko. Darn... :( Sorry tlga rox... smile naman jan! ^^,

 I don't think critically-acclaimed is the right word considering how you're probably the only person in the whole wide world to have critiqued it. These are my comments to that by number: 1. Karma supposedly returnes when the time is right so maybe if she had waited just a little longer, she would have gotten what's for her. 2. Look at it from his point of view, she's there. She feels as inadequate as she. Why wouldn't he? And it made it more tragic. I like writing sad endings. I don't know why. 3. I was actually going to make her pregnant with his child or *gasp* another guy's child but then, the leader nixed the idea because she said that Anna didn't seem like the type to have sex in such a short relationship (3 months, I think) with the guy. (Hah! As if the character was patterned on her behavior) But if one thinks about it, she's just such a wanna-be-perfect girlfriend that she probably would have agreed because of her need to give the guy everything she can and make him so happy. (In her point of view) Considering the patterns of today's youth, she would do the nasty with him. But with your observation, I'd have to disagree, relationship with sex is much more bound to fail because sex puts a haze in a relationship that makes it seem so great. Other considerations are put in the back-burner, especially with the young but when sex starts to cool down, they suddenly see each other in another light and sometimes, they find out they don't really like each other at all. 4. I agree. 5. People who are considered good by others but consider themselves bad want to die young. 6. Look at it like this, 99-100 is 1.0 97-98 is 1.25 96 is already 1.5 which makes you ineligible for a scholarship. 7. I don't understand the 7th one so if you'd care to explain. 8. That's why my diary is online and very few people know the url. 9. Don't really know. Doesn't happen to my barkada. Happens in the orgs, though. 10. True. 11. Why 10 comments?

 Considering how Rai and Mena posts sa groups, that means they could post here but they are not doing so. *Unfair!!!* Kaya nagkaganyan ang blog na ito, eh!!!

 I'll make the changes tomorrow or some other day. Tinatamad ako ngayong month, eh, pero with all the compliments you've thrown my way, (as if maniniwala ako) I'll make an effort on your part. I'll do the *bleep*-ing with your cuss words but I don't really think they're all that bad and baka maapektohan ang quality na gawa mo. Ikaw rin.

 Ok, parang antagal akong nawala kahit na 5 araw lang naman akong hindi nakakapag-log-in. And so I reply... (I think I'll reply by days) Hmmm... for someone who has an inferiority complex and who considers himself having a poor vocabulary, you've been using some very deep words the last few days. What else can I say? Write!!! Who cares if no one else understands the first draft. That's what editors are for.

 Things I learned from Roxanne's critically-acclaimed play, "Nasaan si Anna?": 1. Your kindness doesn't karmically return to you in the same amount. 2. Discontented lovers always go to their girlfriends' best friends. 3. Relationships without sex, no matter how young, are bound to fail. 4. The nicest people are usually insane. 5. Good people don't just die young--good people want to die young. 6. 96 is a low and abominable grade. 7. Faggots are actually accepted in the family. Furthermore, fathers accept gay sons if a pretty young girl talks to them. 8. No matter how much you don't want people to see your private life, privacy is dead when you are dead. Even if you have an embarrassing story (or a funny story), people cry over your diary. 9. In a typical barkada, the only real guy is probably the suitor of the most gorgeous of the pack. 10. Teachers love to gossip about their students. Okay, so maybe reality is sarcastic, but the story revolves around realistic characters that deserve a body in a real world. How your classmates couldn't memorize the lines, I don't know, but the lines are perfectly natural without losing the retoric value of theatre. For this play, I'll give you a candy and balloon.

 I talk and I talk. This is great. I really feel like a journalist. I am unopposed on paper (at least not aloud). Why am I the only one posting at this place? Where's the fun when there's no argument?

 Kick me! That's what a candy advertisement on a comic book says. The Post It is conveniently placed on the tongue. That's how I feel. Kick me. In the tongue. I don't know why. I just feel like getting my little lengua the heck. It's something ridiculous and maybe painful. But I really like getting my mouth bleeding bad. Anyway, I was only being sadomasochistic. I'm really happy today; sorta'. I am getting good *bleep* performance at school. Um, okay, not that good. I'm going to have my first midterm tomorrow (Saturday) on PE 4. It's Badminton. I also have a delayed project for that subject. I don't know if it will still be accepted. Then, there are two other computer-related projects. One about Computer Generations and the other about Modern hardware and software. Plus bio of Bill *bleep*ing Gates. Who wants to know that guy's history? Anyway, I need em both on Monday. And I haven't found anything useful. Dear beautiful and lovely Rox, I really, really implore you to change the earlier lines on my work from "fourth grade" to second grade. And I think I learned to say *bleep* than say (*bleep*) so may I suggest you change my cuss words to that *bleep* thing. It's far more...moral. And also, you can bother to place my name to the Anonymous thingamajig. I don't care. It's either I'm ready to face criticism, and I would rather tell the truth. This is me. Know me. Please judge me for drying out loud. Tell the world who I am!!! Or maybe I'm totally losing it and I'm ready to face the gun barrels of the fathers of the girls I mentioned. Bring it on. I didn't say anything immoral. I have nothing to be embarrassed about. And, boys, when I say "fantasy" I'm not talking about the ones where you get your jollies, okay? It's literal. Like unicorns and faeries fantasies? I'm the kinda guy who thinks like a child but processes like a senile and ridiculously old sage. Ha, there. I've said every living trash in my nervous system. I guess I can probably reboot now. -------------------

 This new editting area is colorful. Funky. Anyway, as I am in here na, I'll tell you about my plan. The plan to dominate all secret societies that exist around the world. I have already taken over the Freemasons, the Skulls and I have converted the former Illuminati to a multinational corporation that produces the Meteor Garden flick. So, you see, I don't hate F4. I earn money from them. Nuff boutta BS. The truth is, college is so sick, I love to hate it (which is all pure irony considering I don't really hate it. Uh, never mind). Anyway, I'm going to have a helluva week next week, all midterms. Sick-o. Plus, I'm suffering from inferiority complex, not to mention awe (there I mentioned it) after reading Jessica Zafra's "Twisted 1". You know, that fat journalist in TODAY's backside? So, I read it, and wonder, I could do what she writes, except that I have poor vocabulary. She's so powerful with all her words!!! I can't read a page that doesn't make me check Mr. Webster from time to time! And even if I tire taking up that hard lexicon, I can't stop reading!!!!! Oh my Gollllllly!!!! So awesome! I need to do something like that. You know, through my website. And yes, I am planning to put up the website that's gathering mold at angelfire. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLAAAAAAHH!

 Tao po!!!

 Cute quote, by the way. Yours?

 Ey! It's cuter this way. It seems that your image has appeared. I think I'd like to try putting images on some days. Maybe tomorrow. I wonder what happened to the others...

 Aww... this new blogger uses JavaScript. Pretty smart... i can't post images anymore using HTML tags. Lemme see if this works: Did my Sig appeared? Well if it does... what the heck does this mean??! I CAN POST SMILIES AGAIN!!! Unfortunately, our forums were reset (actually, the whole site broke down because of the server's maintenance, the files were accidentally corrupted). All disappeared and i'm back to square one. My smilies were gone and i have to re-upload it... Well, it's nice to be back OnLine. Darn, we have a new number... again?!!!

 Nagtatampo na ako. :(

 I don't think I'll comment on the beliefs and truths anymore. Hindi ko na kasi kayo naiintindihan. Ka-deep na, eh. I feel drowned just reading it.

 I downloaded the java script. It's very long. Had to edit with wordpad but I'll use it somewhere, I think. As for my liking you, I think I liked you because you were different. It's just basically nothing more than that. Actually, I've gotten over you way before you've gone over the more than mad side. I think. Who knows... I don't know. It just wasn't there no more one day. I talk about myself a lot. Does that make me egotistical too? Never mind! Don't answer that!

 Uk's a guy dal Acla-Naga Usstan've met lueth dated a while ago. Usstan talinth. Anyway, uk's nice lueth tall lueth easy ulu talk ulu. Usstan can actually converse xuil ukta. Ol's tough ulu ragar foluss saph nindel. Nau, Usstan'm naut desperate. Just hoping ulu zhaun mzild bauth ukta. Uk's nice lueth uk just texted ussa nindol morning. Too bad Usstan inbalus nau prepaid ulu text ukta rath. *sigh*

 Waay nagsasalita. Bureeng.

 Vel'uss zhah Kevin Hugo? Lueth vel does uk attract dos? Dos're naut getting violently desperate ulu inbal ukta, phuul dos? Hehe. I was just trying this elven language. It's so fun it's stupid already. Anyway, what I mean't was, why him? What's so special about him? And I hope you're not getting violent over having that person. So, you liked me. Big deal. Everyone likes me until they actually try getting along and that's when most people find me a freak. Or vice versa. I guess these people can tolerate my madness. But, like you said everyone is a little mad. How Lewis Caroll of you! Yeah, well anyone has the right to be gay, or empathic, or delirious, or book wormy. I then have the right to be delusional on believing that the world isn't what it seems and work around that in life. Come on people, some believe in Santa Clause eh? Well, I'm not actually fictitiously delusional, I'm classifiable as philosophically paranoid. Is there even such a term? I don't care, I'll call myself that and that's it. You see, I am paranoid about all posibilities: Secret Societies, Advanced Genetic programs, the Bible being true, and of course, The Matrix. God knows, if there is such a being, whatever truths hide behind mortal perception, what actually is and if it is adverse or not. We are all slaves of our own senses. We all know only what we can receive as stimuli and yet believe anything we want. "What you don't know won't hurt you" is the stupidest thing I've ever heard but it is my constant underlying phobia. What if knowing the "truth" will only bring despair? I love it when I talk about myself. But what can I do? It's the only valid thing I know: me. urlLink http://www.phmguild.com/DROWLANG.htm is the elf language translator. Am I egotistical?

 :) Jer, kung standards lang and batayan, you've gone over and above it. Why do you think I consider you a friend? Hus! Kung iisipin, crush kita noon pero ala na, eh! Not saying that I don't think you're attractive because you probably are but I view you with hazy glasses that I just can't seem to clear up. You're the man in the moon in my life who's views of the world are foreign to mine and yet, I can get along with. I think. Wala na rin nga akong load.He he he... Ang sinasabi kong bagong crush ay si Kevin Hugo. I know that it's a wierd name but I've checked it out in his ID at iyon talaga pangalan niya. Crushes go past like ships in the sea. Friends stay forever, specially in our hearts...

 You mean me, right? The one who you were expecting to text? HAHA. Alam ko namang hindi ako papasa sa mga inhumanely irrational standards mo e! JOKE ONLI!!!!! Ako, nagsesend naman a! Kaso ngayon lang kasi wala me pera. Sorta. Hey, look, pisong nakatupi!

 Tao po!!! Nag-iisa na lang ba ako sa mundo?

 Ha!!!

 Jer, Mando, Rai, Mensky!!! Sabi ko na ngang sorry. Busy ba kayo? :(

 Sorry lang for being so grouchy the last few weeks. Di kasi nag-txt sa akin ang bago kong crush. At least, I think that's the reason. Malay ko na lang if it's the state of the planetary objects.

 Sa tingin ko ay bad trip ako ngayon sapagkat sobra ang kaek-ekan ko sa mga posts ko sa groups.

 I think ay maski saan ka man magpunta, you'll eventually find yourself in a point where your views are in disagreement with another person's, in your case, a higher autority.

 urlLink [SuspenDead]Rai - bahizta's Story

 Ano uli yung blogerito ni mackoy? Sus, kelangan mo pa ba ng komentos? Masmagaling ka pa sakin e (I'm talking to Rox. Hehe, Rai, magaling ka rin naman e.). Ay naku, kabwiset mag-aral sa FEU FERN! Oo, nga, nakatakas ako sa powtangna na TUP na yan. Bulok! Bulok!! Binalikan ko na yung transcript ko tapos me error?!! Punyeti! Bwisat! How ridiculously stupid of em. Para nga sila government office. As unreliable and unhospitable. Self service pa ang potik. Tapos ngayon, kyut nga sa FERN. Pero yung mga teachers ng (I'm afraid to mention names without going to bloodshed) minor subjects are really BIASED AND UNWORTHY OF THEIR SCIENCES!!!! Bloody hell, sa Gen. Psyche. me ESP at Dreams to enter spirit world crap??? What is this, pop psychology pseudoscience? Tapos, you actually include GOD as a factor in History? Bullsh0ut!!! TAngna naman yan! GROWLLLL!!!!!!! Ayoko ng mag-aral sa Pilipinas!!! Napaka-superstitious kahit mga teachers!!! Ngwah!!!! pero, ano ba magagawa ko? kelangan ako ng aking bayan...

 Rai, kita ko post mo sa blog mo. Ano nga ulit yng server na sinabi mo? Down kasi fateback at either gagawa ako ng mirror site o kaya naman transfer ko na siya permanently.

 I finally got to make my dream website about urlLink Sailormoon in urlLink fateback . But I need comments to improve it. It's kinda stale.

 *and everyone gets quiet*

 Malay ko sa inyo.

 Powtangna... *Message illegally sent Teka nga, pano to? Ang gusto ko e me poll at message board (kahit sht box lang) na kahit me outside server. Buti nga di ko na proproblemahin e. Gusto niyo, gawa tayo ng site na pwedeng gawing entry sa mga web awarts? Hindi lang pede sa philweb awards kasi closed na nomination e. Anyway, gusto ko lang mangarap. http://www.pldt.com/pldt2000/editorial.htm. Ang gusto ko talaga yung makagagawa ako ng me commentary, kaso ill-informed ako sa current affairs e! At at least, silo ng mga werks ko. Anyway, nabasa nyo na ba yung basura na pina upload ko k Rox sa site nya? Alam ko, pangit, pero umpisa pa lang yan. Me maspangit pang susunod dyan.

 Personal blog lang para updated ung mga tao about sa webmaster ng SuspenDead, sapa la na ko magawa... habang naghahanap ako ng host, cguro i'll keep that blog updated. Pero after i got my host again, i'll be deleting my blog at sa website na ulit ako magpopost ng news (hindi personal news). Jere, naman toh. Nde lang ako nag-brinkster ayaw mo na ren? Ayaw ko lang kc hindi sha FTP-upload. Which means, it doesn't use FTP to upload your files. Mabagal pag HTML/Webpage ang file uploader. Ayoko ng ganun, kakatamad. Para san pa ung FTP program ko? Dami ko lang hindi matutupad na pangarap sa Brinkster... Pero dahil sabi mo, sige. BUKAS NA BUKAS DIN, gagawa ako ng *.html version ng "SuspenDead - The Website" na naka-based sa PHP. Ang forums e sa "http://www.invisionfree.com/forums/suspendead" na lang mareredirect. Mawawala sa website ang Hit Counter, Quotations, "Excecution Time" Script, lahat ng naka-base sa PHP na pinaghirapan ko karnehin sa iba't ibang scripts na na-download ko... pati na rin yung pagkaganda-gandang "Shoutbox" at ang original kong Polls na hindi ko maintindihan kung bakit wala gaanong bumoboto. ^^, But i will decide kung gagamitin kong layout is ung LUMANG VERSION o talagang uulitin ko ang VERSION 2.0 BETA mula sa umpisa para maging HTML compatible. O ayan, mag-Brinkster ka na. *Message Intercepted due to Foul language.

 Jer, I see... Andito pa naman ako. Buhay pa. Teka nga. Ayoko nang mag-point by point kaya't kahit ano na lang sasabihin ko. Sa tingin n'yo, nakakaapekto sa interes ko sa computer ang medication ko? Dinagdagan kasi ng doctor ang pinapainom sa akin. Ang wierd nga, eh. Para akong *high* na hindi. Basta! Sa tingin ko, nakasama ang kaka-yell ko sa bleachers this week. Intrams kasi. Andaya kasi ng ibang teams eh. I'll post your work pero baka later this week na dahil may ginagawa akong bagong site about Sailormoon. Pero kung online pa rin ako mamaya at kagatin na naman ng busy bug, baka mamaya. Malay ko. Baka kasi mag-off na naman bigla itong comp ko, eh. Rai, Ba't ka gawa blog rin? Just askin'.

 Ayan, nakasend na sa mail mo yung encoded version ng tralala ko. Kung hindi mo matanggap, nasa urlLink WEBSITE KO. A ewan. Gusto ko nasa site mo.

 ROX!!! Wag mo kaming iwan!!! Mahal kita! ! ! La na, OA na. Bakit mo tinatanong kung la ko load? Kung gaano kawala ang urge mo mag internet, ganun kawala ang urge ko mag celpone times 44 googleplexes! Ayaw ko na bumili ng load, ayoko na magtext. Ayoko na lahat ng tungkol sa celpone! Lumalabas na pagka-infuriate ko sa trend gadgets such as that. At compensated naman dahil madalas ako online. Pero tamad pa rin ako gumawa ng webpage. At dahil hindi ka pala brinkster, Mark, duda na ko magbrinkster din. Thanks to you. Mamya magcollapse yan, dale ako. Ayoko naman gumawa pa ng mirror. Siguro geocities/angelfire na lang. At least magkapareho yung mirror. Tapos, hahanap na lang ako ng Poll services at Guest Book services. Ayoko na makontakt sa celpone. Ok, maybe I do. Pero tamad talaga ko bumili ng load. Kawawa naman mga nagtetext sa kin. Pwe! Ayoko na talaga mag cel!!!! Hinde, tamad lang talaga ako. Sobra. Over. At dahil wala ako site, magpapapost uli ako ng work. Kagagawa ko lang tong syort istory para sa Filipino 1. Ni hindi man lang ako tinulungan nung mga kamember ko. But that's the way I like it! Iemail ko na lang sayo, Rox, kung buhay ka pa. Speaking of death, kumusta goiter mo? A, oo, encoded na the way I want it to look. Kung me pic, isesend ko na along. Kaso, bwiset kasi ginawa ko parang stereotype ng superman at x-men. At nung binasa ko sa harap, maganda daw. LOKO! Hindi ninyo naman ata naiintindihan e! Me pagka freak yung sanggol, hindi sa itsura. Freak as in MUTANT!!! Asus, hindi yata nila nagets na pag hinawakan ka ng sanggol, para kang pinapatay e. Ewan. Ambot sa imo. Hindi na ko nag-iisa sa pagiging Virgin!!!

 Feeling ko, antagal kong nawala. Parang tinatamad nga akong magbasa, eh. Hindi ko alam pero sa tingin ko, wala na akong urge para mag-internet. Wala na akong motivation. Wala akong gustong malaman o gustong basahin. I'm only using the internet para maka-connect sa mga malalalayong tao pero it's not so important anymore. Jer, ala ka pa rin bang load? Rai, salamat sa paalala. Yun lang.

 Jere, hindi ako pedeng maiwala na ikaw na lang ang voltes "V" sa mundo. Siguro kokonti na lang, isa ka dun... pero hindi ka nag-iisa. And... SEX DRUGS ROCK`NROLL thing?! Potah, san mo nakuha un?! Tol, hindi ako adik, hindi ako manyakis, at lalong hindi ako magbabato-sabay-gulong... hindi lahat ng banda katulad ng iniisip mo, `je. Ewan ko, malabo naman talaga takbo ng isip mo sa natural eh... ^^, Anyways, i decided na gawing personal blog na lang yun. Mabubuhay na lang ako sa sarili kong mundo ron. Pocha... KELANGAN KO NG WEBHOST!!!

 Blog ule? Sngooooooooork! Hehe, jaz keedeing. Hay, ako na lang pala talaga ang... Bakit? Bakit ako? A, baka si... wala. Just check Thu Jul 31, 07:16:08 PM blog for more details on why I am confused.

 Hm... `Je, natuwa ka ata sa blog. ^^, Ala ako masabi eh. Un lang muna. EDIT: Este, meron pala. Just made my own blog. Janget pa ung template eh, pero i'll change dat into my very own template when i got time. Punta kayo dito: http://raishirushi.blogspot.com tapos invite ko na lang kyo pag me oras, oke? Ok. ^^,

 Tralalalala, springs in the air. I'm a tree, and I've got nothing else to say.

 errr.. what? poste? hmmm... I was in a convention last week. ngayon laang ako nakabalik from then. Kakainis! I feel like such a failure as compared sa kasama ko. Oh well... at least ganyan siguro talaga ang buhay. Oo nga pala, I'm not sure but I may be going to Manila this sem break. The Commerce Dept. is going on a week-long tour of Northern Luzon and we'll be stopping in Manila for a day, I think. If ever I do go with it, I'll tell you about it. We're all a little insane. If you're too sane for words, you know that you're the most insane.

 You must not revert to the "devolution" of man, instead be driven to your worst, for that's when the bermensch shall be made. Anyway, salamat sa bati. Ayan, nakaposte na ko. Pfrt. Nababaliw lang ako. Hindi ako masaya kasi gumastos nanaman ako. Nag-iipon ako ng para pambili ng board game from uber-games.com (actually, directly, not online). Ewan. Basta, frustrated ako na masaya. Bakit ba? Hay naku. Me assignment pa naman ako sa Sociology at English 2 at Inprola at CAS 1 at Filipino 2... sheeeeeeet. HaRGH.

 Di makapost si Jere dahil sem break nila but the others don't have any excuse!!! :p

 Happy Birthday, Aramis!!!

 What's that message down below about?

 kumusta, ako ay isang malikhaing tao,kelangan ko ng mga tauhan,mga sampung katao pwede na para sa aking mga proyekto pakisend na lang ang mga datos tungkol sa inyo sa harmless_heaven@hotmail.com -David Young

 I don't know. I have been trying to connect with the real world. I have barred myself from having virtual connection. ie. internet and cellphone. ok. ok. ala akong pambili ng load sa internet at cellphone for a whole week at sira ang cellphone ko. malay ko sa ibang members.

 Why isnt anybody talking?

 Please... you are adding insult to the relatively hooey. What did I just meant by that?

 "Over ha!" ? *me felling down the chair laughing*

 Sus. Ikawlimited intellect? Over ha! (Yuch, did I just said "Over ha!" ?) Anyway, wala... Cant talk right now.

 Jer, Sabi ko, hindi na ako magpo-post tungkol doon pero hindi ko sinabing the topic will suddenly die dahil marami pa rin namang ibang members ang group. Geeze! Di ko lang talaga maintindihan ang wording ng mga posts niyo dahil ka-deep. Di ko gets. Hindi kaya ng limited intellect ko. Rai, Anrami mong sinulat. *joke*

 Ok, so i haven't posted for some time... sorry `bout that. Anyways, ayan nagparamdam lang po ako. ^^,

 Awww... I loved that topic. It was the only serious topic that I've read all these... months.

 Ah, well, there you go, yuck. Heck, this love thing is too vague to be used plainly at all! Well, I don't really use it much.

 Jer, According to the post you've posted sa guestbook ko, last April 8th 2003, kailangan kong humanda dahil sa gagawa ka ng bagong site. Ano ba? Kailan ba ako maghahanda? After a front page, what? Oo nga pala, dahil sa sem break kami rito at wala akong magawa sa buhay ko, I'm gonna make a lot of changes in urlLink Midnght Delusions . I've already started with changing the pics in urlLink About M3k To the previous topic, no, it wasn't you, mon ami. It was the guy I told you I thought I was falling in love with. Remember him? The one we've used elven language to talk about? Or maybe I was simply the one who used the elven language. Regardless, it was him and now, I feel that I have done myself a great wrong. Whatever. It boggles my mind. I think. If my mind is still working, that is. I'll simply think about it, first. On another point, I don't think love can be defined. It's way too broad a word. It's a noun and a verb and sometimes, a different part of speech altogether. I'd like to think that I do feel love in its different forms. I love immaterial and material things. I love to eat, for one. I love to dance. I love my collection of whatnots. I love people too. I love my mother and my father and a whole lot of others who have wormed themselves into my heart. Have I ever told you that I love you? Well, consider it said. Not that I love you in the romantic sense but I'd like to think that I care too much for you as a person to simply call it caring. Nevertheless, don't be alarmed by it as people seem wont to be, myself included. Just consider it caring in a deeper sense. As for the phrase "falling in love." I don't think it's falling at all. To take the words of the character in "How to Deal," Why do people call it falling? Why don't they simply call it crashing because it is what it is. Considering the fact that I suck at exact quotes, that is not exactly what's been said but it is close or at least the meaning behind it is the same. Yes, I foung the word, "yuck." yuck interjection (also yuk ) ( slang ) an expression of extreme dislike, disgust, etc. The Oxford Paperback Dictionary

 yuck? At no time did I say I'm falling in love with you, nor did I tried saying something that might impress such notion. So... upon further thinking, I don't think you were talking about me. Maybe, this is the point where he's feeling, "I liked you, and I think I still like you, but the former feeling of 'I LIKE YOU' or similarly, 'I LOVE YOU' seemed to have diminished in time." Maybe it is the feeling of "I thought I loved you, but I'm not sure I know exactly how to love you, nor how to treat you for that matter." It could also mean "I know love. It means I can spend time with you whenever I LIKE, and if I'm really lucky (not that all men are the same, because I cannot know for sure) I can get laid. Now that is love." I don't really understand. LOVE is such a stupid word. It is the word that can be defined but cannot be understood. "Falling in love" is much worse, because someone actually used a word most of us barely understand. Love is a question I encountered earlier in the Filipino class. "What is love?" is a broad and personal question. Not knowing love is embarrassing, but that is truth for me. I admit, I don't know a thing about love. Probably it is the fear to commit, but I have no experience, nor do I intend to experience such "love". Maybe "yuch" is similar. Did you find "yuck"?

 I've gone through all the dictionaries in the house and has even checked the ones in school and I wasn't able to find the definition of Yuch. For the life od me, I really don't understand it. It looks to me like it could have been a mispelled word or something but no. Anyway, can you answer this for me? How can a guy go from saying he thinks he's falling in love with me to suddenly ignoring me even when I'm already in front of his face?

 Yuch.

 You got sick? You actually got sick? In all the years I've known you, this is the first time I've heard of you getting sick. Poor baby. Anyway, don't start going biblical again. Your immune system is probably just weak and deficient as we human beings tend to have. Simply rest and drink a lot of chicken soup. Not chicken noodle soup or chicken noodles but chicken soup.

 Sure. I got sick. Which made me avoid my three school days. Great. I had no assignments nor reports ready anyway. Then, on Saturday, Bush came and went and I'm still in bed. Now, I'm awake, a little energetic, fever's gone for a while, but maybe not for long. My typing is too slow for me. I find no energy, really, to do certain actions. I forced myself out of bed, the only time I had forced myself, because probably I WAS TOO WEAK to resist myself. Pitiful. I would have enjoyed the bed if... I could have written or read, but the headache made it all go blurry and stupid. Go to hell, Satan! I send you back to your friggin hell! Stop sending me those plagues out of your contempt for humanity! Waittaminute. Wasn't it God who used to send plagues? ...

 Life sucks!!! It really does!!! I can't believe how petty some guys can get!!! Kainis!!! Kainis!!! Kainis!!!

 I have to say that when it comes to hormones I got you beat coz I have the blood test to prove it. Anyway, malay ko sa mga iyan. Wicca is an old European practice. Iyon lang ang alam ko.

 Hyper? I AM hyper. It is a perfect event. Anyway, are you applying those Tony Perez stuff? As I see it, that's the "Magic, Practical Applications" professor in the Philippines. While Jaime Licauco is the Doctor of Pseudoscience. Not to be adversive, but, come on! If what they say is actually true, I also believe in "peace on earth" and "good and evil". No, I don't.

 Hmmm... I don't know if I wanna buy some fetishes then. Considering how I don't particularly need anything else for ritualistic practice other than a candle and some pretty everyday oils and stuff and my hormones are already hyper as they are, I don't need them.

 Fetish: either I can define it as an object for ritualistic practices, or it could be another sexual instrument that Filipinos love to buy and sell. Either way, it has the same ritualistic purpose, except sexual fetishes are usually limited to, well, sex rituals. Anyway, it isn't the type of fetish that anyone probably uses to harbor real cash, because that would be so powerful that it may be more important than any other anting-antings found in Banahaw or whereever. It usually has a greenish color, signifying nature, moss, or rot which adds to its exotic look. These green things ARE NOT used for sex practices and may not be used for it in anyway for it would be... detrimental. Anyway, DO NOT buy sexual fetishes found in urban areas. A person who requires mystical assistance to get his thing up would probably need to try Obando or somewhere in a rural area. As for rural fetishes not used for sex rituals, you may find those at these places: Siquijor, Banahaw, Quiapo, Cebu, an other notorius places. You may also find some in Quezon city but unfortunately, you won't find anything useful because the spirits found inside these materials are already killed by air pollution -- I can't be sure if those sold in Quiapo are any better. Anyway, for better understanding of these fetishes, you may subscribe to your local Shaman and you may also participate in fora concerning anything that can be utilized magically and can miraculously cure mortality as if it is better than God. After all these shenanigans, there is no requirement for these. All I need to say is, whatever fetish is to you is my definition of fetish, for I have no reason to believe in magic anyway.

 define fetish....

 Ha. Oh well. Good luck on your trippin. Try and buy some weird stuff along the way. Especially fetishes. Definitely go get fetishes.

 Question: Didn't I told you NOT to text me anymore? Have I failed to notify you that my celfone is incapacitated? Well, maybe that's not completely true, because I received a message from you. Still, please don't waste YOUR time texting anymore because I'm not reading anything on that cursed contraption again. It's a load of wasted integrated circuits. If you ask if I'm doing that coniotic "Friendster" social hooligan, of course I'd say no. But the painful truth is, I do. I hate myself.

 Probably November 3-7 (cant be sure). Anyway, you have it na. So?

 I've received it yesterday? Kailan mo ba iyon pinadala?

 Ah yes. Well, I just lost 17 pesos to your mail, and 49 pesos to Debb who is just in California. That should take...um seven days for you? I don't know for sure but if it reaches you in a month, then I've wasted my money.

 Ummm... hmmm... slow mail? Gaano katagal?

 Scars, a well. You see, I have no knowledge of scars. Scars and me are enemies, but unfortunately, so un-Art of War of me , I don't know my enemy. Well, it's just a scar. Or maybe, it's just some scars. Whatever. I sent you the newsletter. I also sent the friggin newsletter to Debb who doesn't reply to confirm. He didnt reply on my first mail. That punk...

 No. I don't sleep with a dog. The darn dog we have is way too smelly not to mention the fact that he absolutely hates water. Anyways, hindi po. Iba ang pimple. I said scars. I do know the difference between the two. Anyways, kung pimple, I would have used blemish. I just mean scars as in scars. Damned scars!!! Sige, hintay me na lang sa newsletter mo. Linagay ko na sa soulsanctum pero eto pa rin kung di mo siya gets: 9-A Greenland Avenue Concepcion Pequea Naga City 4400 Philippines

 You sleep with a dog or something? What scars? Is that like a gruesome way to say "pimple"? Anyway, I have lost interest in making a site (all honesty) and I have a crude, quaint, but relatively healthier substitute. I write newsletters. It started as a project in school, but then I am advancing it for real. You may receive the November copy soon. Gimme your address. If you already have given me your address in full and without acronym, ignore this message. I hope when you receive the newsletter type anthology, youll be delighted to write for it. It is just so bootleg and rogue that writing a newsletter reminds me of La Solidaridad. I wish to be a young, modern propagandist. But, unlike welgistas who just rant without intelligence and are usually driven by mob crowding, I am probably going to be a lone revolutionary for things people don't really care about.

 I don't think it's getting redundant but it is getting somewhat tiresome with only the two of us talking about nothing. You talk to Rai and Mando and I'll ask Mensky what's keeping her. I think they simly plumb forgot about this blog although I have seen them online every once in a while. Those... Anyways, no, thank you. I have some major thinking to do and I need some sleep these days. I'm counting the scars from all my late nights and it ain't pretty.

 Websites, and all that stuff. Now that I have something to use that darn technology, I have no time nor creative effort to produce one. What do I do? I could assign someone. Could you, Roxanne san, do it?

 This one on one relationship between you in me is okay, but is getting redundant. Where the HELL are the other users of this group?

 Ah, well. We define such a word differently too. Maybe it is just a way to define something we don't understand, like "psychic", "ghosts", "soul", and others. Maybe it is meant to be open-ended because we have no real definition. People can use it carnally, romantically, or platonically. That's just the worst word in the dictionary. But if we remove it for its ambiguous definition, we must remove a lot of other words as well. What to do? Define it first before using. But that quite suck. "Hi, love for me is (please enter personal definition here). Now, I want to tell you that I love you." Then, it all returns to that stupid guy there.

 It's too hard to define. Maybe people should delete it from the vocabulary altogether. But the thing is, every culture has a word for it. How come a word that is universally understood is so hard to define?

 Nainggit ka pa, Jed? E di umuwi ka muna!!!! Hehehe. Me snow ba diyan? Buhay ka pa ba? Debb, ikaw ba yang nasa ilalim? Debb? Debb?!!! Hapi nu year.

 kakainggit naman... get 2gether...

 Oi! kailan ba get-together ng grupo?

 I know I don't celebrate xmas, and although I want to not say this, I believe the greater christian community wants me to be less kj and more joiner. BLATEDMERICHRISTMAS.

 Ayan! nadagdagan na naman tayo... Sana naman you become more regular than the other members here. Merry Christmas sa lahat!!!

 elo2allveteranbloggers. thanx4invitingmeRox.walalangnagpaparamdamlang.belatedmerryx_mas2all...

 Errr... I used to say it noon. Anyway, I'm reading some new fanfics and so I decided I might try Japanese again. Want me to switch to Chinese instead? Dance as in dance and don't care who you step on. ^^

 Okay, the "Ja Ne" seems familiar, but what were those other things? EH? What dancing? Is this DANCING literal or Dancing in an encrypted kinda sense? How, how. Anyway, dance for all I care, I do not dance. I'll just step on other people and kill their nails. Well, I'll be doing the society a favor and not dance anymore. I'm the Appolyon of dance. Well, dance, Kitty, dance. It's all ya gots.

 Me? Li'l ole me? Innocent-looking me who doesn't seem like she's even in college? A perv? Shock of shocks! It ain't so wierd. Actually, I don't drink and I've never ever let a guy get past my barriers. I simply like the dancing. I love the dancing. I've checked out most of the site and they have a Ladies' Night on Wednesdays so I guess it's not a gay bar after all. I say ano and it's bad. It's bad. It's embarrassing in front of an audience. I'm in the Deb Soc, dang it! I'm thinking maybe I should say it's anou. Kinda Japanese, ne? Ja ne!

 Hehehehe... they might have mistaken you for a perv! Joke. Well. This is a weird place to live. Why would ever wanna go bar hopping? That's too STDish. Okay, I'm not saying real things. But, hey I'm no social person. I've heard people bar hopping. It's just a nutty game of search and destroy. You search for a bar, then you unleash your thousands of pesoses, then either you get drunk, get laid, gain a drunken enemy, get a drunken friend-turned-enemy, make fun of people while drunk and maybe get killed, burn inside the bar.... the destructions are limitless!!!! It's an exciting experience. Hehehehe... I say "Hehehehe" when I can't think of anything to say.

 Dang! I think it's a gay bar! Why'd they invite me, the locos?

 Probably not. Don't go postal about it. There's something so great about being single. Freedom!!! Just think of always telling someone where you're going or find yourself in a position of guilt and not knowing why. Anyway, I just joined a new group in yahoo called urlLink Goto Bed . It's not a really good group but I'm thinking if I ever wanna go barhopping, I'd at least have one destination in mind. Lookit thru. It's so like a website rather than a group. Just thought you might wanna do some editing in the group if you see how they made it.

 ew. Yeah. Well... that makes you like the rest of us. Apparently I'm the only single guy in this school of mine or something. Sheeesh.

 I didn't know it. Well... I had some suspicions, to tell the truth. But he's only 21! Married at 20! I can't believe someone I know still do that. *sigh* Think of it this way. I'm single again, darn it! No, I won't date when I'm on the rebound. I already know the consequences of that. Remember that stalker guy?

 Wow. Like Wow . Like a relationship with a married man? Wow. Can't say a goddamn thing about that. Yup. I think you underestimated yourself thinking that you are overly cautious. You are, but that's a good thing. Well, can't say the same here. Still single, still a virgin, still bothered with mental difficulties. Still mad inside and silent outside. And I can go for married people, although that would make me a thief and maybe I'll get killed in the process. Maybe you should be silent on this one. And don't get a new boyfriend just because you want to forget that experience. You might get into other troubles.

 I'm so stupid. I got into a relationship with blinders on because I thought I used to overanalyze everything. He's married, damn it! I should have known that this will never ever work out. It hurts.

 ^^ Don't be so hard on yourself. Anyway, it's not wierd and it's certainly not hypocritical.

 Prendster!!! PWE!!! Okay, that's just stupid. I hate it and I check my frickin' account everyday. Weird. Weird. Wirdo. Hypocrite.

 Muhahahaha! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAA!!!!!!

 Oi, Rai! Akala ko ba di ka sasali sa friendster? Eh bakit parang sumali ka rin lang naman?

 I don't think staying alive is a purpose, per se. A purpose is an end result, right? And staying alive is already something they do at the present without having done anything. As for fate or simply serendipity, I have not lived long enough to judge.

 Well, that's their solution, I think. Since life has no inherent purpose, that is THEIR purpose. They achieve things, so what? Isn't staying alive an achievement too? And, besides, what are goals but desires we set to achieve. Ourselves! Is it anything of a major purpose to affect the universe or something? Do we have a purpose, say feed those entities outside our world, or become an impending army for a greater faction? Not that we know of.

 Errr... Di ko naiintindihan yung sinasabi mong free internet, sorry. Anyway, if life has no purpose and we're simply here to exist, then what of the people who has actually achieved a goal?

 I was referring on free internet when you have your own laptop or *** enabled cellfone. Phone. Hrrrmp. You know what? I have no idea who else will I search for in friendster. It's cool and at the same time stupid.

 Wow, thank you for believing I have any purpose at all. You know, I don't think life is purposeful, if it has any purpose at all. We have these reasons for living, for keeping ourselves alive, but then, I don't really blah, blah,blah,blah,blah... I know you don't want to hear all that "Philosophical Bullcrap" (as one of our friends in Soul Sanctum puts it). Anyway, the point is, what if life has no purpose other than pure existence. You know, like the appendix. Hey, great news for highschool students!!! FEU - FERN College, located at Sampaguita Avenue, Mapayapa Village, Quezon city will soon become the first wireless college in the Philippines!!! I think. Or maybe in Quezon city? Whatever. The point is, just slap that PCMCIA thing that works like a radio and connects to the network hub of the school, and you get free net!!! What is that thing called again? I only remembered it being named as "radio". stupid short term memory. Anyway, stuff will be modernized there so fast, you might see the school of tomorrow standing on that lot before you can say "Charles Babbage!". Hehe. So much for plugging.

 Ok, I'm back. And Faust, don't worry. I think you're still alive for a purpose.

 Rai, Ok lang as long as you post every now and then. It can be very lonely talking to one's lonesome. Gotta say that your new journal's got really great bones. Scary music, anime and all. I'm getting confused with all the links pero it's good. I'm in deep envy pero I'm sunk so deep in school and laziness kaya I'll just stay the same old me and same old pages. Cute rin naman. Bahala na! Oo nga pala, na-try mo na ba ang urlLink Dairyland ? Well, I know. It's kinda cutesy pero I think I'll try it. Not for my site. I'll go cheap and make websites and give them to my friends. Personal and yet, not at all useless, right? Ano nga ba talaga ang kalokohan sa friendster?

 Main Girl? Founder na lang tawag mo. Wala akong pera last week. Di makabili ng prepaid. Obvious ba? Naku naman kayo, oo! Kung kailan ba naman ako wala, anraming pi-nost! Maybe I should disappear more often to get this thing going. Corn is good but I prefer rice.

 Yes, I know your cell is incapacitated. I haven't been texting you. At least I don't think so. Have I texted you? Ok, probably. My phone is dead. Ayun, I changed the part about who I want to meet. Read it. Oh, and approve the testimonial I wrote.

 Jer, so? It's good. I'll submit some on the January issue.

 And I almost thought the "Buenaventura" is Rox. Haaay... But by GOD, WELCOME BACK!!!! It doesnt matter if you have no friendster. It's practically useless. Well, as for me, wala na ko kuwenta/silbe/purpose. Ikaw?

 Hey, sorry if it's been awhile (too long for me not to reply ^^,) Anyways, i've abandoned my Blog here at blogger.com 'cause it sucked ass. I have my journal @ Tabulas. Here's my URL, BTW: http://www.tabulas.com/~rai_shirushi I moved 'cause i can't post my own images here, and that i can't even have a BG music. At Tabulas, i can use my own images and play my own sounds. ^^, Before you even ask it... i'll answer the question already. "Hey, i have no friendster." ^^,

 OKAY!!! Apparently, The main ... uh, Girl, is not around. Well, well, well, are you going to tell me you have no internet? Or worse, you have no phone? Hmm, this is bad. Not being online is worse than not eating... corn. whatever. You know. Nothing. I'm just wasting my time talking nonsense. Going now.

 2.) Does your object/target's name start with a consonant, and not a vowel or number?

 I'm game. You start. We Ask.

 1. Is it long?

 The Game of Twenty Questions! Let's start with an easy one, but, to remove all that first question you WILL ask anyway, here's the first clue: It is a Vegetable. Please write down the question number you are asking.

 Okay, enough about America and Mother Philippines. Rules for twenty questions: * Rule #1: Questioner may only ask questions that can be answered with a yes or a no. * Rule #2: Answerer may only respond with a yes or a no, whichever will be more helpful to A. Rule #2 above is a good one -- the official one, but it's impossible to follow all the time. Here are two exceptional acceptable answers that A (and Q) should keep in mind: --"I DON'T KNOW." Sometimes A simply will not know the answer, even though if he knew it he could answer yes or no. In such cases A may respond with "I don't know." As an example, consider that A has chosen the Rock of Gibraltar as the target and Q asks, "Is it closer to London than is Svalbard?" If A doesn't know then he should not merely guess, because Q might know, and if A guesses wrong he will certainly mislead Q, which is a more serious violation of Rule #2. So, A should say he doesn't know and let Q take it from there. --"I CAN'T ANSWER." Sometimes A will properly determine that he's unable to answer a particular question with a definitive yes or a no, even though he is not ignorant of any facts as in the example above. In such cases he may respond with the generic phrase "I can't answer." An example will clarify the intent of this guideline: If the target is a golf ball and the question is "Is it bigger than a golf ball?" then A will almost certainly mislead Q whether he answers yes or he answers no, which is a more serious violation of Rule #2. Therefore he may simply state that he can't answer. It's then up to Q to figure out what that means. (Also note that if A had been a real stickler he may have legitimately answered No to that question, because a golf ball is not, strictly speaking, I suppose, bigger than a golf ball, the implication being that Q should have asked, "Is it bigger than or equal to the size of a golf ball?") At first it might seem that any question that leads to either of these answers must be worthless, but the opposite might be true. Whenever A says he doesn't know or can't answer, Q should examine the exact way he phrased the question to determine whether a subtle change in that phrasing will elicit a Yes or No response, which might reveal a lot about the target. Traditionally, Q's first question (the only one Q may ask that does not allow for a Yes or No answer) is always the same: "Is it animal, vegetable or mineral?" Indeed, in certain parts of the world this game is known as "Animal, Vegetable, Mineral." The two important points above are that * all legitimate targets will fall into one of these three categories or a combination thereof, and * A must choose a legitimate target. One kind of illegitimate target is an object whose very existence is in question, such as Martians or the Loch Ness monster, because A will be forced to answer Q's yes-or-no questions based on mere belief rather than factual knowledge that can certainly be shared. Another example of an illegitimate target is something that has no physical existence such as patriotism or haste. It's sometimes difficult for A to decide whether to respond with "animal," "vegetable," or "mineral," so here are some examples and other thoughts that might provide some help to both A and Q. To begin with, anything that's never been alive is mineral, and everything else must therefore be either animal or vegetable (unless you count microscopic entities such as bacteria and viruses, which you should). Here are three examples: * If you've chosen as your target the clock inside London's Big Ben, you should answer, "Mineral," because the clock parts are made of steel and brass and copper and so on, which are minerals. * If you've chosen as your target the wool sweater you're wearing, you should say, "Animal," because it's made of wool, which comes from sheep, which am animals. * And if you've chosen the T-shirt that your date is wearing, you should say, "Vegetable," because it's made of cotton, which is a plant. TARGETS MADE OF PLASTIC. Targets made of plastic (floppy disks and trash bags) and other such petroleum-based products (nylon and gasoline) are impossible to classify as animal or vegetable because it is still uncertain in the scientific community whether petroleum comes from dead animals or dead plants (although the most recent evidence I know of, circa 1990, suggests it's both). Therefore, by arbitrary convention, if your target is made from petroleum products you should say, "Vegetable," and as long as Q is aware of this convention, it is then his responsibility to think of asking, "Is it made of plastic?" or some such question. For that matter, even if Q doesn't know this convention, it's still up to him to pursue the "plastic" question. TARGETS MADE OF MORE THAN ONE SUBSTANCE. Often A will choose a target that's made of, say, both vegetable and mineral -- for example, a pencil, which is made of wood and an eraser and paint (vegetables) as well as graphite and a metal ferrule (minerals). In this case, A might say "Vegetable" because a pencil is more vegetable than mineral, although if he said, "I can't answer" that would be OK too. As another example, if A's target is a floppy disk, then he should probably say "Vegetable," (plastic) despite the fact that a minuscule but fundamental portion of the total mass of the target is actually iron oxide (rust), a mineral. In any case, A may declare only one of the three possible substances, so no matter what A declares it's up to Q, if he wants to, to determine more precisely what substance A's target is made of. For the novice who didn't read all the paragraphs above, it's important to understand that when A says, say, "Vegetable," that doesn't necessarily mean that the target is a vegetable such as a carrot. Similarly, the answer "Animal" doesn't necessarily mean that the target is an animal such as a platypus. And, of course, the answer "Mineral" doesn't necessarily mean that the target is a lump of iron. The question "Animal, vegetable or mineral?," as seasoned 20 Questions players know, asks about the primary substance of which the target is made, and every legitimate target, i.e., every possible object or substance in the universe, will be made entirely of animal, vegetable or mineral or any of the four combinations thereof.

 Heheheh, you're right about the morality issues concerning the way America is livin'. But what I was trying to say is that America is just good as what it has in its extrinsicity. They may look financially stable & such (a decent way of living) --- but 3/4ths of America is morally rotting. THey have become so complacent that they have forgotten how important it is to be what makes us different from humans & animals. Respect, Love, Courtesy, & other basic values have been decimated to an "I don't care about you--- you mind your own business" attitude. From my workplace alone, there is no sense of humanity than just thinking of how to make money. Not that I was looking for tsismis, but there was something lacking. Working robots. I say, working robots. That is why if I had the right amount of time, knowledge & capital, I will not hesitate to move back to our country and start a small business there. It's not about cultural bias but how we most Filipinos, even though we're always suffering from hardships and all kinds of turmoil, know that there is more to life than just material things (Not to say that Americans are--- but most of them do). That's what most of us battle-scarred Filipinos make a rare breed of moral & stable integrity.

 Monetary Value? Akala ko mas mahal diyan ang mga bilihin? Decent way of living? Paano naman yung morality issues and such? Cleaner environment? Yeah, but at the expense of others. Saner Gov't and Politics? Si Bush!?! Babes? Bakit, wala ba ritong mga sanggol? *sigh* I'm really in an insane mood tonight. Ang hirap mag-isip ng good thoughts. Anyway, Debb, I salute your love for the Philippines kahit na I cannot understand it myself. I'm not saying that I love US or any other country more pero with all this, love your country and such, I don't really know where to place myself. I'm thinking kasi that with all that, we're more or less promoting bias because we're putting ourselves above others. We're saying we're better or stonger or more this or more that. So we're belittling other cultures and thinking we're above them na. We're all simply human, aren't we? Just a thought. It probably has nothing to do with what you mean. Puwedeng 200 question lang? Pero mas madali kung 20 questions lang. Honga pala, who will start it? Si Jer na lang kasi siya naman nag-suggest, eh!

 Ang hirap makapasok online kapag free ang internet. Kainis! It's already 3 am. So anyway, Hollywood has it's good side and it's bad side. It's all a matter of just how far you'd go for what you want, I think. I'd say it has more of a sordid side than anything else but there's still the people who try to hang on to their morality and such. Anyway, I wouldn't believe everything I read or see. They're all hazes and cut-ups and people all seem to look alike. I'll believe it when it's right in front of my eyes and even then, I'll doubt it. Why? Because truth is not everything as we perceive it. Truth is relative and a matter of opinion. It all depends on you.

 Hiya! Me? Liking this piece of land called America? Except maybe for the monetary value, a little decent way of living, cleaner environment, saner gov't & politics, some babes here & there, and most of my immediate families are here, but other than that, what's there to like America? I might really sound stupidly sarcastic but whatever happens & whatever it is, my heart & soul belongs to Mother Philippines (& ofcourse Whoever it is "up" there). Now only if the CIA-NBI won't intercept this message & suspect me as a fanatic madman (which I don't know if I am *gulp). About the 20,000 question game --- I'm always game as long as I'm cyber(ly) kickin'. :)

 We can always modfy, and make a game of 20,000 questions (and one, hard to guess, answer).

 Anyone up for some games of twenty questions? Twenty questions is a two-person or multi-person guessing game. It is also known as Animal, vegetable or mineral? One person thinks of an object, and says whether it is "animal" (including humans), vegetable, or mineral. The guesser or guessers must determine what this object is, by sequentially asking 20 yes-or-no questions about the object, which are answered either "yes" or "no". For example: "is it a person?", "is it someone I know?" ... If the guessers manages to work out what the object is after twenty questions, then they win. Otherwise, the person who thought of the object wins, and reveals what the object was. Hehehehehe!

 Inspector Gadget... little Penny grows up and transforms into a whore... God, if you saw what I saw... I have a theory: Hollywood is a great, marvelous whorehouse, a pimpmobile, a Moulin Rouge. Every woman and man is a prostitute and every child actor is a whore waiting for them to "come of age". I hate America. I can't believe Jed likes it there. But then, Filipinos have their own whores. I remember my dreams usually, but I don't get to record them. I'm not reporting any dreams of mature or sexual content. I do keep them in my computer. You should read my notebook(s). I'll post some of them here. You will tremble, and probably make your cackle-able madness sanity.

 Napanood mo ba ang Inspector Gadget?

 Jer, Anrami mo dreams lately, ah. At least dreams na naaalala. You can never really be against society when you feel afraid of them. You are still part of it and will continue to be a part of it until you find that you are finally a separate entity. Does that make sense?

 Jed, Ok lang iyon. At least your ramblings are actualy semi-sane. If you'd read any of mine during my dark hours, you'd run for your life. *evil laugh* *delete evil laugh* *evil cackle* ^^ Pero we really can't help having regrets with our lives because there is always an opportunity cose. Oops! Sorry, commerce talk. There's just one other thing we never really did and we can't help but say 'what if?' Pero parte pa rin iyon ng buhay and if we did change that part of out life, we would be so much more different than we are now and would you really have wanted to change yourself?

 Another dream, but last night: Sarah Maclachlan. I was suppose to watch her concert in our country with my brother. I don't know. When I woke up, "Adia" is still singing in my head. Until I took a bath earlier. Song of the Day: Sarah Maclachlan's Adia, and Semisonic's "Singing in my Sleep".

 Of course it is your grandmothers "last" 79th bday. When will she celbrate it again? Whether it is an issue of love, I don't know. Weird thing about the alchemy of thoughts: I concocted a dream that mixes all love tragedies I've seen in reality. I am practically reliving one of the professors in FERN who got expelled out of the school for failure in quality. But other students think of it as something else (this doesnt get out or Dacasin will shoot me right between the eyes). I don't know why this should be hidden, taboo, or anything, but I guess people are just narrowminded, superstitious cowardly lots. He had an issue with a student. My dream is about the same thing. I was such a teacher, and everywhere, this "taboo" of mine was becoming open, though in tabloid rumors and stuff. I don't know, but I really sometimes hate being against the society, though I am already radical and stuff. You can say I'm still afraid of them. I would rather disappear than be thrown stones at. But c'mon, is it really that bad? The dream made me question, did the professor expelled really deserve receiving such?

 "I think Jed agrees with the great catch thing. I know you like me Jed, don't hide it." -----------------Ermmm, pwede ba friends lang muna tayo? :P You know what, Lemme' share you an experience that I had while I was in high school. For those who hate mushiness, I advice you to cease reading unless you like puking. Anyways, I had the same predicament as Jeremiah about relationships before. I was the same teenager with the same "good" hormones as I am now, hehehe. I dunno if I was cautious or sumthin' but I just refused entertaining thoughts on relationships even if it is in the basket already. I can't say that I was a homo (I'm not implying anything) because I had once a deep admiration for this girl who was fortunately my classmate. At that time, I didn't knew if she liked me or not. Then a cool morning on Valentines Day 99' arrived. It was in school in the middle of a class break, there I was sitting in a bench alone (what in tarnation was I doing there?), I took a glance near the school shop near the entrance when I swear I see that girl getting prettier by the moment (at least that was 5 yrs. ago). She was buying sumthin' from the school shop. Then the bell rang, signalling the time to go back to class. Knowing that it was Valentine's Day, our class adviser, Ms. Torres arranged a "special" program in which a certain person will give sumthin' to another person he/she likes. For the program, I managed to buy some scrappy flowers from outside d skul to give to my "girl" friends whom I had the same benefaction of receiving valentine appurtenances as well. Anyway, just as the class was already over, when there "she" came from out of the blue and greeted me a Happy Valentine's day, instantaneously giving me a heart shaped crimson red balloon. What that it made me feel something that I have never ever felt before. I can feel her sweet, caring aura enveloping around my unsteady body, with no malice intended. Now I can confirm that she really likes me after all. It's not love. It is almost there, but not yet. Anyways, I in turn thanked her very much for the trouble... Sheepishly she asked me if I was going home, and since I know how gentleman I am (at that time only lolz), I offered to go with her coz I was going in the same route as well ------ The events unfolding was an excellent concoction for a good relationship about to happen... When all of that, I just gave up all. After that fateful day, I still did not talk to her. I tried not to look in her eyes. She knew that I was setting us apart. I didn't think that I was that picky. I was just afraid of being rejected in the long run. I was afraid of being hurt. I was afraid of the unknown future. I was cautious. In the end, I was afraid of something that never really happened, in which I didn't even try. Looking back, laughing at myself of the "things" that I had done, made me wanna' do the right choices if given a chance, and it's not just about love life for that matter, but for the most part of my life and what's remaining of it. What I therefore think & conclude about us folks being cautious about relationships (for whatever reasons), though natural initially, should not interfere the course of any part of our life, especially our social & love life...... Oh, & pardon my blabbing. It's just my way of releasing tension from work & studies. Ahhhhhh, now I can sleep well, dami kong nasulat... Tomorrow will be grandma's 79th b-day (and her last one as she says to me). Gotta sleep early for her. Eniweys, Catchall'l8er! *yawn

 Geeze Louise, Jer! Can you try using simpler words? What the heck is a narcoleptic? I'm not in the mood to search out my dictionary at 2:04 am.

 Was she that chinita one with the long straight hair? I can't help not remembering her. What I remember most from my school jeep days were trying to catch up on sleep because I had to wake up early to go to school and covering my face up to keep from smothering from all the pollution in the metro. So you're saying ok na sa iyo ang virgin and non-relation status mo, hijo?

 (Si Marianne Maligat ba yun?)------ No. Pascual. Rox's former busmate when she was at DPS (accdg to mando) but Rox doesnt even remember. Pfrt. Ahhh, thanks Dr. Phil McGraw! I think Jed agrees with the great catch thing. I know you like me Jed, don't hide it. Do I feel cautious? Yes. Do I feel a relationship is necessary? Less so. Do I find myself thinking about wimmenz? Yes. Am I sleepless? No. Narcoleptic? Yes. Do I think I want a relationship, of any type? No. I don't. Newton died a virgin. I don't wanna die having an anarch childe outside my jurisdiction. If I fail in relationships, married, casual or otherwise, I don't think I would die willingly. Wait, wattamaysaying? What I want to imply is whether any relationship, test/analysis I enter would be worth it even if I don't take it seriously (not saying laughing my heart out at her expense). I mean if it would be worth if I don't pursue further and if anyone would morally accept it as such later. Well?

 *Ehem

 I think Jere is the cautious type. Among all of us, siya yung may pinakatakot magkarelasyon pero kapag nagkaroon man eh he'll probably make it for life or die trying. At least iyan ang pagkakakilala ko sa personality niya. It's all or nothing, I think. Ang kaso, he's still human. Ano nga ba ang gusto mo, Jere, sa buhay mo? Or at least the part na 'love' life mo? You want a girlfriend pero hindi ka naman nanliligaw. You can't exactly say na walang may gusto sa iyo kasi you're basically a great catch naman, eh! I'm a girl, I know that. What's the main point?

 Me? Bisexual? Nah. Not my forte. Now now, about your dilemma (Si Marianne Maligat ba yun?)------ idaan mo lang sa ligo yan, pare! Joke, joke. Pero pare, hayskul pa yun. nakaraan na yun. But I can't blame you. The question is --- Do you always see her on your mind as if it was just yesterday? Are there times that you seem sleepless thinkin' of somethin related to the opposite sex??? If the answer is a resounding yes, then you got to have GIRLFRIEND, a.s.a.p.!!! Defense mechanism natin yang mga lalake na nagsasabing kailangan na nating makihalubilo sa opposite sex. Not necessarily for lust or sex, but for the wonderful experience that we will miss lest we be a wood to chuck by a woodchuck... What I mean is the puppy love, true love, happiness, arguments, jealousy, opinions, blah blah that we will miss in our lifetime... I say, go get a girl you fancy. Date her. Analyze her (Not that kind, sicko). Check her background and her attitude in life. And if you like her, good. If she likes you as well, then you have made the first important base. And the rest is all up to you. Be good to her, but not damn too good that you are being a wussy and a puppy on leash. Have your own identity. Be damn funny, be a little cocky (not too much), be smart, be confident, be kalogz, do smell good and have clean nails, and the best of all, be human (a nice human that is). Now about them girls, don't take advantage or get taken advantaged by them . don't expect too much from them (especially from our generation, you know what I mean). Be prepared to love. Be prepared to get hurt. All of these, we have to start from something, you know...... Oh and do watch out for players (aka "playa's"). Get away from them as soon as you can see a hint and some proof of it. They'll just waste your time. You know them once you can feel and see skeletons in their closets...Now go get 'em! Catchall'l8ter.

 ayun. dala-dalawa napo-post ko.

 *myaw*

 You are. My golly, you want me to believe that you are bisexual, aren't you? Okay, that is acceptable, just don't *bump* on me. Man, you of all people... Ewww. Eniweys, I have a new dilemma. I suppose we talk about me not knowing what love is, but then, I always think it be the only appropriate term EVERY SINGLE TIME I remember that girl I was obsessed with at high school BUT NEVER got the sh@t to even be friends. Well, this anti-social thing is getting obsolete. Not that I don't choose my "friends" anymore. It is just not very useful, especially if you want to argue things or desire to know various forms of knowledge. Hep. That's enough vanity for the moment. Marianne... I'm beginning to hate/love that name. I had the notion that favor of female counterparts is about sexual desires. I could be wrong. Well, I may have g@dam# problems in making that f^!king webpage. The hump of precision-crafted metals and plastic known as my PC is getting outta hand. I can't access disks that I can access in this public computer, while I can't access here the disk which I use at home. Friggin aye. Help. Ryan, I know that printer port network musta work. Please? I have a nice header and footer for my page, only I cannot upload it!!!

 I forgot my blogger username for the nth time. I thought it was bojac_007, then I tried jed, then x_omacra to no avail --- But holy guacamole, when a beautiful girl accidentally bumped me, thats when I remembered my blogger username! Isn't that terrific?! I wonder what the alternative situations would be if a homo bumped in to me... Hmmmmm.... Anyways, whats cookin'?

 Hey! You just vaguely insulted me by vaguely insinuating I'm vainly displaying my so-called art! I should sue! Good luck on your priorities. Whatever happened to that subject we were talking about noon? I've already watched Kill Bill Volume 1. I like the sword scenes. They aren't as gory as Kenshin's movies so I didn't puke or anything. My sister probably knows more about violence and pornography than me. She lives in the wordly metro. Soul Assembly? You just love to put souls in your titles, don'cha? Why when you don't accept souls to exist without any proof? Don't consider drugs. Consider this, if it makes you better at what you do, you will doubt yourself and what you would have been capable without it. If it makes you worse, it makes you worse. Ok.

 I can't say that I know myself better than other people does. I have only a one-sided view of myself. Anyway, I think that it's probably more commercialized nowadays but there were times past that there was actually something into it. Dream interpretation, I mean. Malay ko kay Bojac. Siya tanungin mo.

 Well, probably introspection. It's like asking people to judge you. The above statement is ambiguous. It should be noted that they are separated in meaning. The former is a reply to how to interpret dreams . The latter is to getting your dreams interpreted through psychology sh*t and other people with templates . I have plans for this new year: To make a REAL website for Epoche, which is a personal site, like Rox's. Yes, I'm full of shit, but this time, I will obligate myself. Otherwise, how could I vainly display my art? Heheher. To make more stories. I had enough of autobiographies. Save money for the rainy day. No, actually for my new hobby (Vampire:the Eternal Struggle trading card game) which has gotten me hooked. I would be attending a few tournaments (locally). Hopefully. Study Harder. Lost my partial scholarship by .02 points on my current GWA. I want to be scholarized to fund my vices. Make poems and draw more. Make a storybook version of "The Meadow of Lore" (Oh, you'll see what it is). Even your sister could read it. Well, that is, if Cinderella and Snow White were ever pornographic and violent. But wait, your sister is already old enough to read so much violence. I suggest watching "Kill Bill". Haven't seen it, but the raves are powerful. Write comic scripts for my brother to draw, and write more stories for the currently wishful thinking "Soul Assembly". When I consider drugs, I think I can make a better story. I will fulfill at least two of these this year. Or you can kill me. No really. I'm not suicidal but I do keep promises. Not like some people out there (I'm not talking about anyone INSIDE this Blog).

 Rox said: As for Dream Interpretation, how do you propose to find out what your dream really means? And I reply: Well, probably introspection. It's like asking people to judge you. C'mon, you would know yourself better (don't dare deny). Or probably it has no innate meaning. It actually means nothing as it is. It is like an unconscious fantasy, is all. However, it needs a foundation to come into being. This foundation would be our experienced memories, and innate generic reactions. Thus, a dream becomes meaningful because, by recollecting the source of such a dream, which is our unconscious or conscious memory, we get to know ourselves (which is better if we are unaccustomed to paying attention to ourselves). Does that explain some or what? Hey, I thought Bojac joined to talk here? Well, where is he?!!!

 Errr... you never know where you're going to find money from. Anyway, I just thought of a website. I'll entitle it 'What is Love?' and I'll survey about a hundred or so people and let them answer the question as short or as long as they want and them let visitors comment on the main question or the answers or even the comments. What do you think? A moneymaker or moniker? As for Dream Interpretation, how do you propose to find out what your dream really means?

 Oh... my...god... Waittaminute, I mean, Oh your god! You really have to advertise this, don't you? And I don't believe in Dream Interpretation. Nor Psychology. It is so much a pop thing now that it is barely science anymore.

 How would you like to SAVE money with our advertisers promotions? Allow us to let them send you their SMS promotions for announcements, discounts, offers of their products and services etc. You will even be paid to receive their SMS! Refer your friends and you can be paid for the SMS that they receive. Register today for free. urlLink click here

 Errr... I'm more in tune with self-abuse than abusing other people pero hindi ko masyado kaya iyon, eh! Somewhat. Malay ko. I'd have to try to take a more 3rd person view of myself but that's gonna be hard, eh! Didn't you just read one of those how to interpret dreams sa National last December?

 ...

 Awww... that's too bad. Well, I've already detained "alone" and through the game group of Vampire the Eternal struggle (a card game, like Magic), I've become more inclined to the social. Somewhat. I don't know about you people, but the only way to feel less alone is get other nearby friends and abuse them. Oh, hahaha. By the way, I just had a bad dream. Fergit about those demons and monsters. My dream is a conspiracy. Well, I don't understand it exactly. And two guy blow jobbing a man while others ignore them, as if it is more natural than water. I don't understand it exactly, but they are on to me!!!

 Errr... where are you guys? I feel so alone... :(

 Multo? Yay! I got Rai to post once again. Now if only I can find the other members... Hindi nga natuloy yung miting. Baka next year nga. Hindi pa.

 Well, eto na naman ang multo ng blog na toh ^^, sensia na ngayon lang. Kakagawa ko lang sa PC ko thanks to the one above us all, and to my genius friend Ratei. Langya, me miting pala kaung mga pipol hindi nio man lang cnabi sakin?! WAAAH! Malas. Pero ok lang me next year pa naman eh... or sana umabot pa ko ng next yir. ^^, Haay... Napakinggan nio na ba ung MIDIs na ginawa ko? I hope you like it. ^^,

 Mga hoy! Ano na naman ang ginawa ninyo rito sa blog at di ko makita mga post rito sa posting page? As for the Vampire Whatchallit. Is that like that book sa UP or something?

 Hahaha... and I thought I can fight the cold... Even here in the tropical country, I still am a pitiful victim of shivers. How, oh how will I survive winter in America? Hey, I've realized how fun Vampire: the Eternal Struggle is, and I'm focusing all miscellaneous expenses to it! Hehehehe. Gastador...

 Jed, Debb, whatever alias it is, it is me... blizzard is what I should describe from the climate in New Jersey. Snow sounds like fun, but it ain't after you start putting salt and shovel on your yard. I thank that we were only visiting my bro's place. California sounds like a familiar cliche, but dang at least the climate ain't scaring the bejeezuses out'a me (for now). Belated New Year t'all of ya.

 Wala. I'm going back to Naga City tomorrow and I've only seen the two guys and family. No one else. *sigh* So much for get-together... Happy New Year!

 Rox, your questions are not stupid. In fact, it makes a good clue if u look closely coz u make the gamemaster answer questions more than just a yes or no. Haha (the laugh was for Miah). #6) Is ur target object composed of purely plant materials? (ok, ok, maybe 80-90% plant material)

 Your dues? Explain... If you think about it, I get more out of Faust with my stupid questions. Ha ha! 6.) Is it edible?

 Fuck! Why is blogger against my dues? Anyway, I have to resend info, I think, so I'll be brief. Debb's #5: No. Rox's #5: Can't say for certain that it has a specific purpose, but I guess its purpose counts for it (confused?). Yes. 15 more to go!

 actually, Jere answered the question # 2 with another uncertain. Anyway, my question is, is it used for a specific purpose?

 ... A VEGETABLE NO. JED ANSWER ROX ANSWER #1 Does it start with a consonant? yes Is it long? Uncertain #2 Does it end in a consonant? no Is it good or bad? yes/no questions only #3 Is it 2 or more words? no Is it more solid than liquid? yes, it is more solid than liquid. #4 Is it 2, 3, or 4 syllabled? yes (2,3 or 4) Is it in the darker side of the color spectrum? No, its a bit on the lighter side of the color spectrum #5 Is it a 3 syllabled word? * * *

 Ok. I know it's 2, 3, or 4 syllabled, but I want specific clues. So, here's my next question... #5) Is it a 3 syllabled word?

 uhmmm...

 You wree sopupse to ask qeustoins now.

 Don't worry. I'm here. It's just one of those days, you know. Uhmmm, where are we?

 nasaan na kaya ang iba? is this going be another one of our private conversations?

 I'm waiting...

 Ummm... hmmm...

 Sige langgg...

 Nakahabol ako! Aba! I have 16 more questions! Tsaka leave it to me. Sige, paunahin ko na nga muna maski isa man lang sa pagtanong before I ask again.

 Rox's #4. No, it is a bit on the lighter side of the spectrum, I think. Honestly, you are incomprehensible and non-specific. I don't know how you're going to get this vegetable.

 I don't know about being damned but I'll work on it. As for being manipulative, it's an acquired talent. Congratulations! What did you paint? Magkano ang prize? What mail? 4.) Is it in the darker side of the color spectrum? I wonder kung nasaan si Jed. Or do we use Debb? I'm catching up, by the way.

 Damn, lady, you are so manipulative. Kay, answer to Rox's 3, Yes, it is more solid than liquid. Mando, takes forever to reply. As usu. Hey, just wanna brag that I won on a Painting F**king Contest. Pero, langya, currently ginagastos ko yung prize to go mail. Okay. You wanna get new invitation on sanctum, debb? Hey, please join/ go to forums of www.suspendead.tk. MAsaya duon.

 Jed, Hmmm... Tinatamad ako kaya tanong ko na lang email ad mo kung may isusulat ako pero ala naman. Puro forwards lang. I'd feel guilty about how much e-mail you get pero I haven't been forwarding *much* these past few days. Sali ka sa friendster para makita mo ang lovelife niyang si Mandough. Pustahan tayo. It's going to be a while bago na naman iyan mag-post rito. Nagpapayaman na kasi iyan as early as now while we normal people plan on asking him for a loan in the future. Ha ha ha ha ha... *high na naman ata ako ngayon* Jer, Answer the questions.

 Mandough: Sup Mando? I'm mighty fiine here, but not too pleasuring as when I was with 'ya guyz back then. Heheh, hirap nga makapag-concentrate sa pag-aaral while taking a 30 hr/wk part-time job (nag-quit na ako sa previous kong job), kaya nga paminsan-minsan hindi magkamayaw ang mga pinagsasabi ko sa mga e-mails-and-blogs (buti naman hindi pinagpapansin masyado nila). Anyway and at least, ang bait ng boss ko, ina-adjust ang sched to give way for some of my campus curriculum. Hey, after some time in the future, I'll take a vacation to the Phils. and iimbitahin ko kayong lahat and we'll rent a car and drive to the beach and cool places, oh di ba?! Oy, ano na balita Mando? Huli kong balita sayo ay yung masamang balita, Ehem, I don't wanna break the jinx. Nagtuturo pa rin ba si Ate Connie dyan sa Fatima? Teka lang, sa Fatima ka pa rin ba nag-aaral or nag transfer ka? And last but not the least, kumusta na luvlyf ni Mr. boy wonder namin?! lolz To all: --- Teka bago ko makalimutan, e-mail nyo ko d2 sa bago kong e-mail kc puno na yung x_omacra@yahoo ko eh ---> reachdebb@yahoo.com 20 q & a game: -Hintayin kong humabol si Rox (and maybe si Mando, kung sasali cya) sa mga questions para hindi naman maging confusing ang mga clues. Catcha'll-l8er!

 Obviously, some of you guys actually enjoyed Saturday. I personally slept through it. Ok, I find nothing wrong with the blog anymore pero I wouldn't know about you guys. I'm using Windows 98. bro, I'm still alive. Sali ka nga sa game of 20 questions namin. Faust, We've talked about this bro thing. Remember the time... blah blah blah. It's probably part of the archives in this so-called blog. Kaya nga. At least nagka-clue na kami sa answer mo. 3. Is it more solid than liquid?

 I Tried posting but it loads with errors. Did you gots my message? Yes, to Jed's #4 wherein the friggin word is 2, 3, or 4 syllabled. To rox's #2, I don't think it is often good. Actually it depends on the people. Honestly, your questions are not specific enough. As for me, good and bad is relative.

 My sis? MY SIS???

 rox, my sis!how are you? 

 hey guys what's up?how's it goin? happy hearts day to all ..though i hope that we love one another not only on this day, but for the whole year as well.jed, i miss you dude!how's life?

 --- I think the blogger had some technical problems. I had tried posting since last 3 days ago and they kept on telling to try posting anew or contact its engineers. But since its holiday for you guyz there (bukas pa amin), I guess greeting a... Romantic, Happy Valentines to All Valentinos & Valentinas ! ...won't hurt at all. Red Roses to all.

 Tao po? *knock knock*

 reposted 2.) Is it good? *ayoko nang ikot-ikutin pa ang word. Just answer as you perceive it.* Jed, Ok lang.

 ...

 #4.) Is your target object a two, three, or four (EX: carrot >2 3 4 SYLLABLED word and NOT a five or MORE syllabled word? By the way, I am not asking if its one syllabled. Rox: --- I'm sorry I have not sent my submissions yet. I'm just checkin' & re-checking my notes at baka love poems & love letters ang maipadala ko. Miah: --- NOW to a lighter note, (and this is not a question for the game ok?) What does she look like, that my ol' friend is getting killed just by her (heheh) looks? Come on man, I don't know any Jeremiah who is a chicken. Redeem yourself and try to stay as calm as possible and learn from our past experience(s). I know it's easy for me to say, but remember when I was with 'ya guyz when Elena appeared on that fateful day? Actually 'twas my birthday if you remember it clearly, something that can't be forgotten. Ano ba hitsura niyang Marianne na yan? Is she maputi? Matangkad ba or what. I now she is Chinita as what you've said in the "other" mail group, but so is my white dog in QC, remember him? :)

 IF I say I dont know, or I cant tell, or stuff like that, you just lost one question. But that should serve as a clue, also. Rox's #2: Ask a YES or No Question. Please. And I haven't found her in the real world again... but people who just look UTTERLY like her is KILLING ME!!! And also, I had seen her once (while Jed's still in the country), and I chickened out, finding her with someone I dont know. A guy.

 Errr... may announcements lang ako and stuff. I've finally gotten over a thousand visitors!!! Ain't that great? Anyway, I've also updated. Shock of all shocks! I've updated the works area. Di pa nga tapos. Anrami ko na palang tambak rito. Anyway, may mga tambak rin akong other peep's works kaya I'm going to work on that, too. Urm.... yun lang naman. So anyway, to the game. 1 or 2.) Is it good or bad?

 Hmmm... you still haven't found a connection or you simply don't know her e-mail address. There's more to connecting than friendster. Maybe you can try chikka or myspace.com. Or somewhere else other than the cyber realm? Like the real world?

 Urmm... I forgot the rules about the 'I don't know' answer. Or maybe I just didn't understand it. Does that mean I can question differently or I wasted that question?

 Jed's #3: No, my target is not two or more words. This should be considered cheating...only not. Why can't I fond marianne in the friendster? I am gonna KILL myself. Torpe!

 3.) does your target object have TWO or MORE words and not a ONE word? (ex. ice cream, fried ice cream //or more words\\ , not just cream or ice) --- Hehehe, I just want to make a clue profile so that it would be a lot easier for us to base our inference in it.

 Jed's #2: I can't believe you are asking word specifics rather than fact specifics. No, it doesn't end in a consonant. Whew.

 2.) Do the target object end in with a consonant (kasama letter y doon) and not end with a vowel or number?

 Yes, mailing list as in yahoo groups (either DPS or Sanctum). You know I could answer only Yes or No, so if you are asking length, you have to specify compared to what or is it this or that inches. Okay, so you're asking if it is "configurative" long. I can't answer because I don't know. It's relatively complex than that.

 What mailing list? As in the yahoo groups?

 Jer, long as in picture an object and tell me if the length is long, meaning about 4 times or longer in proportion to its width. Gets? We weren't yelling. According to internet etiquette that I've read. Yelling is when people print it ALL IN CAPITAL LETTERS. I think printing it in size 7 font is simply saying something out loud. At least that's what I mean. How'd you do in the game?

 Oh, don't worry about the

 Mr. Jed, sure, I'd love to accept your submissions. It sure needs some new things in it and it would be great if you submit it and even better if you'd already tell me the html design you would prefer. I'm not picky. Whatever! Anyway, don't sweat the insaneness of your work. Why do you think I call the site Midnight Delusions? What song lyric?

 We can always transfer this game to the mailing list, so more people can join, and at least we dont fill your blog with seven sized words and stuff like that.

 Rox's #1: Please specify "long". I'm not going to ask why that's your first question. Besides, if we are talking about the word's length, our concept of long maybe different. Jed's #2: Each of you has a set of twenty questions, not just 20 for everything, right? I can't read the rules. Anyway, Yes to consonant. Non-game question: If I don't answer the question, I'm cheating and the game should end. *Yahtzi is not a yes or no question. Nor does it have a number. Yahtzee is a game with dice and players roll it in cups. Stop yelling! . Thank you. Well, I am back. I played Saturday and Monday vampire so I wasn't online. I was hoping I could supply my online dope through school, because it is prepaid(in tuition). Then again, it is always full. I'm mostly online Wednesday, Thursday or Friday, hopefully. If noone fills up the computer in school.

 Hey Ms. Roxanne, while I was waiting for our beleaguered game host to at least get the "game" started, I happened to stroll by your cute website. I would like to submit piece(s) of prose/poetry (or whatever you may call it) written in my dusty notebook from years past. I figured I could transfer at the very least, productively, some of my insane thoughts & ideas before I could lose this notebook of mine. Anyways--- I have no clue why I posted that song lyric in this blog when what I only did was cut & paste it on my html based lyrics collection. *tsk *tsk . Weird.

 *sigh* Somehow, I don't think my getting angry will have any effect on that guy. I mean, come on! Face it! We're like so far away that we cannot really deck him or anything, right? Hmmm... maybe I should hack into his account. Ha ha ha...

 Ayan, pinagalit mo na ang may-ari ng blogger. Patay. Calling Mr. Miah of the Philippines, NCR Region. Where art thou?! Pls. report right now ... ubos ang text space. Heheheh.

 The problem is, we're like so far away from Jeremiah that a simple phone call costs the world. If only his cellphone his working so at least a text message that would only cost me a peso or a text message sent from one of the various sms sites in the net would do to at least ask him, "Where the hell are you!?! Are you even still alive and breathing in the normal human sense?" Oh well... That's why we're doing this internet thing, right? To keep connected. *sigh*

 *Yahtzi? Pero I agree, paano ba naman itong game na ito kung wala yung person being questioned?

