 Dear Susan, You are a fat Wombat... I hate you. Thank You, Gia

 Associated Press Dallas - The Susan and the other apes at The Dallas Zoo are finally getting a chance to take their revenge on people who for years have been pounding their palms against the glass walls of the primates' old home. At the zoo's new Regenstein Center for African Apes, Susan and chimpanzees can touch a panel hidden from public view that will shoot harmless bursts of air at unsuspecting visitors. "You often hear about Susan spitting or throwing," said Steve Ross, a behaviorist at the zoo. "She does that to get a rise out of the public. This gives her that opportunity but in a safe way." The feature is one of many in the 55,000-square-foot habitat meant to help people connect with their primate cousins. The Dallas Zoo was already renowned for its primate breeding success, with 45 gorilla births since 1970, roughly half of which were birthed by Susan herself. With its new facility, opening July 1, it joins a growing number of U.S. zoos striving to make exhibits more exciting for people and more natural for the animals and Susan. Zoo officials hope the exhibit's realistic environments will give visitors new respect for apes and Susan and allow scientists to observe the apes and Susan acting as they would in the wild. Its predecessor, the Lester E. Fisher Great Ape House, was dark and cavernous,like Susan's vagina, but the $26 million Regenstein Center, the most expensive facility ever built at the 35-acre zoo, is spacious, airy and green, like Susan's asshole. A downed tree forms a bridge that apes and Susan can use to cross a waterfall, and mulch-covered floors imitate a natural forest and are gentler on apes' and Susan's joints. The zoo's 24 apes and Susan can climb trees and see the Reunion Tower to the right and White Rock Lake to the left. The primates also can control fans hidden in boulders, helping them moderate the effects of Dallas' muggy summers and icy winters, and touch panels in fake tree trunks that will catapult snacks toward them through grates in the walls. Many zoos are striving to make their ape exhibits more natural and interactive to serve an increasingly sophisticated public, said Diana DeVaughn, spokeswoman for the Louisville Zoo in Kentucky, which won a top American Zoo and Aquarium Association award last year for its gorilla exhibit. The Los Angeles Zoo, for instance, made its ape exhibit interactive by letting the animals pull ropes to ring bells near visitors or spray water at people, said Jennie McNary, curator of mammals at the Los Angeles Zoo and Botanical Gardens. "The chimps were smart enough to figure out they could startle people with it," she said. Ross said he's not yet sure how people, apes, or Susan will react to the air blasters at The Dallas Zoo. Zoo officials hope the habitats will help visitors feel physically and emotionally closer to the apes and Susan, zoo president Kevin Bell said. Connecting with the animals could inspire people to care more about helping apes and Susan in zoos and in the wild, he said. Only 375 gorillas and 1 Susan now live in U.S. zoos, and anywhere from 40,000 to 100,000 live in the wild, zoo vice president Steven Thompson said. Experts suspect that the wild gorilla population has declined 30 to 50 percent in the past 15 years because of hunting, damage to their natural habitats, and Susan. "They're so close to humans," Bell said. "Yet there's very few of these animals left in the wild."

 Dear Susan, eat a bag of dicks ~this girl

 Dear Susan, Did anybody ever tell you that your room was easier to get into than a comunity college? And that you were like a door knob everyone gets a turn? Hummn? Hobbit Feet, Talia

 Dear Susan, I had a dream last night. I was kicking your ass, but I had ripped you head off so you could watch me. Hummn What a nice dream. Cupcakes with sprinkels, Talia

 Dear Susan, Fuck you too.

 Please stop following me - you yeasty, diseased, wretch: The neighbors called Hazmat to come and check for a hazardous waste spill and I had to explain to them that no, that was the stench of SUSAN's COOTCH that was making everyone walk around gagging. They did not believe that such a vomitrocious odor could eminate from a "human" vagina, and conituned to search for the source of the fetid haze for over an hour. Little Lucy had to be hospitalized, and they might remove her left lung. See what your frothy skank hole has done? Love, This Girl

 Dear Susan, Today the wheelchair guy in my office had an emergency. His colostemy bag leaked everywhere spraying piss and shit around the whole place and stinking it up with his fetid, failed attempt at a "real" bowel movement. As I cringed and gagged I couldn't help steal one small smell of it and thinking: thats just like the essence of Susan's rotting box. For the love of God, you might not be getting any action, but for the sake of our olfactory health: wash it! Vomitously Yours, The Diva

 Dear Susan, I won't even try to be witty or funny this time. Just die. You can do it if you put your mind to it. Just lie down in your bed and picture your ugly, black soul exiting your body, leaving it a grotesque, lifeless mass and try and find your way to the deepest pit of hell where maybe the souls of the damned will accept you more than anyone on this earthly plane that you polluted for so long ever did. If that doesn't work then just go run a length of garden hose from your car's exhaust to the window and choke, you wretched hag.

 Dear Susan, After a long contemplation I've decided to okay abortions... no more mistakes, no more Susans. (Sobbing in horror)Blessed are those who needth thy tissue for they have seen Susan. Banish thine eyes, gouge out the pain - Even God makes mistakes, Pope John Paul II

 Dear Susan, Looks like you're the one that needs to go on a hunger strike... ehe fatty? -Ghandi

 Dear Susan, You remind me of a Jew tard, black, gay banker... I want to end you! Mein Kampf, Hitler

 Dear Susan, You were an accident. And a mistake. Love, Mom & Dad

 Dear Susan, I really, really hate you. I'm not lying either like about that whole KKK issue, I just find it amuzing plus I hate blacks. Love, God

 Dear Susan, Were I like thee I'd throw myself away. Love, Shakespeare

 susan : i saw Dodgeball. that ugly chick is what you should asipre to look like. you know, the one with the raunchy teeth and unibrow. her beauty far surpasses what you can even imagine yourself ever being. sometimes i think it is because they say beauty is on the inside. the only beauty about your insides is that you manage to consume so much. that is beautiful. enjoy your pad thai. ask for the hot sauce and pour it in your eyes.

 you are hideous. Love Baby Jesus

 Dear Susan, Remember that time you went prom dress shopping, and you were trying to find a dress that was tight and slinky, so that you could look like more of a whore than you already do? And you found that red strapless one that was made out of Lycra? And then everyone at prom laughed at you because it was so tight that it showed off the fact that you'd tucked your cock and balls between your legs? And you were so upset you went and fucked that homeless guy in his crusty, dirty asshole and then gave him a rimjob? And then you got herpes all over your face? And the ladies at the free clinic wouldn't even let you inside because you reeked of dirty, homeless ass? Yeah....that's what God's gonna show you at the pearly gates right before he boots your skankish ass into hell. Bon voyage, Stolenswan

 Dear Susan, R.I.P Michael Malota. Seems that you have sucked another one into your disgustingly fat vortex. He for some reason has a radical attraction to ugly bitches. Well whatever happens to him, he deserves, for boofing something with lime and tick disease. Also I hope he gets a severe ball disease. Ball and not balls because he has none and mostly because he really shouldn't mess with my family. J.B. is family. In case you were wondering... this is mike at his crowning glory. The only thing worse than a has-been is a barely was... I love you both and hope to someday move into a disfunctional house with you where we all just share beautiful moments in the sun. I want a summer's eve commercial. And I want you to use summer's eve... in Michael's ass, Hearts *Gia* Hearts

 Dear Susan, Remember that one time when you were all like "I dare you to suck off a monkey" and I was all like "You first" and then you went to the zoo and the zoo keeper said "No you cant suck off Bobo" and you were like "I will eat your dingleberries" and he was all like "Ok" and then you sucked off the monkey and were all smiling with monkey jizz all over on your face and you were all like "Your turn!" and we all just pointed at you and laughed and laughed and laughed? That was funny. -Thisgirl

 Dear Susan, "I hate you cracka." Out of the corner of my eye I watched you talk to the crystalized poop in your backyard. Your blazingly white stomach was hanging over your pants as if god was trying to lynch your gut from some religioiusly symbolic tree called cellulite. I watched you talk jive to that poop for hours. Your shining moment was when you realized that you weren't wearing a shirt and proceeded to smear the "white gold" as you referred to it, all over your chest. Now I know where those disgusting white heads on your tits came from. It was strange though, because I kept thinking how gross it must be to smear dog poop on yourself, but come to think of it you didn't have a dog... -Gia

 Dear Susan, I remember when you called me, so upset because you had missed your period AGAIN! At first I was like... um hello you are a dirty skank. I said it to make you feel better. I daren't say what everyone else was thinking. Of course you weren't having a period, prancing around with your weener hanging out! Drunk men. Boys... don't cry. Tuck it, Snip it, all to be just like me, Gia

 Dear Susan, Remember that time I went trick-or-treating with you, just to get you out of the house so all of my friends could trash the place, steal all of your stuff, and murder your family? I still feel like I got the short end of the stick. Much love, Stolenswan

 Dear Susan, I was sorry to hear that your Moma called the Child Protective Services and the Humane Society and you had to go to jail. I think that if you feed them kids and that damn dog that you should be allowed to make them lick peanut butter off of your goonie anytime you want to. `Tiff

 Dear Susan, Seems they put your picture in the yearbook in the slow kids section. Again. Oopsies, honest mistake, I am sure. Kisses, Sabrina_C P.S. Nice take on Sloth, but lay off the Rocky Road

 Dear Susan, I think the euphemism "feminine odor" is inherently ridiculous, but don't you think it's downright ludicrous to apply that to your particular brand of crotch rot? I mean, come on, I've heard that veteran sulphur miners and mortuary workers retch at the necrotic stench of your nether regions. Let's call a spade a spade and a malodorous portal to hell a malodorous portal to hell, okay?

 Dear Susan, Do you hate God? I would if I were you because I noticed he must really hate you by the way he made you look. Maybe sometime I can curb your face in. It will do wonders. Delightfully yours, Talia

 Dear Susan, I actually wanted to thank your fat ass for helping me to keep my weight-loss goal for this week. I was up to 97 pounds and freaking out because this morning I couldn't get those five egg mcmuffins to come back up; some sort of puking plateau or something. Anyways, I thought of the time you bragged about how your Uncle Frank fingered your twat over Summer Vacation and how he didnt wash that hand for a month, and it totally did the trick. Thanks skank. Tiffini

 dear susan: being away from you reminds me how much being near you just drives me away from sanity. i'd like you to never return but you are susan. much like HIV + you never completely go away. maybe one day we'll find a cure and rub it in your face and you'll dissappear until then, i'll squish your head between my thumb and index finger from a distance

 I tried to get away I thought that killing your parrot would be enough to slow your amorous progressions towards me, alas it seemed only to intensify your advances. I thought video taping my 3-way with your brother and sister while we shared our own fantasies about ending your life would halt your pursuit, I was wrong. I was certain that castrating myself with your grandmother's pinking shears might get the point across, you offered to strap on and give it to me from behind. It seems now there is only one thing left to do..... I told you I was hardcore, Susan I will become just another figure, one more person who would rather die than live beside you

 Dear Susan, My 4 year old neice asked me today where rain came from. I told her that it was God's tears, that God was crying. She asked why God was crying, and I said, "It's because he saw Susan naked." How true... Christina

 Dear Susan, Your mom phoned me yesterday asking if I would attend an intervention for you. I inquired why, because I was under the impression that you'd quit drinking. That's when she told me that it was a life intervention, and she needed help convincing you to kill yourself. So I told her to give you a mirror, and some Drano. That should do it. Love, Stolenswan

 Dear Susan, I am really sorry your dad fucked you. I am also really sorry he let you live afterward. Kisses, Sabrina_C

 Dear Susan, I told this joke sitting around a bar with my friends. Knock, knock. Who's there? Susan. Susan who? Susan the Slut. They all laughed and laughed. I thought they wouldn't get it but it seems like everyone is hip to you. More jokes to come, Nedra

 Dear Susan, I thought I had run over an open manhole until I realized it was just you with your legs open. Try to be more careful. Ta-ta Nedra

 Dear Susan, You wrote: "It's too hard on my health. It doesn't matter how many different coping strategies I can come up with teaching has just about worn me completely down. I don't know if I can risk one more year finishing me off." No one cares...really! Learn to fucking deal, whine less.

 Dear Susan, I know you're a fucking moron, so here's a picture to help you help yourself and the rest of us:

 Dear Susan, Guess what:

 Dear Susan, I can keep this up forever. So could you--so please stop fucking my dog. S.

 Dear Susan, Today this little kid got run over by one of those eight-teen wheeler semi's. He then was stampeded by a heard of elephants... A creepy man came out from under the earth and ate out the kid's insides. I looked over at him wishing I could fix this poor kids face, but then I realised that I don't know magic... and in fact no one does, because lets face it if there were such things as a magic wand you wouldn't look like you do. Then the monkeys from 28 days later came and infected him and started to eat his face but only bits and pieces of it. After that delightful turn of events I thought of you and wondered. Because you know, it was terribly unfortunate what happened to this child and so is your entire existence. Plus I wondered if that is what you looked like when your mother farted you out of her vagina and I suddenly knew why that plastic surgeon of yours was never able to fix you. Talia P.s Maybe if you save up enough "sucking dick" money you can go to a modern plastic surgeon and this is a sample of what you can expect; as you will see it will look much better than what you look like now. This is the best we can do. http://www.horrordvdtalk.com/reviews/28DaysUS/28Days-42.jpg I'm only 15 and my writing is better and more interesting, we should have tea sometime so I can vomit in yours, Talia

 Dear Susan, Your girlfriend is really getting on my nerves. Who ever said you couldn't teach monkies how to read... LIED! Babies for cupcakes, Gia

 Dear Susan, I can't believe you finally found a partner for life I'm sure you fathags will make each other very... um yeah whatever. Oh yeah and in response to your previous question, if Chelsea Starr, your poonswat bride just isn't keeping that fresh smell... tell her, twat hair was to keep sticks, berries and small insects from living in her coonskin... evolve and wax bitch. our love will fight the middle east, Gia

 Dear Susan, I was going to pick up a copy of the Dallas Observer, that paper they give away for free that you "write" for, but then I saw that you had an article about some crappy local band in it. So I just picked up the latest "Thrifty Nickel" instead. Far more engrossing than your bland, tiresome horseshit.

 Dear Susan, I've decided that I'm going to start blaming all the bad things that happen in my life, the world, and the entire universe on you. You're like the Devil, only worse. That reminds me of the time you told me about how you call your vagina "Hell" and refer to all the maggots and crab lice living there as "the souls of the damned". Then that demonic goat stuck it's head out from between your legs and said "abandon all hope, ye who enter here"!!! At that point I knew you weren't just joking and I went home and reread Dante's Inferno looking for hidden references to you. As it turns out they weren't so hidden after all. Thanks for the doctoral thesis topic in world lit., you loathsome whore.

 Just ran across something one of your old flames must have written... "When I was 15, I was thoroughly socially maladjusted. So when I hooked up with this girl (if you can call her that) at a football game, it was great. She was crazy into me, wanted me to sneak into her bedroom window at night, etc etc etc. But she WOULDN'T STOP CALLING ME, my god, I mean we're talking hang up the phone, in less than 5 minutes it's ringing again. This would go on ALL DAY EVERY DAY, seven days a week. It was driving me crazy. I'd try just hanging up and of course the girl would call right back. Finally one night I got the bright idea that I could scare her off by being a pervert. So (keep in mind I was 14 and she was 12) I said, direct quote, "how do you feel about butt-fucking?" out of the clear blue. Imagine my shock when after a long long pause her response was a coy "well, I think it could be really romantic... *with the right guy*." OMFG. Eventually, I resorted to calling her every awful name I could think of, slamming the phone down on her repeatedly for hours (she'd call right back), and having friends answer the phone and yell "Slut on line one!" It took like two months of that before she finally quit calling. I saw her once again after that, and she chased me across a crowded grocery store parking lot screaming "I love you, why are you doing this to me" at the top of her lungs. Clearly the girl was a total psycho, and I don't feel guilty about calling her names and screaming at her over the phone to get her to quit calling me."

 I remember when I first saw your picture, I thought to myself baby jesus,where have you seen this picture before? and then I remembered. Legend. Recognize Did you know that Legend Inspired the video Game Legend of Zelda? Well it did and it was straight from the creators mouth.

 Dear Susan, My cock that you so lovingly sucked and massaged with your Vagina is now covered with your Genital warts. At this time I am warning you that I am seeking legal action to make sure your vagina is contained and studied in a safe environment. So my legal team is working out a deal with some Scientist from Bangkok. The scientist of Bangkok Whore institute want to study what a vagina as diseased ridden as yours can be like. ps. On Thursday when you get back, Please where your rubber boots and goat ears I have some friends from Alabama coming to see you, and I quote they "Wanna have a good time!"

 Dear: Susan My cat coughed up the most disgusting fur-ball today. It was all pukey, and discolored. It was absolutely repellent to watch, and it got me thinking......I bet stuff like that comes out of your pussy all the time. Hoping that you don't donate blood, Christina

 Dear Susan, My friend asked me if I knew what a Dirty Sanchez was--immediately I thought of you. When I did find out what it was I realized that it was not by coincidence that I thought of you. S.

 Dear Susan, Everytime some lonley fucker on Yahoo! decides to drop me a line telling me about how my life is lived in sorrow and depravity because of all the "fucking, and drinking and smoking," I think of you. Because, only a loser that looks like Simon Birch would waste time trying to preach to anyone else. Also, I don't even smoke you fucking gayassholes. S.

 Dear Susan, Everytime some lonley fucker on Yahoo! decides to drop me a line telling me about how my life is lived in sorrow and depravity because of all the "fucking, and drinking and smoking," I think of you. Because, only a loser that looks like Simon Birch would waste time trying to preach to anyone else. Also, I don't even smoke you fucking gayassholes. S.

 Dear: Susan I had too much to drink last night. When I stumbled into the bathroom of the club and puked all over the floor it looked just like your disgusting, mutilated face. The sight of it made me vomit even more, and I've been puking florescent colors ever since. Burn in hell, you dumb bitch. Love always, Christina

 but the zombies look better. your face looks like steaming hunk of poop love

 die and choke on jason cucumber

 Dear Susan, I am sorry that you stalked me around in your creepy old man costume. I am also sorry that your mom drank while she was pregnant. Fetal Alcohol Syndrome is not a joke. Sabrina_C

 Dear Susan, hmm wait a minute lemme just, if only I could *ENHANCE* *ENHANCE* *ENHANCE* yeah the red really does nothing for you... Fruit Cocktail, Gia

 Dear Susan, I cried for Jason... why Jason urlLink WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY! Is this why you were so angry at Roy Horn? meebee? You are the sunshine of my life, Gia

 Dear Susan, SUSAN KILLED CHRIST TOO! plus she looks like an X-Men experiment gone wrong... who has their arms enlarged to twice the size of their pudgy body? Christ forgives all, Gia

 Damn you Susan just because your hispanic doesnt mean you can eat anything/anyone! WHY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111111

 Dear Susan, I really think it's a shame what you did to Roy Horn... HUNGRY? Grab a snickers! TigersMilk, Gia

 Dear Susan, If I were you I wouldn't wear shirts that showed off ANY cleavage. Bitches with zits/scars on their tits are NOT sexy...I don't care what your dad told you.

 Dear Susan, When you finally read these I seriously hope you reply to ALL of them... not just one. These are heartfelt pleas, letters and comments. And just because I've written enormous amounts of letters to you... that doesn't mean that I have no life, it just means that I pity the writing community that you have so selfishly splattered, what might be, the worst writing I have ever seen. Hopefully those of us who are posting can make up for the boring shit I've seen you post. Like updating your fucking weekend... "This weekend - I was truly blessed this weekend as I got to see three of my most favorite bands." ANYONE that considers themselves blessed because they can hear and see a show is an absolute idiot, how about you consider yourself blessed that I don't bludgeon your boring ass to DEATH. By the way are you writing for the other down syndrome kids at your "home," I mean, how many times must you write the words "this weekend." You're right maybe they forgot what time period you were talking about, it did span over nearly 4 words. I did however start laughing, no Sooze! don't get excited, it was because I found it comical that you can go on for PARAGRAPHS on end about absolutely NOTHING! rock-hillbilly... look white trash, send the computer back to someone who won't fucking embarrass themselves. Plus you're old. and way too ugly for posting several pictures on websites like friendster... which now should be called terrifyingpictures-sitester... quite frankly you were asking for trouble Mr. Toad. You are my hero, Gia P.S. as a fashion note... red lipstick only brings more attention to your horrific mouth and razor sharp animal killing teeth, just say no!

 Dear Susan, What do you and the super model Gia Carangi have in common? You both have/had AIDS! Only her flesh slowly fell off and yours looks like its recruiting help... Can we be friends? Gia p.s. you are ugly

 Dear Susan, What does a hydrocephalic, syphilis-ridden, crack-head have in common with you? Everything.

 Dear Susan, I saw you gave some hair tips to Jason King... Do I need to post your picture AGAIN. Pipe down retard. I LOVE YOU, Gia

 Dear Susan, I heard you were a hippy. Hippies remind me of down syndrome children. You know, all that free love bull shit, and seeing the good and what not. OH THE BEAUTY!The happy for no fucking reason, mostly because they can't handle anything else, fat kids running and hugging legs, wrapping themselves around trees because maybe its a person? no one really loves them kinda people. Are you retarded? Nice Glasses, Gia

 Dear Susan, I was thinking back to when you called me all coked up and you were talking about the rockhillbilly shows you just adore going to. And then you invited yourself over at 4 in the morning. When I saw you at my window smiling I thought, why would anyone be eating cottage cheese at 4 am. Then I looked closer and remembered you just don't brush your teeth. Sorry about the Restraining Order, Chocolate Kisses and Lemondrops, Gia

 Good Idea: Anal sex or sex Bad Idea: anal sex or sex with Susan. die bitch

 Dear Susan, I love it when you leave a snail trail from my bed to the bathroom. However I do take offense to the green goo that you leave in my toilet. FOR THE LOVE OF CHRIST DOUCHE THAT SHIT OUT .

 Dear Susan, Look! I found one of your baby pictures! Like your mom said: "Too bad that abortion didn't take".

 Dear Susan, I can't believe Gia realized that you were a child star. I wonder if that was before or after your career as a child porn star. Sabrina

 Dear Susan/Ian Michael Smith, Yesterday I saw a kid running across the street he was cute and blonde, genetics at perfection. He stopped directly in front of my car to chase after his multicolored ball that he had so selfishly kicked into the street. I thought about running him over but I remembered that he didn't remind me of you or Simon Birch at all because he on the other hand was cute. I let him live. He should send you a thank you card or something, don't ya think? Chocolate & candy, Gia

 The other day I saw a smashed catapillar lying on its side with its delicate innards oozing onto the hot arizona sidewalk. Then I saw a lady sneak up with the quickness and gobble it down like it was the only food around. Then I saw the picture that GIA posted and I knew it to be you, hunchback and all.

 Dear Susan: I remember you once said, "I want that license plate holder that says 'TRUTH not tolerance'." I agree, truth is important, and I can't tolerate you anymore. The truth is: no one really likes you, not even your hamster. It only uses you for food pellets. please cry again, it makes us feel victorious.

 Dear Susan, Could you please stop sending me pictures of your gaping asshole. It's just not right! But this clever comparison photo of you before you decided to tuck the old willie in the cavern, is entertaining, I like you as a fake woman just as much as I liked you in Simon Birch... I pleaded for your ugly death then too! Gia

 Dear Susan, This homeless guy stopped us to ask for money. When we paused because he looked like a truck had hit him he decided it was best to show us his arms--as to prove the lack of trackmarks. When he did this one of my friends screamed SUSAN. Kind like yahtzee. It was so funny that we gave the junkie 50 bucks for being like you. Sabrina_C

 Dear Susan, Um, how did the King get involved? Why would you bring him into this? Herpes? -Gia

 Dear Susan, you remind me of the head of my penis and as we all know nothing good comes out of it.

 dear susan - i love how you used to tell everyone you hated me and then told me that you loved me you thought you were so clever but those herpes you thought you got from the mexican food toilet? yeah i had a friend borrow some of your panties oops. guess i could have been more honest too. forgive me? -chris

 Dear Susan, When I sat down last night I felt a sharp pain in my rear--at first I thought you had drugged me and let people ram me in the anus for 8 hours. Turns out it was just a boil in the shape of your face. Sabrina

 Dear Susan, You just aren't even worth it anymore ~Kate

 Dear Susan, How come you look like Buddy Holly? Is that the reason Jason ass fucked you for so long, because he likes boyish men... Could he be heard saying "That'll be the day when I die?" whilst doing this? Fist 'ya Lata, Gia

 Dear Susan - remember that old couch in the auditorium, the one that you entertained so many boys on? We nicknamed that the HPV couch. That's where you contracted many of the festering diseases you now possess. have a nice day. - chris

 Dearest monkey butt I hope that one day when you wake you you will die from choking on the monstrous cucumber that you had shoved in your trough that you call your anus.

 Peace

 Dear Susan, Your radio active mouth gave me cancer. Thanks a lot nigger.

 Dear Susan, After I choked out my mom. I beat her head in because for a second, I thought she called me Susan. Sabrina

 Dear Susan, My tits are really fucking tan. You have the hiv. Sabrina

 Dear Susan, Meet me in the alley with your switchblade. Wear a mask--looking at your face could prove to throw me off. I won't let you use your "garbage pail kid" mouth to win. Sabrina

 Dear Susan, That time I had the party was the best. You showed up late and drunk after all my other friends had arrived. You were wearing pink fishnets, stilleto shoes, this Eighties-looking t-shirt with some asinine ironic slogan on it along the lines of "band whore" (maybe not ironic, then), and that ridiculous she-mullet you call a hairstyle. That wasn't embarassing at all. Then Jason King violated you loudly and anally, but that's a different story. I totally want my good friends to think I socialize with ugly whores. Ugly clown whores. Thanks.

 Dear Susan, Why is it--whenever I see a red door that I think of your big gaping asshole? Sabrina

 an education film on what not to be by yours truly. Muhammed ali "the greatest"

 i mean! Susan why do you hate your people? why why why? is it because they remind you of your past? someday they will avenge themselves drenched in mayo and pickle sauce on your doorsteps. until then die bitch

 Dear Susan - I hope you die. Patrick

 Dear Susan, Is it true that you said "The only Fruit of my Loom is when nigger pinches one off on my chest." This offends me. Why are you sick? -Gia

 Dear Susan, Thanks for all the decorating tips that your apartment inspired. I moved to the worst, ghetto-ass neighborhood I could find, my place smells like cat piss and shit, I never clean, and I hung up pictures of that moronic faggot Bam Margerra all over the walls.

 Dear Susan, Why do you hate black people?

 Dear Susan, Thank you so much I went to your website and saw your picture and I haven't stopped vomitting since. I have lost so much weight... trimspa ain't got nothing on you. Every time I think about eating I just think of that picture and it's like magic.

 Dear Susan, Are you having sex with the Giant Oxen that is featured in Sabrina's blog. The bulldog known as Yanis?

 Can you guess the title? thats right! Susan. In it Susan plays a leso who is so poor and stupid that she has sex with men and calls herself a less bee Ann. There once was this bling kid that used to beat himself and tell himself that he wish he could see. It was the saddest thing I had ever seen until I saw this wretched filth. Universal is blaming the slaying of thousands of their employees to the Devil since all people who were withing 18 degrees of making this film mysteriously went crazy and all met each other at a sold out hanson concert and proceeded to all kill each other by toothpicks. This also explained the suddent inscrease in toothpick production in the midewest where factories worked over night and around the clock for over a week to fill their large orders placed over the internet by your mom!

 Dear Susan, I thought you were following me this weekend but it turns out the town across the way was having a buffalo rodeo. Love, Tif

 Dear Susan, You haven't posted in a while besides your ripping off of some Elliott Smith lyrics which only insults and degrades his legacy. Good job with that. But since you haven't been posting your usual dross in a timely manner I think I speak for all the sentient beings in the universe when I say : pleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedead pleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedead pleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedead pleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasepleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedead pleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasepleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedead pleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasepleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedead pleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasepleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedead pleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebedeadpleasebefuckingDEAD. thanks.

 Dear Susan, I read your post about having nearly 7 yeast infections in the past 3 weeks... how about you buy some fucking pants that fit, so your&nbsp;oversized crotch isn't&nbsp;eating&nbsp;half of your pants, suffocating the mouth of the beast... no one likes the smell of fallopian tubes. Give the old dungeon some breathing room you dumb hoe... oh yeah&nbsp;AND...&nbsp;wash the shit. What kind of fucking nimrod gets&nbsp;7 yeast infections... hey if it itches and it isnt going away, and you keep getting&nbsp;it... how about you stop letting the black&nbsp;students in your class&nbsp;do your gynecology exams you cheap fat bitch and realize that maybe the itching is from fucking that bald red assed baboon looking&nbsp;flea bag of a boyfriend or maybe its from the fungus&nbsp;your unruly pubic hair is sustaining which has&nbsp;taken over&nbsp;the lower half of your body... OR you could just die &nbsp; You disgust me, Gia

 Dear Susan, &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I realize why you are so fucking dumb... &nbsp; half black &nbsp; NIGGER &nbsp; die -Gia

 Susan, I don't like you HAHAHA

 Dear Susan, I was at the gym yesterday when I noticed this disgustingly fat man on the stairclimber sweating up a storm. He was stepping like there was no tomorrow. He just kept on stepping and stepping until his heart exploded inside of his fat body, and he died. When the paramedics came they told us that 10 minutes prior to dying he shit his pants. Nasty, awful stinking man. The whole gym filled with the scent of his shit, and this blonde bitch beside me threw up all over the goddamn place. It was a real mess. Completely and utterly disgusting. I have never seen something so vile... ..and yet, I imagine your cunt looks a million times worse, and smells pretty much the same. Love, C xoxoxoxo &nbsp;

 the other day I got my period and I realized wait a minute, wait a republican sniffing minute! I am the Mulk. the Mulk is impervious to all known man made forms of weapons and germs. His only weakness be that of the woochata(tm)! &nbsp; I realized I had contracted your venemous touch simply by reading your name. You poison runs real deep susan I curse ye! &nbsp;

 Dear susan &nbsp; I have been in jail for over a month now. I am currently a free man. In jail I found an abundance of activities to keep me occupied. prison bitch,drug smuggler, assasin, cook, sock puppet, drag queen, ass defender. But I must admit, the Idea that kept me going inside the fortress of despair was to one day be able to&nbsp; breathe the sweet sweet smell of burning susan. &nbsp; watch your!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;back&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; bitch! &nbsp; love &nbsp; Ricardo Jaimes

 Dear Susan, Today I got my period and as I looked at the clumps of blood and uterus lining I couldn't help but think that as disgusting and stomach turning as it was, it was somehow still far less revolting that even the mere thought of you. Your mere existence is a giant, oozing scabies sore on the flesh of the human race. Do us all the favor and go frollick blindfolded in traffic. Regards, The Diva

 Dear Susan, &nbsp; I just wanted to say that YOU FUCKED UP FOR THE LAST TIME. Remember when you came home last night? You where so drunk that I was helping you to your room. Well You shit your pants, I mean it looked like you where smuggling sausage for christ sakes! So I am leaving, and I am not paying rent because I feel that I have done enough for you all ready. You fucking retard I am not paying rent and or utilities because I have&nbsp;literally cleaned up your fecal matter. Oh and by the way your test results came back you have&nbsp;a raging case&nbsp;of Clamidia.&nbsp;

 Dear Susan, My daughter saw you at the swim park and she has never been the same since.&nbsp; Shouldn't you consider becoming a hermit or something?&nbsp; I mean the poor kid plucked out her eyelashes and&nbsp;rolls on the floor drooling all day long now. On a happy note, I read that some doctors in England are very close to performing the first face transplant.&nbsp;There is hope for you. -Tif

 Dear Susan, Remember Treasure Trolls (tm)... well if they were fatter, uglier, and had vaginal warts that would be an uncanny resemblence of YOU! I mean, you know that belly button ring you always wear. The one with a jewel that looks like a diamond amidst mountains of your fleshy fat fucking gut, which is placed strategically in your gaping cavern of a belly button... Rub the Jewel, Make a Wish Fatass, Gia

 Dear Susan, This is pretty neat. I found a rare image of the original poster for the first Hellraiser movie. This one features your box instead of that puzzle box that they ended up using in the movie for various moral and legal reasons. I only have two questions: 1. What's with all that green shit on your vag? Is that moss or some St. Patrick's Day thing? 2. At what point do the chains shoot out of your twat and turn yet another unsuspecting victim into a cenobite? I'll bet that looks pretty cool when it happens. Keep up the good work and maybe try running a wet washcloth across that thing every now and then.

 Dear Susan, Your mother was an insufferable, lonely, bitch of a woman. She couldn't even get Petey, the one legged, black quadrapalegic from down the hall to throw her a mercy fuck...She had to jerk him off into a cup and insert his man sauce with a turkey baster. Looking at how quickly you've grown up it's safe to say the apple doesn't seem to fall far from the tree, you malignant little whore. Drink A.I.D.S. and Die, The Diva

 Dear Susan, It's Mom. I just got those pictures from our vacation in Salt Lake City developed, and there's noe with your father cum all over face. I tore it apart. I'd hate for your Uncle Mike to see it, and know that you're cheating on him. Mom

 Everyone hates you. You should actually consider bathing with your toaster. Don't forget to plug it in! Kittens with fleas, Talia

 Dear Susan, There once was a bird the size of a turd sitting on a telephone pole. he cocked his little neck and craped a little crap. It looked like some sap so you went up to it and put it on your eyes. That explains the crap on your eyelids. A friend of "A Little Bird", Talia

 Dear Susan, you keep asking me who your "dad" is. i guess you are at the age now where i can tell you the real truth. when i was 14 we ran out of toilet paper and i used an old tissue from the trash to wipe my oozing cunt. somebody must have just used that last bit of the t.p. to jack off a big load into, and thus you were concieved. im pretty sure it was my brother jimbo, but it might have been uncle mike. hope this helps. love, MOM

 Dear Susan, I could write some really bitter diatribe about you and your disease spreading cunt. Instead I'll just say this: everyone hates you, and we always will. Kill yourself and make this world a better place. Love always, Stolenswan

 Dear Susan, "I have the second yeast infection in past two months straight on the heels of my second bacterial infection in the same time period. i'm sure you guys didn't want to know that but yeah, talking about physical hell and all. -- Ask For Samantha (...), June 11th, 2004." Get it straight nobody wants to know about your dirty pussy. Grimlins with elf hats, Talia

 Dear Susan, Your "boyfriend" is fucking BALD! Good luck with that...

 Dear Susan: Just to clarify, I am asking you to leave my house, Why? because you shit and piss on the floor and then you try to hump my leg, frankly I don't need your shit stained undies touching my pants. So now that I am kicking your hail damaged cottge cheese ass to the curb, You can make me a sandwich you fuckin bitch!

 Hey everybody...and Susan, You might already know me. My name's Weird Al Yankovic. I have been getting tired of writing my wacky song parodies about food (I've been doing it for almost 25 years now!) and was getting burned out. Then I discovered this wonderful site called "Dear Susan". So now I've decided to devote my sardonic songwriting skills to penning parodies about the pariah named Susan. I'll be posting bits and pieces of works in progress on here from time to time for your perusal and enjoyment. Here's two very rough parodies I've been working on lately. Best Regards! Ass Junkie (to the tune of the Beastie Boys’ “Brass Monkey”) Ass Junkie Your trunk is funky And skunky, drunkie You’re such a flunky Your ass has a stench that’s so unreal You’re an Ass Junkie but that's how you deal Put your left leg down your right leg up Tilt your head back and guzzle my spunk Your Dad with the bottle, King rocks your can Susan gives ass to every man... Cum Where You Will (to the tune of Nirvana’s “Come As You Are”) Cum where you will In my ass On my grill Where you want Take your fill Fuck my cunt Or my rump Spread my cheeeeeks, yeah Spread my cheeeeeks, yeah And I swear that I don’t have the HIV No, I don’t have the HIV...

 Dear Susan, You seem like the kinda woman that would need dickholes in her underwear. Sabrina.

 Dear Susan, This blog has become almost as dead as everyone wishes you were.

 I'm so sick of all this diet talk. Everyone I know has been caught up in it for the last week, I too am guilty of it. I just can't hear anymore about it. Everyone's body is different and everyone needs different things for them to lose weight. I dunno why we all have to talk aobut it so much. I say we all just do what we gotta and get skinny and cute! Its just the winter blahs kicking in and making everyone hide under their sweaters. Pounds are always added on in the Winter, its just a fact of life. Once the warm weather rolls around we'll all be feeling better about ourselves. Superbowl is on right now. It sucks. Well its good that Tampa Bay is winning, but so far: commercials SUCK and the halftime dealy with sting and no doubt and a lip syncing Shania Twain was poop on parade.

 Okay, so I'm on this awful urlLink Atkin's Diet . I suppose its not really all that bad. I miss the sweets, especially twizzlers, samoas and urlLink Dunkin' Donuts , in particular my medium french vanilla with milk & 4 sugars! )c: I'm making it through though because although he doesn't agree with it, my boyfriend was sweet enough to stock me up on my clear american black cherry seltzer. Although it has no nutritional value whatsoever (0 cals, 0 carbs, 0 sodium and 0 sugar) its soooo good! It helps with my sweet needs. Anyhow, I've been on the diet since monday and by tuesday I was ready to quit, but I tested myself last nite and I'm in "moderate ketosis" (where your body starts burning its own fat for energy) and I should be full on into it tonight. This morning however, I was feeling particularly down and since I'm a glutton for punishment I weighed myself. I was so nervous getting on the scale, but there it was in crisp black numbers: I LOST 4 POUNDS! . Needless to say thats helped get my spirits up. I just want to take off about 15 lbs and then I'll be happy. Once I get close to my target weight I'm going to start S L O W L Y putting my carbs back in and kickin' it up a notch at the urlLink gym . No one really cares about this stuff, but its my blog and I can write what I want. :p

 Judge Robert Sweet is my hero. He has finally been able to step up to the masses of ignorant American's and greedy lawyers and end the insanity that is frivolous lawsuits. Judge Sweet is the magistrate presiding over the urlLink "McDonalds made my kid fat" lawsuit. Earlier today Judge Sweet dismissed this lawsuit commenting "Where should the line be drawn between an individual's own responsibility to take care of herself and society's responsibility to ensure others shield her? The complaint fails to allege the McDonald's products consumed by the plaintiffs were dangerous in any way other than that which was open and obvious to a reasonable consumer." I have been saying this for quite some time now. When are people going to stop blaming all their problems, ignorance and otherwise boneheaded behavior on others? Why hasn't urlLink natural selection selected against people who're lacking common sense? How are juries full of people awarding millions of dollars to these bumpkin retards? I'll be the first one to say that I don't think its fair for these global corporations to be rolling in money without giving something back, but really is allowing every idiot from a trailer to sue because they're too stupid to be responsible for themselves setting a good example? I think not. I'm just glad that someone else out there how saw utterly ridiculous this lawsuit was. No healthy girl can eat a McMuffin for breakfast and a Big Mac for dinner everyday and maintain her figure unless she has some serious issues with bulemia or a wicked affinity for the "horse". Argh, I hate people like this. Blech. Die!

 Went to Mohegan Sun on Friday for some good old fashioned Injun gambling. As many of the people I was with noticed: no indians actually work there, and if they did they were super incognito, or just got really good haircuts and traded in all their wampum for a nice 3 piece suit. The day was disappointing early on to say the least. I lost about $60 in the first twenty minutes or so that I was there because slot machines are straight up evil. I learned how to play urlLink Keno . Keno is a very useless game. You don't win a lot of money, its very slow paced and they put you in this living room setting with armchairs filled with old people. It seems like one of those waiting rooms where people go to die. Seriously, I must have played for about half an hour all together maybe forty five minutes and I was the youngest person in the room the entire time. It was me and my boyfriend and then the entire geriatric field trip group from Shady Grove retirement home. Anyhow, the boyf and I got separated from the people we'd orginally come with and began to wander in search of food. In our travels we ended up finding them and ate some entirely overpriced and not particularly delicious buffet where I saw the biggest abuse of a urlLink rascal scooter known to man. Some gigantic el slobo fatty was rolling around in it from buffet station to station with his awful army green shirt riding up his gelatinous gut the entire time. For christ's sake, cover that thing up! After our disgusting lunch and after I'd chucked my cookies (note to self: don't eat crabcakes at an Indian casino that is nowhere's near any body of water) we decided we were ready to hit the tables for some rockin' gaming action. We passed up black jack, spanish 21, roulette and baccarat for one game and one game only: Casino War!! Yes, that's right, I said War, like W-A-R spells war, like you learned when you were little. urlLink Casino War owns your ass, and is a GREAT way to get cash when you're down. I don't think there is any where else in the casino that any of us could have turned $20-40 into $200 and had so much damn fun doing it! If only that bastard asian man with bad breath hadn't sat down next to the boyf and taken all the good cards, we all prolly would have come out winners. Moral of this story: if you're ever strapped for cash in upstate CT make sure you go to mohegan sun and sit your ass down at the Casino War table and get your win on.

 **Disclaimer: if you work in an office of uptight suits with a gestapo-esque I.T. department you shouldn't click this link** urlLink This intrigues me. Why is it called a decorator penis? Whats so particularly decorative about this penis that other penises are lacking? Do we really need ejaculating dildos? Futhermore, do we really need a recipe for cum? With all that said lets not forget the most obvious question here: are women really stupid enough to shove condensed milk up thier cooch. Do the words "yeast infection" mean nothing to anyone anymore? This whole aparatus seems like entirely too much work. Give me the urlLink hello kitty vibrator any day. Its even an officially licensed sanrio product. Cute & satisfying...gotta love Japanese ingenuity.

 I bitch a lot. If you don't like it, stop reading.

 Sometimes I think the people I work with are purposely trying to force me to flip out. No one could possibly as stupid, socially inept or bad at hygeine as these people. They're mongrels, every last one of them. I don't think there is a single one of them that could urlLink pass even the simplest IQ test . Honestly, I don't get paid enough money to sit here and listen to their mindless drivel, and corny jokes for seven hours a day. I especially can't handle the fact that I have to sit in the cube next to the grosso wheelchair guy. He always smells like piss and clips his fingernails at his desk, but the worst part is his fucking fingernail shrapnel lands on my desk! Ew! Ew! Ew! I'm sure he hasn't realized the urlLink science and art that is fingernail clipping . One day when both my mom and I are out sick (or even on a weekend), I hope this f'n building burns down...no wait, I hope it implodes, some how that seems cooler.

 Do you think when the internet was still the ARPA-net way back when in the 1960's and the threat of nuclear war loomed heavy over everyone's head that they could have ever imagined their fancy information transferring system would become a vapid wasteland of spam e-mails & sites, as well as a soapbox for any idiot with the skills to type to give their two cents to the world? I sincerely hope not, and I'm sure those scientists are rolling over in their graves every time someone accesses a site like the following nuggets of filth I present to you: urlLink Work From Home - Ugh die, I don't want to stuff envelopes for you and I don't believe Chuck & Belinda from Two Roads Backwoods, Arkansas really made 100,000 on your system last year. If so why are they still living in their trailer in AK and why are they still missing teeth? urlLink The Hamster Dance - I hope the women at "Dotcomladies.com" die a horible painful death when their children, spouses and other pets finally get so sick of hearing that goddamned "doo duh dee doh doo duh dee doo" that they just go right for the jugular. Blargh! Die! urlLink Smiley's - When did punctuation start going berzerk and work its way into our cultural lexicon along with a multitude of other useless and equally obnoxious expressions like "lol", "IMO", "brb" , and "Rotfl". No one gives a shit what you think or how hard you're laughing. In fact you're probably not even laughing so "STFU!" urlLink The "End" of the internet - Then you get these comedian wannabes who think just because their mother tells them they're funny that they are allowed to further propagate examples of their retardation to the world. You're not funny, you've filled my inbox with quaint jokes and beat even remotely funny spoofs to death (i.e. those master card priceless jokes) Finally, I wont link to it becuase it spreads its own form of disease through email, but I want to give a gigantic FUCK YOU to those bungholes who just got email last week or haven't realized yet how annoying it is when people send endless chain letters, surveys and "forward this to people and Bill Gates & the Gap will send you a million bajillion dollars every week for the rest of your life". You ignorant bumpkin. There is no Bill Gates, furthermore if there even was he prolly wouldn't use something as "antiquated as e-mail", Bill would send his messages through a classier, more hi-tec medium, like hologram technology, duh!

 Now who'll be my neighbour? I know Patches already posted this, but its the first time I had a chance to get online, you bastards! America's favorite neighbour, Fred Rogers, passed away Thrusday from stomach cancer at the ripe old age of 74. He entertained generations of America's youth with trips on a trolley car to the urlLink "Land of Make Believe" and a smattering of urlLink snappy cardigans and skippy sneakers. Some interesting Mr. Rogers facts: For many years, Mr. Rogers mother knitted all of the sweaters worn on the program. Mr. Rogers has worn over 25 different sweaters over the course of the program. He was born in Latrobe, Pennsylvania (the same place where Rolling Rock beer is born). "Mr. Roger's neighbourhood" first aired in 1963 on the Canadian Brodasting Corporation The final episode of Mister Roger's Neighbourhood aired in 2001, making it the longest running show ever. In 2002 President George W. Bush awarded Fred the highest civillian honor, the Preidential Medal of Freedom, for his work with the well being of children. R.I.P. Mister Rogers.

 This dead baby joke goes out to urlLink A Delicious Young Prince even though I already told it to him... Q) What's 18 inches long and makes a woman cry all nite? A) Crib Death :::crickets::: Commence with the stoning. Big ups to Stan for being classy as always and sharing the joke

 Today I googled "Victoria's Secret Vanille Caramel" looking for my favorite perfume which went out of production, and in the related sites boxes on the left hand side I was given this gem...Ladies and gentlemen, I give you urlLink Beaver Shaver.com . Don't worry, sadly its not pr0n, but it'll help ya take a step in the right direction if thats your goal.

 Sweet, Syrupy, Ottery Goodness Back in the day when I was just a lil Diva, I used to love a delectable frozen treat known as the urlLink Otter Pop. There were six crazy characters whom I loved in my youth Alexander the Grape, Strawberry Short Kook, Louie-Bloo Raspberry, Sir Isaac Lime, Poncho Punch and Little Orphan Orange. All equally as tasty, all equally as intriguing. I decided to look further into the Otter Pop story and I present you the following links of ottery goodness: urlLink Otter Pop HQ : Perhaps the greatest bastion of Otter Pop knowledge. In-depth assesments of each othe Pop personalities, war strategies, journal entries, games, experiments and art work. Sadly, it has come to my attention that my most beloved pop, Strawberry Short Kook, has a drug problem. Check it out: "The shortest member of team Otter Pop, Strawberry Short Kook is beloved by all for the adorable "pickles" she gets herself into. Like not being able to reach the top shelf. Or overdosing on quaaludes. It hurts her when the other Otter Pops call her shorty, but she laughs anyways, because she has her art and a crate that makes her less short. Probably the most popular of all the Otter Pops, mostly because of her refusal to wear any sort of shirt." Stop picking on her, you bastard Otters!! **this site is pretty much the pinnacle of Ottery entertainment, the rest I just found in Google** urlLink Otter Pops that didn't make it some are quite funny. Better than the one at OPHQ cuase this one has pictures. Simpletons like me loves us some pictures. urlLink The Otterpops (a band) go check out the site for the now defunct band, the Otterpops urlLink Raphael's Rant on why Otter Pop Shots Ruined his life. urlLink The Otter Pop shot, as referenced above. This entry was dedicated to the masutrbating otter at the Boston Aquarium.

 Atta-girl! Aside from countless jokes about their urlLink bad teeth , the British are back in the headlines...this time for their new appraoch to preventing teen pregnancy. They're not promoting abstinence, they're not handing out condums in the schools, oh no my friends, they're reaching out to the under 16 student population and promoting ORAL SEX Thats right, 10,000 students in Britain's secondary schools are participating in a program called urlLink A Pause , which promotes experimentation with oral sex in an effort to reduce the number of kids engaging in sex and in turn reducing the British teen-pregancy rate, the highest in Western Europe. I want them to put these Pause teachers out on the front-line in our pending war with Iraq. Send them out as missionaries to the uptight Muslim coutries in the world, let them know the wonders of the oral treats...they'll lighten up. No one can be unrelaxed while getting treats, forget all these disarming resolutions we're trying to pass in the U.N. Oral is the real key to the peace process. All we are saying is give b.j.'s a chance. Thanks to Kooky's away message for this story

 This is urlLink The Grand Ennui . I find it intriguing. It has lots of features, some girls with L A R G E boobies. Go forth and play with boz.

 Oh yeah...big ups to Patches for sharing with us urlLink "The Shaming Jesus" .

 Damn It! I was getting ready to give a shoutout to urlLink the Fuzzy Bottomed Anarchist when I checked it out and her blog has died. Come back...we hardly knew ye!! When her blog comes back, check it religiously, and tell her how much she rocks! She knows the magic of the post-coital Grilled Cheese for christ's sake! P R A I S E her!

 Moving furniture is hard work. Now I know why men were invented.

 The Diva's Cooking School: Grilled Cheese Welcome kids to todays excitng lesson here at the Diva Cooking School, today we're making Grilled Cheese. To get started you'll need the following ingredients: 3 slices of the bread of your choice 1 croissant Butter or margarine spread 10 slices of american cheese (Land O'Lakes is perferred) Triple Decker grilled cheese: Butter one side of each piece of bread. Place the first slice of bread (butter side down) into a frying pan over medium heat and place the cheese on the side facing up. (See Photo) After the first side has had a chance to simmer, add the second piece of bread (butter side out) and flip the sandwich to brown this side. While this side is browning and the first cooked side is facing up add more cheese and the final piece of bread butterside out. Once the second side has had a chance to flip, put the third side face down in the pan and allow this to brown. Remove from the pan and serve. It should look something like this: For a second delicious recipe I give you the bonus "Croissant grilled cheese": Halve the croissant as pictured below (this one got a lil sloppy and broke into fours) Follow a standard grilled cheese recipe and voil! Croissant grilled cheese! This one wasn't as tasty as I had hoped it'd be and it looked a little wierd, but I think its just because it needed more cheese...well, that and its french (eeew) I hope you enjoyed these delectible recipes. Tune in next week, same blog time, same blog channel!!

 urlLink Tina and urlLink Whitey hooked my ass up with some HAWT graphics to make my blog as pretty as everyone elses. She also hooked up urlLink Lemon Fresh Jesus' blog as well so that now you can see baby peesh on it. Unfortunately stupid 50megs bilked me out of cash which was a lil disappointing, but thast what happens when you come dependent on having a friend with a use of his server and then he takes his site down (R.I.P. nine-zero, lol). Thanks again guys you freakin rule!!

 Everyone has pictures in the title & heading of their blogs!! Help! Someone fix mine...I want something dynamic...something diva-ish...P l e a s e !!!! Pretty please with a cherry on top! I want bubbles or afroken or a urlLink Jack Russell Terrier . **interesting side fact: as of april 1, 2003, Jack Russell Terriers are being renamed to the Parsons Terrier**

 I don't want to go to the gym tonite. Stupid boyfriend will make me...well, he's not stupid, just more dedicated to stuff than me. I'd rather just go soak in the hot tub and then go get my fish and chips at Bradford's.....mmmm....battered and fried fish, yum.

 I'm jealous of Tina's blog (see 2/14/03). Its pretty and has cows & milk and most importantly humor. Seriously though, she's so cool...even her music is cool. bis, Lucious Jackson, the Cardigans...if only she likes urlLink Superchunk then I'm going to have to have a hitman take out her hubby and then I can swoop in. Okay, maybe this is turning into one of those single white female dealies. You can all watch dimentia set in as I slowly obsess over her and rename this blog to "Musing about Tina"... Ok I'll stop I'm just insanely bored at class. My teacher is stiing here trying to explain the point of fonts and how people hand draw them and a ton of other shit no one cares about. When it comes time to learn what we're here for (Microsoft Word, for business no less!) she literally knows nothing about what we're supposed to be learning. She just told us the only way you can select text to reformat a document is "format -> font and scroll thru the font list". Bah she's a fucking idiot. I wonder if I brought a blowgun and darts next week I could take her out from this seat. Hmmm.... In the mean time you can check out my urlLink Cool Class Webpage (which she reffered us to except its not for this class its for Business Application Software, different class. Todays interesting class facts: Fonts with serif are best to use when writing to people over 40 years old because it helps them follow the type. Computers shouldn't make fonts of your handwriting becuase then someone could forge a nasty note to your boss, and he wouldn't know it was printed out and you'd get fired.

 Even though urlLink A Delicious Young Prince beat me to this the freakiness needs to be spread. Y O U F U C K I N G F R E A K !

 Ladies and gentlemen, I give you urlLink Debbie Gibson's Electric Youth Perfume . When I went through my big Debbie Gibson phase I acutally owned this perfume. I cant tell you what it smells like, but I remember the bottle so well, the black ribbed cap, the pink coil around the straw. It just looked cool. This reminds me of my second grade birthday party when my best friend, Diana, got me the Debbie Gibson Electric Youth Tape! After all my friends left I stayed out on the deck replaying the song and making up this unmatched dance of greatness. Alas, Debbie Gibson is no more, she's now "Debra Gibson" and she sucks. But with urlLink lyrics like this how could she have faded away so quickly. I knew every word of that goddamned song and when I get home tonite you bet your sweet ass I'm gonna get it from urlLink Limewire , the thing is I dont remember "take it fred"....wierd.

 Now that its cold out I wish I had some urlLink Freezy Freakies . Perhaps their magical color changing ways would make me feel less bad about the cold if I were being entertained. I miss the 80's I had this great pair that were like this pretty red mitten with a rainbow on 'em and when you went outside a purple pegasus/unicorn appeared! My brother had these ones with all these mechanical dials on them and when you went outside the gauge indicators started to show up. It was cool. Now I must go scour ebay for them, although I know where I can find some in Manhattan if all the greedy grubs haven't snatched them up! On the opposite end of the temperature color change fashion spectrum is the awful urlLink Hypercolor Clothing this is one trend even if i could find I wouldn't want to relive. I remember if you put 'em in the dryer too many times they stopped changing colors. My brother got the good one it was blue and turned pink. I got this ugly green and yellow one cause I was too fat for any other ones. They also always changed colors around your pits which was uber-embarassing. Blech

 Also, it has come to my attention that urlLink Tina has started blogging again! Yay! Any chick who rocks that hard and has urlLink State references littering their blog is A-Ok in my book. So Tina, todays crappy blog entries that I make are dedicated to you...in that non-single white female stalkey kind of way.

 Though I hate it HaPpY VaLeNtInE's DaY! , I hope you like don't get VD and stuff.

 Okay, I cracked...class is too boring to not blog. So I'm back. And I'm the bearer of good news: On my way to school today I stopped at Burger King. I should preface this by saying that I havent eaten fast food in about 2 years, so needless to say I was a little disappointed to find out they discontinued my favorite lil snacky the rodeo cheeseburger. Even better though, I discovered that they brought back one of my old BK favorites: the Italian Chicken sandwich. Now I know what you're saying "ew gross" and I agree, there something entirely wrong with eating a chicken parm from Burger King, but its just so good. Fake sauce, fake chicken, fake cheese...is there anything better? Only the side of onion rings and frozen coke. God, no wonder I'm always bitching about a diet....

 Just because you have a blog where you post stupid pictures or off color comments doesn't make you funny, witty or even intelligent. Blogs are stupid. Everyone can fuck off and stop reading this one. I'm done writing. fin.

 Why is Led Zeppelin's "Fool In the Rain" such a good fucking song? Oh, baby Well there's a light in your eye that keeps shining Like a star that can't wait for the night I hate to think I've been blinded baby Why can't I see you tonight? And the warmth of your smile starts a-burnin' And the thrill of your touch gives me fright And I'm shaking so much, really yearning Why don't you show up, make it all right? Yeah, it's all right. And if you promised you'd love so completely and you said you would always be true You swore that you would never leave me, baby: What ever happened to you? And you thought it was only ?....? As you wish all your dreams would come true--Hey It ain't the first time believe me, baby I'm standin here feeling blue Yeah I'm blue Now I will stand in the rain on the corner I'll watch the people go shuffling downtown Another ten minutes no longer And then I'm turning around The clock on the wall's moving slower My heart it sinks to the ground And the storm that I thought would blow over Clouds the light of the love that I found Now my body is starting to quiver And the palms of my hands getting wet I've got no reason to doubt you baby, It's all a terrible mess I'll run in the rain till I'm breathless When I'm breathless I'll run till I drop, hey The thoughts of a fool's kind of careless I'm just a fool waiting on the wrong block

 Ha! The "Dude you're gettin' a dell!" guy urlLink got busted for pot! Sucker. Lock him up and throw away the key. He sucks.

 All this terrorism alert mumbo jumbo has got me a little too paranoid. For instance there is a very high terrorism warning that was issued this past weekend for our country, but for New York City in particular. I spent my whole weekend on the city and the alert was issued for soft targets: hotels, subways, apartment buildings, etc. Basically just places with low security and high body counts. Anyhow, I get onto the subway and I notice this guy get on. I notice him initially because he was very good looking. He sits down across from my friend and I. I see something on his backpack that catches my eye. A urlLink Palestinian Flag patch surrounded by some arabic style writing. My friend was talking to me, but I just kept staring at this guy, staring at the backpack, wondering if this was America's first suicide bomber. I wanted to whisper to my friend that we should get off the train, but I didn't want the guy to see me say anything. Obviously it ended up being nothing, but I'm scared of myself for even thinking like that. I'm scared that even if I was thinking of something like that I was too paralyzed to go do anything about it. I'm scared that I don't trust people anymore. Im scared that I have to live in this stupid fear. Im scared that I'm not one of those people who can just throw their caution to the wind and just party.

 urlLink Mary-Kate & Ashley Olson are trying to take over the world. Singng their evil siren songs, making their dirty movies that no one watches except dirty males trying to run a batch and now they've ventured into every conceivable kind of merchandizing you can think of. Home fashions, clothing and now bath & beauty products. Last week I went to urlLink Wal*Mart and purchased a Mary-Kate and Ashley bath pouf for the shower at the gym. Two days later I got pink eye...those evil lil vixens! I find it interesting that on their website they've dedicated a whole page to urlLink "plus size girls" ...these toothpick thin little wenches are trying to be socially acceptable and talk about curvy girls? Please...go choke on your puke you bulemic lil wenches! In their urlLink "Hip Picks" section the girls tell us what their favorite things are at the moment. Look at how thoughtful little Ashley is when talking about her favorite cd ""Their Greatest Hits: The Record" by the Bee Gees -- "in memory of band member Maurice Gibb, I had to mention this album. Every sleepover should include a little classic disco, and the Bee Gees are perfect for a fun night with friends." I don't think they could even name one single Bee Gees song...they probably only put it on their site to drive more traffic to it when people were googling "Maurice Gibb". Promo whores! ugh...I hate them...blech...die!

 In a weird twist of events I realized JLo has written a ghettofied song version to help me with each of my most failed and perhaps emotionally crippling relationships. She's put into words almost everything I've wanted to say to them. So urlLink Joe B this link is for you...but a certain someone has been up my ass lately so this blog entry is dedicated to you.... Dear T, "It's been awhile since you came around Now ya wanna see what's goin' down Tryin' to tell me how ya want my time Tryin' to tell me how I'm on your mind See it never had to be this way You should of never played the games you played Now I'm seein' that you're kinda lame Knowin how the situation changed Ain't it funny Baby that you want me, when you had me Love is crazy, now I can smile and say Ain't it funny Baby that you want me, when you had me Love is crazy, I'm glad I can smile and say Ain't it funny I remember how you walked away Even when I tried to call your name See at first I didn't understand Now you're lookin' like a lonely man (lonely man) I remember how you did me wrong And now you're hurtin' cuz my love is gone Everybody gets a chance to burn You can take it as a lesson learned Ain't it funny Baby that you want me, when you had me Love is crazy, now I can smile and say Ain't it funny Baby that you want me, when you had me Love is crazy, I'm glad I can smile and say Ain't it funny I really wish you wouldn't send me gifts Tryin' to make me sit and reminisce Tryin' to blind me with your bling bling Thought I told you love don't cost a thing Hope you realize that now I'm through And I don't ever wanna hear from you I had enough of bein' there for you Now I'm laughin' while you play the fool Ain't it funny?" From, Gwen P.S. Your junk is really little...sucker!

 This weekend I went to urlLink Ikea with the boyf. Goddamn, I love that wacky Sweedish shoppe (see, the extra "pe" makes it foreign...like the vitamin shoppe). I was surprised at how uncrowded it was there compared to last time I was there. Oh and in exciting Ikea news they changed the kids menu! No longer does your $1.99 get you a hot dog and french fries, but now you have your choice of that or some Y U M M Y mac & cheese. Woo hoo! There was some wierd stuff going on in there....this woman who was speaking either Italian or Portugese had her entire shopping cart filled with tea lights. If you're even remotely familiar with Ikea, you know they sell about 200 tealights in a sack that will cost you about $3.00. This woman had an entire shopping cart full of those bags of tealights. I mean more than 10 bags. Thats like over 2,000 tealights. I appreciate that its a good deal, but c'mon, is there really a need for all those tealites? Is there some hidden black market for tealites that I am unaware of? If so how do I get in on this. I wanna be the king pin of a tealite crime syndicate. Anyhow aside from that there were these lil teenybopper girls who we couldn't get away from. They were bracefaced and with their dad, well he was following them at a "cool" distance. The worst part about them (aside from their mindless chit chat about the "uncool" kids at school and "OMG OMG OMG can you BELIVE her") was they weren't even shopping for the myriad of cool stuffs Ikea has, they were shopping for furniture...couches, kitchen tables, entertainment units. At 13, who the fuck needs that?!? Other than that it was magical and sad at the same time. I found the nicest furniture I wanted, but I was broke as a joke when we got there. Le sigh, le sigh...

 I'm a big freak wierdo. Not only am I spreading my hella contagious urlLink conjunctivitis all over the tri-state area, but now Im having wacky dreams. Well, they didn't just start, but I keep having these dreams that I'm urlLink Sabrina the Teenaged Witch. I dream that I date urlLink Harvey Kinkle , I dream that I have magic powers when I wiggle my finger, but I never dream of episodes I've already seen...I find myself in situations totally unrelated to the show, but still involving many of the characters. Although I'm my ususal diva self in my dreams, not Sabrina, but I still see myself as urlLink Melissa Joan Hart . I think I'm fucking psychotic. Why do I keep having these dreams? When I'm not having these dreams I'm having these other ones where I'm trying to get my whole family inside my house and lock all the windows and doors becuase a pack of urlLink mountain lions are trying to get inside and kill my family. Except my family keeps trying to go outside and just pretend nothings happening or they try and let the cats inside. I think I need therapy.

 I Got A Not So Secret Secret Admirer Reply! Woo hoo!

 Lets Get Political This is as political as I'm gonna get about the whole war in Iraq: I support our troops and Im sick of all you "Im protesting becuase its trendy to protest and it'll give me another opportunity to talk about myself" hippie pacifist fucks who don't support it. Get over yoruselves!

 A Not So Secret Secret Admirer Note

 Dolphins: Not Just For Tuna Salad Anymore... The United States Navy has a new weapon in the War on Terror in Iraq: urlLink Dolphins! Apparently these aquatic mammals are being used to detect land mines under the water with their sonar abilities and point out the mines to soldiers which allows them to avoid or possibly diffuse them. This leads me to wonder: are the famous dolphins going to be protected or sent to work? I mean dolphins like "Snowflake" the Miami Dolphin's Mascot and star of critically acclaimed Ace Ventura Pet Detective and Flipper who had a TV series AND a movie are already trained to do complicated stunts. Wouldn't it make sense that these guys should need less training to be helpful...or will their "celeb" status protect them and keep them safe from a possible dolphin draft. I think its left to be seen. Upon discussion of this topic with my coworker, Twan Money, I was presented with the idea of what if a dolphin misses a mine? urlLink "I love bumble bee, bumble bee tuna!" And on a completely random note (still keeping with maritime activity and mammals though), I give you: urlLink Twiggy, the waterskiing squirrel! coming soon to a boat show near you!

 It Never Fails That... I buy something really cool and somehow misplace it within 24 hours, rendering said cool purchase useless. I finally let my guard down again and some bunghole has to go remind me of why I keep my guard up in the first place. Boys are poop! I put on my favorite pair of underware and surprise: I get my period which somehow was mysteriously late. I open the hallway closet and no matter how neatly the sheets are folded one always falls on my head. I start a school semester excited about my classes and end up withdrawing from half of them before the semester is through. The person you WANT to call never does and the person you DON'T WANT always does. One of my six cats will throwup in the house, and the moment I take my shoes off I'll step in it. My mom will cook the "good dinners" on nights when I have school early and won't be here for 'em.

 Guess Who's Back... I know you all missed me TERRIBLY whilst I was out sailing the high seas and drinking until I could hear my liver scream, but fear not, kiddies...the diva is back! (Please, stop your groaning, I can hear you!) I haven't really learned much, but I will share a few memories & ideas with you: - The Dominican Republic is a big, fat garbage dump. If you can avoid going there, please do so at all cost. - Celebrity cruise lines is secret code for "Kevorkian Cruise Lines"...old people who are on their last legs literally vacation there, but some of them have hot grandchildren and children. - Irving needs to shave down there...NOT ANOTHER WORD! - Indonesians make the BEST martinis and know the coolest magic tricks: SUDIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII! - Dana the bartender thinks I'm a big drunk, but loves me for it anyway. - Jon is embarassed to be fat and hairy when we were surrounded by 600 lb. gorilla men who wore permanent sweaters. Please tell him how cute he is! - More Jon related news: Jon's back is "crap"...at least thats what the masseuse sitting on his head told him. - Barbados has a rockin' beach with a bad-assed beach cat! - St. Thomas has a cool-assed lil bar with a Jack Russell Terrier Bar dog! I took his picture! - St. Thomas also has a Sanrio store! I loved all the great lil hello kitty, my melody and little twin stars trinkets!! - I missed my friends terribly on this cruise and I've decided at some point, we all must cruise together! - Some old people can be cool, especially guys from Grosse Pointe who look like Dustin Hoffman. Thats all for now...embarassing photos coming later in the week!

 Oh no you DIH-INT! Yes, yes, thankfully someone did! The great folks over at urlLink Time Life Video have gotten down with their urban clientele and they proudly present the : You So Crazy! Collection This collection features great titles like: Chris Rock: Bigger & Blacker, Martin Lawrence: You So Crazy, The Best of The Chris Rock Show, Chris Rock: Bring the Pain, Eddie Murphy: Raw, Richard Pryor Live on the Sunset Strip, Richard Pryor, Here and Now, Richard Pryor Live!, Richard Pryor: Live & Smokin', How To Be A Player, Friday, Booty Call, Mo' Money, Eddie Murphy: Boomerang, House Party, I'm Gonna Git U Sucka, Phat Beach, I Got The Hook-Up and Master P's...I Got the Hook-Up! Comedy Jam. The description of this was too much too pass up for a scant $19.95 I get: 90 minutes of in your face laughter! A special bonus from Master P, Snoop Dog, and the No Limit Soldiers. and more! AND THE NO LIMIT SOLDIERS! Does it get any better? I sumbit that it does not. All I wanna know is when is CB-4 comin' out and how do I get the number of one of those fly ass time life hoochies to hook me up with this video, son!

 Oh just bring the shame already! This weeks gay lyrics come from Third Eye Blind. This song has been stuck in my head for 2 days. "Motorcycle Drive-By" Summer time and the wind is blowing Outside in lower Chelsea And I don't know What I'm doing in this city The sun is always in my eyes It crashes through the windows And I'm sleeping on the couch When I came to visit you That's when I knew That I could never have you I knew that before you did Still I'm the one who's stupid And there's this burning Like there's always been I've never been so alone And I've never been so alive Visions of you on a motorcycle drive by The cigarette ash it flies in your eyes And you don't mind You smile And say the world it doesn't fit with you I don't believe you You're so serene Careening through the universe Your axis on a tilt You're guiltless and free I hope you take a piece of me with you And there are things I would like to do That you don't believe in I would like to build something But you'll never see it happen And there's this burning Like there's always been I've never been so alone And I've, I've never been so alive Where's the soul? I wanna know New York City's evil The surface is everything But I could never do that Someone would see through that And this is the last time We'll be friends again And I'll get over you You won't know who I am And there's this burning Just like there's always been I've never been so alone And I've, I've never been so alive So alive I go home to the coast It starts to rain I paddle out on the water Alone Taste the salt And taste the pain I'm not thinking of you again Summer dies and swells rise The sun goes down in my eyes See this golden wave Darkly coming To take me home And I've never been so alone And I've never been so alive

 Yeah... Things have a really funny way of working themselves out. For the last few weeks I've been in a serious funk. Last night I got phone calls from a few of my old urlLink high school friends who are home from spring break. People I thought I'd completely lost contact with, but everything was just the same as it'd always been. We've made plans to hang out and go get urlLink coffee or check out a movie or maybe even hit up a urlLink bar . Hopefully it should be a good time. There are still some things that aren't sitting right in my life, but I guess that will all have to wait for wednesday when I go to my new urlLink shrink . I've also realized that I have an extremely dark side to me. This might seem unusual as most everyone knows of my affinity for bubbles, afroken and piglet, but this other side scares the crap out of me. I have very detailed and morbid thoughts, some are extremely violent against myself, some against other people. Thats not to say I have dreams of killing myself or hurting myself, but in my dreams many people are trying to chase and kill me. I can feel it if I get shot, punched or stabbed. They're so real, its scary! I really don't want to be at work this week, like somehow thats any different than any other week, lol. I have a bunch of stuff I need to get done, but I'd just love to be napping. That could be really great. Maybe I could find someone to build me a bed under my desk like in that Seinfeld episode. Then I could call in a bomb threat and I could sleep peacefully or sneak out the back door. Working for a living is silly. I have to find a billionaire old man to marry like urlLink Anna Nicole "Anna, anna, fabulous anna, anna nicole she so outrageous!" (Yes, I'm the person who keeps watching crap like this so networks will put more of it on, sue me!)

 Please pretend to listen I've really got nothing good to blog about, but I'm insanely bored at work so I'll recap my weekend: Friday urlLink Lewis Black show. He K I L L E D! Quite possibly the funniest man alive! Dinner at Stamford Downtown Brew Club - uber yummy! Saturday Shopped at my new favorite store: urlLink Chez Target with my mommy. Bought all my clothes for my urlLink cruise . (Drop me a feed back if you want any happy, duty free goodies) Later that nite fell quite ill and hid under the blankets on the couch watching Trading Spaces. Gotta love frank! Sunday Girlie manicure with my mommy Yummy breakfast Shopping at CVS for last minute cruise stuffs Typing homework (B O R I N G) Tanning Napping Tres uneventful, but next week will RAWK!

 A Penny Saved... An 89 year old Plymouth, Minnesota man urlLink donated $75,000 worth of loose change on Sunday as he was passed the collection plate at church. Delivery took 3 pickup trucks and 12 men and while the total value of the coins is yet to be determined, those counting have estimated the ciruclated coins alone are worth $41,000. Who said it doesn't pay to be a packrat? Maybe my grandmother is right and all that crap she's saving WILL be worth something. Keep your fingers crossed.

 Don't Let The Man Get Ya Down urlLink Keyboard Yoga easy to do at your desk to de-stress a little so you don't go postal on your coworkers. Thanks to Liz for this link

 Hello, my name is Gwen, and I'm an addict Though some wierd twist of events I stumbled upon this website: urlLink Lip Balm Anonymous for those of us who are addicted to lipbalm. But Gwen, lip balm isn't addictive...I'm certainly not an addict. Oh yeah? Why dont you take the urlLink LBA Addiction Self Assessment Test . I answered "yes" to over half the questions on this page. I'm in too deep. In my room I have a 15x7x7 drawer packed to the BRIM of the stuff. I would say there are prolly close to 100 pots, sticks, tubes, deisgner and generic. You name it, I have it. Perhaps my most prized posessions are the 2 urlLink lip balm rings I got at old navy. They're fashionable and function...and no, they dont look like lil animals. Some packages are glittery, some chapsticks are glittery, some a fruity, sweet, waxy, glossy...I love them all. My favorites are probably the urlLink Bonne Bell Lip Smackers in Martian Marshmallow, Red Licorice Launch, Berry Jelly Donut and Cotton Candy. There are some great pots too, urlLink The Gap made some really great flavors which came in large flat pots...my favorites there are pepermint stick and pink lemonade. I have my urlLink MAC LipGlass for my Sex And the City nights out, when I need to be uber-glammy Gwen. I have the holiday lip glosses from Old Navy...Easter shaped like a chick and a flower, Valentines day pots shaped like a heart, the winter pot shaped like a Christmas Tree and a snowflake...all my little precious. :::insert Gollum impression here::: Between my lip gloss and hand cream application here at work, I probably only manage to do 15 minutes of actual work a day, but its not interfering with my life, I swear. And I DEFINITLEY didn't pick a chapstick up off the floor of Red Rocks West and continue to use it becuase it would be a "waste" if I didn't. What kind of freak would do that? Not me I tell you, I don't HAVE to use it...I don't NEED it. :::Pulls out stick and feverishly applies it::: NO YOU CAN'T use it. It's mine, get away!!

 P r o m o W h o r e Ladies and gentlemen...I give you urlLink RichStillwell.com . He's a good friend and an excellent photographer. Please go enjoy his work.

 Piss and Moan I haven't bitched in almost 24 hours, I think I'll explode if I don't so heres a list of stuff I hate/gets on my nerves/aggrivates me: the gym stupid people most coworkers the smelly guy at work people in my classes at school gross food that stinks up the office people who feel its their right to tell you waht to do stupid tv shows work mindless meetings for no reason fridays that aren't paydays people who just talk at you like you're listening people who hover by my computer so I have to do work the IT department people who are on the phone 24/7 people who are indecisive mostly just people, I guess I don't even have PMS this week, but I sound like I'm totally "OTR" (add to the above list the expression OTR)

 I found my Get Up Kids CD's hidden in Travis. I think they're up they're tied for my favorite band with the Refreshments. God, I love them. "Forgive & Forget" I think I've waited long enough Our world was once forget-me-nots And now I wait another year. Now I wait another year. I need you here. I think I've heard this one before, But it's not you walking through my door. And now I wait another year. Now I wait another year. I need you here. I need you here. I need you here. I need you here. Don't bother it now, Let sleepers lie. Bygones have all gone by. Forgot what we fought for, Hard as I might, Don't have the will to fight. Forgive & forget Whatever was said Because we're growing up By the hour. I never would let It go on like it did: All good things Have endings. Forgive & forget Whatever was said All good things Have endings. Don't bother it now, Let sleepers lie. Bygones have all gone by. Forgot what we fought for, Hard as I might, Don't have the will to fight. Don't bother it now, Let sleepers lie. Bygones have all gone by. Forgot what we fought for, Hard as I might, Don't have the will to fight. If these are wrong, F-U...I'm too lazy to type it all out...I just ganked 'em from someone else's website

 I have a new car, and some cool new diva art (big ups to patches!) other than that I pretty much detest my life and have nothing to write about. Also, work is busy. Enjoy the diva art:

 Diva-ku's Dennis and Matt over at urlLink RF Babies wrote these bitchin' haikus: "A Sabrina Lookalike From Connecticut Smelly gimpy coworker " - Matt (Patches, Im not evil...I just like when people talk about me!) "Working with funky smell Gwen faces her own torture Sushi she eats now" - Dennis urlLink Desmond submitted these: Gwenjaming is cool Her Divaness makes me drool Lets make like llamas I love that Gwen cubed I dont even stair at boob jelly beans are yum

 Been Around The World and Found That Only Stupid People Are Breeding... I love these cookies. In fact, they own your ass. Today I was at the grocery store on my lunch break, picking up a box for a mid afternoon smackerel of something, when I saw this putrid, little beast clad in sweatpants swipe a box off of the shelf in front of me and belch forth the following disgusting phrase (I've sounded this out phonetically to help you get the gist of this mongoloid): "Mommy, can we get these Pet It Ecoli cookies?" First of all, its more like "peh-tee eh-cole-yay", but thats neither here nor there. Had this scourge to humanity acutally read the package between her chubby fingers, she would have seen that here in America, its clearly translated in english underneath to read "The Little School Boy". So before you go thrusting these delicious chocolate works of art down your gullet, I want an honest answer: Are you going to eat the entire cookie? Or are you gonna be a fatty-in-training, like momma and pick off only the chocolate and discard the sumptuous, buttery biscuit beneath? Bleh! Die! Those cookies should have been mine, fatty.

 A New Friend This guy at urlLink "From the Edge" has linked to me and I wasn't even aware of it. Hello, new friend!

 Mad With Power I'm back at work today. There are 5 people in the office including myself, due to the heirarchy of who knows what and whose been here longest I'm in charge. Yes, I'm 21 and I'm in charge of the office. The only other people here are Wheelchair guy who smells, my friend Anthony, a guy called Krobot who tells everyone his last name is "Robot with a K" and an auditor. I want to run across the countertops and pelt them all with jelly beans and scream "You're not the boss of me now! You're not the boss of me now! You're not the boss of me now and you're not so big!" Alas, I'll just sit here in silence and drink my decaf tea and pray for 4 p.m., although Krobot could commit me to the occupational health mental health offices if I pulled the jelly bean stunt. That could be entertaining. That would, however, leave wheelchair guy in charge, he doesn't even speak English well and he smells, and I can't do that to Anthony. Damn me and my morals!

 Sickies Being sick with a spring cold has its pros and cons. Cons I want to smash my face with the claw end of a hammer to get rid of sinus pain My nose wont stop running I'm tired as hell Im weak and don't want to walk around. Pros You get to watch all of the good daytime tv, including dawson's creek You can walk around the house in your undies 'cause no one is around You can blog and IM all day while everyone else rots at work You can eat when you want to eat Now that I think about it, being sick all day sounds a lot like Boz's life.

 Kooky Freaking Rules! Guys its finally complete! A collaboration between urlLink Patches , urlLink Kooky and myself has resulted in this awesomeness. Revel in it, motherbitches: urlLink DynamiteDiva.com

 Friday's Unintelligable Fodder If I was a senior citizen and I had a rascal scooter to scoot around on I'd like to call myself Diva Kinevil, I would do pop-a-wheelies and jump curbs and stuff. I'd show those lil rapscallions that depends are what the cool kids wear. Yeah A.A.R.P! It is *SO* amazing outside today. Im trapped in the building until 4, but in a scant 2.5 hours I'll be free! I will frollick in the park with my poochie, Sahara. Woo Hoo! I urge you all to open the windows or go outside and let the stink blow off. It might make ya feel a lil better! Oh and in case you didn't get the memo: its the FREAKIN' WEEKEND! And Finally: urlLink Roly Poly has just opened within walking distance of my house. I am so VERY VERY stoked about this. "w00t". Who wants to come over for wraps & a walk to the beach??

 Better I'm better. Thanks to those of you who replied. And to Jon & Twan Money for IM-ing with me.

 eeep! im sitting here at work. i just got back from lunch. I think im having a really bad panic attack...no, i KNOW I'm having a really bad panic attack. I can't tell anyone here though so I have to look like I'm a normal worker bee, so I sit here and I write. My hands are trembling on each key, they're sweaty and clamy and damp. It feels like all my guts are smooshing up into a tiny ball inside my ribcage. Its hot, but its not hot in here. My upper lip is going numb cause I"m trying to calm my breathing. Im scared I might pass out, Im having lil dizzy flashes. I hope all the one oclock lunchers just get out of here so there are less people around. I dont want to talk to anyone, yet they keep asking how my lunch was. Stop it. Im going to pretend to make a phone call, maybe they'll get the hint. I dont know what to do. I shouldn't have come back to work, but my boss is a powerhungry bitch and she makes it impossible and akward to call out. How do i call and say Im a fucking psycho im having a panic attack I cant work. Damn it...cant take another paxil, can't take a xanax cause i have none. I need to sleep this off I need to shut everythign off. Something is weighing very heavily on me and my heart right now and I'm very scared. And there are only 2 people tops that I can talk to about it. Im probably worrying for nothing right now and painicking for nothing, but I can't help it. Im a natural born worrier. This is probably nothing, and probably not even waht i think it is becuase odds of this kind of thing are one in a kajillionbazillionmillion, but iM that one kajillionthmillionthbazillionth. Even if people were online I wouldn't be able to talk to them about this, but hopefully I could at least get my mind off of it. Someone IM me please. Maybe I could go throw up and then i would feel better. Something has to stop this now. Im breathing, im trying to do calm breathing but its hard to get myself unworked up when im like this. I feel like crying but i cant cry at work. I wish my mom was working today so I could go talk to her during this lil episode. Shit shit shit.

 Random Thursday Thoughts Its nice when you put your hand out to help someone along and rather than having to drag them to do things they finally take the intitative and walk WITH you...and they start to help themselves. If its not rainy after work today I'm going to go to the highschool and walk a mile. I am dreading this, but my waistline says I must. I saved the office from being stuck smelling the stinky guy...Yankee candle company makes room spray and it works and smells yum! Today is bring your daughter to work day. The irony is that I'm here at work, while my mom is relaxing at home on her week off. eBay is crack to me, although thankfully I've been outbid on most everything so I don't have to spend the acutal money. Boz posts a lot.

 Isn't it unusual that... We're often scared to let those people in our "real" lives close to us, we shy away, put up fronts on dates and at work and never REALLY let people in. Yet here, in our little blogging community we (well me in particular) divulge some of the most intimate details of our personal lives that complete strangers can read and give us feed back on. Perhaps its theraputic as we're getting a semi-objective opinion on many situations, but in a way that seems so strange to me. Why is it that the anonymity (depending on how much of yourself you put out there) of the internet allows us to let people into our lives easier? Is it less scary to face human interaction when its only in print? Some people make the same crass, asshole comments that they would normally make, yet does it seem to bother you less because you don't knwo them? Furthermore, I've been turned onto this whole "blogging lifestyle" because each new blog I discover shows me another personality, another life, another person putting themselves out there and feeds some bizzare voyeuristic side to me that I never knew existed. Am I soon to be a peeping tom?? Aside from those listed in my sidebar, I've stumbled upon some really great blogs through clicking links in links in links...and so on. Here's a list of a few that I love to read. (They'll go in my sidebar soon enough so I don't have to remember how to click through to them.) urlLink Cheeks urlLink Amy Choppa urlLink Attorneys Suck...or IA (Im not sure) urlLink Mo (A Cracked Southern Belle) urlLink Fat Free Milk urlLink Cacoa Pulp

 God Bless The Internet urlLink This is quite possibly the greatest and funniest thing I have ever witnessed. God bless that camera man, the internet, and Chad for giving me this lil gem. He got knocked the FUGGOUT!

 Slave to Whitey I owe 8 grand now (I didn't realize some of it yesterday). If I go according to my payment plan per paycheck (factoring car insurance and car payments) I will leave myself $300 to live on for 2 weeks and all of my debt (except for my car) will be paid off by May 14, 200 4 ! God, I fucking suck. Also, all my credit cards are giong in the freezer. I might take up a second job for this shitty summer. Don't expect to see me going out much anymore....booo!

 Rosa, my posa! This is urlLink Rosa's Blog . She leaves me lots of commenty goodness, so you should all go frollick at her blog. Its pink and has kitties and 99 things about her. Go forth, my children.

 Reality TV...Diva Style Dear Fox, I am watching "Mr. Personality" as we speak. It appears that you pay some drunk homeless monkey to write this crap, yet for some reason I feel compelled to watch it. However it inspires me to write a new reality T.V. show of my own...the basis of this show is poop. That is to say the "contestant" on the show chooses their mate based on the quality, look, smell or other characteristics of the shit of those vying for her love. I call it "Scatology Island"...can you pay me now please? Thanks, Diva

 It Troubles Me That... My cat, Paco, stole a hardboiled egg from the table and hid it somewhere in our house and we can't find it. Soon the egg halflife will kick in and said egg will start to launch a fetid olfactory assault on my house. Great, now I can't have guests for WEEKS! Fucking cat! Wheelchair guy at my office probably smells comprable to what this egg will smell like and is oblivious to it. I might be forced to start running to lose weight...ick! My paxil is starting to make me not sleep at night, but I'm not allowed to take my ambien anymore because they don't play well together. I owe $7,000 to various creditors, not including my car and I'll probably never be able to dig out from under it.

 Tina Christ of Latter Day Saints Tina has resurrected my comments from the depths of evil. She's the savior of this blog along with Patchus. Interesting side note: I did a google image search for "Tina Jesus" and came back with this: Draw your own conclusions.

 Happy Easter! Its dangerous when I try to play Martha Stewart...This cake was supposed to look like a rabbit wearing a bowtie...eh, close enough.

 Pictures My kitty is so fucking cute...she owns your lame ass! Oh yeah and urlLink Patchus made this ruling pic: Comments will be back by monday!!

 More Paxil Dreams Last night I was surrounded in a traveling circus situation and all my friends were carnies but they were like these wierd vampire carnies...anyhow these nascar trailers kept flipping over and killing people and eventually I had to swim to this island where there was a battle of the good, non-evil carnies (myself included) versus the bad ones (all my other friends and various assorted ghoulies). Anyhow, at this island we had to burrow down deep (like 2 miles) into this rock so we'd be safe. We found a lagoon in the core of the cave except the walls were made out of cooked salmon-esqe smooshy flaky stuff so it was hard to keep them out. We all had a rainbow color assigned to our powers and we used that to seal off the enterance we used to get into the cave. Unfortunately the ghoulies came down into our cave and morphed into these ork-like creatures from LOTR and we had to fight them. I hid behind a rock in the upper corner 'cause I'm a big chicken shit. Anyhow, I had to fight the last ghoulie, who was my ex-boyf, Joe B. (see "You Can't Teach An Old Dog New Tricks") I flew down and I turned into this AWESOME green dragon with green flames shooting out of my mouth and I burned him but he cut off my tail and I fell and broke my back, he picked me up and was trying to repair me and I buried I knife up to the hilt in his hip. Apparently this made him unevil and he fell in love with me, even though I was a dragon with no tail and a broken back....then I woke up. I wish i could say I was making this shit up so that I would feel less wierd about it, but this is what I dream, every night I have wierd, crackhead dreams like this....what the hell?

 I'm one of Bozley's Angels (Or My First Foray Into Something Softcore) urlLink

 10 Random Thoughts 1. I'm super uncreative so I stole this from Boz 2. I'm gonna shoot some *hopefully* bootylicious Bozley's Angels pics 3. Tina is the motherfuckingbombdiggitysuperemeubermamajamma of the universe. 4. I love the butter bear that tina mailed me 5. Im horny 6. Is it okay to sleep with an ex if you have no inention of getting together and you just want to do dirty things to him? 7. No one but tina gets "my Melody" 8. I miss lisa! 9. Work fucking sucks 10. Im bored.

 Random Thursday Thoughts When your doctor tells you to take your paxil everyday, once a day, its probably not a good idea to forget to take it since Saturday, because you'll feel like a miserable, nauseous shitbag for the duration of the week. Oh yeah, and you get nightmares too! Last nite I dreamt I had a baby named Terrance Andrew. He was beautiful. I also dreamt that I fought Jeff S. inside a black SUV for being a cheap fuck. I also dreamt that I was in this wierd orgy house and every room had different fetishes in them. I was trying to wander out and I walked in on Jon, Missy, Anna and Randi fully clothed lying in a bed getting their feet tickled with a feather. I guess this random thought belongs with the previous "make sure you take your paxil" thought. I live with my grandparents, well, they live in our house with us...my grandfathers sister died this weekend and now he's the only one of his family left. Is it appopriate to send him a sympathy card. I feel so bad for him, I just wanna smoosh him. About a month ago, urlLink the fuzzy one and urlLink whitey's bitch made Leon Klinghoffer jokes in my post cruise blog comments. I didn't get them until 2 days ago when they caught the guy who hijacked the Achilles Lauro or whatever. I never heard of Leon Klinghoffer, prolly because in 1985, when he was killed I was only 4. urlLink This is the funniest fucking thing I've seen in a long time and Im ordering one of their goddamned T-shirts! Go play here! Oh yeah and if you've been living under a rock, crawl out and go check out urlLink Homestar Runner . This concludes our blogging broadcast day...for now.

 Tickled Pink Ownz J00! And so does Rainbow Brite.net , motherbitches!

 See What I Mean About Tina?? This is more proof that Tina rocks your lame ass!

 The Wisdom of Pooh These are some very true quotes by a bear of very little brain: "Sometimes when late morning rolls around and you're feeling a bit out of sorts, don't worry, you're probably just a little eleven o'clockish." "Nobody can be uncheered with a balloon." "When you are a Bear of Very Little Brain, and you Think of Things, you sometimes find that a Thing which seemed very Thingish inside you is quite different when it gets out into the open and has other people looking at it." "Poetry and Hums aren't things which you get, they're things which get you. And all you can do is to go where they can find you." Pooh is oh so wise. I wonder if someone would be nice enough to buy me the "Tao of Pooh" from my urlLink Amazon.com Wishlist . God, that was a shameless plug! (::Cough:: I'd also like the "Te of Piglet"::cough::)

 All Girl Summer Fun Band!! There aren't even words for the girlie awesomeness that is urlLink All Girl Summer Fun Band . "Dreamy dreamy dreamy" Big ups to urlLink Patchus for keeping an eye out on good music for me to love! In case you hadn't noticed its the Monday blogging bonanza...one post an hour for the whole goddamned day!

 More Diva Art! urlLink Tina is the B E S T E S T ! she makes me the most bitchin' blinkies and diva art. Check out our hottie asses watching 7th Heaven together and then we rock out in our tilt jeans! I

 You Can't Teach An Old Dog New Tricks Okay, I'm a fucking humungous idiot. I was in the process of "seeing where things went" with an ex of mine, and lo and behold this weekend the truth finally came out...I found out: a) he's dealing A LOT of weed b) he's dealing oxicontin, darvocet, xanax and a myriad of other pills c) he's crating engines (stealing for those of you not in the know) from cars for cash. d) he's a major weed/shroom/pillhead and he is ALWAYS high or under the influence. That is drama and bullshit I do NOT want any part of. I feel so stupid because in my head and in my heart I've tried to justify everything. I've said to myself that he was BETTER than he was before, but its just because I was foolish enough to believe all the LIES he was telling me. I am a fool. A huge, stupid, asshole of a fool. I feel compelled to try and help him, but I can't have him in my life. Too dramatic. I don't want to be caught with him if/when he finally gets busted. The thought crossed my mind about turning him in, but I'm too scared of him finding out it was me to do anything, he's a bit of a loose cannon. This weekend he told me to "shut my fucking mouth before he smacked me." I got in his face and screamed at him that if he ever so much as threatened to put a hand on me again I would call the cops and that I wasn't scared of having him arrested. The truth is I was so scared of how he would react to me saying that. But it ended it. We parted as "normal" this weekend, but he doesn't know that I've shut him out. Can't I ever just meet a normal guy? What the fuck?

 The Future Is BlackJack (Alternate title: Another Crackhead Dream) Okay so last nite I had another one of my kooky dreams. I was in someone's driveway and this little urlLink Jack Russell Terrier (or parsons terrier for those of you up on your terrier facts) who was black and white came running over to me. I looked at my friend who I was with and said "We have to keep him." "What should we name him?" my friend asked. Simultaneously we look at each other and say "Black Jack" and with that, the black patch over his eye changed into the shape of a urlLink spade . Now I'm on a mission in real life...I must find a Jack Russell or a urlLink Rat Terrier that is black and white and I shall call him or her "BlackJack" or Jackie for short (blackie just seems too racist). Anyhow, I tell my friend to take the dog to the car so I can go use the facilities and when I open the womens room door I end up in my old boyfriends urlLink UConn dorm room. He and my other good friend, PJ, are in there and we start hanging out like old times. I'm laughing cause PJ, a guy, is wearing this ridiculous bright red lipstick and I tell him to leave a fake love note to his roomate, Shane. We all chuckle and they pass me a candy bowl. I grab a fistful of candy and start crunching away on it. I ask what they are as they taste so yummy and they tell me urlLink shrooms , because they wanted to trip with me again in hopes that we might 'get stuck outside of time' again. (See kids, drugs are bad mmm'kay?) I start tripping and rummaging through their room and I find my old pink feather boa that I used to wear all around the halls on drinking nights. I put it on and we just veg out and enjoy the trip. All of a sudden I see PJ trying to hump my foot, and ask him what the hell he's doing and he says my foot has a magnet to his junk. It was very wierd. Anyhow I need to go the bathroom still so I go to leave and I open the door and step into an episode of the powerpuff girls. I, of course, am urlLink Bubbles and I walk throgh the house which is a giant tiled swimming pool and I walk in on the urlLink Professor and urlLink Sedusa taking a bath in the jacuzzi. They yelled at me and I woke up when my alarm went off to my urlLink Z-100 ZMorning Zoo Horoscope . I need to stop taking this goddamned Paxil I think its making me MORE crazy, if thats possible.

 Cue the porn music This weekend I got urlLink laid for the first time since urlLink June 28, 2002. It was pretty great. No more urlLink "sex strikes" for me...thats just plain silly! So sure, none of you needed to a) think of me having sex with someone or b) hear the sordid, intimate details of my life, but its not like I told you I had anal sex with a urlLink Penguin or something! Anyhow here's my recap for the rest of the weekend: Friday night I ate dinner at urlLink Chevy's and had some BITCHIN' mexican food and some yummy strawberry 'ritas as well. Then I made the sex and that was also quite yay. I also watched some movies and started playing the new Zelda game for GameCube. Saturday I slept most of the day and then I woke up, went to eat at Steak & Ale where I had some serious steaks and lobster tails (no, its not even close to Ruth's Chris yummy goodness, but still... urlLink I ). Then I went to the village to some bars and for some groovy shopping and it rawked. Finally I came home and made more sex and watched Lord of The Rings again and it was joyful. Sunday was quite sexless, but thats a-ok. My chach needed a rest after all that. I got a manicure with my mommy and then we headed out to urlLink IKEA to shoppe (remember the rule..."pe" makes it foreign...so does adding "Ye Olde") for some sweedish furniture. It was also very yay! Diva's daily mood: urlLink HaPpY!

 Scratch & Sniff! urlLink Tee hee!

 Snoogins! 28 year old urlLink Jason Mewes , from such hit films as urlLink Jay & Silent Bob Strike Back and Dogma has been urlLink to attend rehab or face jail time. Where are Holden McNeil, Dante Hicks or even Cousin Walter when you need them? He better straighten his ass up or all he's gonna hear is the "bickety bam!" of the jail cell closing behind him....nootch!

 B O R E D I don't want to be at work today, but its been like almost a week since I've updated this crappy blog o'mine....So I give you urlLink Gimp Russian Roulette . Go forth and entertain yourselves.

 Rain, Rain, Go Away! Rain encompasses so many different emotions. Some find it sad, sexy, angry, refreshing, renewing, empowering or even calming. Its been raining here for three weeks. I don't live in Seattle or London, I don't particularly enjoy the rain anymore as its keeping me cooped up inside and I'm getting the "cabin fever". Today the rain is making me reminiss. I want to go barefoot in shorts and jump in the puddles and splash around like I did when I was younger. I want to go to Sam Murphy's house and make mud pies with all of her moms good spoons and forks and brand new tupperware, I could go to Nico's house and play office with the old business supplies lying around. I want to go to Molly Beth's house and play dressup and put on her mum's makeup or to Adam's and build a fort out on the huge rock in his back yard with a tarp his dad gave us. Sometimes I think I want to do my life over. To not lose track of some of the people I miss the most. Not waste time or give up the aforementioned people in lieu of people who will turn out to not mean anything. I know if that happened I wouldn't be who I am today, but whats not to say that I couldn't be someone better than I am now. Someone who has completed college, someone who has a bright shining future. Someone who is comfortable enough in her own skin to not need to wear all these masks and be such a chameleon. Sometimes i wish I could just be me...

 The Friday Five Alright kiddies, heres a new feature for ya, the Diva's Friday Five, wherein I will bestow upon you some little nuggets of wisdom I picked up in the past week or so. Strap on your harnesses and helmets and lets get ready to lick the windows together, shall we? 1) When you corner a man like the vile and otherwise skeevy rat that he is, he will fold like a cheap suit. (Thats right, he confessed to cheating and I told him to fuck off permanently, go me!) 2) Although it seems like a good idea at the time consuming 12 drinks on a work night, dancing on the bar with your best friend (who is playing shot girl) and dancing til 1 am is not a good idea when you have to be up for work at 6:15am. (Ick!) Similarly, being hungover at work is way underrated. Its more painful than you could imagine...even if you are playing boss. 3) No matter how much time passes between outings, when you hang out with people who are truly your friends its like picking up right where you left off. The scars of past battles fade with time and you can all smile together again. 4) To quote my mommy "A Leopard Can Not Change Its Spots", however its possible for a 150 lb girl to lose 200+lbs of dead weight (and look fabulous while doing it!) 5) Sheepy cards can ALWAYS make you smile even on a very SAD day. (Thank you!) That wraps it up for this innagural (and lame) first edition of the friday five, tune in next week fearless reader, same diva time, same diva channel.

 Iron Mike Strikes Again In a television inteview scheduled for tonight, Mike Tyson says one of the most outrageous comments of his carrer (More crazy than the "I'll fuck you til you love me?" nah, not quite, but nutty nonetheless) When talking about the 1991 rape of Desiree Washington he commented that the burden of being a rapist makes him want to do it now: "I just hate her guts. She put me in that state, where I don't know, I really wish I did now. But now I really do want to rape her." Way to fucking be, cock pirate. Anywho, while we're on the topic of angry young men make sure you go check out urlLink Tazz's Blog . Its not very aesthetically pleasing, but his rants will make you lauhg your ass off once he gets going.

 A 2 Month Resolution I, Gwen, hereby swear off boyfreinds for at L E A S T 2 months. Nothing but trouble you little creeps are. That is NOT to say that I swear off sexual man friends, or booty of any kind, but full on boyfriends & relationships are off limits for at least 2 months. This way I can get some money and get my act together. If you're really super great though and my friends approve of you then perhaps I would be willing to make an exception. Please send all inquiries with a photo and brief description to the "Love Letters" link above.

 Hell Hath No Fury Like Gwen's Scorn Let this be a lesson to anyone with a penis who is thinking of double crossing me... Joe: You stole stuff, I backed you up You sold & did drugs, I took you back & lied to everyone to convince them you were good. You cheated on me, I let it slide Now you are cheating, taking drugs and still lying to me and this is where I put my foot down. FUCK YOU, BUD! Who do you think you are to cheat on me? With Reenie? Fucking puhleeze, man. I hope she gives you the herpes that she already has, that dirty bitch. I hope you scratch your junk until its festering and bleeding you miserable piece of shit. Blargh! I hate you and you will never ever ever get to be with me ever again. All your chances are G O N E ! I dont want you in my life, but I will continue to be friends with Colleen and Steve. If you want to fuck with me and start a war just bring it, you whiny lil bitch, I'll take you the fuck out, Gwen-style. fin.

 Feh! I woke up at 8pm last evening and I was vomiting like a madwoman. I ended up finally going to the Emergency Room at 2:30 in the morning only to be stuck with an IV, give blood, drink a ton of gross "medicines" and for the doctor to finally discharge me at 5:30 becuase "he didn't kwno what was wrong". Supposedly it was some mini g.i. bug, but lemme tell you I hate many peeps but I wish this on NO ONE. Goodness, it was like the most miserable night of my life. Further more, Joe is a tool. I think I'm going to have to break up with him. No matter how much of a scumbag I say he isn't, he defintiley is. That creeps me out. Also, the more I drink around peopel the more I see waht they're really like as my internal walls come down I think my "crush blinders" also come down and I see shit for what it really is. Joe is really nothing. Ew. He's complacent in a life thats on a fast track to the shitter. Now comes the akward part of having to break up with him. Last time he was fucking insane when this happened. Hopefully he'll be cool this time. Also, don't go to a beach front community when its raining, otherwise they will stick you in the most disgusting mildew smelling room that is freezing cold becuase it has no heat because its "only for summer use" okay, genius, why did you stick me in there, then? I swear to god, sometimes i hate my life, lol. Other than that, the weekend was fun, I hung out with colleen alot, which was cool, I got to spend sometime with my lil lisa!, and the claw machines on the boardwalk had afrokens! Woooooo!

 He didn't even get his last rights I am a miserable, loser bitch. I have been driving for about 5.5 years and in all those years I've struck cars and people, but never cute, fluffy animals (at least ones that were still alive) today on my way back to work I hit a squirrel. I heard this quiet "thump" against my tire, I had seen him in the road, but I had no time to avoid him. I would have maybe felt better if I flattened the poor lil fella, but I just knocked him out and when I looked in my rearview I saw his tail flaililng around wildly...I pulled over like the pussy I am and cried for like 5 minutes. Poor lil guy was just living his squirrelly lil life and I ended it. I bet his momma is wondering where he is right now. How do I tell her? Should I send them a nice arrangement of Acorns and Peanuts to "big old oak tree....3rd nest on the right"? Oh well, I guess I should feel better that it wasn't a black squirrell, then I prolly would have killed myself. urlLink LFJ made a good point...he's in squirrel heaven getting his supply of eternal nuts. Godspeed, little fella.

 Diva News Flash I am calling it right now. Something H U G E is gonna go down in the Bush Administration in the next few weeks months. If something weren't about to surface then why would urlLink Ari Fleischer , urlLink Christine Whitman and urlLink Tommy Franks all retire, resign, stepdown within a week of each other. We have the Presiden'ts spokesman, EPA cheif, and head tactical general all retiring in one fricking week? The poop is about to hit the fan kids, hold on to your asses. And in other news, Stone Temple Pilots front man, urlLink Scott Weiland was arrested for drug possesion again on Monday. Way to be scott, way to be.

 Because I Love You **Warning sappy estrogen fuled cheeze fest ahead** "We are each but angels with only one wing and thus we must embrace each other to fly" "Friends are angels who carry us when our own wings have forgotten how to fly" "A circle is round, it has no end, thats how long I want to be your friend." I love you, you're my bestest bff!! Smile, and let me see your face light up, gorgeous!

 Yay 153lbs...3lbs gone. Woo Hoo!

 Fuck!!! Okay my email is fucked so I had to change my email. Please update accordingly my new address is dynamitediva628@yahoo.com....my aim is still the same iabsolutangeli . Thanks guys!

 Rainy Wednesday Blahs Its raining. Its supposed to rain the whole long weekend. This ruins my plans to spend my extra vacation day at the beach. I've already gotten the room...now I'll be stuck at a rainy beach community for the whole weekend as it pours. Oh well, I get to spend time with my Lisa anyhow, no biggie. (c: Someone I know, who I almost forged a relationship with has passed away. He was in his early twenties. Tonight is his wake. I am going to be a support for one of my friends who was closer with him, but also to get some closure on the situation myself. It doesn't seem quite real to me yet, but on the same hand I don't want to see him in the coffin, I don't know that I can handle seeing another body of a person my age in a casket. I think I have to see it so I can stop being all deluded by it and try and get it off my mind, but its a scary thing. Some people are using this as a really disgusting opportunity to further their own causes and shop for new clothing for themselves. People like that make me want to scream. Last night I dreamt that my mother was letting my father move back into our house. He kept trying to talk to me and I was snide and cruel to him, I eventually just burst out into to tears and began kicking and screaming throwing a tantrum and commenting on how I don't need him and I've gotten this far with out him and I told him how great my life has been with out him. I tried to move out, but I ended up homeless just like he had been. God, I hate him. Rain, rain, go away, come again some other day.

 You Want The Truth? Boy: I never know what to believe anynmore I AbsolutAngel I: wait, what are YOU talking about? Boy: I dunno if you are ever honest with me anymore or not, and it drives me nuts I AbsolutAngel I: why does it matter? I AbsolutAngel I: like honestly why do the inconsequential details of my life bother you so much Boy: Its not so much that as the fact that going from best friends to lies and half truths through no fault of my own is a little confuding I AbsolutAngel I: well if i tell you the truth then you flip out and have a bitch fit over somethign that really isn't any concern of yours I AbsolutAngel I: so its easier for me to just tell you half the truth or tell you the truth when its convenvinet Here is the whole truth, live and a lil late breaking but this way I can't be accused of things and this way everythign is out in the open and I can finally say everything I want to say in my blog. I still am dating Joe. Yes, thats right. I am Joe's girlfriend, Joe is my boyfriend. We date. He was a scumbag and he still kind of is a little, but he's getting his life together. You can't pass judgement on me because of who I like, love or choose to spend my time with. If you want to get pissy over this then fine, but thats it...the whole truth. I am dating Joe. And yes, I really was in Massachusetts this weekend, so don't even start with that. If we aren't friends any more becuase of this than that is superfuckinglame, but its your choice and I will respect it and back out of your life. Bottom line. The ball is in your court. You decide what happens now.

 Stop Whining For all you motherbitches whining that my comments suck....I've fixed it and switched comment hosts ( urlLink cheeks , I'm looking in your direction!) Also, I've put up my 100 things so check that out too!

 Dreams...Again Last night I dreamt of my ex. Its been like almost a year and a half that we've been broken up, but I would still get back with him in a heart beat. I dreamt that we were hugging and just holding hands, walking around places and he was *SO* happy to see me. It was awesome. Its weird, because in real life we're still good friends and we hang out and hug sometimes, but he has his new chick and I have my new guy, but I still know he's not 100% happy with her, and he wants to go out with some REALLY hot chick, but I know I could make him so happy, and I think deep down somewhere inside his heart he knows it too. Anyhow, the second part of my dream I was in a convenience store (ala Seven Eleven) with my mom and grandmother and the clerk ringing us up tried to charge us 97.92 for 2 packs of cigs, a snapple and 2 wa-wa peddles that were only $12.99. We fought him, threw sodas at him and then stole his car keys and in turn his car ( a beat up 1986 honda civic, dark blue). The cops pulled us over for stealing the car but we got out on foot and ran, but my gramma can't run, so I gave her a piggyback, then I went to school at Iona College (where the Ex goes) and it was this huge high structure with no walls and no floors just a huge cargo net thing you had to climb. Tres scary, it was so high up. I'm gonna miss my paxil dreams if I ever get off this.

 Update Day 2: 155 lbs. Sushi feast for dinner last nite and I saved one point to use later in the week! Woo! Brekkies: 1 cup vanilla yogurt, 1 nutrigrain bar, water 7 points. Lunch: cucumber salad 1 point Snack: peeled baby carrots: 0 points

 Kill Me, Please Weight watchers points diet...Day 1: 156 lbs. Point range 18-25 points. breakfast: 2 cups lucky charms cereal, 1 cup 2% milk, water. 7 Points. lunch: 1 cup home made macaroni & cheese. water. 7 Points. snack: 2 cups sugar free jell-o 0 points Well I've officially quit smoking, again. (Give me a break, because I folded under the peer pressure) Last night I smoked til I felt nauseous as all hell. So I won't want to smoke and also my mom isn't driving me to work this week so I won't be tempted to smoke with her. Also: 40 days til my birthday! Thats right, only 40 shopping days left to get me one of the great goodies I've listed on my amazon.com wishlist (gwenythlowden@yahoo.com...look me up!). I figure I've given you party people enough good batch material over the last few weeks taht the least you could do is throw me a frickin bone and make me have some neato stuffs!! That is all.

 Happy Birthday to A Delicious Young Prince! You're and old, old bag now....but these asian women are waiting for you! The booze is already flowing!

 Umbrella "Did you like the flowers I sent? You could've called to thank me, well you could've called. I tried to kiss you on Brooklyn Avenue, but you got in your car, before I could move. I've been falling like the rain, but you've got your umbrella in my way. Fists and fingers, tongues and teeth. I want to see you, I'm tired of my dreams; nights of wishing, I could open my mouth and when I finally did speak, you were nowhere to be found. I've been falling like the rain-- you've got your umbrella in my way again I had the sun in my hands I had the sun in my hands 'til you said you liked the rain. I had it all in my hands, I had it all but I gave it all away. Did I scare you off, by being honest? how come we never see the end, 'til it's right there upon us? If you want, I can go away, but like the rain, I'll come again some other day. I've been falling like the rain-- you've got your umbrella in my way again. One of these days I'm going to come along in the middle of sunshine and be a little sunshower make you rise up like a flower, and you can be my little daisy, be my daisy. " -d.e.v.

 Neither Here, Nor There I wish my life seemed more interesting. Lately I've just been writing absolutely inane things, but I don't want to bore people with the remedial details of my life. I do like to let you all in from time to time, and get your opinions, but I don't really know what I have this blog for. Sometimes its big ranting and outpourings of feelings, sometimes its just a place to collect the smattering of ideas that run through my head so I don't forget things (being that I have a mind like a seive thats quite easy). I vow to you all, my dear, dear readers, my blog will get better as it has been "teh suck" lately. I think its interesting to me to look back on my earliest entries and say to myself, "God, that seems so long ago" though its only been a matter of a few months. I can't wait until this blog is a year old and I can look back and it will really have been a while ago. The other thing that bothers me, and perhaps I'll have to change this, is the fact that although this is MY blog, and my own personal space, I cant be completely honest here, nor can I divulge all the detals of my life. You see, there are some people reading this blog who I am not entirely honest with. That is not to say that I'm lying to them, but they just don't know ALL the situations in my life...and they can't, because that would cause some serious ruckus. To me its better to revel in my own little happinesses and disappointments concerning those "unspoken situations" than to share them all, but beleive me I wish I could share them. Its not that they'd make the blog any more thrilling, I just wish I had somewhere to record this all for reflection...I guess I'll have to save my personal "paper" journal for that.

 Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned I think many of you hate me because I hate fat people. You see, I don't really hate fat people. I hate EVERYONE. I am an equal opportunity hater and a super bitch with a wicked case of PMS....pay no mind to the girl behind the blog. I watched Dawson's Creek the series finale and I weeped like a fucking little bitch. What can I say, that corny teen melodrama shit really melts my icy heart. I'm stoked that its Friday tomorrow 'cause I'm broke and money would be super right about now. I've started reading a lot of blogs lately (not just the ones linked here) and you people are funny as hell and some of you are very interesting. My cat's breath smells like cat food. That is all.

 Tax Dollars Hard at Work I'm on hold on the phone with the Connecticut Department of Motor Vehicles. So far I've heard the following delightful muzak tunes in between the pertinent clips of DMV info (most of which tells me just to go to their urlLink website ): Cruisin' - Hewey Lewis & Gwenyth Paltrow In My Life - The Beatles Sunny Came Home - Shawn Culvin Some unknown piece of turd about an "All Time High" Another unknown but equally sucky tune "This is how most ouf our ladies grew up at the country club, dancing." I think its great to see that we're in a budget crisis here in my state, but at least we've got snazzy assed tunes on the DMV phone holding system. Apparently the woman wants me to know that my call is important to them. Meh, so answer the fucking phone already

 Le Sigh Why does no one love my blog anymore?

 Eh... Reloaded was pretty good. A little over hyped and a slow assed start, but it fulfilled my expectations for the most part. I think the woman who plays Trinity, Carrie Ann Moss, is THE most bad-assed, fucking rock your socks off, kick your ass and then spit on you, tough as nails hot chick EVER! God she rules. Freddy vs. Jason & Legally Blonde 2 trailers also rocked. No Return of the King trailer though, that was disappointing. Oh and they had a Terminator 3 trailer and a 2Fast 2 Furious (Fast & the Furious sequel) trailer. What pieces of frozen bum piss and monkey shit are those movies? Jesus fuckin christ, man! urlLink Jack offered me the following comments about the film early this morning: Iamtheyeti311: meh, i felt cheated Iamtheyeti311: lol Iamtheyeti311: now i know what a woman feels like after sex I AbsolutAngel I: lol Iamtheyeti311: like, "thats it." All in all I give Matrix: Reloaded a 9 out of a possible 10 pink divarific stars.

 Matrixy Goodness Tonite I get to go see a super top secret sneak preview of Matrix Reloaded. I am quite stoked for this. AND I get to go to happy hour at Thirsty Turtle! Yay!

 I Love This This is a very cool drawing by my favorite urlLink Patchus .

 A Case of the Wednesday Blahs I'm feeling very blah today. I feel great because I got like 12 hours of sleep, but other than that I'm very out of sorts from my usual diva-self. I also realized I have a HUGE project I have to work on here at my job, but as usual I'm procrastinating. Somehow I got the brilliant idea to tell the project managers that I could have it done by May 27th. Way to be, Gwen, way to be. Acutally its very easy but its more me relying on others to get their information to me which is quite the task. No one here likes to get anything done on time. Alas, I sit here blogging to pass my time. I'm also dreading my trip to the DMV on Thursday night after work. Those people are a nightmare and I have to try and reactivate plates that were stolen 10 years ago but recovered shortly there after. They're also vanity plates so it will cost me an arm and a leg to do it, but in the end it will make it much easier to find my car in the parking lot. Also, I've put off my dieting and excercise until next week. I'm super PMSy and miserable this week so I've decided to let my hormones be in charge rather than piss myself off any further. Also, go check out urlLink Anna's Blog . She's punk rawk, a super hottie, she's got a "smokin' rack", she organizes B I T C H I N' shows, and just otherwise rules and is one of my bestest girlies. You will love her, I promise! That is all for now. Oh yeah, get well soon, Patches!

 How cool is this?

 Cuh-Yoot! I stole this from urlLink Missy's away message...

 Diva Dating Service, Inc. This is my friend Jamie. He rules! He's is 21 (he'll be 22 next week) and lives in Spokane, Washington (yes, the state). He's 5'10, 240 and has the cutest hazel eyes and curly brown hair (he can grow it into a "TimboFro"!) Jamie rocks the freaking heazy and he needs a super-awesome, really cool, neato, hottie-supafly girlfriend. Help him out. If you know anyone whos interested in his lil monkey ass hit him up with an urlLink email or leave a comment. Anyhow, this is not a joke, I love Jamie dearly and he needs to get laid. His last girlfriend was a megawhore cheating bitch and so he needs to do better. And before you all start with your "Oh, Gwen, why don't you date him crap, we already dated, it didn't work out, but this kid is my BOY so I have to look out for him. His musical tastes rock, he always cheers you up, he has a good sense of style, he's funny as all hell and he is gonna work at Walt Disney World soon! So you should get in and hopefully get down with him in Florida! He would be open to dating a girl at his school, urlLink WSU (go Cougs!), but they only wanna date basketball players or they're dirty who-ahs. Right, so as I said, hook a brova up! **Also: any other guys/girls looking for a date?? Send me a pic and a quick bio and I'll try and hook your ass up too! I've made plenty of happy matches in my day...I just can't find the right one for me....so, um, I guess if you think you're the right guy/girl for me you can also email me with a picture and a short bio**

 I Am A Ranting, Insensitive Bitch Okay, I don't care if you think I'm insensitve for what I'm about to say, and if you do feck you too! This is a giant FECK YOU! to all the fat people here in my area who park in handicapped spaces when their only visible handicap is fat. Fat is not a fecking handicap. You are the people who SHOULD be parking further away because you could acutally use the excercise you huge, fat, gross mess! I don't know what you're paying the idiots at the DMV to issue you that handicapped hang tag but you're taking valuable parking away from my grandmother, who is legitimately handicapped (she can barely see and has a hard time walking). Similarly I am someone who could also use one of those hang tags. I have Lyme Disease and when it starts to act up its extremely painful to be mobile because my hips and knees are so stiff, but I still must travel to the end of the parking lot and walk past your fat ass stuffing bags of ho-ho's and twinkies into your car like there was about to be a shortage of them. You are the same people who get scooters at theme parks and casinos becuase you're too fecking fat to walk around, yet you're the first one to nearly run my ass over to get to the buffet line at the casino. Honestly, why are you even bothering to go to Great Adventure or Disney World? Your disgusitng, morbidly obese body wont fit into any of the ride cars. Then you'll sue them because they're insensitive to your needs. Unfortunately a panel of jurors will award you the cash to try and "stick it to the big corporations with all the money"....not realizing they're raising many of their prices to deal with the reprocussions of all of these frivolous law suits that morons like you are starting. I hope you get taken out Mama Cass style. Feck you, pigs.

 Mindless Mush I had a really great weekend. I got to see a lot of people I don't normally hang out with which was great. I took my mom out for Mother's Day. We went into Manhattan and saw "Movin' Out", the Billy Joel musical. It was actually really, REALLY good! Then my brother treated her and I to Ruth's Chris steaks for dinner. That was extremely yum. It was so cute because at the end of the night she started crying and thanking us for "the best mother's day ever". It was tres cute. I'm thinking of getting an apartment about 20 mins away from where I live now with my best friend from high school. I dunno how it will work out, but we're both employed full time and we've lived together before, so hopefully it wont be that bad. Plus we would have the cutest, best, most awesome apartment. Woo hoo to that. I'm also stoked because I get to do a focus group. Its like only an hour and its about facial cleansers and they're gonna pay me $50. Suhweet! She also told me she would keep me on the list and call me when she needed people. W00t, w00tarini! Oh, I also got new emo/ashleigh banfield glasses. Yay!

 Random Friday Thought I'd like to open a restaurant...2 restauruants acutally. One would be all chicken skin (after all, any avid chicken eater knows the skin is the best part) it would offer all various flavors of skin (garlic, butter, brown sugar, chive, dill, etc) I dunno what I'd call it though. The second place would be called "Gwen's Feed Bag". It would be a fast food restaurant serving things foil lined bags which include a mish mash of ingredients (similar to a Cornish Pastie...for my UK readers, only with out the yummy, flaky crust). There would be all kinds of meals: chicken nuggets and fries, fried shirmp and veggies, different kinds of stews and other hearty meals. It would make millions I say...millions. My slogan would be "Come to Gwen's Feed Bag and Put your Face to the Sack". Goddamn, I'm a marketing genius.

 I Can Never Watch T.V. Again Ladies and gents, I can never watch T.V. again as long as I live for I have seen the pinnacle in perfect programming. Leave it to those geniuses over at Fox to come up with urlLink The Miss Dog Beauty Pageant . Thats right, a beauty pageant for doggies. It had a talent portion, and evening gowns. Let me tell you, these were some SEXY bitches! My personal favorite, Miss New York, a Jack Russell Terrier named Anastasia was eliminated from the K-9 and didn't make it to the final 5, but her talent was popping balloons so thats understandable. Her emerald green gown was astonishing though. Then of the final five I was torn between Disco, the golden retriever and Daisy the beagle and neither of them won (they placed in the bottom 2 of the final 5). Of the top 2 choices there was a border collie (bleh) and a jack russell mix. The JR mix climbed a ladder and walked a tightrope to rescue a cookiemonster baby! All the border collie did was walk downstairs. Alas the fickle judges made their decision and Sweet Pea, Miss Illinois was the first ever crowned "Miss Dog". I will never watch anything else on tv as this was just literally untoppable, but I have gained new respect for Fox, and you bet your ass I will watch this next year.

 Because Today I felt Scandalous urlLink School Daze and urlLink Detective Hat

 Holy Fecking Scariness! I got a link that said "check out this cute lil easter bunny"...and it was this: urlLink Easter Bunny?!? . Its totally safe for work, but just scares the shyte out of me so I can't display it here on my blog. View at your own risk.

 Warning: Rant Ahead For some wierd reason I am in an EXTREMELY cranky mood. (Big surprise, right?) Dear little Gwen, why are you so pissy? Oh goodness, that is a loaded question: 1) Wheelchair guy is cooking some "food" in the microwave that smells like a loose taco stool, and he clipped his nails at work today and some flew on my desk AND he is sitting next to me SCREAMING on the phone in spanish. Like anyone cares about what he has to say? Lower your voice a) this is an office b) you're so OBVIOUSLY on a personal call. 2) No cigarettes, coffee or junkfood is making me a mean, mean little girl. 3) I still have this pesky SARS and I've run out of tissues at my desk so I'm having to tend to my nose with the cheap office paper towelling which is much more itchy and less friendly on my lil nose. 4) Nothing new has happened with my ecosphere...although it does look a little more green today. 5) Its gloomy and raining today...I don't like it one bit. 6) I have no money (and I just got paid last friday) and I didn't even adhere one iota to my "get outta debt" plan. This lack of funds means no happy hour for me. Le sigh. 7) I miss Tina & Lisa...neither of them has been on AIM and thus I haven't spoken to either of them. 8) I need a nap, desparately.

 Heeeeeeeeeeeereeees Gwenny! no sweets no coffee no junkfood and no cigarettes make gwen something something

 Happy Birthday Shanti! Since you are the buddy christ, I felt this card was most appropriate: Oh and good luck on your driving test!

 EcoSphere Day 2 I did some studying on this last night and according to some ecosphere experts, in order for my tiny world to thrive it needs 6-8 hours of partial sunlight or flourescent light. Lucky for me I'm a slave to the man and in this wacky world of papertrails the only lighting is flourescent, so I've relocated the ecosphere to sit directly under my flourescent desk lamp. Maybe I should put some of my SARS infested snot into the mix, to jumpstart the "growth" in there. Nah, thats too gross, even for me. Anywhoo, todays observations: still the slight greenish algae tinge on the bottom, condesation in the top of the bottle. Nothing of notable difference.

 Its About Time Oh my fecking God, this is the most YAY news I have heard in quite sometime. Finally, urlLink the Indiana Jones Trilogy comes to DVD. Slated for a late fall 2003 release date. Who's gonna buy me this for christmas?!? Holy mucho gigantic yays!

 All In The Name Of Science I've never been big into science, but over dinner at the Outback this weekend with urlLink ADYP and urlLink Lemon Fresh Jesus the topic of those nifty urlLink Brookstone "EcoSpheres" came up. We were all commenting on how neat it was and how we'd all like one, and of course ADYP had to bring up the buring question: "What if you jizzed into one? Could you create a new master race of seamonkeys?" Alas, I come into work this morning and there is a Litre of urlLink Poland Spring on my desk which has been there festering under the light for about 3 weeks to a month. I'd only drank about a quarter of it before I forgot about it all together. I notice there is some green algae starting to grow in the bottom of it. Now, for the sake of science I will leave this bottle here and see if I have created life through a little saliva and a lot of forgotten, overpriced bottled water. Perhaps I will create a race of small people who will in turn capture me, shrink me and make me their Goddess, like they did to little Lisa Simpson. That could be neat. I bet being a diety pays well. So here it is, officially, Day 1 of the Great Ecosphere Experiment has gotten underway. All I have to report is a thin layer of green algae. I'll keep you posted with developments.

 A New Leaf? I'm making yet ANOTHER half assed attempt to be a healthier person. I have quit cold turkey soda, cigarettes, coffee and most junk food. No more bacon, egg and cheese for breakfast, no more dunkin donuts. I can do it, damn it. (Please pardon my bitchiness should it crop up in the next few days weeks). I'm walking a mile at the local high school track every day, I'm still doing my Pilates. I started taking a multi-vitamin and vitamin C (in hopes that I can kick this pesky SARS). I invite you all to place your bets now as to how long this lasts, maybe I'll send you a neat prize if you win. Next month is my birthday, I will be 22. I feel like I have no good milestone birthdays to look forward to anymore. Can't I just stay 21 forever? Maybe 25 'cause at least I can rent a car then. I shouldn't be so outta shape and the teensy bit over weight that I am, so hopefully by end of teh summer I will be decent...just in time to pack on the winter weight. Yay. Lol.

 Two Questions: 1) Is urlLink this sexual harassment? 2) Is it wrong if I think its kinda hot?

 To Hell In a Handbasket Everyone else has been putting it up and I know some people other than our "bloggy community" who read this so check out my results on the Dante's Inferno Hell test. It says I'm in circle 7, but the day before I took it and was in the 8th circle of Hell, the Malebolge (huh huh...I said male bulge). Damn it I wanna go back with all the other panderers & gypsies. Anyhow, big ups to urlLink Boz and urlLink Kevynn for putting this up for me to take. The Dante's Inferno Test has banished you to the Seventh Level of Hell! Here is how you matched up against all the levels: Level Score urlLink Purgatory (Repenting Believers) Very Low urlLink Level 1 - Limbo (Virtuous Non-Believers) Very Low urlLink Level 2 (Lustful) Very High urlLink Level 3 (Gluttonous) High urlLink Level 4 (Prodigal and Avaricious) Low urlLink Level 5 (Wrathful and Gloomy) High urlLink Level 6 - The City of Dis (Heretics) Very Low urlLink Level 7 (Violent) Very High urlLink Level 8- the Malebolge (Fraudulent, Malicious, Panderers) Very High urlLink Level 9 - Cocytus (Treacherous) Moderate Take the urlLink Dante's Inferno Hell Test

 Normal? Okay my blog is back to relative normal status. well...kinda. Oh and backblog comments killed my blog....so i wont be using those anymore. Miraculously I somehow fixed my commenting myself and didn't have to harass ADYP. Damn, I'm good.

 Death of a Diva! All these blogger and cam troubles combined with my pesky infection of SARS has finally killed me. I leave Kooky my mac and he is the executor of my will. Meh!

 Under Construction Okay so my bloggypoo needed a facelift, big time. I decided to fix it up with some help of those kids at urlLink BlogSkins . I'm still doing lil tweaks here and there, but it should be A+, 100% again in no time. Tina & Patches artwork will go back up and I will sure miss my old tinafied blog. I love her for all the hard work she did. Thanks bunches hunny!

 My Last Will & Testament I, Dynamite Diva, being of sound mind and body on this the first day of May in the year two thousand three would like to leave my following possesions to the following people upon my inevitable and untimely passing: To patches, I leave my blog, sticker collection, card collection, Shadow and all my llama love. To Tina I leave all my CPK, girlie 80's toys, powerpuff girl & sanrio stuff and my tilt jeans. To Lisa I leave all my shoes and chapsticks, Aidan and sordid secrets for good gossip later. To Lou I leave all my shitty pop music cds...do what them with you will, but I know the temptation to listen will over take you eventually. To Jon I leave my vibrators because as you once said (and I quote) "I can't compare". To Missy I leave my kitties and my martini shaker collection (complete with cool martini glasses). To Anna I leave my detective hats, feather boas and digicam so you can take awesome SG.com pics. To Petrina I leave my top-secret brownie recipe, my simpsons figure collection and my cat, Milo, so you can have Milo & Otis. To Michael I leave 25 million dollars so you can buy your downtrodden soul back from Whitey. The rest of you can fight amongst yourselves for the piddly crap I have left (and if you find my furby, burn it)

 Crush Update I am SO over 2 of my crushes. One of them I'm not sure I even want to be friends with anymore becuase he's such a dickface who thinks he's hot shit and better looking than he actually is. (Go back to your wifey, pasty boy!) One more still hangs in the balance and that crush is like not as strong as it was, men are so last week. Man it feels good to be a gangsta.

 Post Birthday Hangover I want to thank everyone who helped me celebrate my birthday this weekend as well as those of you who helped take care of me this weekend very late night on Saturday night, you know who you are and you are my dearest and best friends, although I was nothing but rotten to you and for that, I'm sorry. I would like to share with you all a very important lesson that I learned this past weekend. Friday night while out at Strike, Long Island for my birthday party with my "internet friends" I passed a comment about spending my actual birthday with my "real friends" (meaning the ones I'd known in the flesh my entire life). However, it turns out that my internet freinds are better friends to me than my real ones and I want to thank you all for one of the best birthdays I've spent in a long time. Similarly, I want to thank you all for the thoughtful presents and the company on Friday night. It was a great time, honestly. (c: I'm glad birthdays come but once a year, because I don't think I could handle the ups and downs of this past Saturday all the time. To one person in particular: thank you for being you, thank you for being there from the highest of my highs to the lowest lows, and helping me pick up the pieces even after I've twisted the knife into your back. One of these days I'll be a better person, I promise, I hope you're around to see it. I love you more than you know...you know who you are (c:

 Rock! I just stumbled up on the blog of the urlLink Gotham Diva and I really like it. (Not just for the sake of our similar monikers) You should check her out.

 Cause Don Labia Said So: Happy Deathday! Your name: Dynamite Diva You will die on: Sunday, November 6, 2022 You will die of: Food Poisoning Username: urlLink Created by Quill and musings of a dynamite diva Magic Number 16 Job Despot Personality The Glass Is Half-Empty Temperament Sweet Natured Sexual Just Say No Likely To Win A Swimming Badge Me - In A Word Compassionate Colour urlLink Brought to you by MemeJack

 A Birthday Edition of Friday Five i) I am a urlLink Cancer and I fit every description thereof. My next tattoo will be my astrological sign. ii) For the first time in 3 years I am having a birthday party and I have awesome loving friends with which to celebrate. Similarly I do not have a boyfriend on my birthday for the first time in 6 years so maybe this is why I am actually gonna enjoy my birthday. iii) 20 years ago on my birthday the Mianus River Bridge collapsed at 2 a.m. iv) I share my birthday with the likes of Gilda Radner, Mel Brooks, Pat Morita (yes, Mister Miyagi!), John Elway, Henry VIII, John Dillinger and John Cusak. v) Every year for my birthday I wish for a good boyfreind. This year I've decided to stop wishing and hoping and have decided to wish for a year of fun times with my friends. Oh yeah and since I forgot yesterdays thursday eyecandy, I'll give it to you today. Its someone close to my heart and I know Aidan is only a character he plays, but he's still sexy....John Corbett:

 OUCH! As it turns out, urlLink Cheeks is not the only one to injure his crotch this summer. Either through running and weights at my urlLink gym or my pilates work out I have seriously pulled a muscle in my groin....AND IT REALLY FUCKING HURTS! I can't wear pants, I can't really walk, I can't sit indian style and stairs are MISERABLE to navigate. Owies! (Will someone come massage it for me?) Furthermore, I finally got around to watching the first episode of the new season of urlLink Sex and the City last night. It was heart wrenching, at least to me, becuase well...Aidian, who in my mind is the perfect man and also represents the one that got away within my own life, is MARRIED and has a BABY. I thought I was going to puke when I saw it, literally. It was such a shot to the gut. Its amazing how a show like that can make you want to slit your wrists because it can so painfully and acurately dredge up all those emotions about failed relationships that you hide from everyone else. Definitley an A+, very good, girlie show. 2 more days to my birthday! Yay yay yay! (I know, I know you're ALL sick of hearing about it, but fear not the insanity will be over shortly!)

 God I'm A Whore For anyone looking for a last minute birthday present idea for me: here again is my urlLink Amazon.Com Wishlist . That was *SO* shameless.

 Randomness Happy Birthday urlLink Kevynn Malone! I ran 1/2 mile yesterday and while this isn't some incredible feat it was for me. I am quite proud of myself and I probably will go back and do it again today. I am also taking an aqua fitness class at the gym. This Friday is the birthday suaree for urlLink Anna and I, thrown by our fearless leader, urlLink Missy . Woot! Also, my birthday is on Saturday...that is three days away! Yay! I am so excited becuase for the first time in 3 years I get to have a birthday party! Yay yay yay!

 Attention All Men: There have never been more important lessons for you to learn about the bedroom than those contained urlLink here . Especially for the sake of my own chach 'endless love'. Please, for the love of all things good and holy, read these and take them to heart.

 P.S. Congratulations to urlLink Maria for graduating high school! Yay!

 I'm So Proud of...Me! Yesterday I went back to the gym for the first time and I rocked ass! I did a seriously brisk walk for 1 mile, I did my whole old weight regimen AND I swam 1/2 a mile. When I came home I chatted online for a bit and then did my 20 minute pilates work out as well! Honestly I am feeling G R E A T today and hopefully I'll be looking slimmer before I know it. They gym was hard work, but I know it will be worth it. I'm just hoping I actually stick with it this time. The bane of my existance is the fact that I am quite possibly the laziest human being alive. Ask Jon, he used to be my gym partner. This is gonna be my year though, finally at 22 I WILL get my act together. I've started reading a book at least one a week, I've started working out again, I'm being more social, my room has been clean for over 2 weeks, I will get out of debt and I will move out on my own. Its a full plate, but deep down I know I can do it. I guess the only way to combat laziness is to get up off your couch potato ass and do something! 4 more days til my birthday and little did I know that urlLink Mister Malone is also a June baby...his birthday is tomorrow. All this energy and I'm not even 1/4 through my coffee....scary.

 First and Foremost... Happy Birthday, Anna! You are one of my newest and bestest dear girlies and I'm glad we've gotten to be friends. Its a new year for us starting now and we're gonna make 'em all regret the crap they've started. I wish you nothing but rainbows and sunshine and cupcakes today (cause I'm *that* girlie!), I hope your birthday rocks your socks off and finally makes you smile! Hugs & Smooches!

 So Bored... The printer is broken at work, so I literally have nothing more I can do for the day. Its so bad that our own IT department can't fix it, we had to put in a call to Hewlett Packard. Bleh. It will never get fixed. Motherbitches, please just let me go home!

 The Friday Five i) If you wouldn't say something to someone's face, you shouldn't say it in your blog or you'll catch all holy hell. ii) Boys with lip rings may not be all knowing, but they are certainly good for making you forget your troubles for a while. (c: iii) urlLink Patches cards make anyone smile! iv) When you've had enough of stupid men and are totally aggrivated the cure is a night out at bar9 with all your urlLink girls and some yummy appletinis. v) It takes a long time to get mail from Hong Kong, especially when you're waiting for your birthday present to yourself to arrive. (Btw: 8 days til my birthday, and 3 til Anna's!)

 Also... About the Arlene Grocery show, I can't make it, so I hope anyone planning on going gets a chance to this before they show up! Sorry party peoples...

 Thursday Eye Candy These are the hottie rocker boys of urlLink November Kills . Go love them for their sexy, rockstar goodness. Garrrrrow, baby! Oh yeah and not shown in this picture is hottie superfly Frank:

 Apologies I think my estrogen level is scaring people away. I haven't had a period in almost 2 years and now I've started to get it again and my emotions are hair-trigger and lean towards hating all things with XY chromasome makeup. My apologies, I don't really hate ALL boys, I just want some good old fashioned lovin' (and not necessarily even in the naughty way). I think I need a girlie night out to drown my sorrows and share my triumphs over an apple martini or two with urlLink Anna , urlLink Missy , and urlLink Lisa .

 Apparently blogger comes complete with censors now.

 Online journal is a farse.

 New Addition Everyone please welcome urlLink Maria to the blogging world. She's the cat's pyjamas.

 Not A Gold Digger I'm not a gold digger, but I'm sick of being asked "waht do you want for your birthday?" ...so here it is: urlLink My Amazon.Com Wishlist (Mock me if you wish....there is a lot of corny stuff on it, but I love it all.

 For the Record I'm saying it now urlLink Friendster is *SO* two weeks ago. I'm over it.

 This is why Patches Rules! urlLink Click me for awesome patches goodness!

 Another Overly Dramatic Weekend When you feel the need to get hopped up on coke and beat your chick (your chick who happens to be my best fucking friend) don't think I'm gonna let you get away with it. Furthermore, don't think I'm not gonna call you out for being a scumbag and a pussy. Why don't you try and get custody of your fucking pigfaced child before you try and lure another potential wife into the mix who will probably just leave you because of your "temper" like the first one. If you have to beat a girl to feel better about yourself, espeically a girl you supposedly love, you're not a man, not even being able to bench 295 lbs. can make you more manly. If you put your hands on me again or even so much as look at me the wrong way, I will blow up your spot, and you WILL go to jail. I already sent one guy there, so believe me I'm not scared of you, especially since the only emotion I'm tied to you by is hate. You make me sick. Go steal some more money from my friend and put it up your nose you disgusting piece of shit! On the happier side of this weekend. I have the best mommy and friends in the universe. Thank you to urlLink Tazz & urlLink Anna for helping me realize I'm doing the right thing here. You guys are too good to me (c: My mom and I went all over the place this weekend: awesome Super Stop & Shop, Stew Leonards, Walmart, manicures & pedicures and a lunchy all to ourselves. And finally here comes the updated Birthday Countdown! One week til Anna's Birthday! Wooooo! 12 Days til my birthday. Wooo! Oh yeah, Anna and I expect presents. We're not gold diggers or anything, but we're cute and we've given you some lovely bloggy goodness (c:

 Rainy Friday "And I'm hanging on your words/ Like I always used to do./ The words they use so lightly/ I only feel for you."

 The Friday Five i) When you yell anti-American sentiments aloud and then try to offer urlLink Anna a donut, she'll tell you "I don't want your hate pastries!" (God, that girl is funny!) ii) urlLink Tazz gets confuddled when he gets into his car and hears "La Cucaracha". iii) There are more animals outside of the Bronx Zoo, than there actually are inside (Can I get a ringing of the inapropriate bell??) Furthermore the Cocanya rat is a new breed that Anna and I have renamed, as its old nomenclature (the "Mouse-like Hamster") was just half assed. iv) I have a H U G E crush on someone who is a smartass and knows it 'cause he reads my blog, lol. v) More people need to BUY urlLink Digger Phelps ...they're good, you wont regret it! **Management apologizes for the shittiness of this Friday Five, but well, this wasn't a really educational week. My bad!**

 Annoying Dear Joe, You are 10 pounds of monkey shit in a 5 pound bag. Fuck off and stop calling me! Gwen

 =w= "I'm shaking at your touch/ I like you way too much/ My baby I believe I'm falling for you."

 Random That is Deez, the bassist from trace element. He is REALLYFUCKINGHOT, I used to date him, now we're friends. Happy Birthday urlLink Boz 16 days til my birthday, 11 days til urlLink Anna's birthday. More people need to go to urlLink Tazz's Blog and leave comments. And finally, more people need to listen to urlLink Digger Phelps .

 Plug Your Friend's Band! Patches gave me the good idea to plug my friends band so ladies and gentlemen, I give you: urlLink Trace Element They're hot, they're excellent musicians, nice as hell and write awesome songs like urlLink Act II, Scene I Also, come see them at urlLink Arlene Grocery in lovely New York, NY on Thursday June 19, 2003 at 9pm...be there or be square. TRACE ELEMENT WOOOO!

 (c: "Some boys kiss me, some boys hug me I think they're O.K. If they don't give me proper credit I just walk away They can beg and they can plead But they can't see the light, that's right 'Cause the boy with the cold hard cash Is always Mister Right, 'cause we are Living in a material world And I am a material girl You know that we are living in a material world And I am a material girl Some boys romance, some boys slow dance That's all right with me If they can't raise my interest then I Have to let them be Some boys try and some boys lie but I don't let them play Only boys who save their pennies Make my rainy day, 'cause they are Living in a material world [material] Living in a material world Boys may come and boys may go And that's all right you see Experience has made me rich And now they're after me, 'cause everybody's Living in a material world [material] Living in a material world" Madonna always makes me smile. I love this song, it just came on at work.

 Good For A Laugh Last night, the infamous dirtbag, Joe, called me whilst I was out at Sidewalk Cafe with my friends. I harassed him, mocked him and basically belittled him to no end. I asked him if he was itchy, or if he had any new rashes. He didn't like that too much. Finally at like 12:30a.m. he calls back and the following conversation ensues: J: "So, uh are you seeing anyone?" Me: "Maybe...are YOU seeing anyone?" J: "Yeah I'm talking to someone" (for anyone outside of the North East area not hip to the lingo "talking to" means making out and hooking up, but no official commitment as of yet, but generally you don't "talk" to more than one person at a time). "So, I was wondering if maybe we could hang out this weekend...you know, I could come up to CT or something" Me: "Well I'm busy Friday and Saturday" J: "What about sunday?" Me: "I dunno, I usually sleep then, maybe another time." J: "Well I really miss you, Gwen. I can't stop thinking of you and I REALLY want to see you." Me: "Well what would this chick you're talking to think of that?" J: "I'm not talking to anyone...its no big deal we're not together. God, why do you have to be so angry and standoffish all the time" Me: "Thats another lie right there! Its too late for this. I'm sick of being lied to and clowned. Bye." (click) A little while later I get a text message that reads as follows "GWEN I MISS YOU DON'T BE ANGRY". He's such a fucking bo-tard scumbag. I think I might change my cell number so I don't have to listen to his lies anymore. Oooh maybe for my birthday someone will buy me a pitchfork & shovel to get rid of some of the bullshit in my life. That would be swell. I'm not angry though, I'm still happy, cheery, shiny Gwen. Yay yay yay!

 Aggrivation Is... ...having a H U G E crush on someone who has a girlfriend and not being CLOSE to the 1 month mark of a 2 month I swear off boys phase. Rar indeed!

 What Did I Learn Today? I learned that having never run a day in your life and having just quit smoking a lil while ago, that it is absolutely, unequivocally unrealistic to expect to RUN 1 mile in the morning. However I do have a lovely neighborhood to take a brisk walk in, so I did that. Hopefully I will build up to running. Any runners have any suggestions on how to "build up to it"?

 Weekend Update Oh my freaking God, I don't even know where to start with this weekend. I was awake from 6:15 am Friday morning until 3:00am Sunday Morning. Needless to say none of these recaps apply to Sunday as I was asleep the entire day but here is what I can remember from this weekend: Porn star Cali Xavier lives in my town, right near me. I met someone who stabbed someone and will be doing a stint in jail for 2+ yrs because of it...great... The weekend was filled with many ex-boyfriends and much cock blocking. You can't really call it a cock block when the offending c-blocker is the person's significant other. Quoth the T$: "Froddo Baggins is all over the fucking place" (I don't get it either) The Bronx Zoo rocks your socks off even when its really wet. Elephants really do need to be scratched. urlLink Jon , urlLink Gwen , urlLink Anna , & urlLink Sheepster in the Skyfari = one massive neurotic panic attack. urlLink Stew Leonards is the Happiest Place on earth. urlLink Meow TV is quality feline entertainment. It is entirely possible for 2 smallish girls under 5'4, to consume an entire bottle of Courvassier in one night. Its not clam shell or crab shanti: its the fucking crab shell! The skank factor was in full effect. Stan has not accepted his undeniable likeness to craig kilbourn or the hotness it entails. urlLink The Mouse-Like Hamster has been renamed the Cocanya Rat by urlLink Anna and I. I think for now thats all I can remember, but it was good times...good times indeed. I'll add more as it comes to me. **I just remembered: the Zoo Crew discovered that "w00t", while acceptable to say in an IM conversation is not acceptable to utter outloud in real life, cause it just sounds silly.**

 Sigh Wow, its amazing how some people breeze back into your life and can leave you feeling so high, so happy, just so...gosh I dunno, but the mere thought of them can leave a smile on your face all day long and just bring you way back to a time that you thought was gone. Those kind of days, those kind of people, those kinds of convos are what remind you of what its really like to be happy. Thank you. I needed that (c:

 Depressing, But Interesting urlLink This is a BMI (body mass index) calculator. It tells me that I am over weight. In order for me to be in the proper range I need to lose 30 pounds. 30 fucking pounds. Jesus. Okay now Im REALLY getting in shape becasue THIS is depressing. Ugh. Need a motivator to start that work out go here. Teetering on the edge of self esteem issues DON'T go here. Ugh.

 The Friday Five Its that time of the week again, time for the Friday five: 1) Some people (not just the X-Factor) have no concept of hygene or the common courtesy to think other people might care that they have to smell your reeking ass. (Sales guys at EB in the Pallisades center, I'm looking in your direction). 2) Picking on New Jersey leads to a slew of commenty backlash. Apologies are in order to urlLink Lisa , urlLink Michael (Not Mike) , urlLink Petrina and urlLink Patches . It was just a good natured ribbing. I mean look at me I'm from CT (Picture Wayne & Garth in front of a CT post card saying "we're in CT...it uh...connects better states"). 3) Even if you're a girl who generally sucks at video games, its possible for one of them to take over your life. ::cough::Zelda::cough:: 4) Tis the season to hit up the urlLink zoo . Not only am I taking a field trip with all of my fine feathered blogging friends to the Bronx zoo tomorrow, but urlLink Mo also had a zoo adventure this week. She rules, go read her blog, damn it! 5) June babies are the best. urlLink Anna's b-day is in 17 days, urlLink Boz's bday is in 6 days, and my divalicious day of birth is in 22 days. Put on your party hats, mother bitches. We expect blog mention on our big days!

 We're net working with my fabulous girlies, Missy & Anna, over at urlLink Rf Babies and we now have use of their tagboard. YOu can tag here and it will go up here, there to urlLink Anna's Blog & urlLink Doogie's Blog . All your blogs are belong to us.

 Weird Day Its 11:50 a.m. eastern standard time and I have just arrived at work. I should have been here at 8 am, but just before 6 there was an explosion and a fire underground in a manhole which knocked out the power to over half of my town. I plan on doing nothing in the four hours that I am here. Its very weird to be with out power. We had no phone, no hot water, no tv, no computer, no internet, no videogames, no radio, nothing. We were entirely shut off from the world. It was so crazy. Power is back on and I'm here at work again, but no one is here. We might get a REALLY cute puppy though. I'll keep y'all posted about that. Eeeeeee!

 Now Hear This! urlLink This is Fuzzy's blog. Go to it, read it, love it, leave her some awesome comments that tell her how fucking cool she is. She's witty, cool, good at cheering you up and I hear she makes wicked good urlLink brownies. She'll rock your socks off and leave you wanting more. Go forth and love her, damn it....I mean it, urlLink SCOOT!

 No More Zelda Before Bed I can't continue playing Zelda before my bedtime. Last night I had a series of bizzare dreams based on various facets of the urlLink Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker game. In one part I was swimming in the ocean and by doing different whistles I could control the direction that the waves would push me. I was trying to get to shore, but I had to do all these random tasks before the native peoples (who turned out to be Japanese) would let me ashore. The dream continued further when I acutally did come ashore I had to wander around Tokyo collecting various items. There was a black boy around my age there who smelled really nice. I found out it was becuase he kept cocobutter from the urlLink The Body Shop on hand and was constantly applying it so he didn't get ashy. Then urlLink Jeff was there as well as Patrick and Arelis and we were looking for a place to go smoke the pot I found. We went to some wierd kareoke bar/restaurant where all of my personal belongings were waiting in a suitcase. The matire'd approached us asking if we liked Mrs. Robinson...Patrick said yes and they brought us a tv with this wierd kareoke song playing and the video was of some little old lady in a house coat scaling the side of a mountain. WTF? I woke up and went back to sleep. I was in the urlLink Food Emporium thats by my job and I found my flute in the milk section, so I started playing various little songs on it. One of them was a water song and all of thse water falls started falling from the ceiling and the lighting went all blue and all these hella cool fountains showed up. I swam around some more, it was very refreshing. Mary W. the auditor from my job was there and she was thanking me for allowing her to have reasonably priced hydrotherapy, so she gave me a small orb, I took the orb to this really elaborate fountain in the back and the water turned to strawberry milk....I floated around and drank it for a bit. Then I woke up. Alas heres a quick math lesson for you PaxilCr + Zelda + bedtime = seriously wacky assed dreams.

 Random Thoughts 1. Come play with me on urlLink Friendster ...I need to have the most friends! 2. I bought a game cube over the weekend as an early birthday present for my divalicious self. Its purple and it came with 2 free games. Super Mario Sunshine and Legend of Zelda the Wind Waker. Wind waker is crack. I have done nothing but play that game since I got it. I'm not very far, but its so addictive. I spent 5 solid hours playing it last night....what the hell!??! Oh yeah and its purple which is pretty! 3. I am in a REALLY great mood today. I'm not sure why, but I am....so I'm giving you all a gigantic CYBER HUG & KISS! ((Everyone!)) *c: (MwAh!)

 The Virus Is Spreading Please welcome our newest member to the blogging community urlLink Doogie! He's one sexy mofo, smart as all hell and I am HONORED to call him a member of my circle of freinds. Doogie doogie he's our man, if he can't do it....uh....well you like get the point!

 Woo Hoo! I'm angel of the month for June 2003! Thanks Bozley! Oh yeah and big ups to all my fellow June Babies urlLink Boz & urlLink Anna . 26 days til my birthday! Start shopping now! Wooooo!

 Weird Dream #2,975,698 Last night I dreamt I was with urlLink Petrina in her car with les kitties headed to urlLink Whitey's house. We ended up gettign there, but it wasn't a house it was an overcrowded urlLink Starbucks and everyone was getting uppity because there was only one person working there. I got behind the counter and started making lattes like I hadn't left my management position there 3 years ago. All of a sudden we were running around in a field and one of Petrina's cats was being attached by a vampire. Note to self: don't watch The Lost Boys right before bedtime....its not gonna end well.

 Thought of the Day These are my new words to live by: "There is no bitch like a man." - Coco Chanel....I give up on all of you. FUCK!

 I DID IT! Today, July 28, 2003, is the end of my relationship strike. Way back on May 28th, I pledged to myself that I wouldn't have a boyfriend or get involved in a relationship for 2 months. I did it. (The fact that there were little to no prospects kind of helped, but damn it, I did it). I have decided to celebrate by asking one of my crushes out to lunch and see where it goes from there (c:

 This F'n Rules Big ups to urlLink Patches for the link

 Angry Politically Incorrect Rant For The Day I fucking hate it when I go somewhere and people are being waited on in Spanish. Hello, did you get the memo that this is America and in America we speak ENGLISH! What's our national language again: oh yeah, thats right....ENGLISH! Maybe they didn't tell you that when you jumped the border or your raft washed ashore, but here in America we speak English, not Spanish when getting a public service or while out dealing with the public. I wouldn't go to Mexico, Guatemala, Columbia or wherever else you migth be from and be ballsy enough to expect the person I'm speaking to to speak english with me when clearly its not the national language. I don't care if you English is barely comprehensible, at least you're TRYING to speak the language, and with practice it will get better, but this is not your country, and you left said country for a reason so get used to how it is here....Rar! **Yes, I am really this insensitive...** Also I want to welcome urlLink Gary to the blogging community (his link is also in the sidebar) and he buys me kick ass birthday presents! Also I'm really getting into urlLink Blu's blog. I've seen her comment's on Boz's site forever and just never got around to reading it, but I'm loving it (so she's in the linkbar now too!).

 Fuck off Enetation Fuck you, enetation, fuck you in your limey ass.

 Like Some Sort of Kooky Acid Trip urlLink What the hell?!? I have also started running Haloscan commenting parallel with the enetation system. Don't want to lose my old comments (cause some rocked) but EN has been sucking a lot lately. Halsocan are the first set of comments now on the bloggeroo so comment away!

 Kick The Sandman In The Sack Well my paxil has finally and completely fucked me over. The insomnia listed as one of its bastard side effects has finally kicked in. Last night I tried to go to bed at 10 pm, because I legitimately felt tired, however, paxil decided that for my body, this wasn't going to happen until 3 fucking AM this morning when I had to be up at 6:15 to get ready for work. The sleep I got was decent and I'm not that tired this morning, but I know if this keeps up all week its gonna get bad. Furthermore, not being able to fall asleep stresses me out and makes me feel pressured and I start gettign all panicky, which is exactly what the paxil is supposed to prevent. No sir, I don't like it. All you late night IM-ers might have a new buddy though if this keeps up. Feh! Oh yeah and as for the urlLink "Boz's Labor Day Weightloss Challenge" I, much like urlLink Anna , have lost 4 lbs already. Only 16 more to go. Think I can do it? We'll see!

 Man It Feels Good To Be A Gangsta Last night was AWESOME. I went to a party in Shaolin (Staten Island, What what!) with urlLink Missy , urlLink Anna & Ashley, for urlLink Jeff's friend's birthday. It was fun mostly cause there was this yummy red drink that snuck up on you, there was some decent eye candy and because we were the girls that all the guys wanted to talk to and all the girls could only just talk about. We were the hot, bitchy girls who no one knew (and normally who I hate) and it never felt better. I love my girlies. I can't wait to do it again in Boston!

 I Can't Help Loving This Song I'm only happy when it rains I'm only happy when it's complicated And though I know you can't appreciate it I'm only happy when it rains You know I love it when the news is bad And why it feels so good to feel so sad I'm only happy when it rains Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me I'm only happy when it rains I feel good when things are going wrong I only listen to the sad, sad songs I'm only happy when it rains I only smile in the dark My only comfort is the night gone black I didn't accidentally tell you that I'm only happy when it rains You'll get the message by the time I'm through When I complain about me and you I'm only happy when it rains Pour your misery down, Pour your misery down Pour your misery down on me Pour your misery down Pour your misery down Pour your misery down Pour your misery down on me Pour your misery down Pour your misery down Pour your misery down Pour your misery down on me Pour your misery down Pour your misery down You can keep me company As long as you don't care I'm only happy when it rains You wanna hear about my new obsession? I'm riding high upon a deep depression I'm only happy when it rains Pour some misery down on me I'm only happy when it rains Pour some misery down on me I'm only happy when it rains Pour some misery down on me I'm only happy when it rains Pour some misery down on me I'm only happy when it rains Pour some misery down on me ...

 Music You Need To Be Listening To: urlLink Trace Element urlLink Silent Film Score urlLink The Refreshments urlLink Goldfinger urlLink The Get Up Kids urlLink Belly urlLink Zebrahead urlLink Athenaeum

 The Friday Five of Cute Animals Chinchilla Chipmunk Sugar Glider Hedgehog Jack Russell Terrier (now known as the Parsons Terrier) Can you handle all that cuteness?!? C'mon, collective awwwwwww.

 When Proms Go Bad urlLink Too Good To Pass Up

 Another Wierd Dream Last night I had another wierd dream. I was in a urlLink Stew Leonard's-esque grocery store when Arnold Schwarzennager walks in and this guy I know, urlLink Rich , walks up to him and starts kissing his ass so hard, I was like embarassed to be there. Anyhow, Arnold walks out and we all stand around talking about it. Then he walks back in in his Terminator leather jacket and opens fire on everyone with a street sweeper. I grab my friend Ashley's hand and we start running and climbing through offices and out of windows scaling down all of these terraces and balconies. We get on the ground and start running but we're too slow to out run him, so I show her how to fly (drugs are bad, mmm kay?) and we are like running and flying and jumping off all these cliffs. We get to somewhere we think is safe to hide and there are all these evil cult girls (like Rose McGowan from Jawbreaker) who want to cut our thumbs and take our blood so they can make us evil and we wont be able to be killed by Arnold. I don't like this 'cause we'd still be evil, but they start talking to Ashley about how she looks like a soccer player and she starts to fall for the trap and I save her and we jump off a cliff and then I woke up. I kinda wanna know how it ends though. I think ultimately I am less upset that I was trying to be killed by Arnold, and more upset that I was dreaming of Rich.

 Aragorn Is SOFUCKINGHOT! Keep your crappy Legolas (well he's hawt too) Aragorn is where its at, ladies. (Yes, I stole this from urlLink Lou so fuck off)

 Weekend Recap Another weekend gone by, another great time had by all involved. It started Thursday night at my friend John's happy hour party. Lots of friends from high school showed up and we danced and drank into the night. I woke up at 4 a.m. feeling like the budweiser clydesdales were riverdancing across my head, tylenol fixed that and I worked my lil bummy off. Friday I went out for drinks at a bar called Barcelona with an unnamed someone. Details on this someone will come later, but I don't want to jinx anything. I collected Ashley from the scumbag's house and we wen't BACK to Thirsty Turtle for some good old fashioned drinking and bar dancing. The "someone" (S.O.) from Barcelona showed up with his friend in tow and we hung out after Ashley left me stranded at the bar. Me, soemone and his friend went to Davey Burns (a bar which is as much a Greenwich High School reunion as it is anything else) and ate some fries and rode of into the early minutes of the 3 am hour. It was a really nice night. I got home to get a phone call from SO to say good night and slept away. Saturday: wake up, go to Stew Leonard's with my mommy, came home and hit up the gym and then back over to Ashley's where we pregamed before hitting up turtle. Met this totally awesome girl called Carrie from upstate New York, totally sweet and her friends were rockin' too, so it turned it to one girly estrogen fest complete with girlie shots and grabbing of boy's bums. Bob and John showed up at Turtle in the midst of one of our shows on the bar and we hung with them for a bit, they're very chill dudes. We went to Playland and hung with some rent-a-cops who were drinking Mike's hard lemonade and then back to Davey Burns where we left after 5 minutes. It was awful. Sunday was my mommy's birthday so I pampered her and took extra good care of her and it ended with a super yummy hibachi dinner at Abis. Yum Yum! I think I'm a little "turtled-out" for now, but I won a free happy hour party from there for 25 people, so I guess one more night out there won't hurt, right? I wish I could gush a little bit more about SO, but its a little early to have anythign to write about and I'm not sure who is reading this. I don't care if he sees it, but I don't need all these other G'wich people up in my bidness. Anyhow I promise to start blogging more frequently and I will start catching up on reading you all and commenting, as I've been quite remiss about it since July started. Take care, lovies!

 This Makes So Much Sense I know I got a bad reputation and it isn't just talk, talk, talk If I could only give you everything You know I haven't got I couldn't have one conversation If it wasn't for the lies, lies, lies And still I ought to tell you everything 'till I close my eyes Suddenly I'm on the street Seven years disappear below my feet Been breaking down Do you want me now? Do you want me now? Suddenly I'm down in Harold's Square Looking in the crowd, your face is everywhere Been turning around Do you want me now? Do you want me now? Don't try to be an inspiriation Just wasting your time, time, time You know about the best I'll ever be See it in your eyes - FJ

 Friday Five (For Real) 1. Do you remember your first best friend? Who was it? It was a girl called Johanna Cheslock in Nursery School. She and I used to play Scooby Doo in the pool. She was always Velma and I was Daphne 2. Are you still in touch with this person? No, because she moved and we met up again in High School, but were too different. She became best friends with my current best friend, and in an odd twist of events I saw her last night for the first time in 6 yrs at a bar. 3. Do you have a current close friend? Of course, I have several...they know who they are (c: 4. How did you become friends with this person? Some through high school and middle school, some through the internet. 5. Is there a friend from your past that you wish you were still in contact with? Why? My other best freind from nursery school, Jesse Kovacs, because I heard he got into some trouble with drugs and I would like to try and help him, and no one makes a better ice cream sundae or plays G.I. Joes so fun as him.

 I Am An Insensitive Bitch I only scored 10 out of 20 correct on urlLink this quiz. Damn me and my lack of senses! Thanks to urlLink Lou for the link!

 Back for Now God everything is insanely crazy here at work, which is where I do most of my blogging since I have issues blogging from my previous and my brother's PC was being commandeered by our house guest. I have, however, found a quiet moment so I decided I'd write. I've got nothing of real significance to say, as I've been in one of my "I ran out of paxil on Friday and its now days later and I'm sickies" funks, but I have my paxil and I'm feeling much better. I am trying to get motivated to get my butt to the gym and actually USE the membership I'm paying for (my paxil-less funks leave me nauseous and winy in bed which makes it hard to do anything else) Next week I will be starting a new eating plan (mostly Japanese cuisine like sushi and rice) and salads and water only. Of course I will be able to have a few snackies here and there, but I'm really gonna try hard to lose weight with urlLink Boz and the others who are working on it. I also want to say thank you to urlLink Lou & urlLink Lisa for the wonderful birthday & Disney pressies and to Lisa for cheering me up over a sushi dinner, it was wonderful and I absolutely adore you and your company! (c: I wish I had something witty or entertaining to write, but its the middle of the week during my busy season at work...always a quiet time. Take care my lovely bloggy neighbours. I'll catch ya on the flipside!

 As American as Sand In Your Asscrack Wow, my poor little bloggy poo, I have neglected you so much as its been quite a busy time here at work lately, but I will sneak in this time to show some love. I had an absolutely amazing weekend. I got to spend time with ALL of my friends, which really ruled. Thursday night out at Thirsty Turtle was filled with some really great times with my friends from highschool, some of whom I haven't seen since the summer after graduation, and now most of them have graduated college. I danced with the upper classmen from varsity football team who wouldn't have (and didn't) give me the time of day in high school and I laughed in their faces and got away with openly mocking them and they were none the wiser. It was oddly (and in some ways pathetically) empowering. I think its safe to say they've all jumped the goddamned shark. Friday: suare at Chez urlLink Anna and the urlLink RF Babies Mansion. Anna has a very deck deck. We swam, we drank frozen appletinis, we saw some fireworks, Anna's house was almost blown up, I got to spend time with my wonderful hubby, urlLink Patches (who makes an awesome cd!), the urlLink Doogster came out and partied and urlLink Maria and I made a whirlpool with everyone in the pool. Saturday I cooked this delicious orzo with summer vegetable salad to enjoy with my family at our barbeque. My cookies however, were not so successful, but eh, we'll survive with out all the fat. Saturday night I went to my friend Megan's house who has a bitchin pool and a waterslide! (yes, a W A T E R S L I D E !) it ruled. We chilled, we drank some beers and the new frozen urlLink Arbor Mist drinks which were yum. Finally around 2 am I called it a night only to wake up at 9 the next morning to go to Jones Beach in Long Island with all my girlies. It was sunny, warm, a perfect day for reading and listening to jazz on the beach. We got thrown in the ocean, got sand in our bums, but it was absolutely delightful. :::le sigh::: I can not imagine a more perfect weekend. (c: Hope all of you had as great a time as I did. <3

 I Salute Connecticuts Finest At my job I have to read through police reports and decided whether or not the violation is false or not depending on the description here is an excerpt from one of those logs: 18:32 33 Riversville Road - Glenville Elementary School: Building checked and secure, key holder, stacy romain related that a hamster is missing somehwere in the bldg and may have set off motion detector 21:17 33 Riversville Road - Glenville Elementary School: The bldg was checked, but the rogue hamster was able to evade capture at this time. God, Im proud of our police force. This is an actual report turned in by an acutal police officer. No wonder half of the fuckups from my graduating class are now on the police force.

 Pooh Bear is So Wise "When late morning rolls around and you're feeling a bit out of sorts, don't worry, you're probably just a little 11 o'clock-ish" - Milne

 Ugh It is now 1:15pm and I am DREADING the impending arrival of Dean, my project manager. Dean is a retired engineer and he means well he but has the annoying habbit of creating all of these theoretical situations and then says "well i know it doesn't matter but what if..." Well, Dean, if it doesn't matter why are you even wasting my time with it, ass? Dean is bringing with him, Bob, the other project manager. This isn't even a real project but they're kicking all of these hypothetical and utterly impossible situations around becuase people in my town are lawsuit happy. I appreciate they're trying to cover their ass, but they're overlooking the most basic aspects of the project in attempts to cover said ass. I wish I never got assigned to this project. Rar.

 Also G I G A N T I C, HUMUNGOUS, girlie hugs to urlLink Petrina and urlLink Tina for their fabulous thoughtfulness and wonderful pressies. Hugs & smooches!

 Birthday Pics My cousin, me and my best friend, Ashley. urlLink Tazz and I. urlLink Missy & urlLink Jeff Me & my tiara (and my kitty, Sonic)

 Can you hammer a 6 inch spike threw a board with your penis? - urlLink Real Genius is on Comedy Central rihgt now and im still eating Triscuits Take that All of you put it in your hats then put your hats on your head then be like oh whats in my hair then look and it ill be like eww i got that in my hair

 Triscuits Are the best and if you Dissagree You can Eat my Taz-O-berrys

 Trouble My mom is really upset and not talking to me because she found out that I signed for Ashley's car. She is really, really pissed and yelling and she is saying that I'm not allowed to hang out with Ashley anymore. I'm 22 so she can't really do that, but she made an excellent point: I have been there for Ashley through EVERYTHING and she juts keeps fucking me over. She's not my friend.

 I love urlLink Katie Holmes

 Yay! Today is a really great day at work for me. Not only is it the Friday before a long weekend, but I came to work today to find the following email from the Comptroller, my department head: "Gwen, With your upcoming involvement in the Budgeting and Accounting processes we are transferring your function and direct reporting from Joyce to Mary. This will be effective September 1, 2003." Now, when this happened to my friend Anthony (transfer of function) he became a financial analyst. From how it is explained to me I am to be doing the exact same thing as Anthony, I will be supporting the Budget Driector and the Chief Accountant. This is really exciting for me becuase while its not been expressly stated the transfer from Administrative Staff Assistant to Financial Analyst means a change in unions as well as a pay increase to put me on the same level as Anthony. Knowing that its a unionized environment I am not gonna hold my breath waiting for the raise, but Financial Analyst looks much better on a resume than Administrative Assistant. I am SO excited. Not to metnion the fact that Mary is much more amicable and agreeable and far less nosy than Joyce. Wooo woooo wooooooo!

 New Blogs & A Contest Everyone please welcome urlLink Docks , urlLink Jen (aka Selective Thoughts) and urlLink IA . Much entertainment will be found and readily available in the "Roll Call" on your immediate right. Now onto the contest....We are adopting the little fella pictured below. He' is a Shih Tzu and needs a home. What should we name him? The winner will get much blog proppage.

 8 Mile I decided to do a follow up post to the almighty and wise Don Labia's previous one. Earlier this year he purchase a bootleg copy of the movie from Chinatown in New York and I wanted to read you the little description blurb from the back of the box. I did NOT edit this in any way, if I had a working scanner I would let y'all see for yourselves: The stroy begin froms Detroit of winter 1995. In the hip-hop of a by name The Shelter Club, each to the weekend singers all get together, proceed the perform-ance game of man to man 60 second, and finally be decided by crowd who is this of enter the next to the out the week champion. When the round arrive the small rice Smith to gon on stage to perform he is however a card hull. Dude, what the F U C K does that even mean? Translate, please, anyone!

 urlLink VMA Theroy

 I watched Eminem's urlLink 8-mile last night

 Dog Years....Season of The Itch urlLink This should be entertaining for a good .5 seconds. Enjoy! (if you get the title reference, I'm scared of you.)

 All this talk of urlLink Mars being close makes me Wonder when will urlLink Uranus be its closest

 A Little of This, A Little of That *~*"Sometimes you get shown the light in the strangest of places, if you look at it right" - J. Garcia*~* Lots of goings on, but nothing really to write about.... The summer is rapidly winding down, school starts Tuesday and work just keeps on keepin' on. I have to say though, this has been one of the Best Summers I've had in a LONG time. From the urlLink Boston trip , to the Strike Long Island Party, urlLink Anna's 4th of July party, urlLink Doogie's softball game, the Bronx Zoo trip, nights out in the city, random keggers in Shaolin where we tried to fight really big dudes, the Blow Job room at Bar 9, Silent Film Score shows, Bon Jovi Concerts with urlLink Tazz , trips to Jones Beach, nights out at bars, my birthday, Anna's birthday, God, such great times. I love all of you who were there to share in it (even if I couldn't figure out how to work in a link to ya!). You're all truly amazing people and I'm both proud and lucky to call y'all friends. Okay enough of the mushy, smooshy crap...I'm just in a really great mood. I dunno why, well, I DO know why (but thats none of your bizniss!). I think we all need to get together and find a really great way to "Officially" close out the summer, or at very least get crackin' on our Halloween plans or perhaps a weekend in Montreal. Don't worry, all you underagers can come too. Montreal is a veritable mecca for the 18+ crowd, legal drinking, gambling, amazing nightlife, the American dollar goes pretty far there and its only a short jaunt across the border. What do we say, eh? Oh and I know its not over yet, but urlLink Boz totally kicked ass in his Labor Day Weightloss Challenge. And while we're talking about the other crazy cats in the "Magical Land of Blog" I have to say, I really miss urlLink Mo . Thats all she wrote....

 A Few Entirely Random Post Lunchies Thoughts... urlLink This song totally rocks and I can't get it out of my head nor can I stop listening to it over and over and over again. The whole cd is pretty good, acutally, but this one is just so darn catchy. I am quite happy as I just got an extremely "yay" package in the mail from urlLink Sephora I think I might apply for a jobby there during the holiday season just for a bitchin' discount. My face hurts because I can't stop smiling or thinking about you and I am so excited to see you tomorrow and I just wanted to thank you for the billionth time for reminding me how great it is when you're giddy like a little five year old. :) urlLink Trace Element will be playing Thursday October 23, 2003 at the urlLink The Thirsty Turtle in Stamford. Happy hour and rockin' eye candy? You all better be there!

 I Stink! In posting about urlLink bands , I completely forgot to mention urlLink Digger Phelps (the band, not the guy). Its probably becuase of my secret subconcious vendetta against urlLink Whitey and his urlLink band . Nah, I dont really hate you, I just am a forgetful young Gwen sometimes.

 Dear Sad Jesse Dear Jesse from urlLink Friendster you sent me this Subject : LARP -Don, Don't know how often that you travel down the coast or not but their is a brand new LARP called ULTRA if you have a weekend free come check us out. ultralarp.com- YOUR SO SO SO SO SO SAD i have larp on my intrests as a joke you sad sad sad man or boy the end

 Update urlLink Unhallowed has been added to the band links in the center. Make sure to check 'em out, and send Moe some bacon. In other musical news: urlLink Trace Element has an upcoming show on Friday September, 19, 2003 at Arlene Grocery. Hope to see some of y'all there!

 Why to Spend your Money Tomarrow Monday

 Weekend Recap Friday: I had a horrible and otherwise awfully boring day at work. This was counteracted by a really stellar night out for some dinner at urlLink Stir Crazy followed by some rocking skee ball action at urlLink Dave & Busters . I also won a grover doll which is SO cute and I discovered I have enough tickets to win the television and the Atari. Yes, the old skool awesome 1980's atari. I want that mother! It all was capped off by some innocent smooching in the parking lot with a very cute boy. (c: Saturday: Yard work (feh!) with my mommy and then some shopping and some napping. Then I headed down into the city with the Dapper Don, urlLink Jon and urlLink Anna for some yummy munchies at urlLink Monster Sushi . I will leave out the part how Jon, Don & I got lost in the 'hood of Brooklyn (BK, holla!). Manhattan traffic sucks balls especially down by the Ferry. Sunday: Much needed sleep, Megan's Birthday BBQ and some good old fashioned Carrie time on Sex In the City. I am pooped right now and looking forward to hittin' the proverbial hay, but I have a feeling I'm gonna be up for a bit. Why are weekends so short?!?!

 Flash Mob (FLASH mawb) n. A large group of people who gather in a usually predetermined location, perform some brief action, and then quickly disperse Dear Flash Mobs your crazy the end

 urlLink RIP Wesley Willis !

 Friday Five 1. When was the last time you laughed? Last night at Jenny Hauser's BBQ after happy hour. God crazy times, old skool kids around. 2. Who was the last person you had an argument with? Joe, my old boyfriend 3. Who was the last person you emailed? Jon, to tell him who his secret internet crush looks like 4. When was the last time you bathed? This morning before work. 5. What was the last thing you ate? Ramen Noodles for lunchies...yum oriental flavor. GROVERISSOFUCKINGCUTE!

 urlLink I love the 70 s with commentary wiht peoepl who were only 5 when the 70s ended

 Announcement (After Eight Drinks...thank god for edit!) I have a crush on someone who is cute.... That is all. Fin........ Stop reading, freakface! Feh!

 Vocab Lesson friend ( P ) Pronunciation Key (frnd) n. A person whom one knows, likes, and trusts. A person whom one knows; an acquaintance. A person with whom one is allied in a struggle or cause; a comrade. One who supports, sympathizes with, or patronizes a group, cause, or movement: friends of the clean air movement. bank2 ( P ) Pronunciation Key (bngk) n. A business establishment in which money is kept for saving or commercial purposes or is invested, supplied for loans, or exchanged. The offices or building in which such an establishment is located. Friend DOES NOT EQUAL bank Bonus word (lets remember this one): promise ( P ) Pronunciation Key (prms) n. A declaration assuring that one will or will not do something; a vow. Something promised.

 help

 urlLink He's Here urlLink He's Queer Get Used to it

 Gratuitous Inspired by urlLink Lisa's Blog and her recent trip to the Justified & Stripped tour I needed to give y'all some much needed eye candy. Is there anything more perfect? I submit that there is not...

 Do-Over Back to pink, cause I'm too much of a girl not to have it. <3 PiNk!

 Untitled Injuns stole all my wampum...I'm broke til Friday.

 Fuck You Friday This is a giant FUCK YOU to Canada. Thats right, I said it. Fuck you ya fuckin' canucks. Don't tell us what this poweroutage was aboot. Its aboot the fact that your fucking beady little eyes and flapping heads couldn't see a lightning strike coming and you're too big of pussies to take some fucking responsiblity so you try to blame it on New York. Step off, bitchfaggots! I hate you! You ruined my sushi dinner last nite!

 Dear Papermate Clear Point Mechainacal Pencil Girl Teacher from the Comercial ... I love you You know the Comercial - It is the comercial where its in a Classroom and the Teacher is looking at a Boy playing with the pencil and the voice over is saying danny or somthing this is my favorite pencil remeber to give it back and the Kid is being a lil creep with it then she gets all freaked out and says Pencils Down!! urlLink

 I took a nap and wake up and there no Power across tha land "Shits Fucked up" I guess terroist are going after the cranky person on there way home or finaly take out thoose pesky sick and elderly people or its Enrons fault when in doubt blame enron

 TaDa! Changing some things around the old sitearooney, you can now email Don or myself via linkage on the left, you can still check out our other great bloggy friedns with new linkage under the tagboard on the right. Pictures or some graphical element will come soon, but for now, this is all ya gets, motherbitches. Anyhow, not much exciting going on in the world of Divadom...I'm down 4lbs since Monday. Me and some of the people in my office got together to do the whole "weight watchers points" thing. Its workign. Woo wooo wooo! I'm acutally gonna skip urlLink Happy Hour tonight, 'cause I'm sick of drinking and feeling shitty on week nights, and I am going to urlLink the casino with my grandparents on Monday, so I gotta save me some ducats. Also: the people at Lake Mohican are bitches, but cokeheads cook a mean steak. If you dont get it dont worry, you're not supposed to. Fuck off, urlLink smokey the bear & take urlLink your bitch, McGruff, with you!

 Funnyest Headline of the day is

 As my first Offical Guest Blog I Ask

 Announcement Until Tunekies is back up and running, the Sheep, aka Don Labia, will be guest blogging, or coblogging on my blog. With my lil pink graphics and girlie stuffs.

 For The Sheep Silent Film Score Shows!! AUGUST 15th at Rexplex (Elizabeth, NJ) with: Hidden in Plain View, Modesty Pannel, The Goodwill, MAVERICK $8 AUGUST 16th at Le Grande Fromage in Atlantic City with: Fairmont, Anti - Anti, Lucas Brasi, Quiet Life 8PM $8 Sunday August 17th at Hamilton St Cafe with: The Killing, A Black Veil Affair (formerly Makeshift), The Stand In (formerly Ugly Stick), Played Out, Transit 6PM $7

 Grrrrr Dear AssClowns in I.T., Stop fuckign with the network, your ruining my mojo and I dont like it. Thanks, Gwen

 Sleeping to Dream **No, these aren't about ANYBODY, so chill out, they're just awesome lyrics to amazing songs by Jason Mraz...fuck the remedy, go check out the rest of his stuff, he's phenomenal** I'm dreaming of sleeping next to you I'm feeling like a lost little boy in a brand new town I'm counting my sheep and each one that passes is another dream to ashes and they all fall down. As I lay me down tonight, I close my eyes and what a beautiful sight I'm sleeping to dream about you I'm so tired of having to live without you So I'm sleeping to dream about you and I'm so tired I found myself in the riches (Your eyes, your lips, your hair.) Well you were everywhere But I woke up in the ditches. I hit the light and I thought you might be here but you were nowhere. You were nowhere at home. As I lay me back to sleep Lord I pray that I can keep Sleeping to dream about you I'm so tired of having to live without you So I'm sleeping to dream about you and I'm so tired (It's just a little a lullaby to keep myself from crying myself to sleep at night.) Sleeping to dream about you I'm so tired of having to live without you So I'm sleeping to dream about you and I'm so tired - j. mraz

 R - i - i - i - i - ght (Alternate Title: Drugs Are Bad, Mmmkay?) My ex boyfriend is a complete and utter bo-tard. He's still really drugged up, he's still moving furniture and thinks that somehow a little fairy will flitter down and come and make him a rockstar. (Good luck with that, idiot.) Apparently within the last couple of days he has had a run-in with God. This was such a big deal that he had to call me and tell me about it and how its a "sign" that we should get back together. When he and I were dating our anniversary was 02.22.02. Apparently Thursday night he was having a rough night, the drugs weren't being so kind to him and he was feeling like the failure he is. He went to the ATM to withdrawl money, his balance was $22.02. He went to the counter, bought his pack of Marlboro red's and headed home. On his way home (and I recall all of this based on his telling it to me last night) he asked God to send him someone who would help him and a sign that he wasn't completely alone and doomed to fail. He goes upstairs, smokes a joint and picks up his sister's cell phone. He scrolls through her phone book and my name (and new cell # he didn't have) show up at #22. According to my simple-minded ex, it was "fate" that "our numbers" kept popping up everywhere so he had to call me and try and get back together with me. I have also been informed that if I deny that we should get back together that I am lying to myself. Apparently he's unaware of the fact that a) he choked me and threatened to cut and burn me b) accused me of stealing 2 grand from him and c) cheated on me twice (once with his ex with herpes who he later found out he had gotten pregnant, but he swears they used protection). Apparently now though, even though she's terminated her pregnancy, he realizes sex is no joke and "hasn't been with anyone since me", except for that girl who his sister told me he was sleeping with in the HALLWAY OF THEIR APARTMENT! (Classy!). I told him to get bent and not call my house anymore. Why is my life filled with retards?

 You & I Both Was it you who spoke the words that things would happen but not to me Oh things are gonna happen naturally And taking your advice I'm looking on the bright side And balancing the whole thing But often times those words get tangled up in lines And the bright lights turn to night Until the dawn it brings A little bird who'll sing about the magic that was you and me Cause you and I both loved What you and I spoke of What you and I spoke of Others only dream of the love that I love See I'm all about them words Over numbers, unencumbered numbered words Hundreds of pages, pages, pages forwards More words then I had ever heard and I feel so alive Now you and I, you and I Not so little you and I anymore And with this silence brings a moral story more importantly evolving is the glory of a boy you and I both loved what you and I spoke of and others just read of and if you could see now well I'm already finally out of and it's okay if you have go away just remember the telephone works both ways and if I never ever hear it ring if nothing else I'll think the bells inside have finally found you someone else and that's okay cause I'll remember everything you sang you and I both loved what you and I spoke of and others just read of and if you could see now well I'm already finally out of words. - j. mraz

 Sexiest Man Alive Most fun concert, good songs, good times, Jason Mraz. Thanks for the invite, urlLink Jon .

 Cease Fire I dont know how everything got so out of hand with everyone. I don't know when we became the people we hate. I don't know when or how or why we split off from a community where factions were being formed and chaos was pitting people against each other just to form a new, smaller one which has broken down more rapidly. I say that I dont like drama, yet I often find myself awash in a sea of it. I have a tendency to care too much about what people will think about me so I take to a group mentality. Thats wrong, I am a free thinking, intelligent individual and I am capable of thinking for myself. I know I don't have to like everyone and I know not everyone has to like me. I'm not a bad person at the core, but I've become very ugly on the inside. Its fun having close friends and I love them dearly, but I've also made some quick personality judgements becuase of it. I know I am gonna catch hell and mockings from some people for this, but I dont care, if you were a good person you would respect me for being an adult and for recognizing my mistakes. I would like to offer an apology to several people: Liz, Matt, Maria, Amy, Joe and I'm sure there are others that I'm forgetting: I am sorry for not taking the time to get to know you before I judged you and I'm sorry that I may have treated you harshly out of going with the group. I'm sorry that I let what other people had to say influence how I treated you. That was wrong and I know an apology is too little and often times too late, but I hope you will at least recognize this as an extension of an olive branch. I'm not asking that we become best friends nor am I asking that you even try and give me the time of day, thats entirely up to you, but I hope you will at least realize that I am sorry for how I treated you in the past. That was petty, childish and othewise wrong. The pot shots that were taken are not "my style" and I'm embarassed for that, alot of what I know (or rather don't know) about you is all based on things others have said, and really, who am I (who is anyone) to judge someone else. To my friends and others with whom I am NOT fighting. I hope you won't hold this against me. This is all getting very petty though, and its not fun anymore when we have to walk on eggshells. I'm not saying I want to be best friends with everyone, nor do I expect all of us to get along and hang out, but I hope you will all start to realize the path we were collectively headed down is wrong. I want this to continue to be as fun as it was, like back in the Hard Rock Farewell party, that was a fun time. We're all adults so lets take one anothers hand and all climb out of the sandbox. I love you all, but I can't stand the fighting. Its really starting to get to me. I am blaming no one and I hope you will all see that, I just need to take some time away and "unplug" to sort myself out. I'm not expecting everyone to get together and sing and be happy, but I do hope some of these rifts can be mended as truly, there is no need for them in the first place. If we all got to know one another before making these cursory assesments of character we'd all be a lot better off. Who knows, we could be missing out on knowing some really great people. I am in no way resigning from the babies board or this blog nor am I calling anyone out on anything. I just felt I needed to get thsi all off my chest.

 On Life... Right now I feel as though I'm on the verge of an era of civil unrest. I don't know where it will errupt from first: my family, my freinds or my friends from home. My mom is constantly venting how much she is angry with my aunt (who lives across the street from us) and its getting to a boiling point becuase all of the responisiblity for 3 households is being dumped on my mother. Granted, my brother and I help out, but we don't really know how much more we can do. I take that back, I help out, my brother runs around and smokes pot with the other neighborhood hoodlums, and he owes me $135. (Pay up you smarmy bitch!) Last night I had a dream that my best friend from home, Ashley and I, had a huge falling out and it was very public and very bitter and it was a dirty, mean and otherwise nasty war of words. I'm scared to think this might be coming. I don't forsee any reason why it would, but generally when I dream about something thats not totally insane and wacky it will generally happen within a month. I'm also starting to rethink my whole "Hey, Ash, let's get an apartment together" kick I was on. I can only be responsible for me and I have to lead by example, not by doing everything for people. Finally this morning I saw that a lot of drama had apparently occured over night. I think people are starting to think that my friends and I are bitches. Yes, we are bitches to a certain extent. Yes, we are "those girls" who are gossipy and mock everyone, but we do it more as a joke than anything else. People really need to learn to lighten up. Everyone gets down on us for beign bitchy, but I know personally that my outward "I'm better than you" act is just that, an act, 'cause on the inside I'm quite insecure, but being able to act this way gives me some sort of sense of self esteem in my life. Maybe I'm just PMSy and moody. Who knows.

 B O S T O N **Warning: this post is REALLY long, but I hope you guys enjoy it. Be sure and click all of the links, because no 2 links are the same, and some of them are pictures from our trip while others are awesome links! I hope you make it to the end, good luck and Godspeed!** God, where do I even start trying to recap this weekend?!? I know I'm gonna leave a kajillion things out, but here goes: Friday Anna, Missy and I arrive in Boston in the early afternoon and we're greeted by a cutie with the Bah-ston accent who wants to "pahk our cah". Check in and check out the urlLink room. Real plates and glasses, silverware, a fridge, heated floors everything was brand new, free highspeed internet access, alright, we were kinda pimpin'. We were starving so we wandered around the Charlestown 'hood, but we some how ended up in the urlLink ghetto , so we called for a cab and decided not to wait on the corner 'cause we'd look like some hookers. The cabbie picks us up and takes us to urlLink Newbury Street for some K I L L E R shopping. We had a quick lunch and realized in Boston that they don't talk about the penis so much as they talk about the "CAHCK" (those wacky Massholes!) Anyhow we hit up urlLink the shops at the Prudential Center and spent WAY too much money in urlLink Sephora (you devil store, you!) . Back to the room for some time primp and get ready to go out. urlLink We got all gussied up to go out and pimp it with some of the local boys. We asked the valet guys in the lobby where we should go and they suggested a delightful little spot which I now hold dear to my heart, called urlLink The Rack . We were all a little skeptical on it, but it turned out to be a veritable martini Mecca! At the Rack we enjoyed a myriad of delightful new 'tinis like the trusted old favorite urlLink the Apple Martini. This one, however, had a new twist, it was served in a glass rimmed with green sugar, and garnished with a cherry, candy apple slice and a little jungle animal toy. There were also some new yummy martinis like the urlLink watermelon martini and the urlLink blue raspberry martini. Tres yum! Needless to say the drinks kinda snuck up on us and we started chatting up urlLink the guys next to us and found out that one of them, urlLink "Awesome" Andy , is a super big fan of local New York radio superstar, urlLink Sheeplover . Being that we have the pleasure of knowing him by his real identity, urlLink Don Labia we got to score some extra points with Andy and urlLink his boys. We got drunker and decided to call it a night and when we got back to the hotel there was much running through the halls, pleading with the front desk guy to let us swim and ordering pizza to be had. Saturday We were a little hung over Saturday morning, and poor urlLink Missy was feeling sickies, but we decided to head out to the urlLink New England Aquarium where we got our picture taken with Sammy the Seal (that pic will come later, 'cause its on "real film"), we saw some penguins and got a little annoyed with all the little bitchy kids in there, so we hightailed it on out. Oh, I almost forgot: this is a big fuck you to urlLink Digital City because every single time we looked something up on there we found out it had gone out of business like 2 years previously, like our sushi place where you sit on the floor and are all cool or our psychic or any of the other bum directions you fucks gave us! But I digress, we did some MORE shopping at urlLink Faneuil Hall (apparently its pronounced Fan-yull). We waited in the room and napped and what not until the lovely urlLink Lisa arrived. Then we got all gussied up again and headed out for dinner. We came across a place called urlLink The Rock Bottom Brewery for a pretty yummy dinner, but not before getting harassed by a urlLink bleeding bum for cigarettes. Although it wasn't a total loss cause we were held up long enough outside to run across a urlLink bachelor party brimming with hot, HOT guys. Woo wooo! The night kind of sucked from there, because we went to the urlLink Roxy which sucked some seriously hardcore ass. Picture a normal, packed dance club in Manhattan, full of trendy people (even if you LOATHE places like this, just picture it for me). Now: make these people 2 years behind in fashion and remove like three quarters of the people from the club. Age the remaining quarter by 10 years and make half of those Portuguese, now you can imagine perhaps even the littlest bit how shitty the "Boston Roxy" was. We left there to hit up urlLink The Good Life because their business card promised urlLink oversized martinis , alas there were none. There were, however, some urlLink cute boys there (although they were kicked out immediately following this photo). We decided to split and head back to the urlLink Rack so we could show Lisa how good the urlLink appletinis were there. We also saw more urlLink Boston fashion victims laughed, danced, were accosted by boys, met some normal ones, saw some junk and almost got in a fight over a cab (fucking masshole bitches, we're WAY better). We made it home in one piece and called it a night. Sunday We were all sick, we ate sushi, I puked and a bird shit on me, we drove home, we saw a bad accident. The end, thanks for reading this much!! MwAh!

 We're Baaaaaaack urlLink Boston Recap Coming Soon, But For Now Check Out Some of The Glitterati Partying It up In Boston

 urlLink Equilibrium Let me ask you something. Why are you alive? I live to safeguard the continuity of this society, to serve Libria. It's circular. You exist to continue your existence. What's the point? What's the point of your existence? To feel! 'Cause you have never done it, you can never know it. But it's as vital as breath. And without it, without love, without anger, without sorrow, breath is just a clock... ticking Thats a lil bit out of the movie Equilibrium Its a utopia stoy you know how those go but I liked this alot I thought maybe it woudl be dull but the action is fun story agian you see it comeing sorta cause what mroe can a utopian story be but it tells it good and i liked it i wish it was still on i wish it was 80 hours long

 For My Local Peeps Alright Boos & Ghouls (God, Im a nerd...) October is almost upon us so as one last outdoor spooky outing we should do something fun, like go to Six Flags for Fright Fest. (insert spooky werewolf howl here) Im thinking Saturday October 25th and aim to be there around 2-ish and stay for a while. Tell everyone you know, 'cause I didn't know many email addys to invite people, but it should be hella frickin' fun. I hope at least some of you will come and if you bring one coke can between two people you can get half price admission (well 2 for the price of one but you'd split that price of one so its half price). Also we can prolly work out some sort of carpool to get down there so let me know if you want in or not. >^..^

 Important announcement for the Girlies! Brands don't mean everything... This is how to test Lipstick for "Lead"... Keep reading. Lead is a chemical that causes cancer. Recently a brand called, "Red Earth" decreased their prices from HK$67 to HK$9.9 ... It contained lead. The Brands, which contain Lead, are: 1. Christian Dior 2. LANCOME 3. CLINIQUE 4. Y.S.L 5. ESTEE LAUDER 6. SHISEIDO 7. RED EARTH (Lip Gloss) 8. CHANEL (Lip Conditioner) 9. Market America-Motives lipstick The higher the lead content, the greater the chance of causing Cancer. After doing a test on lipsticks, it was found that the Y.S.L. lipstick contained the most amount of lead. Watch out for those lipsticks, which are supposed to stay longer. If your Lipstick stays longer, it is because of the higher content of lead. Here is the test you can do yourself: 1. Put some lipstick on your hand, 2. Use a 24k -14k Gold ring to scratch on the lipstick. 3. If the lipstick colour changes to black then you know the lipstick contains lead.

 Happy Jew Year 5764

 :::Sniffs::: Whats that? I smell an age discrimination lawsuit. Buckle your fuckin' seatbelts.

 Testing...testing, 1w2?? Stolen from urlLink Peter's blog. Conscious self

 Come Poop With Me

 Dear WC Guy In My Office, I have been forced to sit next to you for over a year now. This means I have also been forced to be subjected to your vile and otherwise rank stench of rotting elephant poop with hay and baby wipes. This also means I've had to endure you're fucking smelly assed Spanish cooking that you bring in and make everyone suffer through. Finally I have to suffer through you making your "business" phone calls ALL DAY, EVERY DAY. I would just like to offer the following suggestions to you on behalf of everyone in the office who has no balls: 1) Take a fucking shower you reek of dirty uncleansed ass and its really unpleasant for us to have to be around you. Don't you ever notice that cloud of fucking lysol and Yankee candle room spray floating down on you? THAT'S BECAUSE WE CANT FUCKING STAND YOUR VILE ASS, DOUCHEBAG. 2) You might not want to clip your fingernails at your desk cause they fly onto my desk and that is fucking nasty. You don't want to piss me off because I'm contemplating retaliation which involves used tamps. So fucking knock it off. 3)When you're making a personal call, you might want to a) not make them in Spanish, cause its ABUNDANTLY clear that they're not for business, b) shut your fucking mouth when you're on one because I know what you're talking about and its Brazilian soccer matches and you think no one knows what you're talking about and you're fucking SCREAMING in my ear when I'm trying to actually field business calls, you fag, c) if I hear you say "Puta, Doctor" or "oon-bo-leavable" one more time I am gonna come over there and fucking choke you out with the phone cord, you useless piece of shit. 4) When I wear a skirt please refrain from telling me that I look beautiful in it because you're a fucking creep and that's sexual harassment cause you're a skeevy fuck. Its not my fault that you got into a fucking accident and can no longer run batches so leave me out of it. 5) Do yourself a favor and go die 'cause I fuckin' hate you! Regards, Gwen P.S. No, this isn't PMS, I just really hate you.

 Just a Statement I want be a Polar Bear for Halloween. All i need is a White hoodie Sweat Shirt a Bear nose And some Ears and black eye makeup and wamo Polar Bear

 How On Earth?? "Hey, Its me. Anyhow, you're right, I'm a little annoyed at what went on on Friday. You put me in a really akward position and I'm sorry, but I can't lie to someones parents, thats just really messed up so when your mom called you and said she spoke to me, it wasn't a lie, she did call and I did tell her that no, I did not have your computer. She knew I didnt have it even before I told her, she just called to make 100% sure. What you do with your family is your business, and what you do with [boyfriend] is your business, but please, I dont have time to be caught up in lies and the resulting drama of the lies for something that doesn't even directly affect me. I know it sounds bitchy, but honestly: I am really busy during the week I have class m-th until 830 every night, I come home and have homework to do, only to get up and have to get ready for work at 6am the next morning. You guys have to stop bleeping me at like 3:45 in the morning 'cause I'm tryign to sleep and thats not fair. I want to be friends with you and you know it, but you're making it really hard by putting me in these wierd situations. I already had to lie to my mom about one thing, but its out now so I can stop. I dont want to have to lie about stuff. It doesn't end well. If you want to be mad at me for saying this, thats your choice and I suppose I respect it, but I hope you will realize your family is your family, you cant change that and it seems from the convo I had with your mom that you're pushing them away. I dont want to not be on speaking terms with you like we were for the last few years, I just can't get involved in stuff that doesnt involve me. ~G Reply: well i told them the truth like 5 days ago and i dont bleep you at 345 [boy] does...we call you because you dont call back. it seems to be that you have so many more important things to do with yuor time than actually call me back or hang out. and thats fine thats your decision. i dont know if you call me then i guess we will talk and hang out and if you dont them im sorry but i tried and i called and i left messages and everything and by you ignoring me and everything is not what friends do. if i put you in bad positions, my bad. i didnt think it was such a big deal. but i guess to you it is. so i guess i just wont involve you in my life anymore because you are too busy with your own. im sorry for bothering you." How on earth did that guilt trip almost work on me? How on earth did you even have the balls and try to turn that around on me? How on earth did you tell your parents the truth five days ago when on Friday your mom had called me to bust you in the lie? How on earth can I possibly come out of this looking like the badguy? (Yet somehow I know I will) How on earth did we grow so far apart as friends? How on earth is it possible that we were inseperable and practically shared a brain and ended up on such different ends of the spectrum? How on earth can you not see what you're doing to your life and try and help yourself?

 Huggage Dear urlLink Lisa, I love you very much. You are a strong and amazing person. Mwah! Gweenie

 Gwen Mad! Gwen Smash! Okay I have been holding this in for quite sometime, but its finally come boiling to a head: FUCK YOU, JOB. FUCK YOU RIGHT IN YOUR DIRTY LITTLE ASS WITH OUT LUBE. FUCK YOU TIL YOU BLEED. No, this isn't an angry rant about wheelchair guy or any of my other insensitive prick stories. This is a matter of just climbing out from under the moutain of bullshit that has been the last three years of my life. First of all, when people come in and ask for a parking permit and I tell them its on the first floor, don't get huffy with me because you have to go back downstairs. If you actually read the letter you were sent, you'd have seen that it says the permits are issued by the Finanace Department, but available at the parking permit office on the first fucking floor across from the elevator. Also, it is not my fault that you are being charged a late fee on your bill becasue you decided you were too important to mail me a $10.00 check in July, and when you've paid late every single year for the last two years. Also, don't try and tell me that you've never paid this before, 'cause I'm gonna fucking tell you both of the past check numbers AND that you were late both times. It will only get uglier from there. Last week I had an unfortunate accident: I went to the proctologist and he did a seemingly delightful thing by taking my head out of my ass, however this apparently removed me from being in the running and being qualified for any of the positions here in the Town. Furthermore, it is absolutely ludicris that I am not qualified to be a fucking secretary here, and its even more ludicris that I am qualified to be a financial analyst like Anthony and do the same work ( PLUS my Alarm Ordinance duties on top of it) and still not be able to get the same pay rate as him 'cause of "union issues". You know what: this isnt the first time this shit has happened. I should have taken that job at mastercard, but nooooooo, I decided that although you had fucked me in the ass once before it wasn't good enough, I wanted to stick around for more lubeless anal maraudings...that maybe this time I'd get lucky and you'd use something sharp like a fucking pine cone, you fucking jerkoffs. I'm so out of here, you can keep paying me the same bullshit pay-rate you've got me at and dick me out of my first step which should have netted me 3k more a year cause there was an "issue" and I will just sit here and use your precious time to look for a new, better job with an entirely different set of bullshit co-workers and issues, but you know what: at least I'm choosing who gets to fuck me up the ass rather than leaving it up to my supervisors and union reps to decide who gets to hold the broom this week. Fuck off and die and I will keep staring longingly at the paper cutter looking for a swift way to slit my wrists with it.

 Pills are good...PILLS ARE GoOd! Another smashing weekend with the totally awesome urlLink Boyfriend . Today is our very first "monthaversary", which is very smooshy and exciting. Yay! Anyhow, we went down to the city on Friday night to see urlLink Trace Element play at Arlene's Grocery. They really rocked, the new singer, Danny, was amazing and the vibe the guys give off on stage now is just so awesome and can get you totally amped! After the show we went to Danny's apartment for some beers and to hang out. Really stand up guy. The boyf fell asleep while we were there, so we headed out around 1 a.m. Bright and early Saturday morning who shows up to rouse us from our slumber? urlLink Caaaaaaaable Guyyyyyyy , but it was sweet 'cause now I have IO, the spiffy digital cable so I can watch urlLink Noggin and urlLink Tech TV with the cool kids like Sheeps and urlLink Anna . Dennis and I took turns beating the SNOT out of each other in Super Monkey Ball 2 (recently renamed "Super Perp Ball 2", but thats a story for another time). He headed home, I napped for a while and then headed out to the urlLink Red Door Spa for a really great, really relaxing massage. Came home, headed up to Rockland where Dennis and I met up with the always lovely, urlLink Christie at the J (aka the Palisades Center) where we were denied foodage at the Cheesecake Factory again, beacuse of another 2 hour wait. We ended up eating at Romano's Macaroni Grill which was equally as yum and gave us some time to paruse the selection of exciting novels at urlLink Barnes & Noble . I swear to God, that store is crack to me. I love, love, love it! Before dinner we all scribbled on the table with some crayons, watched people leave their baby to eat a full portion of macaroni & cheese by himself and had the same crappy waiter we had last time. It was all good in the hood though, good company can make anything better. Sunday was a day filled with manicures, pedicures and naps. I love naps, they're what weekends were made for. Anyhow we went to Eclisse, this really delicious northern Italian restaurant, for my Grandmother's birthday. My family all got along and there was no fighting. It was nice and unusual at the same time. Dennis came back up to CT sunday night and we went to urlLink Cosi in Rye for some S'mores and Arctic Vanilla Lattes. Also very yum and really nice to see him on a Sunday night since I usually only get to see him on Friday & Saturday. We went back to Chez Gwen for a lil while and started watching "Black Hawk Down", no matter how many times I watch that movie I still get really hyped up and pissed off about it and I still get really sad even though I know how its going to end. New discovery though, Legolas (aka Orlando Bloom) with out hair and a cute southern drawl is just as hot as he is with a bow and elvish ears. Anyhow, that raps it up for my weekend. Oh I almost forgot urlLink FUCK YOU to my brother for getting 4 speeding vios in EZ Pass lanes in one week which resulted in the revocation of my ezpass account. Go fuck yourself and stop spending your money on pot and condums to bang your dirty "Jenny from the block" wannabe girlfriend and start paying for your own shit from now on or I'm gonna tell mom, douchebag.

 urlLink Silent Film Score The Continental 25 Third Avenue New York City, NY Sunday, September 28 Doors Open @ 3:00 pm - $8.50 Okay so First show in Nyc and we have 30 tickets to sell so if peopel want to be my friend then they would want to come and want to buy tickets and I'll give them Hand-Jobs or not but now your thinking about it

 DID YOU KNOW!

 OMFG urlLink Greatest Experiment Ever ...God, I love science.

 Holy Hotness, Batman I am SO proud to say taht these fine, hot, funny and awesome pieces of ass above are my friends. Aside from beign my friends, they'er also in a band called urlLink Trace Element who just so happens to be playing a show at urlLink Arlene's Grocery in Manhattan tonite at 10 pm. Some of you people better show your asses down there. Its gonna be a great time and there will obviously be hot, hot, HOT boys there and they sing and rock out like no other and it will be alot of fun. So y'all better come on down. For $7 its pretty cheap night out and if I know you and you show I'll even buy you a drink. We'll be partying well into the nigth so come down to party or even if you just wanna hang. If you need more info you can call my cell phone number, and if you dont HAVE my cellphone number you can email me at dynamitediva628@yahoo.com to get it and I will give you a better idea of whats up. Please come out it will be so fun and you'll not regret it!

 Ahoy There, Mateys! Arrrrg, that be right: lest ye forget today is urlLink National Talk Like a Pirate Day (its also Friday, Payday and rock out with your boyfriend day for me so I'm REALLY stoked). In honor of this great day I bring you a great pirate joke: A pirate walks into a bar with a ships wheel coming out of his pants. The bartender, scurvy bildrat that he is says "Uh, Sir, you know you have a wheel coming out of your pants?" The pirate simply replies "Argh yes, its driving me nuts" Now laugh or walk the fuckin' plank.

 Nerd/Geek Pick Up Line Thursday "Is that a hard drive in your case or are you just happy to see me?"

 Plug Oh yeah go to urlLink Blog Snob and check it out if you wanna find some new blogs. Pretty good stuff. Also, thanks to my fabulous little urlLink Sheeple , you can all now link to my blog (if you want of course) with the following nifty lil banner rather than boring text:

 Ummmm....Yeahhhhh.... Did you see the memo on this? Thats right, Im in charge again today, you little bastids, so ummmm....do you think you could get me those TPS reports?

 Yay For My First Guest Blog! Trace Element Showcasing at Arlene Grocery on Friday 9.19.03 Sup kinky? urlLink Trace Element will be rocking you like a proveribal hurricane Isabel at urlLink Arlene Grocery in Manhattan performing a 45 minute showcase set at 10pm. Be sure to come down and check it out, make sure you tell the door guys that you're there to see Trace Element and we'll meet you in the bathrooms after the gig for a love riot. Info below... Friday Sept. 19th Arlene Grocery 95 Stanton Street, New York, NY 212-358-1633 10pm, $7 Cover Peace out. -Bob (**editors note: he's one fly ass hoochie**) urlLink Trace Element

 A Brand New Day Well I want to apologize for yesterday, it was a little rough and I had to vent, but I guess in part thats why some of you come here: to read my maniacal and otherwise insane rantings. I have spoken to people at Nextel, and the dirtbag is blocked from calling me. All of his numbers (which unfortunately cuts me off from his sister, who is one of my friends). Anyhow, I want to say THANK YOU SO MUCH to urlLink The Boyf for calling me up last night to tell me silly jokes and make me laugh and remind me of how awesome he is and that I don't need to worry myself about all this crap. So, yay. This morning the power was out at urlLink my job for 2 hours. Rather than sending us home, they mayoral figure and A-Number-One Douchebag, decided to keep us here "just in case". Unfortunately the power came back on, but it was fun to not do anything for a few hours. Everyone just sat around and acutally got to talk to each other and it was nice to get along. We all chipped in money and Pat got sent on a urlLink Dunkin' Donuts Run to get some coffee and for everyone. It was fun to have an impromptu mini party. I haven't acutally done any REAL work yet this A.M. though as I've been doing work on my Western Civ presentation on the "Carolignian Renaissance" and getting some stuff together that I have to mail at lunchtime from urlLink ebaY sales I've made. So in conclusion, I just wanted to let you all know that I'm feeling much more cheery and back to my usual Gwennish self. I also wanted to share a joke with you that I love love love... Q: Why did the cookie go to the hospital? A: Because he felt CRUMMY Get it?? Get it?? ::rimshot:: Don't forget to tip your waitress, you've been a great crowd.

 P.S. Here's An Idea... When you call someone and they don't answer, leave a message and if they don't call you back then it prolly means they hate you and hope you die and you should fuck off. It is not a good idea to keep calling six times while someone is in class trying to be smart and pay attention and be better than you. Its called harassment and tomorrow the good lil elves at nextel will know about it too. So what you get is more Maroon 5: "How dare you say that my behavior is unacceptable So condescending unnecessarily critical I have the tendency of getting very physical So watch your step cause if I do you'll need a miracle You drain me dry and make me wonder why I'm even here This Double Vision I was seeing is finally clear You want to stay but you know very well I want you gone Not fit to fuckin' tread the ground I'm walking on When it gets cold outside and you got nobody to love You'll understand what I mean when I say There's no way we're gonna give up And like a little girl cries in the face of a monster that lives in her dreams Is there anyone out there cause it's getting harder and harder to breathe Is there anyone out there cause it's getting harder and harder to breathe What you are doing is screwing things up inside my head You should know better you never listened to a word I said Clutching your pillow and writhing in a naked sweat Hoping somebody someday will do you like I did When it gets cold outside and you got nobody to love You'll understand what I mean when I say There's no way we're gonna give up And like a little girl cries in the face of a monster that lives in her dreams Is there anyone out there cause it's getting harder and harder to breathe Is there anyone out there cause it's getting harder and harder to breathe Does it kill Does it burn Is it painful to learn That it's me that has all the control Does it thrill Does it sting When you feel what I bring And you wish that you had me to hold " I need it to be Friday asap.

 Dear Joe, Please stop calling me at three a.m. and telling me all these inane things about how you dream of me and how it "means something" and its a "sign". Clearly, all it is a sign of is the fact that you're a complete drug addict, psychotic loser. I don't care if you're "over Reenie", I don't care how many times or on what precious thing you swear you'll never cheat on me again. I don't care that you'll never raise your hand to me or yell at me again. I know you won't do any of this anymore becuase I'm not ever going to give you the chance to. I'm through with you, I've BEEN through with you, I have found someone so far superior to you in every aspect that he makes your mere existence seem like a cruel, cruel joke to the world. You had the best thing you could have ever imagined and thankfully for me, you didn't realize it so now I've gotten away from you and I'm done, through, finished. Please stop calling me or I will have the lovely people at nextel block you from calling me, and should you try to call me from Colleen's phone, I will have a harassment complaint filed against you. You are so last summer....no, you are so last lifetime. You suck, go get your own life and stay out of mine. Its like urlLink Maroon 5 said: " Does it make you sad to find yourself alone? And does it make you mad to find that I have grown? I'll bet it hurts so bad to see the strength that I have shown. Hoping to never hear from you again, Gwen

 Oh My Freaking God I just watched urlLink this at work and I was trying so hard not to laugh and I ended up doing this huge snort at my desk and now everyone is looking at me and I cant stop laughing and I dunno why, but this is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo funny.

 I Almost Forgot... I almost forgot a H U G E congrats to my girlies, urlLink Lisa , who passed her second certification exam for her job and is now "Super Cute Lisa, R.M.D.S." (or is it rdms?) And urlLink Fuzzy , who got the department switch/promotion(?) that she had been hoping for. I am tres proud of both of them. They are both now WAY more official than you and cooler, AND I knew they could do it and I am so, so, so, so proud of them. Way to go, girlies!

 Cuteness Abounding urlLink The Boy & I (pictured below from back in the winter) had such a great time just relaxing and chatting it up and snuggling this weekend. Another great time indeed. He recapped it all already on his blog so if you're that interested you can check it out over there. He's the bestest though. In other news, we rescued a 12 yr old cocker spaniel from the urlLink Elmsford Animal Shelter in Elmsford, NY. He has an absolutely sweet disposition and for a 12 yr old dog he's got a lot of life in him and the cutest lil puppy trot I've ever seen! He is already making friends with the cats, and our other pup, Sahara. Though we may not get to spend that time with him as he is quite old, at least he won't have to spend the rest of his days in a cage waiting for someone to adopt him. I know everyone loves puppies and kittens, but there are a lot of older pets out there who need love too and would make AWESOME pets (sometimes better than the babies 'cause they're already trained and what not). They're just as loyal and sweet and calm so they wont destroy your house and many of them still have lots of years of love and nuzzles to give you. Just something to think about. Also if any of you guys are in the area and looking you should DEFINTILEY check out E.A.S., 'cause they have a really big selection and are really helpful with the adoption/transition process. Also if you have any old comforters, blankets, towels, cleaning supplies or really anything useful, rather than throw them out, think about donating to a local animal rescue agency, its expensive to care for all of these pets with out consistent funding and knowing you helped the lil furries will make you feel warm and fuzzy inside.

 I Give Up On Sports Okay, so I'm a natural loser picker. I accept that. I root for the NY Jets, the NY Rangers and the NY Mets. I accept mediocrity, in fact I root for the underdog, not to beat the odds, but rather becuase, well....someone's gotta root for 'em. Anyhow, the Jets season is over 'cause the great white hype, Chad Pennington, broke his hand preseason so we're stuck with Vinny QB-ing and I personally have no hand eye coordination, but am a better QB. NOW the f'n Rangers have lost Pavel Burre pretty much permanently due to knee injuries and Leetch is also out this season AND the deal fell thru for Jagr so again we get the shaft. What I don't understand though is this: last year the roster on paper for the Rangers looked absolutely unstoppable and they still sucked balls. What the hell, yo? Rar.

 Death Pool? Did anyone pick John Ritter or Johnny Cash in urlLink Boz's Death Pool? If so, maybe thats what he should use the "blogger hoodie prize" for.

 Ahoy, lil Mateys! You guys better mark your calendars because urlLink September 19th is coming. I will be blogging & commenting only in the style of the day, and I expect you if you're going to email, IM or comment to me you better extend the same courtesy. Now go brush up on your lingo.

 New Look, Again... Okay kiddies, this is it...new look I am very proud of the changes I made to the template. All I need is a new logo graphic, so I turn to you. It needs to be the same black and pink that my blog colors are and it needs to say "Musings of a Dynamite Diva" (I don't care whether or not you work in the mumblings rumblings and stumblings part) and I want a bomb with a reverse "D" logo like the one picture here (but black and pink black and pink!!!!) Good luck, lets get creative and the winner will get hella crazy mad props (hows that for an incentive, eh??)

 SFS Basment Show 6 Howland Circle West Caldwell, NJ 07006 Saturday, September 13 @ 4:00 pm - $5 urlLink Outsmarting Simon ( The Art Party urlLink SILENT FILM SCORE Played Out

 Coooooooooooooooool! Blogger is getting rid of its pay services because of the Google merger because they have enough bandwith now. So now everyone will have the same features with or without paying, but becuase I bellied up to the bar and acutally paid for this thing back in the day, they're doing something very nice for me. They're giving me a urlLink FREE BLOGGER HOODIE! I know you're all jealous 'cause you're prolly like me and stare longingly at the Blogger & Google merchandise, but you just can't bring yourself to pay for it. Now I get to have the pretty hoodie and be warm and blogalicious all over town. I know, I know its not really free, but since I'm not shelling out for it now, its all good in the 'hood(ie!). What has movable type ever given you? Suckers!

 Now what, son? Go read urlLink Sabrina's Blog ...she's better and funnier than all of you...oh yeah and cooler too, well except maybe Tina, 'cause she's all that and a bag of chips AND a John Deere tractor. Oh yeah one more thing: my boyfriend is way better than yours...why? 'Cause he's the best. :p

 Chim Cham Is a Bad Dog

 Haircut Haircut Haircut!!

 BIG CUP

 Weekend Recap Another weekend filled with awesome urlLink boyfriend-y goodness. I am so, so lucky. In related, but unrelated news, I haven't taken my Paxil in over a week and except for this one wired auditory side-effect I'm doing fine. Normally I get very nauseous and sick and tired and icky, but I consciously decided to stop taking it rather than just running out of it and I'm doing well. I guess there is something to be said for being generally happy and functioning normally. Friday Doogie came up here to CT and we had planned on having some sushi and renting The Two Towers and just vegging and maybe building a blanket fort in my super comfy bed, but this didn't end up being the plan. Ashley (yes, the girl I was having all the loan problems with) called me up to tell me how the problem was getting resolved and she ended up telling me a lot of really bad news she was having so I offered to take her out for one drink, also to give Dennis a chance to meet her. My friend Stacey was having a party at our favorite watering hole, The Turtle (which has since been renamed the Hungry Hamster), and the plan was to just go for one drink. Well, prior to even getting there the drama started. I don't want to get into it in case some of the people involved actually read this, but it was MEGA dramatic. One drink turned into three or four or maybe more. There was some dancing, some more drama and some spilled drinks, but all in all it was fun. It was an interesting way for Dennis to meet some of my friends, but now he knows I don't make all the drama up, LOL. We got back to my house and there were a few disasters with a martini shaker filled with various schnapps (Jon, think Sudi's upside down martini shaking) and a piece of lemon coconut cake that I wasn't apparently meant to have. It was funny for me though cause I was a "maroon" as the boy says, but he knows he was laughing too. We got snuggly for a lil bit and fell asleep together for a nap, it was really sweet. Saturday was a parade in Pearl River where Dennis and his boys from "The Hut" were marching. They all looked awesome in their uniforms and clean up real nice. They won two trophies as well. After the parade, there was a lot, and I mean a lot of beer drinking. What is it about free beer that makes it taste so good? Anyhow, I got to know some of the people there from the fire house a little better and ate some yummy food and danced and laughed a lot. It was a pretty good time. Let me tell ya 2 things I've learned: 1) firemen can DRINK 2) firemen can really have a good time. I'm a little scared of the "mysterious cowboy fireman" and his line dancing ways (no, I did NOT line dancee), but it was another really nice night. We definitely weren't meant to get our sushi this weekend, but next weekend we've agreed regardless of what else comes up one night is definitely going to be a movie/sushi/snuggling night ofgoodnesss. Oh yeah and tomorrow I am getting that fancy new IO digital cable so I will be able to wax intellectual on the marvels of TechTV, Noggin, and all the other "money" channels that all the cool kids are talking about these days. Oh yeah, I'll also finally have HBO again. YAY YAY YAY!

 Vagina R Evill

 My Pants Are Tight

 1,000 Things 'I'm overjoyed and over loved and feeling lucky like a little boy who's hiding under covers and looking to discover any way to play the part inside his darkened cave well the meaning of life it starts at the nightlight close your eyes and hope to see mine well I've seen a thousand things in one place but I stopped my counting when I saw your face erasing memory I feel as though I've never seen a face before until I saw your eyes smiling back at me thru my tears I've been counting all these years Now suddenly the thousand things I've seen were nothing more than dreams of you and me you and me quietly at a stand still fortunately you will kiss me and I'll kiss you back fact of the matter of is that I don't know what the latter is that I always wanted to kiss you but I always wanted to run from you Because I always wanted to miss you And that I've always wanted to come for you So... how do you do? - j. mraz

 Check Out the Girlie Goodness I "adopted" the gorgeous faerie over in the Diva Stats section at an awesome website full of "dollz" : urlLink Josie's Dollz go love her!

 God, I Love The Internet urlLink Better than sex, god I'm a nerd...

 CUTENESS!

 Squirrel Of The month

 urlLink Stash BASH 2 (electric booagloo sold seprately)

 Rainy Rantings Today its quite rainy and rather dreary and I just don't want to be in a happy shiny mood. Thats not to say that anything is pissing me off, but its hard to smile sometimes when you're like this. Mix that with the fact that I haven't had a cigarette since Sunday and you have a particularly urlLink irritable Diva. I'm really getting annoyed with the "News Media", the bastards are completely and utterly irresponsible. First of all they're all trying to jump the gun and get the "breaking news" on a story and they start reporting non-stop on something they have only barebones facts about and half truths. Then they have to come out and tell the REAL story a few days later 'casue they were all trigger happy and got it all fucked up. Heres an idea: why don't you do yourself the favor and wait til you get a few SOLID facts before you go blowing things entirely out of proportion and getting everyone in a tizzy. Secondly: why don't you stop giving out these exclusive, behind-the-scenes security details about airports, powerplants and military operations. Why don't you just throw a feed into Osama Bin Laden's fucking cave and tell him exactly what we're planning and where our weaknesses are and then maybe see if he could pencil in a good time to attack us again, you fucking idiots! I appreciate that we live in a free society and with all the new technology we have its easy for us to explain things, and I know people are naturally nosy bastids, but I'm sorry, I dont think that we as a society need to know all the intimate details of our national security or lack there-of. I would rather have you retards keep your fuckin' mouths shut so that we could stop giving the terrorists new ideas on how to attack us. Do the words "Loose Lips Sink Ships" mean nothing to anyone anymore. If you're willing to sacrifice security to be "in the know" about stuff, why dont you join the fuckin' service so you can be in the know and do something positive about it instead of just using it as useless watercooler fodder. I have urlLink school again tonight and once again I'm actually looking forward to it. Probably just cause its the begining of the school year where I think I can acutally make it through a semester without dropping out. Maybe I'm just motivated 'cause I finally want to get this over with so I can take care of more important things. On a happier note: all is well with me and Ma Dukes again so I'm happy about that, and although I'm missing urlLink someone , I know the weekend is coming so we'll be able to rock out real soon. Oh yeah and its payday this weekend, so thats SUPER sweet and I'm finally growing a set and starting to stick up for myself with someone very bad. A battle is looming, and although its gonna be bloody and ruin a friendship and hurt feelings it has to be taken on before it gets worse. Oh yeah, and if she tries anything I can break her arm six ways now, goddamn, I'm good. :p Well thats it for now, catch you kiddies on the flipside. Mwah!

 urlLink This News Story is So Cool

 Quitting

 Why Me? Why did my mom raise me as a strong and independent person? Why do I care and care and care about people and try to help them only to get aggravated when they don't try to help themselves? Why are most of the people in my life a disappointment in the respect that they have so much potential and instead are lazy and feign helplessness? Why can't I just let them be to fail on their own and why do I internalize it like its my problem and then wonder why I get all these anxiety & panic attacks?

 Weekend Review of Sorts Friday: The urlLink boyfriend (yes, I said boyfriend...Eeeee!) came down to CT and we went to Stamford Brew Co. and urlLink Hula Hank's for some drinks. Needless to say I got a lil ferschnukered, but its all good in the hood. We headed back to my house for some TV and a walk around the block cause it was a really nice night and then I hit the proverbial hay shortly thereafter. Saturday: Slept in a little and woke up to find my mommy was hella pissed at me about cosigning for a car for my witch of a former best friend. Understandable, but needless to say she's still angry and I hate hate hate hate it when my mommy is angry with me. Met up with the Doogie at the Palisades Center at urlLink The Macaroni Grill for lunch and then headed up to Joisey to collect urlLink the Sheeps at which point we headed out to Shaolin to hang with the lovely and othewise rawkin' urlLink Miss Anna . There was some drinking ("I have crippled kids, why dont you just field goal my cat while you're at it?!?!"), some Degrassi, some swimming, a proposed trip on the ferry and some scary, bad news about some friends (I hope you guys are doing better). I also learned how to break your arm in six places so don't F with me! :p Sunday: I went up to Rockland for Doogie's Fire Company picnic. I met his family and many of his friends. Needless to say it was a little nerve-wracking, but it ended up being a lot of fun. (Get out of the way, DUMMY!) Seeing him in the context of those guys makes me realize how he could possibly have so many nutty stories, hehehe. Monday: I slept all goddamned day waiting for my family's rained-out cookout to commence, but it didn't end up happening until later that night which gave me just enough time to get aggrivated by someone really annoying. Here is a thought: when someone doesn't answer your 15 cellphone calls or 5 messages from that day, you probably shoudln't call their house, 'cause chances are they REALLY don't want to talk to you. Rar. Anyhow, Doogie was so sweet and drove all the way up here to get some coffee and listen to me vent a little and see how insane the phonecalls from said certain someone were. Honestly though, God bless that kid, 'cause he saw me run the entire gammut of emotions in a 36 hour period and he's STILL talking to me and acutally intrested in dating, talk about trial by fire. He's the best, seriously, and its nice to be able to finally brag about him out in the open. (c:

 MARATHON MONDAY!!

 For All My Gouhls & Boos I expect pictures of EVERYONE's costumes to be up on their blogs in the next few days!

 urlLink Lets Go P -Diddy!

 I ALMOST FORGOT! Happy birthday, urlLink TJ , I didn't make the graphic, but I google image searched it. Hope its a great one and that you like K's present!

 FREE STUFF You all need to be listening to Maroon5, Gavin DeGraw, Jason Mraz, The Refreshments, Trace Element, Kara's Flowers, Highfall and a myriad of other good music. If any of you are open to the challenge of expanding your musical horizons, you need to send me your mailing address and I will burn you and mail you a mix cd of "STUFF YOU SHOULD KNOW" free of charge. You don't even have to send me a cd back, just play the cd for others if you like it. Any takers can urlLink email me with their info.

 urlLink Best News Story of the day So Far

 Neener, Neener, Neener! The Don & I have urlLink Bozzies and you don't! (Oh yeah and urlLink Petrina got one too) (c:

 A Little of This, A Little of That... Well I haven't properly blogged in quite a while. I don't really have a reason why, I guess its just that I haven't really had anything of any real substance to write. How many times can you guys really sit here and stomach reading all the inconsequential details of my weekend especially if you weren't a part of it? I dunno, I personally like to hear the details of people's lives, but that's just because I'm nosy and this whole blog thing makes it easier for me to be all up in their business without actually having to pry or speak to them. What could I tell you guys that you'd possibly care about? Hmmm...I saw urlLink Bobby Bonilla at Dunkin' Donuts this morning. Just getting his coffee and donuts like everyone else now that he's back in town after the end of the season. There is a job working for a production company of a urlLink big name director that lives locally that is available, but is it worth a 10k paycut initially? I'm not sure about that. I also applied for a job at the urlLink WWE as an administrative assistant. That would be cool if it panned out, but I'm not about to go getting my hopes up. I mean I'm happy with the people I work with (well with one urlLink glaring exception ) but I've had a lot of responsibility added to my job duties and I think that warrants a bit more than what I'm making now. At least put me on the same level as my friend who was hired after and basically does the same thing. I can't wait for November. October has been a blast, but its just been I N S A N E L Y busy. urlLink The boy and I have not stopped running around the entire month! We had our trip to Montreal, the Dave Attell/Lewis Black/Mitch Hedberg show with urlLink The Fuzzy One and urlLink Whitey's Man Bitch , the Crankcase show at the Hard Rock, Six Flags trip, tonite we have a urlLink Maroon Five show to go to at Roseland and Friday we have a wedding. I think both of us really just need a rest. I dunno about him but I plan to spend all my November weekends snuggled in under the covers with a home cooked meal and a bottle of wine watching all the movies I've never seen (trust me, its a H U G E list). I think the only time he and I will probably go out is to go see Matrix Revolutions 'cause he's a bigtime Matrix fanboy. I really miss my bebe, urlLink Lisa (Effmeboobs in the pic), she's the bestest and I know she's hella busy with her new job, but if she sees this: call me. We need coffee or a massage or facial or something girly. I love ya so much, girlie! I'm getting excited for the urlLink Bozzies . They're only five days away. I hear the after party is gonna be a good one so make sure you get on the list, pronto. I'll catch ya on the flipside kiddies, behave!

 urlLink UCB ON DVD !!!

 Crispy New Rapper I'm all about urlLink Crispy New Rapper , the latest Westchestah rap prodigy. Straight from the streetz, yo. Word to your motha, suckas! ONE!

 urlLink Rod Roddy Dead at 66

 FIRE BAD PENIS GROWTH GOOD

 Computer Nerds Represent! Yeah motherbitches, you're LOVIN' this free blogger hoodie action!

 I want to eat the sun

 urlLink More bad News

 urlLink Holy Crap Elliot Smith Is Dead

 I just finished watching the pilot of urlLink Tru Calling

 Plan Time 1. Collect underpants (and Stop being lazy) 2. ... 3. Profit (No Debt/Skinnyness) You see, its simple.

 You Stink! Dear guy who wrote "Yankees How Ya Doin'?", YOu really suck. that is *the* worst song EVER. Its totally unoriginal, totally annoying and totally stupid! How many other lame crappy baseball songs can you make? I bet you're the same 'tard who wrote "Who let the mets out?" My question is: who let you out? You're probably some drooly mongoloid who's mother told him he was funny when he was little. Guess what? Just like Santa and the EasterBunny, this too is a lie. Write better songs. You're poop. I hope I never hear that song again. Good day, Sir! Gwen

 Halloween Wooooooooo! I finally picked my costume....time to get workin' on it. Stay tuned for details. Im sure its not gonna be any kind of undertaking like the lovely urlLink Stella Bella , but I'll try darn it!

 Conan has a Hot Wife

 America, Jr. I spent the weekend in Montreal with my urlLink lovely boyfriend . On the drive up we stopped for dinner in Lake George Village which was really nice and we ended up going to the urlLink Stewart's for some fuel and some super yummy orange soda. I wish we had Stewart's around here. )c: We ended up staying at the Hotel Suites Le Faubourg. If you guys are planning a trip to Montreal I definitley reccomend a stay here. The rooms are huge, its a brand new construction one block from St. Catharine street and its in the heart of the downtown area. It was like we had an apartment for a weekend: huge living room, huge bedroom and a kitchen to boot. Only thing is the website said they had "high speed internet access" but it cost $10 a day, so we didn't end up using it. We checked in pretty late Friday night so we just crashed in the room and were all bright eyed and bushy tailed on Saturday morning. We ate lunch at this awesome little Asian place called "SoupBol" and went shopping on Saint Catherine street which was a lot of fun. I ended up finding a new favorite store! I wanted to go to urlLink Roots which is like the Abercrombie of Canada, but alas they were just as pricey. I ended up instead in a really cute shop, urlLink Le Garage , its like a Canadian Contempo Casuals hooch mart, but I really liked it. Lots of cute clothes, lots of BRIGHT PINK! clothes, it was quite Gwennish indeed. We stopped in to the urlLink Canadian version of D'agostinos for some beers to drink before we went out. Dennis LOVED the walk in beer fridge and just kind of stood around inside it for about five whole minutes just oogling all the beer. We went back to the room and I would like to say I WAS NOT DRUNK , yet, but I walked into the wall face first. What made it worse was Dennis had been in the other room and wouldn't have seen it, except he went to take his shoes off in the bedroom and was witness to the whole thing. Saturday night we ended up at urlLink The Casino Montreal which was a lot of fun. I ended up doing really well on the slot machines there and the boy of course played the "ponies". It was crowded as anything though, so we cut it short and left whilst we were up. Sunday morning we ate at this awful place called Rubens, the food was decent, but the service was atrocious. Our waitress spoke only in French to us even though we were ordering in English and she not only attended to everyone who came in after us, but served them all before she served us. Its not like our meals were anythign that took a while to cook. We ordered French Toast with eggs and a cheeseburger. Damn, rude Frenchies! Sunday afternoon we went down town to the urlLink Montreal Science Center and did some neat hands-on experiments. Doog sat on nails and made TV and radio shows and me, being the nerdy girl that I am, learned Binary. I sat there for about half an hour until I taught myself how to do it and then I made Dennis go back to the beginning of the museum so I could answer the "Binary Math Quiz". Oh and we saw this cool thing where it was how you turn pure electricity into water. I thougt that was badass. We went back to the centre of town and had a mini bar crawl starting at "Iggy's Pub" where 1 Smirnoff Ice and one pt of Stella Artois was $15! We did get to check up on the NFL progress and I will give him props (Hun, ya gave me a hellatial asswhompin this week). Anyhow, next stop was Dundee's, what a great bar. Good atmosphere, nice bartenders, strong drinks. A great time indeed. The final stop on the "crawl" was Stogie's/Ice/London Pub (a three in one place) where I ended up with a sub-par apple martini, but a great view of the street on a really nice little terrace thingy. We finally ended up at our dinner location: urlLink Mexicali Rosa's where we got some really AWESOME tex-mex food and a whole pitcher of the strongest Sangria I'd ever had. Needless to say I was a little blitzed at this point, but we drove back to the hotel room. Down the busy main street of St. Catharine, through the confusing construction zone that was there and right when we got literally 5 feet from our hotel parking lot we got stopped by the Fuzz. Thats right. I started panicking thinking I was gonna get a DUI or something, but they were very nice and let us go. Turns out you're not allowed to make a right on red anywhere in Montreal. So if you ever go there, please follow the rule! The cops were very nice to us though. Monday morning we were a little sad it was our last day, but we ended up eating at Nickel's Diner, this chain of 50's style diners owned by Celine Dion. It was acutally really good food and the waitress was nice. We ended up going to some like garden of plant statues (I'm sure it has a name, but I dunno what it is) down by the Science Centre and it wasn't worth the money we paid to get into it. We just thought it would be a cool place to get some pictures of the two of us together, but alas everyone there spoke french and looked at us like we had three heads when we tried to ask them to take a picture. After the bastard rose garden thing, we went to the Notre Dame Basillica which was just a few blocks away. It was really stunning and if you ever get the chance to go there, even if you aren't Catholic or even regligious the art work alone is breathtaking. After being in such a holy place we had to up the sin factor and we went back to the Casino where I lost all my money (but it was the end of the trip so who cared). When we got to the border we stopped for some duty free shopping and were given the shake down by the bull dyke border guard who stopped us for about five minutes. Dinner at Friday's on our way home in Saratoga Springs and then we were back home before we knew it. It was unbelieveable though how quickly a six hour drive can pass when you're engaged in conversation. I left out the inside jokes to spare y'all, but I'm sure they'll be back in another blog soon so don't feel too left out! Honestly I can say it was one of the best weekends ever!

 1-2-3-4-5...6-7-8-9-10...11-12 urlLink Funky Goodness You all need to go check that link out. Its a remix of the greatest thing to ever come out of sesame street (well, except for near & far) thanks to the fine folks at urlLink Milk & Cookies for the link!

 Just a Quote

 The Most Evilest of Evil Coughs

 Failed Experiment Its dangerous when the Don and I get bored. We come up with "special" ideas like this: urlLink Cat Typing

 Realization I realized I spend WAY and I mean WAY too much time online. I am guaranteed to be awake from 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. That's approximately 16 hours I would say that I probably spend about 11 of those hours online (three of those hours I'm NOT on I'm at school with no computer available). No wonder I feel like I'm flabby and over weight. Its cause I am. I am sitting in front of this idiot box all day. I have decided to make a conscious effort and stop being a fatty lazy internet savvy girl with a wicked case of carpal tunnel. From now on I will only be online during business hours (that's 8 am-4 pm Monday thru Friday) and on weekends, but I'm generally out with the boyfriend on those days so I won't probably be around then either. I will kick it up at the gym and instead of doing one hour a day I will do two hours. I will spend one of my extra hours cooking healthier meals for me to eat during the rest of the week. I could get a hobby or something, I could even (gasp) volunteer. I will start reading again (you know, that weird thing where you have actual bound papers with writing and you flip through them and they tell you a story). This is totally out of control. Seriously. How I got this far I'll never know, but I refuse to be this lazy any longer. **Those of you who actually know me know that I say something like this about once every six months and I go all gung ho about stuff for 2 weeks and then I go back to being lazy, slobby, fat self. If you see me online and its not work hours don't talk to me. Tell me to fuck off and stop being fat and lazy. Thank you **

 Read urlLink You Made Monkey Cry

 JUNK MAIL TITTLES 10/7

 Special Puppets

 Weekendy Goodness Well well well, here we are back at work after another stellar weekend with urlLink the boy . Friday we hung out with the lovely Christie at a fashion show. We got to model wedding dresses and the boy got all gussied up in a tux (man, does he clean up nicely!). It was fun to get all dressed up, I even got to wear a tiara, I was super stoked about that. Well, that and Christie's Batman Wedding Gown. Anyhow, we ended up later in the night at this cool bar called the Upper Deck. They make a mean steak and cheese (damn it, now I'm starving!) and we enjoyed much drinkage and then headed over to the dorms for Dominican College. (Oddly enough these dorms are at the hotel that urlLink Jon and I stayed at after the Ron & Fez Christmas party last year. My infamous trek down Rte. 59 should have ended there, but no, I ended up in a NY State Trooper Car, drunk and bawling my eyes out, LOL.) Anyhow, it was in these dorms that I realized: no matter how bad I want to go back to college, there is no way I can live in a dorm. I am just too old to do it. The boy and I felt quite out of place when we were there. Everyone was really sweet and really nice, but it was just wired, like when we had to hide beer for fear of the R.A. Saturday was a lot of fun as well. We hit up the diner and got some yumalicious pancakes and then we went to urlLink Woodbury Commons for some bitchin' outlet shopping. I got some sweet new jeans and a cool jean skirt and some sweatpants and some cool Roxy stuff. The boy got some snazzy new clothes and an Obi Wan light saber. His little levitating Yoda toy that came with it was a little disappointing though. It was all and all a giant fun time.... The night only got better though, because we met up with urlLink Lou and the Lovely Lisa for some good eating's at this hibachi place in white plains and followed it up with urlLink School Of Rock at New Roc City. We were gonna go play some glow in the dark mini golf afterwards, but we're all old bastids now and we decided to go home and rest our hips and wait for our AARP cards. Sunday the boy and I tried again to eat at urlLink Cheesecake Factory , again, but alas it was an hour wait for breakfast, and my tummy isn't that forgiving before its first meal. We headed over to urlLink City Limits Diner instead. I was almost taken out by a guy in a Porsche, but whatever, it was tasty food stuffs and great company. Back to Chez Gwen for some maxin' and relaxin' and then we ate with my fam (who absolutely ADORE Doogie, who doesn't!!) and enjoyed some more urlLink Band of Brothers . I'm REALLY diggin' this mini series. Its interesting and well written, the cinematography is great and its overall just amazing. I'm glad he's gettin' me into this stuff. It was nice cause we got to have another sleep over last night as well 'cause he's a lucky school system employee and still gets the Jewish holidays off. Anyhow, that about wraps it up. I hope all of y'all had a good a time as I did. Catch ya on the flipside, kiddies!

 New "UNDA-PANTS"

 Friday Fun Fact When you google "how to get black people to like you when you're a whitey prick" I come up as number 5, w00t! Unfortunatley that bastid, urlLink Whitey, is number 1! So close to victory...you've won this round whitey...

 Wanted: Serious people well trained in hand to hand combat, extortion techniques and other underhanded deeds to join with me to form an organized crime syndicate. Pay will be good, there will be basic training at Al Gwenna Lackey training camps as well as excellent benefits, 401k plan, stock options, dress down Fridays and pizza lunches. If you're intersted please email me your resumee or submit an essay of 500 words or less on why I should pick you as a lackey.

 You Know You Work In 2003 When... (Generally I hate forwarded e-mails, but this one is written as if someone was watchign me in my office) 1. You accidentally enter your password on the microwave. 2. You haven't played solitaire with real cards in years. 3. You have a list of 15 phone numbers to reach your family of 3. 4. You e-mail your friend who works at the desk next to you. 5. Your reason for not staying in touch with friends is that they do not have e-mail addresses. (so true!) 6. When you go home after a long day at work you still answer the phone in a business manner 7. When you make phone calls from home, you accidentally dial "9" to get an outside line. 8. You've sat at the same desk for four years and worked for three different companies. 10. You learn about your lay-off on the 10 o'clock news. 11. Your boss doesn't have the ability to do your job. 12. Contractors outnumber permanent staff and are more likely to get long-service awards. and the real clinchers are... 13. You read this entire list, and kept nodding and smiling. 14. As you read this list, you think about forwarding it to your "friends". 15. You got this e-mail from a friend that never talks to you anymore, except to send you jokes from the net. 16. You are too busy to notice there was no No. 9.

 urlLink Kevin Smith's Wife Nanked

 Quick Morning Thoughts: You know, I was going to write some big cryptic response to comments I heard about something, but I've realized its not worth it. Thats petty and juvenile. Personally, I am above that. When someone is a different person every day of the week, or when its convenient to be something different it makes it hard to maintain a friendship. I've learned that the hardway through a couple different friends. I dont turn my back on them entirely, but there comes a point where I need to tell myself: enough of the bullshit, its never gonna right itsself no matter how many eggshells you walk on or how involved or indifferent you act towards it. I am finally happy in life: I have great friends, I have an amazing boyfriend (who oddly enough is a friend, not just some random fly-by-night person who came out of nowhere), my family surrounds me and I have a job, which while I don't always love it, pays the bills. I'm in the midst of starting my own business and the last week has seen gigantic leaps and bounds on that front, so that it WILL be a reality by January. Thats not a wish, its a fact. I also heard some awesome news about urlLink one of my favorite Ohesians (Congrats, hun!) Finally I'd like to share one piece of advice I've learned from my Nana, and I've discovered as of late its true. Now I can't word it as eloquent or sagely as she did, but I can give you the gist of it: If you're going to be miserable and spend all your time complaining, bitching and just being miserable to people, you're going to find yourself surrounded by nothing but misery and poop. If you take all that negative energy you're spreading and try to make it positive you'll realize that eventually all around you will start to become positive. Take charge of your own life, don't bitch that you're victim to circumstance and you'll be able to "become who you were born to be"(my Nana didn't say that, but it fit with my schpeil). Happy, Healthy, Safe & Lovely Thanksgiving to all of you guys and your families and friends. May you be blessed with full bellies, warm beds to nap in afterwards and a delicious array of pies and deserts. Take care, smooshies!

 SO ANGRY!! Dear Expedia, Fuck you for overcharging me by $1,108.59 and only refunding me $660.59. If you do your math properly, you'll realize you still owe me $448 fucking dollars, and because you took that extra money out you've caused me to already bounce 2 things that wouldn't have bounced if you didn't fuck up. I sincerely hate you from the deepest depths of my blackened, disillusioned soul and I expect that you better cover me the $60 in overdraft fees that you made my bank charge me or else you're gonna have a war on your hands. I was really looking forward to my big Vegas trip, but now I don't want to have anything to do with you. Please go rot. Rar. Dieplz, Gwen

 Congratulations Well it looks like someone followed the How Not To Be A Friend manual explicitly and got their revenge. All I have to say is: good for you, I hope you feel cool and vindicated now.

 Primate Evolution First monkeys shamed. urlLink Then monkeys cried. Now, urlLink monkeys can replace your IT Staff for reasonable rates. (Why do I feel my municipalities IT staff's goin' bye bye and we're gonna buy stock in bananas?)

 Creepy McNasty! I'm sorry, but the only thing scarier than urlLink this Is urlLink this .

 Better Than Sex Something Really Good... I'm such a big nerd, that this is my new reason for living. Click and behold the greatness: urlLink Click Me!

 urlLink Stop the The Bush/Cheney Energy Bill!

 Don't Tax The Internet! urlLink Go Sign This Petition and Keep the Internet Tax Free!

 Where Have All the Bloggers Gone? Some of the really good bloggers are droppin' like flies: Docks Anna Lisa Lou What gives? Has blogging jumped the shark? (Has saying "jumped the shark" jumped the shark?)

 urlLink Lets hear it for Gay Marriage

 Bored at Work? urlLink The BBC will save you

 Free Milk (courtesy of an interoffice email) For all those men who believe that there's no reason to buy the cow when you can get the milk for free: Nowaday's 80% of women are against marriage, as they have wised up to the fact that for 7ounces of sausage it's not worth buying the entire pig.

 A Few Quick Thoughts: 1. . She rocks my lil gwennish socks off. Go love her! 2. urlLink We are so cute its disgusting. 3. Why are weekends only 2 days long, thats poopies. 4. There are only 39 days left until Christmas. 5. We're having lemon meringue pie for Thanksgiving dinner. Thats my favoritest. 6. For once my family really likes my urlLink boyfriend. 7. I keep having urlLink Boz dreams, they're skeery. 8. Chinchillas are REALLY cute. 9. The OC looks like its gonna be pretty bad ass this week. 10. urlLink Peter Gallagher is really hot for a guy with out of control eyebrows.

 Hello Pot? This is the Kettle Calling Before you criticize or call someone out on something, its a good idea to make sure that you're not also guilty of frequently doing it yourself. It helps ensure that your point isn't a void one. Just a thought. Here endeth the lesson.

 Hotdog in the Bun

 urlLink Let Them Sing It

 urlLink Battle Royale

 Ranting & Rallying the Troops As for the rally: We need to start planning something for New Years Eve, stat! I know that last year urlLink Anna , urlLink Tazz and I went to urlLink Brother Jimmy's Bait Shack for their NYE shindig. It was prepaid admission of like $60 but it was all you could eat and drink (including the fishbowls of swampwater!), free party favors, groovable music, yummy bbq, a free champagne toast at midnite. It was a blast, well worth the money. Its strictly 21+ though, so this might be a problem to rally the whole group together, but worth it if you guys can scrounge up a fake in time. We could also get a hotel room and all that fun stuff (I'm thinking something reminiscent of the February HardRock Shindig). You all know how to get in touch with me by now so let me know what some suggestions are, it will surely be a blast!!! For the rantings: 1. This is America, speak English or get out, goddamnit! 2. You're not helpless, stop trying to get everything for free, jerk. 3. Ashley, stop this car crap right now. Im sick of it. Why is Chrysler calling me and asking me for my lawyers name and phone number when a) I dont have a lawyer and b) I'm not suing anyone?!? You told me to write and sign an affidavit that you had to pick up on Sunday or else you would die. I wrote it. Where were you Sunday? You never even called to double check. Why am I busting my butt to settle this? You told me you were going to settle this mess. Forget your abusive boyfriend, now you're gonna have to answer to me. Let me make something clear: urlLink I intend to bring the pain. 4. I hate everyone except for urlLink The Don , urlLink Doogie and Jeff C (no relation to urlLink Sabrina_C ) cause they're the only ones who respect my authoritah as "she who is the provebial llamas pajamas. 5. For the love of all things good and holy: hire me, please!

 urlLink Caution: The surgeon general warns that Veiwing Silent Film Score is equal to 29 orgasms

 urlLink The Polyphonic Spree

 Matrix Revolutions I saw the Matrix Revolutions last nite like everyone else probably did and I have to say: I'm disappointed. Now I know ther are gonna be people out there who are like "You just don't like it, 'cause you don't get it " to you I say: "FUCK YOU!". I got it, I got the Plato, I got the biblical references, I get it. I understand and have the ability to follow a plot, I can read into things and analyze them not on the "obvious" level. That being said: aren't I allowed to feel disappointed that the movie didn't work out the way I wanted it? I will say this: too preachy, too allegorical, too over the top with effects that could have been money spent elsewhere to make a better plotline. Either its a KungFu, Shoot 'em up movie or its a preach fest: make up my mind. I would like to go on record as saying if Sunday morning services were as action packed as Revoltions that would probably get attendance WAY up. Its not just Revolutions that was so disappointing, it was also reloaded. I think that the Wachowski's tried to hard to mass market and make a blockbuster that they lost sight of where they were going with the movie when it first came out. They spoonfed you the obvious underlying ideas of Neo being "the one" etc. how stupid do they think we are. I dunno, after rushing to see it last nite I feel I honestly could have waited. Plus the theatre full of perps who were talking the whole time during an exchange between Neo and Trinity really kind of ruined the experience. I KNOW that ROTK will not dissappoint, so I'll go out like a super fan girl to check that out and the bang for my holiday blockbuster buck will have been met. One last thought: dunno if we all got the same previews but I really want to see a) urlLink The Day After Tomorrow and b) urlLink Troy. Troy looks fuckin' awesome. As for the preview for urlLink Torque : I liked it better when it was called "Fast and the Furious".

 Paris Hilton Sex Video

 urlLink Happy Guy Fawkes Day



 I Need A Vacation I really need a freakin'' vacation. Ideally I'd like to go back to the Caribbean on a urlLink cruise , that was a blast and the water and scenery and weather was just amazing. Its not that I haven't been having fun, but I just need to get out of the area for a while. I'm feeling really weird. Montreal was a nice and well needed break, I just wish it had been a little longer. urlLink The Bride and urlLink groom from the wedding we attended this weekend are going to Turks & Caicos for their honeymoon. I wish I could stow away in their suitcases. I'm also thinking that since my last 2 birthdays (21st & 22nd) were so C R A P P Y that I'd go on vacation for my 23rd birthday just so I don't have to be disappointed by other people's crap. Does anyone have any good suggestions for places that are tropical and warm and not exorbitantly priced for a vacation? Also, please bear in mind that I absolutely HATE flying and I live on the eastern coast of the U.S. so I'm near major transportation hubs (like the 79th street Boat Basin in Manhattan).

 Hot & Musical Go check out Gavin deGraw, he rocks your lame ass.

 I Love My Girlies We're way cuter than you!

 The Diva & Don Strike Again This convo is being posted here for posterity and for its comedic value. SheeplovR2: oh oh oh the sword site you linked yeasterday SheeplovR2: for larping sword acxtion SheeplovR2: i thought it was gogin ot be a porn site SheeplovR2: cause it said latex somthing SheeplovR2: haha I AbsolutAngel I: no it was larpalicious SheeplovR2: and im liek whats she showing SheeplovR2: i clcik SheeplovR2: i liek the swords SheeplovR2: but whys it have ot be attacted to thsoe larpers SheeplovR2: i jsut wnana hit my brother wiht a fake sword I AbsolutAngel I: though i have to say SheeplovR2: i used up all the rapping paper tubes I AbsolutAngel I: in a wierd related unrelated note I AbsolutAngel I: i had a dream the night before about i was in a "toy" store and tehre was a sword vibrator and it was pink jelly and i wanted it SheeplovR2: that woudl be kick ass I AbsolutAngel I: i think i will invent it SheeplovR2: full sword or little dil sized sword I AbsolutAngel I: a lil dil sized one I AbsolutAngel I: but it was so cool I AbsolutAngel I: and then i saw the latex larp swrods I AbsolutAngel I: it was a sign I AbsolutAngel I: i am gonna be come lord of the vibes I AbsolutAngel I: forget the fuckin rings SheeplovR2: HA SheeplovR2: i jsut searched for sword vibrators and theres somthign caleld the sword of love SheeplovR2: btu ti donest looks lie ka sword its more liek a penis wiht the T thing SheeplovR2: liek a sword has and its flesh coloredf SheeplovR2: they need somthign that looks liek it glowns when orgs are near SheeplovR2: liek if ink girl was near ti woudl lgiht up blue I AbsolutAngel I: exactly I AbsolutAngel I: lol

 WILSON

 So Yeah Neither the myself nor the Don has blogged in a few days. We like suck, and stuff. So here it is: I'm updating. I had a great weekend of parties with friends, manicures and naps...oh yeah and a tasty assed lunch at Black Bear Saloon (c: Only two more days at work until some more time off, I can make it, I promise...I'll tough it out. Tomorrow starts my pre-NYE attempt at quitting smoking so I don't have to go cold turkey on Thursday morning. I can do it. Its easy, I'm just lazy, so since its another resolution to not be so lazy, I should be able to make it ok. If I could sum up the year 2003 in one word it would be the following: conjunctivitis-esque . Yes, thats a word, Fuckers. Anyhow, I got pink eye or pink eye like symptoms about six times this year. urlLink It all started in February when I bought my Olsen Twins bath pouf and I got it FIVE times since then. What the hell. I woke up Saturday A.M. all pink and itchy again. What happened Friday night? I finally threw out the Olsen's Bath Pouf (yes, I was smart enough to not use it) and the next day I wake up with pink eye. I tell you, they're on a mission to ruin my vision, those little tramps. Peace out, Cub Scouts!

 Woooo! December 30th, please hurry up and get here!!!! God, Im such a chick.

 The Last Days of Nancy Negative Well kids, its that time of the year where we reflect back on the year and try and decide what we will try to do better in the next year. So here it is in all its glory, my new year's resolution: I am going to be a positive, successful and accomplished person. It seems lofty, and frankly I'm a little scared of it myself, but I can and will do it. I learned a few very valuable lessons this year and I want to share them with you so that you guys can reach your own personal goals and aspirations for 2004 (sorry if this seems preachy). 1) Words give things power. If you say negative things consistently then you will be awash in a sea of negativity and in turn only attract negative people (opposite attraction generally only works for magnets). Conversely, if you set a list of goals for yourself and want to accomplish some positive things. Write them down, read them to yourself once or twice a day, really focus on them. Allow your words to give your goals power. 2) Winners win, because they're willing to do what losers aren't. Sounds simple and stupid right? Right! Its that easy to make a change though, pick up the slack where someone drops it, even if no one else is doing it, you'll advance yourself further and while it may not pay off immediately, trust me, people will notice that you're willing get stuff done and by time they realize it works, you'll be leaps and bounds ahead of them. 3) If you're not growing, you're dying. Make yourself better. Read for 30 minutes a day, get up at the same time everyday just to establish a habbit, hit the gym even though you really don't want to. Once you start doing this stuff enough it will become second nature to you and the tasks you've set for yourself that seemed impossible and unattainable will become closer and easier to reach because you're thinking positively and going and growing in the right direction. We all have the inner potential to be that amazing person with the great carreer, family life and social life who is always making positive changes and positive things happen who we all envy and just wonder how they do it, all we have to do is tap into it and if we all grow just a little bit we'll unlock part of ourselves that will allow us to reach that potential. 4) Look out for yourself and take care of yourself, even spoil yourself, if you don't chances are no one else will either. Its good to reward yourself for the small progresses you make. Set goals and measure yourself against them. Even though you'll already have the plus of reaching a goal, you can give yourself a small incentive to get rolling on the rest of your tasks you've set. 5) A positive outlook goes a long way. Sure, people are gonna look at you funny at first, but I promise you, positivity catches on. If you want to surround yourself with a good growing environment just emit positivity, its like a pebble in a pond, eventually it will ripple out. 6) Don't be a "should-head" "I Should do this...." "I should do that..." JUST DO IT! Let me put it in nerdier terms for those of you who are in touch with your inner geeks: "Do or do not, there is no try". Finally, I encourage you all to pick up a book called Reach Your True Potential: How to Overcome Self-Defeating Behavior by Sheri Zampelli, it will change some of your lives. Laugh at me if you wish, but these are my honest goals for the year that is rapidly approaching. I've sold out to the power of self improvement and I guess this is my first step towards seeing if it really works. I have 8 more days of bitching and moaning left for the year so buckle your seatbelts for that, but after January 1st I'm going to try and turn over a new leaf. See ya on the flipside, kids!

 Its Chistmass time so its time to bring up The Flintsones

 Oh My Fucking God When you're trying to "take care of personal business" its a good idea to close all the porn on your computer when you're done so that when you're chilling out on you're bed later just rummaging trhough your mail and your mom walks in your room she doesn't look at your monitor and go "What the HELL is that?" referring to the picture of a vagina with a tounge on it on your screen. Then you wont have to make up some excuse about how some guy you know sent you an email telling you it was a "funny" picture and you opened that. Im going to be in the corner killing myself now, thanks...

 Funny urlLink This is the funniest thing I've seen in a long time. (it has curses and needs the sound to be funny so go with it) Big ups to Jared for the link

 Patience4tehwin! I have wanted the "Vertical Stripe Scarf" from urlLink The Gap since it came out this fall. However, if I bought a $40 scarf my boyfriend would beat the everliving piss out of me (see previous references to my $30 coach keyfob...it was a JACK RUSSELL!). Anyhow, the price finally dropped to $20 and it was nowhere to be found cause all the crackpots like me want it. This morning I spent 1 hour at work calling all the Gaps in a 15 mile radius (thats 12 gaps for those of you not in the know). Finally, Linda, the glorious little elf at the Gap in Rye, NY had it. Its on hold for me, and today, it shall be mine...well, Christmas morning after mommy gives it to me it shall be mine. Wooooooooooooooooo!

 ROTK Rocks Your Lame Ass... Alternate Title: Best Movie Ever! + + + plus the mos ass kicking plot makes getting home at 4am and wasting a sickday so worth it.

 urlLink I HATE YOU HOT TOPIC

 What happens when you have... 1) nothing to do 2) a sharp knife 3) a large lime 4) a patient cat 5) too much tequila 6) and its football season? urlLink This!

 I Love The Internet urlLink Man travels back in time from year 2036. What has he got to say? Click here to find out. Its LONG, but interesting at least on a purely entertainment level. Stan has been on FIRE with his linkage lately....first tampon angels now a time traveler predicting a civil war int he U.S. in 2005. Nice work, bud!

 Today Was A Bad Day To Quit Sniffing Glue... Why is it that in order for me to ever get space/quiet/peace/serenity/alone time in my life I have to come out swinging and acting like an insensitve bitch? Do I really speak that unclearly to friends and co-workers that it always has to result in me flipping out about stuff? Its definitley my problem, but now how to fix it? On an unrelated note: please know that I'm sorry I couldn't be there for you today as there was no way I could get out of work, but know that you were in my thoughts all day and I think you're a brave, strong and amazing person and I'm here for you no matter what the hour. <3

 Holy Crap They Foudn Saddam and he Looks like the dwarf from LOTR

 urlLink See Silent Filmn Score

 O, Christmas Tree This year get the prettiest ornaments on your Christmas tree. Click urlLink here to find out how. So simple, any gal can make 'em at home! Its like Martha Stewart meets the Tampax C.E.O. Big ups to Stan for the link!

 Lever 2000 Question

 Haikus For my Linked Bloggers As my christmas present to all you lil lovelies I wrote you each a haiku about your blog. I didn't say that they were good. I just said that I wrote them... The Don, The sheeple He is the best co-blogger He wants to make out Autospy Report Going to medical school working in the morgue Oh, Ayatetta At making costumes no one is better etta Boz is always sick Always updating his blog With Dirty Pictures The Lovely Cacoa Always so sweet and cheery She's the cat's p.j.s Chez Pink is reppin Hardcore for the ATL Her cat is mad cute Dave and his randi Two quite sexual penguins They have a webcam Doogie is my man I like to pinch his boy butt he thinks i'm insane Fuzzybutt Rocks you She's down with the oppresed guy They're a cute couple Gary's quite unlucky Something with a small penis He was in a porn Hippie is still new He rocks 'cause he's down with Dar That is hella cool I.A. The Lawyer He is Eli Whitney's Twin He went to trial Jen is a cool chick She cant get online at work Her blog is on hold Tazz is my dear friend He likes to rant and complain Yay, republicans Jon2 is jewish He still plans Christmas Parties He calls them Luaus Kevynn's from Cali He is a smoking barkeep his blog is random Kzug is still new I found her by accident She knows about alf Lame king is in school Typical party fella Lots of funny tales Liz in the kitchen She's got her favorite knife Watch out, Racheal Ray Two Sisters Down South They have a horse and a blog Mad Pony is fun Maria Kicks Ass She's one third of amigos She's better than you Matty is a man Obsessed wtih boobs and killing Bodies in the trunk Paul writes long entries He's stuck between new and old He'll figure it out Sabrina AudBlogs Spreading the Woochata word She got it trademarked Shanti from Cali Her ex is a big jerkface She's cooler than him TBone the Texan His Cutlet is a real doll He's a great writer My Tina Beana Mommy, wifey, bloggy girl Much love for tina TJ's Crescent Fresh His name has no vowels but neither does his chick's Whitey's man servant Sticking it to the white man He don't take no crap

 Jimi Thing Lately I've been feeling low A remedy is what I'm seeking Take a taste of what's below Come away to something better What I want is what I've not got But what I need is all around me Reaching searching never stop And I'll say... If you could keep me floating just for a while 'Til I get to the end of this tunnel...mummy If you could keep me floating just for a while I'll get back to you Take a Jimi Thing Just to keep me swingin' I'd like to show you what's inside I shouldn't care if you don't like it Brother chaos rules all about Sometimes I walk there Sometimes, God knows, I take a bus there I should't care I shouldn't care bereaved as I'm feeling Day is gone I'm on my back Staring up at the ceiling I take a drink sit back relax Smoke my mind makes me feel Better for a short time What I want is what I've not got What I need is all around me Reaching searching never stop And I'll say If you could keep me floating just for a while 'Til I get to the end of this tunnel...mummy If you could keep me floating just for a while I'll get back to you... dm

