 1 five pound chicken, cleaned. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Make the stuffing. You'll need: 3 tablespoons of oil 1 medium sized onion, diced 3 stalks of celery, diced 1/2 a box of button mushrooms (5 or 6), sliced 4 or 5 soda crackers (soup crackers) 1 egg Heat up a decent sized sautee pan. When it's hot add your oil. Then add your onions and cook them until their soft, about 5 minutes. Add your celery and cook until it gets soft, about 5 minutes. Add your mushrooms and cook until they start to brown and soaked up some of the oil from the pan. While this is happening, smash your crackers lightly until their broken apart but not obliterated and add water until they are just wet. We don't want them soaking, we want them damp. Then scramble in an egg. Add the mixture to the pan and mix everything together really, really well. Once it's mixed and cooked for a few minutes, turn off your pan and let the stuffing cool until you can touch it with your hand not cold, not cool, not warm, hot but touchable. Then with a tablespoon, shove the stuffing tightly into your bird until it's bursting out of the opening. By now you have your chicken in a roasting pan. Add about 3/4 of an inch of water and stick your chicken in the oven. Nice and easy. You'll cook it between 1 and a half hours and two hours depending on how well done you like your chicken. Test it by cutting the leg away from the body. If you see pink meat or pink juices your chicken is not thoroughly cooked. Every 25 minutes or so, check your chicken and take coat with a tablespoon of the cooking juice. For variety add potatoes and carrots to the pan. You'll have a meal by the time your chicken is done. Serve with a nice salad.

 In the year of 2004, many people find themselves alone and without the support of family, either by choice or by situation. This website is here to provide the support you need for your homelife that others get through their families and/or extended families. The people who contribute belong to a close group of friends that met on the internet and have been providing support for each other through their weblogs and through emails. We don't claim to be professional advice givers. We are merely people with a lot of life experience that are willing to share it with those who need it. We hope to help people with problems that aren't serious enough for professional counselors and social workers but those that you might get help for from a family group. The recipe part comes from the administrator's wish for closer ties to large groups of women that you might find in a small village or large family living in the same house. So, come here if you are looking for a fun recipe. If you don't see something useful feel free to email us as we are just getting started. If you have a question that you are too embarrassed to ask your co-worker or your own family, email the question to us. We promise to respect your privacy. We will answer relationship questions or questions about the home. As the administrator I will look at your question and see if it is soft enough for our group of non-experts to handle. If it's too serious, I'll see if I can point you in the right direction for help. Once your question is posted, the individuals who contribute to this web log will cut and paste your question at the top of their post and give you advice as best they can. Being that there are several people fielding questions, chances are you'll get varied and solid advice, enough for you to choose I'm looking forward to hearing your questions. I'm looking forward to seeing how this project turns out. Best Regards, The Administrator

 I learned over the last two days that there three levels of thin. Thin, paper thin and shredded. Shredded is the setting for people who have no teeth or people who have animals that like to eat deli food. It just keeps getting better.

 I've lived in Astoria for 10 years now. Naturally, there are people I've seen in the neighborhood that I recognize... some of them of course are good looking adult men with whom I've had some flirtations. Well, wouldn't you know, almost every single one of those guys came into the store today and I had to wait on half of them. Picture me, in a dirty apron, wearing a synthetic cap (I don't do synthetic well) with my hair pulled back in a Board of Health bun and latex gloves. Yeah. You get the picture. Not only is this the antidote for hubris, but this is also the antidote for attracting men.

 Here is comment made by an older (yeah, old) woman I helped today at work. While I was slicing her low-sodium boiled ham, I overheard this very sweet looking old lady say.... "This summer stinks!!!!"

 Although technically the summer is not over until September 21st, we consider it over because children and young adults everywhere are going back to school. I personally could not be more thrilled that this summer is winding down because it's probably been the least enjoyable of my life. The humidity has been consistently uncomfortable, I've been out of work and haven't had enough money to get to the beach. Looking for a job in the summer is the worst. The weather always makes it difficult for me to look composed for interviews and college kids are usually explointed to death through internships interfering with my ability to get hired for an actual salary. Well. The kids are going back to school and hopefully the job market will be opening up again. Not that I don't enjoy working at the Supermarket, actually that flower lost its bloom on my second day, but I'd really like a job with a desk and computer and dare I say a door and a window. Not that this summer has been a complete disaster. I've made some new friends and discovered a great new hobby. If it weren't for the nice people I have in my life and have added to my life, this summer would have completely sucked. I'll be glad when the Autumnal Equinox brings a long awaited change of season.

 I thought I should weigh in on this controversy about Mel Gibson's new movie. If indeed he does have a scene where urlLink jews are standing in a mob egging on Jesus's crucifixion and ultimately his death as I have heard reported on various radio programs I find myself recently fascinated with then do we really need to have a discussion about this? It sounds a little revisionist to me. N'est ce pas? Come on people. Don't you realize that all of the stereotypes that exist now about jews are all that crap that people believed about Jews for the hundreds of years that kept getting them kicked around and eventually out of Europe and ultimately ended with the Jews running Hollywood now because at the turn of the 20th century nobody liked them or would hire them to do anything so they had to create their own industry? This is the propaganda that Hitler pulled together for the sake of unifying his poor, starving, humiliated German masses against the jews and the crap he told himself and his NAZI soul mates in order to justify killing the people who he convinced himself were responsible for the economic suffering of Germany? With their hatred of Christ and their money squandering and their crooked lending practices and what of the time that the entire Jewish nation 1938 years previously (give or take a year) rallied together to bring down the life and teachings of one man, Jesus Christ? The damage that Hitler did and the propaganda he distributed and dissiminated is still being fought by the Anti Defamation league today. That shit came over on the boats after WWII. The Vatican believed that the Jews were responsible for years and they encouraged the thinking and teaching of it. But even they realized that was not a good idea because of the international levels of antisemitism arising. Isn't that why they had that DIET? (is that what those meetings are called? My philosophy of theology class memories are a little cloudy) Wasn't it called Vatican 2 and didn't they try to erase that from their coffers? Not that you can erase 1960 years of blaming the jews for the birth of a religion. The point is this. Mel Gibson doesn't believe in the 1960 decision. Propagating the belief that jews killed jesus at this time is bad because antisemitism is on the rise again. And not just in those middle eastern places whose disgruntled youth express their rebellion through suicide bombings. I'm talking about places like France and parts of Florida. He is an artist and has a responsibility to make the world a better place, not a crappy worse one. Doesn't he know that it's mostly Jewish executives that run Hollywood? That thing will never run for long in the states if at all. And from what I hear, he's making up half the stuff in his movie anyway for content.

 My first day at the supermarket was fantastic. I never dreamed a job like that could be so much fun. My first task upon arrival was washing dishes, which I love doing, because cleaning is important, of course. My second task was to Windex the display counter (more cleaning). Third, I spent two hours prepping the antipasto. Just awesome. Since I am a little compulsive, I cut the food as uniformly as possible, so my salad looks just beautiful. Out of the Provolone, Swiss, Pepperoni, Salami, celery, red and green peppers, I chopped what seemed like a million uniform little rectangles (or maybe not so uniform in the way that no snowflake is repeated). Granted I'm not even sure that's a correct recipe for antipasto salad (celery?) but very soothing. I labeled prepackaged packages of cheese with one of those delicounter price label makers and I tried Havarti cheese with dill. Yummers. I even got to taste Capacola which was probably the most exciting part of the day. That's the deli meat that Tony Soprano pronounces Gabagule on the Sopranos. I was so excited that it actually exists but not only does it exist, it comes wrapped around cheese from a company called le Fromagerie. That was probably the best first day of work I've ever had on any job, ever. And on top of that the people are supremely nice. What more could a girl want? I think I'm going to be okay.

 My makeup choice for today. Not too dark eyeliner, mascara, blue eyeshadow and pink lipstick, which I think should be appropriate for deli meats. My wardrobe choice. Loosefitting jeans, comfortable socks, sneakers and a random shirt. I'm also wearing a baseball cap until the manager can order my very own delicounter cap. The manager will give me my very own shirt with the supermarket logo upon arrival. My hair. Sadly, I had to pull my hair back into a small neat bun. As much as it pains me to hide what I consider my best feature, it will allow room for my other best feature. My radiant smile and my utterly charming personality. (yeah, I don't believe it either) Just pray that my eyes don't roll 100 times today. I have almost no control of this common reaction to other people's stupidity. Anyway, I'm off to slice the salami, roast the chicken, mix the potato salad and whatever other duties this new fun job will entail.

 Hey. I start at the supermarket tomorrow. It's kinda cool. You know when people are kids and they dream about being waitresses or librarians or policemen. Well, when I was a kid I always wanted to work behind the deli counter. I don't know why. Maybe it was the striped shirts the girls wore behind the deli counter at the supermarket I went to when I was a child. They always looked like they were having so much fun. So, in a way, this really is a dream coming true on some level. I'm psyched. Wish me luck.

 In case any of you were wondering about that happy tomato that survived exposure to the tropical humidity of two weeks ago, I am happy to announce that he has happily survived these last two weeks in my refrigerator. Until this afternoon, that is. I decided to cook some chicken that survived the urlLink great blackout of 2003 (which hopefull won't kill me). Let me break it down for you. I defrosted the chicken. I sauteed a nice big ole onion (and it's old. it made me cry upon slicing). Then I took that big, beautiful red tomato and diced it into tiny little pieces. After adding the tomato, I gently laid out my chicken and then added some white beans. It's an old recipe but a good one. If I only had some urlLink flageolet the dish would be absolutely perfect but for now, store brand small white beans will have to suffice. Later, he will help to decorate a plate of brown rice and then I can enjoy a nice hot meal on a nice hot day. Jealous?

 When I got home this evening I was prepared to write about Mayor Bloomberg's trip to Israel (point of that?); men's junk and how much room they have to make for it in the subway (you know that guy who has to spread his legs so far open to make room for his fantastically large genitalia that there is no room for a human woman's hips to fit into the space next to him), and my high school prom. But I'm in a good mood and I don't feel like whining. Don't worry. I'll get back to it. The Bloomberg thing has me a little peeved. Thank goodness he doesn't draw a salary as a mayor and thank goodness he flew on his private jet because I would've been majorly pissed if we were paying for this trip. When did he become a diplomat. I'm sure if all Jewish folk could go to Israel to express their sympathies that we wouldn't unless we all had family there. Perhaps he does have family there and that's why he went. Yeah...Okay....I can live with it if I convince myself he has family there otherwise it just doesn't make much sense. This afternoon, I hung out with a good friend of mine. i rode the bus with her across town so she could pick up her child from summer camp. Next to me, on the bus was an average sized guy sitting with his legs as far apart as humanly possible, squishing me and my woman sized hips into my friend. I took a good look at him and could see no conceivable reason for this as his junk(or what I could of it through his pants anyway) seemed to be of normal size and distribution. I really think that some guys have an overexaggerated notion of the packages they are carrying. Needless to pointout that this does indeed ANNOY me. My HS prom date was 2 inches shorter than me. He was a nice guy but we were kind of the last two people without dates (yeah, sad, isn't it?) and we decided to go together, DUTCH. My HS prom song was DON'T FORGET ABOUT ME. (it wasn't a good song then either). So, after paying for everything myself with a combination of my newspaper route, grocery store cashier, Baskin-Robbins counter person, money, I was surprised to learn weeks later that my date actually liked me in a romantic way. Sadly, I had to let him know that I did not return his feelings, which made me feel like crap, because there's never a nice way to reject somebody. I was also a little annoyed that he let me pay for everything since he liked me so much, so I guess it was a little bit of an FU too on some level. The nice surprise of my prom was that he was a really good slow dancer. It turns out his mom was a dance instructor and he had been dancing for years and he made me look really good on the dance floor. The other great thing was staying out all night with my parent's permission. The next morning they surprised me by throwing a brunch before we all went on our after-the-prom GREAT ADVENTURE excursion. I was somehow tricked into go onto ROLLING THUNDER. All the way up the first incline I kept asking is this the coaster with the big drop and my friends kept saying no, until the big drop. I screamed the whole way and couldn't talk or breathe normally for about 10 minutes after walking away from the coaster. I haven't been on another one since. Otherwise, it was fine day spent with friends. Whew!! I managed to get it all out anyway.

 Perhaps I've mentioned my love of gardening? I was walking around Astoria today and I passed by several yards that had potted plastic flowers. Now, if these yards only featured plastic flowers that would be one thing but these plastic flowers were placed in pots where real flowers were growing. Real pretty flowers too. It's one of those things that makes you go hmmmmm.

 Bryant Park was mobbed. First, they showed a Bugs Bunny cartoon, Mutiny on the Bunny, very funny. The quality of the print was superb. Flawless. It was a treat to see a Bugs Bunny cartoon on the big screen. Then, they showed movie trailers which was quite unexpected. Since HBO sponsors the free movie series, an HBO trailer was shown, you know, the one with the cool music. During that multitudes of people got up and danced. It must have been one of those bizarre e-crowd mob things. Next they showed the movie, minus the dark screened introduction. As excited as I was to have an opportunity to see 2001 on the big screen, I have to say I was disappointed. The print was filthy. I was so disgusted I left before Dave repeats his command to HAL to open the pod bay doors. If you're not going to show a good print of 2001, don't show the movie at all. That movie is too special and it's an insult to the good memory of Stanley Kubrick.

 For any Kubrick fans out there, tonight at urlLink Bryant Park they are showing 2001: A Space Odyssey , as part of their summer film series........... I think it's the last night.

 I just secured a part-time job at the Deli Counter at a local supermarket. I start on Thursday. After 30 days, I become part of the Union, which means time and a half on Sundays. Wow. It seems as if all my dreams are starting to come true.

 I just realized that without cable television I will be unable to watch Sex and the City and then complain about it. Bill Maher neither. Dude. What a bummer.

 The Olsen Twins, oozing sex. On the cover of Rolling Stone, ready to pop... So important that they were Interviewed in People Magazine because they were filming in Toronto when the lights went out. Here is what it said in people magazine next to their sexy double head shot in the Sept 1, 2003 issue of People Magazine. When the blackout hit their Toronto movie set, "we were right in the middle of a scene," says Mary-Kate. "The generators went on, and wow, were we lucky - they even worked." Better still: So did their trailers' air-conditioning. If you are one of those people counting the days until their 18th birthday, because of some bizarre adolescent twin fantasy, please contact me so I can smack you upside your head.

 Have you guys heard that Courtney Love might be Marlon Brando's granddaughter? Yeah. I know. I don't care either.

 I love gardening. Can't rant against it because I just love it and I got to do it this weekend. I collected some more freckles and some bug bites but boy was it fun. My mother and I cleared out an area densely populated by nasty, ugly, viney, weeds. We didn't even clear out the whole patch before we filled up three large garbage pails. We had to stop before it was done because it was just too intense. But thoroughly enjoyable like fishing or vacuuming. Awesome!!!!!!!!

 Long Island Rail Road just ripped me off for 3 dollars. I bought my ticket on the train. Right. Sunday night, the station is closed, you don't have to pay the penalty. Au contraire, mon frere. As of May blah blah of this year, if there is a working vending machine in the station that you could have used, even if the ticket counter is closed, you can now be penalized three dollars. It's bad enough the ticket to Long Beach went up to 6 from 4.50, now, they are penalizing me 3, off peak on a Sunday night. After I yelled at the conductor that this was some serious bull shit, I gave him 9 bucks but I am going to get that money buck. Oh yes, I will get my 3 dollars back. I can't believe they are actually getting away with this serious ripoff. That is such a sleazy way to make money.

 I had a choice between keeping my Green Party T-Shirt which I got at a Ralph Nader rally several years ago and keeping the turquoise turtle neck with cowboys riding bunking broncos repeated in a pattern. Yeah. I kept the Green Party shirt.

 I've decided to really clean house today and that means the worst possible thing for a packrat. I am throwing things away. So far I have thrown away: 11 back issues of Game Informer Magazine (Ouch!) 7 back issues of Newsweek 27 pens (I tested about 100) A 10 year old skirt An ugly dress I bought from EBAY An ugly shirt given to me by a dear, dear friend (Ouch!) A table top I found on the street that I was going to paint Things I'm struggling with: A game I found coming into my building one day called FACT OR CRAP! The graphics on the box are amazing Old shoes (nothing over $100, I just hate to throw away shoes) Other old clothing that just doesn't fit but it's that stuff I just don't want to throw away because there is that chance that one day I might fit into that stuff again. Some of my books, I might actually donate those to the library. My 3/4 length Forest Green Plaid Banana Republic Coat with the torn lining, given to me by my an ex-boyfriend that I don't particularly remember fondly, but I just love the coat. A Ricky Martin video....something else I found in the hallway. I'm debating about this item because it's cheese value is enormous. A couple of pairs of spike heeled black patent leather shoes that I will never wear because the heels are 5 inches high, also given to me by a friend. Perhaps someone out there would want to buy those. They are nice shoes and it would be a waste to throw them away. It doesn't seem like the kind of item you give to the Salvation Army. Old books and sheets of music from my flute playing days (I've been holding on to that forever.) Old computer games I don't play anymore with practically no resale value. And the beat goes on.....back to the Salt Mines.

 urlLink UNEMPLOYMENT BY METRO AREA See how your home town ranks. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) -- Nationally, unemployment was 6.2 percent in July, down from 6.4 percent in June, the Labor Department said. Employers cut 44,000 more jobs from their payrolls in July, and the year-over-year change in payrolls has been negative for 25 straight months, the longest stretch since 1944- 46. Depressing, n'est ce pas?

 It's not true that insomniacs don't sleep. It's probably more accurate to say that we don't sleep well. Personally, I sleep in blocks. Deep, intense blocks that can last between 1 hour and 4 hours. Well, I just had a dream/memory about my first kiss. I was fourteen years old and at a wedding in France. It was my Aunt's (by marriage) brother's wedding. It was very cool because I was getting a lot of attention for being the American and I looked kind of older than the 14 year old girls in France because in the 80's it was just like that. I don't know if it still is. Anyway, my Aunt's brother Didier's wife Collette, had this cousin who I guess I was flirting with but didn't realize I was doing it. After a few hours of dancing (French people can party), I went outside for some air and this cute cousin of hers followed me outside. He was speaking crappy English to match my crappy French and while he was talking to me he kept moving in closer......and then he did that leaning in thing. I had no idea what was going on and all of a sudden my lips were wet and being mashed into my face. I remember my heart started to beat a little faster. I was thinking "Wow, I'm making out with someone" and his body was leaning into mine and it was so exciting. That was the first time I ever felt that way. But I stopped it because I wasn't entirely comfortable with what was going on. I left him there and went back inside. It's a nice memory. Up to a certain point. A little bit later, the entire wedding party followed the married couple in a procession to their home and it's at that point in the celebration when you accompany the married couple to their wedding bed and make them drink champaign from an oversized glass smeared with chocolate (it supposed to look like a used toilet, don't ask). After that, I saw him talking to my Aunt and I think she told him how young I was. Of course, I thought he knew I was young. You should also know that I thought he was 15 or 16 but he was actually much older. Well, after he spoke with my Aunt I remember he gave me a really dirty look and marched away. I never really figured out what was really going on until way later, because, yes, I was that innocent. Also, I was wearing a very pretty dress my mother had made me. It was white with purple flowers. Isn't fun, how vivid a memory can be?

 Friendships, close friendships can be complicated, as complicated as the people in them. Friendships exist on many levels and cover a wide range of emotions. When a friendship has gone on for a long time a lot of things happen that test the people in it. If one friend takes too much it creates an imbalance and the one who is giving can become depleted and resentful. Take a look at your friendships and make sure you are givng as much as you are taking. If you find you are giving too much, it might be time to take a break. If you are taking too much, it might time to give your friend a break.

 After much consideration I have decided that I am going to hold on to my Homies collection.

 It's only been a little while now since I've gotten ridden of my cable and I find myself forced to listen to CD's I haven't listened to in ages. Music. How brilliant!!!! I am ashamed to admit that I could forget such simple a pleasure. Life without cable TV. What a concept. I have been freed from my cablecentric life. Raise a glass to me tonight when you are dining with your loved ones.

 The angels wept today as I detached my cable box from my television and reinstalled my bunny ear antaena (sp?). I'm simplifying my budget and my life. I wonder what's going to go next.

 When did the words manicure and pedicure become one word? In an effort to maintain some dignity and normalcy in my life, I decided to get a manicurepedicure today. It was wonderful. Sometimes you just need human contact and that's what I got. My feet were massaged, my hands were massaged and while everything was drying my back was massaged and it was nice. There was a man there getting his nails done. That was refreshing. On the way back from my manicurepedicure, I walked past a man wearing a bright orange T-shirt with a picture of Jesus and the caption "Jesus is my Homeboy". I wonder if Jesus knows what's being done in his name.

 Carnival music playing. Throat burning. Eyes closing. Nyquil working. Valerie sleeping.

 I've got the first Mission Impossible movie on the tele and I have to tell you that of all the fantastic scenarios constructed for our movie going pleasure, the most fantastic is that Emanuelle Bearth, goddess of the French cinema, is married to the traitorous John Voight. 'Cause her husband in reality, if she's still married to him, is the very hot Daniel Auteuil, also of French cinema. Forgive my spellings, I'm bad with names.

 My eyes are so swollen they look like narrow slits. I don't have a fever but I feel like I do. My throat is soar. My chest is so congested and my nose is so stuffed that I can barely breath. Yet somehow I'm supposed to go out into the world today and get a customer service job or a retail job in BUTT BLANK, Long Island. I don't want to sound like a sad sack but HOLY CRAP!!!!!!!!! How am I supposed turn this one around into a positive?

 "Just a minute. Be right there. Oh hi. Come on in. Sit down." "Excuse me? Yes I was at urlLink Tuesday Night Trivia but I'd rather not talk about it because my team came in fifth." "You don't have to say that. It is pretty bad." "No, I really don't want to talk about it." "No, really." "What? "Okay.......since it was so well hyped this week, I suppose I should tell you a little bit about it. The first 3 rounds were standard trivia fare. Nothing unusual. But the music round, that was pretty tough. The urlLink co-host played music clips by artists with the letter x in their names." "Yes. Very exciting." "Yes. and exacerbating." "Yes. Ha ha, yeah exactly, uh, can I continue?" "Thank you. The urlLink co-host made up for the frustration of the audio round with his Arnold S. movie posters. I imagine quite an effort went into gathering all of those movie posters into one place and being able to name some of the movies made the second round a little more enjoyable and little topical." "Yes. I'll be co-hosting the 9th of September." "No. I'm not saying, you'll just have to wait like everyone else." "Let's watch a movie. I just got urlLink Incubus back from my neighbor. Have you ever heard of William Shatner?" "Well. It's not Star Trek. urlLink It's really high art. You'll love it."

 Rules of Attraction In my continual effort to understand the rules of attraction, I have stumbled across a stumbling block. This where I explain how a woman in her mid-thirties can still fall victim to a common high school affliction - the crush - or not. Sometimes I'm just too tired to try to make sense of it. I'm so tired of the mixed signals or are they mixed signals? Maybe I'm imagining signals as a result of wishful thinking and having crush like tendencies. Either way, this combination of wishful thinking with having a crush is interfering with my intuition. I just can't trust my judgment anymore. Sometimes I would give anything to be one of those cute, not so bright but bright enough to manipulate men, women for who attracting people is a seemingly effortless effort. But noooooooooo. I have to be "bright" and "analytical" and deconstruct everything around me until it's lost all enjoyment and meaning. (why can't i just enjoy the moment?) And I have broken it out down. The problem isn't really that I don't attract people; the problem is that I attract people I don't want to be attracted to me. Like the crazy guy on my block on 7 medications and living with a foster family; that's not to say he's not a nice guy, but one might not want his gene pool to continue. Like the older gentlemen, and I mean older, which always look at me wistfully like they're remembering that one time in the rumble seat when they felt Sally May's ass over her bustle. Just once, once, I would like a clear and open field to play the game with the object of my desire. But I tell you, as cute as I am, as dressed up as I get, as down to earth as I can be, as witty and funny as I am, my game is always, always trumped by a cute girl in a spaghetti strap t-shirt and hip hugger jeans or low-rise as we are calling them now. What makes the competition all the more fierce is that the women who dress like this are just as bright, if not brighter than me. All this competition makes me feel like I have no game any more.

 They pulled the old bait and switch on me yet again and I fall for it every time. The position I wanted was Junior Administrative Assistant (office manager/gal friday). When I got there I was told it was already filled. So then they proceeded to pick me apart like a vulture and for what? A possible customer service job. Which is fine.....i would have applied for that.......I hate bait & switch (picture me waving my fist to the heavens and grimacing) The four tests I had to take this time: Word Excel Powerpoint Typing Of course in keeping with my bad luck, the office was experiencing the ill effects of a computer virus thus delaying their processes. I'm supposed to call tomorrow morning to see if that customer service job wants me. And you know the sad thing is, I really, really hope they do. Because if they do, I won't have to take the subway to the bus to Jericho turnpike for a part-time retail job that I might not get.

 Okay. I've had it. 1) I just had that conversation with my mother yesterday and for several years now, about how getting engaged, having a baby or getting married, somehow validates women and then entitles them to endless amounts of gifts and cash but being single and broke does not entitle you to shit. I'm still waiting for my surprise "Hooray you're single and struggling party!!". So, whoever on Darren Starr's staff has been following me around and bugging my phones needs to step forward. And that's like the third story line that could have been based on conversations I've had with my mom and other women I know. 2) Why has it taken the writers and producers 5 years to introduce a racially mixed romance on to that show? Too little, too late folks. They didn't even allow a mixed religion relationship on that show. Charlotte had to convert from WASP to Jew in order for that storyline to continue. 3) I don't know anyone, anyone, who spends more than 100 dollars on shoes. I don't know anyone who lives like these women do. If you are a woman who lives like they do on this show, or knows of a woman who lives like this please let me know. I need to know that the producers of that show have at least one foot in the reality door. Actually, I am now inspired to write a treatment for HBO which reflects more accurately the life of the "single dame" in this city. And I assure you; there will be more than one mixed relationship, religiously or racially maybe even some dare I say same sex relationships that don't evolve around "jungle fever" or "experimentation". There will be no mention of expensive shoes, no daintily named colorful drinks, nobody less than a size 12, no coping with problems by shopping, no annoying voiceovers (hasn't the writer failed when a story has to be told through voiceover), and only one character in the show is going to be living in Manhattan. Characters will have to overcome issues like getting their friends who live in Manhattan to come to their parties in Flushing; anxiety attacks; being laid off and/or changing careers; growing apart from their best friends because that happens; not having enough money to make the rent, pay the difference in the subway price hike or pay for food; getting to their friends houses in the other outer boroughs for example travelling from Astoria to Williamsburg; dealing with living in a neighborhood where over 122 languages are spoken and then dealing and coping with cultural differences; women who have been alienated by their families because of their lifestyle/relationship choices and the extended families they make when no one else in their lives will accept them. Oh yeah and there will be sex too. But that's kind of not the point of this rant. I need a more realistic reflection of what life is like for the majority of people in this city. Darren Starr, wherever you are, G-d bless you for your examination of the lives of about one half of one percent of the women who live in NY but I need something a little bit more real.

 Cure for the Blahs. The award for best opening credits of an animated feature goes to urlLink Shrek .

 Creeping malaise Emotional haze please stay away when I'm having my days

 Okay. Here is a urlLink link to an interesting website with thorough photographic documentation of the great blackout of 2003.

 What a lovely day I spent in Poughkeepsie. My cousin's youngest is celebrating his second and he's just the cutest little bowl of puddin' you would ever want to see. When it started to rain, I was sitting on the floor of the playroom drawing pictures of princesses and flowers and hanging out with 20 kids. Eventually it got to be too much because I just can't sit in the Lotus position for as long as I used to be able to. which is so sad, darn aging knees. It was fun. Andrea has a great set up for kids. Her six year old, Rebecca, got a trampoline for her birthday which the kids loved. They have a blow up pool where Scotty, the two year old played until he was shivering and his lips turned blue. Andrea's husband Paul sets up the ultimate waterslide every year. It is the ultimate because their house is on a hill. There was barbeque and a super big hero (from which I took many leftovers) and Andrea made a beautiful cake featuring NEMO, from that movie NEMO which was a big animated hit this summer about a fish. I have got to see that movie. Underwater animation is my favorite. When my cousin Sandra, Aunt Esther and I left Poughkeepsie at 8:30 it was so nice and cool up there, I thought for sure I'd be able to sleep in a nice cool aparment with natural, fresh air keeping me company. But when I opened my door I was assaulted by a wave of hot. I guess I'll have to run the AC tonight. Sorry Governor Pataki.

 1. New Rule - No more Courtney Love jokes. That joke comparing her to an animal in the opening monologue was really tired and undeserved at this point. 2. Jesse Ventura looks like Will Sasso 3. I think Ariana and Bill are secretly married. 4. Anne Coultor makes my blood boil. She was so full of shit tonight, I watched her eyes turn from blue to brown. 5. Orlando Jones? One word. HOT. 6. I miss the comedian segment from the first season.

 Dateline sure put together that news program about the Blackout awfully quick. On Dateline I learned that there was no lightening strike in Canada, no downed powerplant in Manhattan and that noone knows what happened. Only that the failsafe failed and caused a cascading blackout, blah, blah, blah, blah. They also reported that there are going to be meetings in Washington to figure out what happened and how it can it be prevented in the future. Isn't it possible that it was just a glich? Do we have to spend time and money discussing this issue? Can't they put that effort into finding work for people or directly into fixing the problem? Do you mean to tell me that there isn't one person, one engineer, one child prodigy in all of America who can tell us what happened one way or the other? I find that highly unlikely. Why don't they just sic some MIT students on the problem? Make it their senior project or something. So, enough with the meetings. Restore the power, fix the glich, upgrade the grid. That's all. Problem solved. STOP WASTING MY MONEY. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 urlLink The Bionic Woman has a sleep number of 35. Blackouts suck.

 NEWS COVERAGE. BLACKOUT 2003. (cue serious news music) This is the worst recorded blackout in American History, even worse than the one in 1965, in case you haven't heard yet. So at about 5:15 am, Dave's answering machine clicks and we know we have worm sign. We turn on channel 2 news and there is this goddess sitting behind a news desk, reporting the news. I can't believe how well that woman was pulled together considering the 13 hours of darkness and confusion that preceeded my watching her. Her name is Shon Gables and she looked great. But then I saw a report from the street with Magee Hickey who didn't seem to be holding up too well. But she was shooting from the hip, totally improvising the news. She was really on her game. I always liked her reporting, this morning, even more. She was having such a good time, it was really fun to watch her. The other newscaster that didn't seem to be holding up too well was this guy from Channel 11 news, Larry Hoff, good looking guy, well spoken and all, but pink and sweaty from the heat. We redheads (yes I am technically a redhead) do not do well in heat and humidity. I wonder where Carrot Top was when the lights went out.

 So back to blaming Canada, what the hell happened up there? A lightening strike, yeah, right. Gosh, I'm so naive I believe they control the weather. So, I'm in my house and it's dark and I'm using my good, old fashioned phone to talk to my Aunt on Long Island, see what she knows and I hear my friend Dave's voice from the Hallway. He had just walked down 39 flights of stairs, over the 59th Street bridge, and through Astoria to get to my house. He was looking for a phone, but I was so glad to see him because then I knew I would be safe. He's such a good friend he let me glom on to him all night. We left my hot and dark apartment and walked over to his hot dark apartment. It was dark by the time we left my house. But he had a flashlight so it was okay. I live in really cool neighborhood anyway, lots of nice people. There was a party on Broadway (in Astoria). We kept walking past little tribes of people gathered around candles, bbq'ing food, playing cards, hanging out in the restaurants. Michael's and Uncle George's were open for business and we walked by this one open window at Uncle George's where someone was eating a huge, Greek salad. It smelled real good. We walked by one guy who said as we passed "It's so dark out here you can't even see me because I'm so dark." I was a little concerned about looting but that worry soon dissipated because everyone was being really great. My favorite were the parents who were sitting in a circle with several of their kids singing Barney songs which normally I don't like because he's big, purple knock off of Rafi, but the kids were so into it and having such a good time. For the kids it seemed like a cool adventure and I dug that. Parents to keep their kids from freaking out. It's a good thing. My favorite part of the evening was watching the city from the rooftop, watching the stars and watching the moon rise. I think I even saw Mars. That was special.

 ....even during the worst blackout ever, I find myself in the center of a valcentric universe...... So.......where was I when everything went dark? I was home. I hooked up with my neighbors for some initial info and then headed over to Athens Park, where even the statue of Socrates was sweating. I spent several hours there, talking to two Filipina sisters. One is a retired, OB/GYN, Martha, recovering from breast cancer. Also, because of her carpal tunnel syndrome, she can no longer catch the babies, which is another reason she had to retire. Isn't that kind of sad? Her sister Maria is a nurse. The dr and I talked for quite some time becaues my sister-in-law is pregnant and she was so friendly and how often do you get an opportunity like that. Did you know that layer of fat on the baby when it first comes out is called the urlLink Vernix ? So I'm speaking with Dr. Martha and her sister Maria is listening, a little shy but very sweet, and we're getting a good chat on because my best friend growing up was Filipino and with my pregnant in-law we had a lot to discuss. We discussed urlLink Filipino cuisine , like Dinuguan and Balut and if you don't know what either of those are, I really don't want to be the one to explain it to you. And she was telling me about her work, and her illness, and about babies..... it was decent...... (for this next part, please excuse the mixed tenses) And then Enrico sat down. Enrico is this kind of creepy older guy, with a really thick Ecuadorian accent, a reverse lisp and some kind of affectation from possibly a stroke or a facial palsy of some kind.....Either way, he was really, really, hard to understand.......He kept touching his face and saying "yor coot"....."yor coot". Martha figured out that he was giving me a compliment. (naturally the cute guy sitting next to me reading the paper wasn't giving me the time of day but I know the son of a bitch was listening to every word because he wasn't going anywhere and the NY POST is just not that interesting.) So I thank Enrico for the compliment and he starts telling us that he is a painter, an artist and that I'm beautiful. (and he had eyes and everything.) So I tell him that I draw here and there, and pull out my little drawing book. He looks at my goofy little clown and flower pictures and he opens up to a clean page, he asks for a pencil and I figure, wow, I'm gonna' get a portrait. So he looks at me, he scribbles in the book, looks at me, scribbles in the book, looks at me, scribbles in the book. He gets this satisfied look on his face, like he just captured my very soul on a piece of paper. He gives it back to me and would you like to know what was on that piece of paper, ladies and gentlemen? A picture of stacked boxes. He was so pleased with himself at this point, like your cat bringing you a bird it just killed, and I slowly started realizing, this guy is out of his mind. And he's getting a little defensive because I'm not really listening to him and trying to continue my conversation with Martha.....So I excuse myself. I wish the sisters the best of luck and go to say goodbye to him and he pulls me towards him and kisses me French style, meaning once on each cheek, as if he'd known me all his life. He is not the first nut job or older man I've met that finds me attractive. In fact, I seem to be some kind of pied piper for the old and/or crazy. I think the crazy ones think I have a friendly face and the older ones. Gosh, I think I remind them of those SIZE 18 beauty queens from the early 20th Century, 1910 - 1938, or their first girlfriends, or some hooker they went with in Reno in the 50's..... Yeah, and when I say older, I mean much, much, much older.......

 I just ate the chicken wings and I have to say they weren't too bad. Okay. That's it. My thoughts are my own for the rest of the day. I promise..........

 I'm baking the chicken wings.

 A LIE OF THE MIND Because of my blogplosion yesterday, I promised myself I was going to stay away today but I just can't because a good friend of mine, urlLink Cyndy Marion , is mounting a production of Sam Shepard's urlLink A LIE OF THE MIND in September and I want you all to check it out. (just hit the blue words and you'll be linked to urlLink White Horse Theater's website.) urlLink Reservations are highly recommended.

 Dear Diary, Last night, I made three new friends who took me to a store that sells exotic foods and candies. They were boys. They showed me a bunch of neat and interesting snacks that I could buy, but I only wanted to eat the peas. One of the boys bought me a soda. I had to ask for help because I couldn't open the soda bottle by myself. It was weird. There was this glass marble where your mouth goes, that I had to push into the bottle, but it wouldn't move no matter how hard I tried. So then the boy opened the bottle for me and I was finally able to drink the soda, something called "KIWI", and it was urlLink delishkus . It may have also been a little bit nutritious ..... but don't tell anybody. The three boys were very nice. Each one had a special quality. One had urlLink brains , one had urlLink heart and one had urlLink courage . It was fun. I liked them very much and I hope they liked me too. Have a good night, dear diary.

 GOOD NEWS My other tomatoes survived. urlLink One is chilling away nicely in the cool refrigerator (I learned my lesson about produce and abnormal levels of humidity). However, it's not a happy ending for the other survivor of last night's 97% humidity. The other was just chopped up into many, many pieces for my macaroni, garlic, tuna, tomato cassarole type thing that's chilling right now in the refrigerator. Boiling that macaroni was tough. My apartment went up to about 90 degrees (what is that in Celcius - sp?). Yes . Just from boiling macaroni. I guess the chicken wings marinading in my homemade honey, mustard, vinegar, ketchup mixture are going to have wait until about October for my apartment to cool off enough for me to bake them. Of course, I could turn on the AC, but I just don't want to give in until it's time to go to bed.

 QUANT-UNEMPLOYMENT For those of you stuck in your offices you missed a brilliant mini Quantum Leap marathon on the sci-fi channel today.....

 RETRACTION ON MYSTERIES OF ATTRACTION In an effort to be more positive in my life I've removed that really pretentious and self loathing article about Broken Women, realizing of course that I am a broken women myself, and that the entry was kind of full of shit. If you gave the issue any thought, I appreciate you getting on board with my pity party if only for the moment. Though I still would like to know the deepest, darkest secrets of attraction, it'll probably take me the rest of my life to figure that out. It will be big news initially of course when I do figure it out and share it with everyone but eventually it will be trumped by the news of Americans having landed the first man on Mars or that even at the ripe, old age of 75, Jennifer Lopez still has a ripe old ass................ and we're back. Fuck positivity. My fears and loathings are what hold me together, they are what make (pause) me (pause) strong. (anyone see the 5th Star Trek movie? The one where Spock's brother, the renegade emotion feeling Vulcan has the ability to wipe out everyone's pain in order to get them to believe in his dream of finding Eden and eventually G-d? but Kirk won't let him because he's convinced that his pain makes him a good leader or some such crap like that.......and then Kirk is the first one to step forward when G-d invites them to chat on that planet because afterall he is James T. Kirk and he was also the director of that film........) Ya' like Star Trek?

 JOB DROUGHT I just got invited to interview for a great job in Orangeburg, NY. Where is Orangeburg, NY you might be asking? I'm not really sure but I need a car to get there. Do you I have a car, you might be asking? Well, no I don't. Tant pis pour moi!!!! According to Yahoo Maps, it takes about 45 minutes to drive there in a car from Astoria. So it would probably take twice that amount of time to get there via public transportation. It would be so much easier if the UNIVERSE WOULD JUST COOPERATE AND PLACE SOME JOBS ON THE N LINE. ARE YOU LISTENING UNIVERSE? THIS PSEUDO-WAR, RECESSION STYLE ECONOMY (which the ny times said a few sundays ago in their job market section is so bad there isn't even a name for it) IS ABOUT AS TIRED AS THIS F-ING PREHURRICANE WEATHER. WE WANT JOBS!!! WE WANT JOBS!!! WE WANT JOBS!!!!! Hopefully you are all chanting with me.

 JUST SHARING. about the heat.........one of the tomatoes i left out to ripen roasted. It didn't go bad or rot, it just got soft. i can't even pick it up and i know i should because by the morning there's going to be tomato soup all over my kitchen. But it's actually warm and soft just like when you roast a tomato. Be right back. five minutes later....... i just moved the tomato and it was a little bit moldy. It was soft and moldy and starting to take the form of the surface it was taking over. yuch.

 CARROT TOP I just finished watching that new Colin Quinn show, Politically Incorrect and Carrot Top was one of the guests. Watching him tonight, brought back a memory of a New Year's Eve 3 years ago, when I was partying at someone's house that I didn't know and the TV was on and Carrot Top was performing. He was wearing this skin tight t-shirt and talking into a mike and throwing props around the stage. I could not hear a word he was saying, but he looked really good and I realized at that moment, that he is hot and worthy of crushdom. So watching him tonight, I remembered that I have a crush on Carrot Top. Carrot Top. (aka Scott Thompson) Tight body. Wild red hair. Dreamy eyes and that quiet confidence a man has when he's got something special in his pants. In the dream, I am counting his freckles and he is counting mine. And then somewhere later in the dream, I've just gotten him a gig at the Westbury Music fair and I'm bringing him a glass of icy cold lemonade. He's in the tool shed creating a combination regular household item topical joke thing. He is so touched by my concern for his thirst that he thanks me and throws me down on the heart shaped bed that we have in the tool shed for just such occasions, he kisses me on the cheek and then says "Go make me dinner, I have to finish my comic prop thing." and then I fix his eyebrows.

 DRECK AND THE CITY Why did Darren Star decide that Charlotte, the super waspy, extra useless character on Sex and the City had to become Jewish? They already had a Jewish character and why all of a sudden is religion an issue on that show? I'm really beginning to hate those story lines but I can't stop watching. I have to know what happens. Will Samantha get laid? Will Miranda start her own law practice so she can spend more time with Brady? Will Carrie finally end up with her soul mate Big? Will Charlotte get hit by a car? One can only hope. Argh!!!

 PROJECTILE SINGING For those of you don't know, I have a part-time job where I hand out headsets at Broadway shows. These headsets are meant to improve hearing for people who might be having trouble. They are called listening assist devices. With that said, this week I worked Man of La Mancha at the Al Hirschfeld (formerly the Martin Beck) Theater. If you haven't seen it, you should try as hard as you can because it is closing on the 24th of August. The performances are amazing. Brian Stokes Mitchell sings like no one else. He makes me weep. That's all I have to say about that.

 THE CORE Standing tonight in the Time Square Station, waiting for the N or the W train to rescue me from my heated plight, it was easy to imagine a river of lava flowing under the station, heating the platform, cooking my flesh. It was easy to imagine the platform on giant chains being lowered deep into the bowels of the earth to its core. Yes. It was that hot. But even worse, there was this guy blowing into some weird electronic saxophone. The noise was grating to say the least but his song selection was worse. Amazing Grace, Ave Maria, the love theme from Zeffereli's Romeo and Juliet and the theme from the Godfather. When he started the Godfather theme I shouted across the platform for someone, anyone to pay him to stop playing. But that made things worse because people started moving away from me. The only option left was to pray with all my might for a train to come and sure enough a train did come. I got on, sat down and wrote this and immediately felt better.

 TOTAL RECALL What is going on in California? It doesn't even seem real. A few nights ago I watched the Tonight Show when Arnold S. alliterated (you know all those pretty F words he said) his way to announcing that he's running. He totally slammed the current governor. Does he honestly think he is qualified to do that man's job? He's got some giant set of cajones. And the other candidates also seem like a joke. Gary Coleman, Larry Flint, Ariana Huffington (actually she's not so bad). From what I understand, Californians are upset about the budget crisis in their state and blame their governor. I don't know if he's to blame or not. But I do know that holding new elections probably costs some bucks. Bucks that the people of California should probably be using to fill the enormous deficit that they blame their governor for. It's upsetting to me that this is happening because I believe there is a deeper and scarier subtext to this whole affair...... I'm not as informed as I should be. Who called for the recall? I'm guessing it was republicans because it is my other understanding that traditionally the state has had mostly Republican governors. So it must upset them that there is a democrat in office. Does that seem right to you? It's all sounding like a bad senior class election. The most popular girl didn't win so she threw a hissy fit and insisted that the votes be recounted or talked the sexually vulnerable and frustrated principal into holding another election. And you know the rest of the class didn't give a shit. They just didn't give a shit. Only about 15 jocks, and 10 cheerleaders really cared because they actually believed it would look good on their transcripts and would help them with those athletic scholarships, making them look well rounded and all, if they served on their student councils....... Well, just like the jocks and prom queens the republicans aren't looking very well rounded right now. It would be unfair to say that all republican politicians are christian fundamentalists but it seems like a lot of people who came on with Bush are Right Wing Christian Fundamentalists including Governor George W. himself. You guys know what I'm talking about. Right? So it's my theory that the republicans are scared that democrats are going to allow jewish, minority, homosexual, single parents take over the world starting with California and that's why they are trying to get rid of Governor Davis....... I can tell you that after the fiasco is over it won't be happening anywhere else..

 Today I saw a commercial for a device that helps people bake donuts so they can avoid frying them. When did this become an issue? Were people really developing health conditions from the non-healthful practice of frying their own donuts? In the commercial, they show a mom, deep frying dough in boiling hot oil, all while the voiceover explained how making your own donuts will improve the quality of your life. There's an option for regular round donuts. There's an option for filled donuts. There's an option for miniature donuts. What's worth mentioning is that also included in the kits are devices that help you decorate or fill your healthy donuts with sugary buttercreams and fillings. The little donuts are for children. What I also found interesting about the commercial is that the manufacturers of this donut- making saviour seem to think that only families will benefit from this. It also assumes that mom is the only one who bakes donuts. This is my first ranting. I would ask you to comment on this but I'm not sure exactly how this works. So I will leave you with the some questions that you can mull over until the next time we meet or email each other. One. Why are moms always the ones saving money at the grocery store, comparing and contrasting fabric softeners and finding new ways to keep humanity safe from the dangers of a bad diet? Aren't there other people in the world who clip coupons, do laundry and eat right? Wasn't I writing a paper on this in college like 13 years ago? Is this really still an issue? Two. Have you noticed the advertising push lately toward families? There seems to be a conservative agenda since Governor Bush took over that is suspiciously looking like a conspiracy. Reality shows are family centered. Who wants to marry my dad? The Bachelor, The Bachelorette. Even a show like Survivor gets really excited about two people possibly getting together. And I don't think it's the sex the producers think we'll find interesting. I think they think that we think that being stuck on a desert island in the middle of the pacific is condusive (spelling?) to romance thusappealing to the lonely masses who are miserable, out of work, alone, in the rain, in the dark, with nothing to eat, or new clothes to wear........or maybe that's just me. Either way, it's a conspiracy fostering heterosexuality and breeding. Three. If you had to invent something to improve society and make a quick buck, what would you make? Anyway...............

 As amazing as I think it is that you can get anywhere in the world from the depths of the NY Underground riding the Metro, I am still not entirely thrilled with they NYC subway system. Is it the system itself? No. I think the intricacies and the availability and the convenience of the system are for the most part thrilling and successful even if they don't run as often as I would like at times. It's the people who ride the subways that I find disappointing. People, who are probably very lovely in almost any other social situation become dragons and warriors fighting for and defending seats and space. They will knock anyone over that stands in their way of their quests. I am complaining because this morning, a 5 foot nothing blond, who walked around with an attitude that comes from having been treated blond and beautiful her whole life, practically knocked me over to get to the turnstile because she heard the ding ding of closing doors on the platform above. For all of her shoving and running, people were stuck behind her and annoyed with her because she couldn't get the turnstile to read her (let's-put-1/2-the-MTA employees out of work) metrocard. She didn't make it in time for the train she so callously knocked me out of the way for. This made me happy. On the platform, I watched her saunter down to the end, where I like to stand, and I found myself annoyed that this creature was laying claim to my territory. But knowing that noone understood any of this but me, I simply went down to my favorite spot and waited for the train with my hand over my eyes to block out the bright morning sun harshly reflected off the white walls of the above ground platform.

 Monday. Monday. Monday. Monday. Monday. Monday. Monday. Monday. It was so nice to have to get up and go to work this morning, in spite of the fact that it is Monday. I think I love Mondays. Who's with me?

 I would like to say thank you to the gentleman today who gave me a compliment from the passenger side of a snazzy looking SUV. I was walking home from the grocery store, my hair blowing in my face, no makeup, sloppy clothes and he caught me eye in the SUV because I thought he was trying to get my attention so he could ask for directions. So, I looked at him waiting for him to ask for directions. He didn't repeat himself. So I said, "I'm sorry. Did you need directions?" and he said, "No, I was just saying that you are beautiful." And here's the nicest thing. He wasn't a creepy guy nor was it a creepy situation. That put a little skip in my step for the remainder of my walk home.

 Aoccdrnig to rscheearch at an Elingsh uinervtisy, it deosn't mttaer in waht oredr the ltteers in a wrod are, olny taht the frist and lsat ltteres are at the rghit pcleas. The rset can be a toatl mses and you can sitll raed it wouthit a porbelm. Tihs is bcuseae we do not raed ervey lteter by ilstef, but the wrod as a wlohe.

 While we're on the subject of things that annoyed me today, what is up with that guy who does the voiceover for the new Jaguar commercials? He calls the car a "Jagyu-ar", instead of "Jagwar". Nothing sounds more annoying than someone who pronounces Jaguar, Jagyu-ar.

 A young woman put her hand on the pole in the subway because there weren't any seats and she needed balance. An older woman leaned against that pole and the young woman's hand because she also needed balance and she was obviously oblivious. They remained like that for seven stops in front of me. Neither one of them gave up their position. I watched the entire time. Maybe because I didn't have a cigarette the whole day; maybe because it feels like I have two water balloons behind my eyes where my sinuses once were; maybe because I let little things bother me; I wanted to scream at this older woman to stop leaning on this young woman's hand and I wanted to acknowledge the younger woman's plight by saying to her "Gosh, that woman's obnoxious! Why don't you say something to her?!?!?" Rage boiled up inside me for seven stops but I managed not to say anything. i figured if it didn't bother either of them, why should I say anything? Who am I to tell people how to behave? It's almost two hours later and I'm finally letting it go but that really, really annoyed me.

 Chers Tous: J'espere que tout va bien pour vous tous. Apres une courte session comme vendeuse au comptoir charcuterie/fromages du supermarche local, j'ai trouve une position de secretaire personelle au directeur d' une petite companie de Marketing. C'est un bon travail et je suis tres contente. Je vous aime tous and j'espere venir vous voir l'annee prochaine si possible. Dites a grandmere que j'ai bien recu sa carte d'anniversaire et que tout va mieux. merci

 Woke up this morning with a scratchy throat, which means, sadly a cold that I thought was gone has made a strong return. Learning this made me a little sad, so I went to one of my urlLink favorite kitschy websites ever. I know the website has been around awhile, but it always, always makes me feel better. The people who run it make an honorable effort to keep it updated and there's always something new whenever I go to visit. Before you go to the site, however, you should be warned that one of my hobbies is looking for stuff now that will be considered kitsch 40 years from now.

 I asked a friend to write something for me for this page. Val: Can I ask you to write something for my web log? I asked D to write a review of the Neil Young concert you guys saw. I want to post something about some of our remaining living rock legends to counteract the sadness of the blogger community about the losses of Warren Zevon and Johnny Cash. But I am no good at writing reviews and I wouldn't even know who to write a review about except 1980's Billy Joel. M: You've already given my subject to D. But that is good, because I don't want to write a review about the "last great American hero" (even though he is really Canadian, see Cameron Crowe in Rolling Stone about twenty years ago) and how he hasn't sold out like everyone else and how he is still making great music unlike everyone else from his generation and not recycling the same old shit for $75 per ticket; in other words stereotype myself as yet another old fart stuck in the past who believes "rock and roll can never die". Read virtually every review of Neil Young published in the last year for other examples. Rock and Roll is DEAD. We're in Atlantic City before the Neil Young concert and we're in the hotel room watching coverage of Tom Harkin's Steak Fry (real fun guys, huh?), and in between the speeches from the candidates, they're playing fucking Led Zeppelin. When the Levee Breaks, for Christ fucking sake. Rock and roll is over other than being a nostalgic soundtrack for people who believed that the establishment (and how quaint does that sound now?) could be changed. The sad part is all the people at that Democratic jerk-off who believe that somehow the playing of rock and roll music means that they have somehow "won" and found a party to embrace real change. The blogger community should be sad. Warren Zevon and Johnny Cash are dead. And so is John Lennon. And he said it a long, long time ago - The dream is over .

 On my way to work this morning, I read and I read a lot. I read in the train, I read while I was walking through Madison Square Park. I passed by several people who were walking and reading. This reminded me of the closing scene of urlLink Farenheit 451 . The last scene are people walking and reciting books in Utopia against the sunset, I think. One of my favorite movies.

 My fortune cookie produced a happy fortune this evening. Your self-confidence shines and makes a great impression on others. This is good news indeed, considering I just started a new job.

 Riding home to Astoria on the N train, at Lexington Avenue, the subway conductor announced, "New York City is the shopping capitol of the world. Lexington Avenue, last stop in Manhattan. Queensboro Plaza, next stop."

 My wardrobe choice for today is inspired by Maria Shriver's appearance yesterday on Oprah minus the diamonds and the 5oo dollar boots. I'm wearing a black blouse, black skirt and black open toe mules. The eyeshadow choice today was more conservative than the blue previously worn at the deli counter. Today I went with shades of lilac. I'm very excited.

 Here is a list of people that I think will be most effected by the cancellation of the big Ben and Jen wedding: 1) the florist 2) the caterer 3) the wedding dress designer 4) the manager of that banquet hall 5) the band they hired 6) the ring bearer 7) the flower girl 8) the jeweler lending her her jewelry 9) her family 10) his family The people least effected by Ben and Jen's postponement. Everybody else.

 Today marks the end of an important chapter in my life and that chapter is about my work as a deli counter girl. This afternoon I called my 26 year old manager and informed him that I will no longer be coming to work at the supermarket because I found a full time job. His reply was "Yeah. I figured as much. Thanks anway." then he congratulated me and wished me the best. Be happy for me because I start a full time job tomorrow in a nice office with nice people and I couldn't be happier for myself.

 For those of you who did not have an opportunity to see the first joint interview with Arnold Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver on the Oprah Winfrey show I thought I would do my best to recap what I've just seen. 1) The show opened with Oprah dispelling any rumours generated over the summer that she's had plastic surgery or that she's broken up with Steadman and she and Steadman have been together for 17 years. 2) She then introduced Maria Shriver as one of her oldest friends of 27 years and told the audience that Gail and she are her oldest friends. Maria Shriver came out and she looked fantastic, in black from head to toe, she was wearing a simple black top, banded with a diamond belt, a black leather ankle length skirt with a flared bottom and very elegant black leather boots with short, stiletto heels. She was wearing beautiful diamond earrings and a stunning diamond cross. I figured out that she's 47 years old and she looks absolutely fantastic. There is a portrait of her in some Kennedy relative's attic because she didn't look a day over 25. Maria talked about how she wasn't supportive of Arnold's run for governor at first because she understood the work that went into campaigning but eventually was persuaded by his enthusiasm, decided to stand by him and will vote Republican for the first time in her life. 3) Arnold came out to a standing ovation. He also looked fantastic and Maria was looking at him with such love. That is a couple in love. He talked about his previous work with the community, twice mentioning the Special Olympics and sounded like he really wants to be governor, but I don't think anybody doubts or doubted his sincerity. He said after having done body building he was ready to start a film career and now that he's been doing films for 25 years, he's ready to try politics. He told us that instead of riding his Life Cycle in the morning and watching TV, he's been Life Cycling and reading briefs.....but he's in shape for the challenge and the work involved in becoming and then being governor. 4) When asked about the WE interview where he spoke about partying, he deftly avoided answering OPRAH's questions by saying that in the '70s him and his friends were serious about promoting bodybuilding, so serious in fact that they would try to say one more outrageous thing after another to bring attention to the sport. When he said that's why he said "A pump is like cumming...." before he could finish his sentence Ms. Shriver threw her hand up over his mouth and then looked down at the floor. He never answered the question as to whether or not he smoked pot. Now, I don't care if he did or not, but if he did, it would have been nice of him to say it, particularly with the medical marijuana issue being so prevalent. When asked why he isn't debating he said that he didn't participate in little body competitions, just the big ones like Mr. Olympia and that the debate on September 24th is like the Super Bowl of debates. He also said that he is excited because he'll get to help 36 million people once he becomes governor and for him, it's all about helping people. I have to say, that he sounded intelligent, compassionate, and like a good husband, father and general family man. The two of them together had a special dynamic. I believed that they are in love. And I think he sincerely believes that he will be a good governor. But I still feel that it's a shame that the recall is still going on. I think it's not a good idea, that it is potentially setting a bad precedent for other state and local elections. Governor Davis was the man that California elected and he should be able to finish his term.

 36 years ago, at approximately 4:15 on a rainy Wednesday afternoon, in a hospital in Franklin Square, something wonderful was born to the world and that something was me. HAPPY BIRTHYDAY TO ME!!! I'd like to thank the rain for answering my birthday wish and coming by to wish me a good day. I'd also like to thank my parents for without them I wouldn't be here. In my thanks, I'd like to include the United States Air Force, for without them, my parents would never have met and I'd like to thank the fates for creating the circumstances that made the above possible.

 Head Cheese is a cold cut comprised of bits and pieces of tongue and jowel meat suspended in a gel. Liverwurst is liverwurst. Today I served up 8 orders of liverwurst, 1/2 pound to 1 pound each and four orders of head cheese. Both are gross and both mess up the slicers and both are really gross. I also served up 9 pounds of cold cuts to one couple, 2 pounds of bologna, 1 pound of turkey (the cheap, gross kind) 1 pound of liverwurst, 1 pound of swiss cheese, 1 pound of american cheese (yellow) 1 pound of pepperoni and 1 pound of salami. I was very busy today. Everyone I dealt with was hard to understand and very demanding. Life is grand.

 While I have read several touching tributes to Johnny Cash, all deserved, I haven't seen too much about John Ritter. Now, I know many people think that Three's Company was a "really, really stupid" show, but at the time it was pretty cutting edge. He was very good at physical comedy. Nobody could fall down like him. Well, maybe except Dick Van Dyke who may have been a little better at the fumbling, but I'm sure he inspired the future antics and hysterical entrances of Michael Richards as Kramer on Seinfeld. I had an opportunity to see John Ritter on Broadway in urlLink The Dinner Party where he co-starred alongside his good friend Henry Winkler. They were both very good. He also has an enormous urlLink filmography (courtesy of the IMDB), which includes the movies Sling Blade and Noises Off . He was always working and for an actor, whose job it is to act, that's pretty good. I have a lot of respect for the man and he died working which I guess for an actor is not a bad way to go. So, when you are all remembering Johnny Cash, remember that it could be argued that John Ritter was to sitcom television what Johnny Cash was to music. And I'm not trying to be snarky. I'm serious.

 Where was I September 11, 2001? I was setting up a kindergarten classroom for a kindergarten class that would never show up. I was listening to NPR as I was hanging ABC borders and Solar System borders and covering my bulletin boards with paper colored to promote calmness and serenity among the anxious first time schoolers. On the radio, they announced that a plane flew into one of the towers. I figured it was a Cessna and I had a picture of a tiny little plane sticking ass out from high up in the sky. But then the commentary got more serious and people started coming to my classroom to talk about what was going on. The principal then announced (mistakenly because he caused severe panic amongst the smarter 1st graders and above) that another plane flew into the second tower. We pulled a television into an empty classroom. Chaos ensued. You know the rest. People I knew who had friends, spouses, lovers and relatives at the towers were understandable upset. I knew my family was safe so that was a relief. We watched on TV as the towers fell. Then the parents started to pick up their children. The whole rest of the day was dedicated to helping keep hordes of parents calm as they were waiting on lines that wrapped around the block, to pick up their angels. One man, walked from downtown to see his wife who taught with us, and he was covered with soot. Another man that I knew because I'd had his daughter G in class the year before, made eye contact with me and he looked so concerned. I gave him a reassuring look because of course I checked on all my previous kindergarteners and I let him know with a glance that G was okay, and we shared a tear. Nice family... Side note.....when I went to check on G in her first grade classroom, she was freaking out. Of course, the grownups were so self absorbed they didn't realize how much the children were comprehending, so when I saw her, she looked up at me and hugged my knees so I squatted to be at eye level (you should always be at eyelevel when talking to small children, you should also photograph them that way too) and she asked me in the sweetest little voice, "Are the planes still coming? Are they going to crash into our school?" So, I told her no, and that our school was safe and that her daddy would be here soon to pick her up and naturally I saw him just an hour or so later. Her mom worked in one of the buildings as a cleaning woman but she was okay, I later found out. My message for the anniversary of September 11th would be this. Cherish those in your life that are near to your hearts, remember those who aren't with us and with regard to children, they are smarter than most of us think. Actually all children are very smart and they should never me underestimated. Always be honest with them but also remember to be reassuring. Their little minds can understand the truth but they don't yet have that emotional crusty layer to help them deal with the more difficult truths.

 Dear Woman Sitting Next to Me on the Bench while I was Waiting for the R Train at 36th Avenue in Astoria: You stink like Vodka and you are way too thin. You really need to eat something because Vodka doesn't have too much nutritional value. Also, please refrain from striking up conversations with me about your very narrow Size 11 feet the next time we are stuck together on a subway platform. I really don't care. And I thought that other woman's shoes were fine. Admittedly, I too would have had trouble walking in them but they worked on her.

 Dear MTA: How come whenever I am waiting for a train, I have to wait for 10 minutes or more? How come I have to wait during rush hour? And how come when I am waiting, a train going in the opposite direction seems to come every 3 minutes? For $2 a ride, I shouldn't have to wait.......EVER!!!!!!

 Dear Friend: When I send an email, it's like I'm leaving you a message on your answering machine. You would return my call if I left you a message, right? so if I send you an email, I expect a response or at least an explanation as to why you are not responding.

 Dear Creepy Guy in the Train: Please stop trying to rub up against me. I know the train is crowded but it is not THAT crowded. What gave you away was when I moved, you followed me. A little advice, the next time a woman moves away from you, DON'T FOLLOW HER. It's creepy and a little unnerving.

 Dear cell phone user: I appreciate that you needed to speak with someone before going down into the train station but did you have to stop on the steps? Did we ALL need to walk around you? Are you REALLY that important? Please don't do that again because the next time I see you blocking foot traffic in the subway entrance I am going to push you down the stairs. and I won't care how beautiful, exotic or important you are.

 Well. I'm sure you are all interested to know that the blue eyeshadow and the fancy shirt did indeed work. A cute manboy came back to my counter 3 times to order random meats and some pasta and vegetable salad and he seemed to have a desire to tell me all about his camping plans this weekend. When he said he was going to be drinking I asked him to have one for me and he said "maybe I'll have two." Giggles ensued and my mood was elevated for the remaining 10 minutes of my shift. Some people need endorphins from exercise and some people need antidepressants, but sometimes nothing works better to raise your spirits than a well placed compliment. Sigh.

 Meditation and relaxation have been interrupted this morning by someone blowing dry their hair for hours, someone unnecessarily running an air conditioner, construction around the block including jackhammering and one of those large machines that look like one of the thumpers from DUNE but smash the street instead of calling giant worms, and workmen talking in the alley underneath my window. How is a girl supposed to get centered before facing a day of cranky old people who want their deli meats so thin you can see through them? And yes........I've chosen the blue eyeshadow again today and a fancy shirt, since I only get an apron and not one of those cool, red shirts with the blue and white store logo. Apparently, they are not ordering shirts anymore. So, I will try to look pretty in the face of adversity. I will wear pants.

 Here is a poem I heard once from a friend when I was teenager. I'm not sure if she wrote it or if she found it somewhere, but I like it and it stuck with me. Sticks and stones are hard on bones armed with angry art. Words can sting like anything. But silence breaks the heart.

 I just read this urlLink story about an experiment done on hamsters that explains the long lasting effects on the brain from repeated bullying. What's weird, if you read through article, is that through interviewing people they were able to learn about the long lasting psychological effects anyway. But the pictures of the hamsters are kind of cute.

 Dear Rain. When you come, you make the sunshine go away. I like that about you because I don't have to squint. I remember on my 21st birthday in 19## I was at college and not having the best day but you were there. I had the radio on and this really pretty guitar piece by Vivaldi came on. I was so touched that you were able to coordinate your falling with that beautiful piece of music that I was forced to wipe a tear. My college roommates did make an attempt by serving me fuzzy navals later that day but their feeble effort to bring me joy paled in comparison. I can only hope that on my birthday coming up that you decide to make another appearance. I own that piece of music now and it would be very simple to throw it in my CD player. I don't anticipate my birthday being any better than that one when I was 21. I don't mean to be greedy, to squander you and I know you've been very generous lately, staying so long on this current visit and all but if you could just find it in your heart to hang out with me again a week from Saturday, I will be your best friend ever. This big city doesn't seem so harsh when it looks like a black and white photo. Love, Valerie

 Today, Dr. Phil talked to couples who got married too young and don't know how to fix the problems that resulted from getting married too young. One couple submitted video footage of themselves where they re-enacted a fight they had before their wedding night, her pushing him away from her in bed, fighting in the kitchen, standing in separate corners, and whoever shot the footage cut frequently to their little baby for whom they want to remain married. He also seemed to be pushing a book he's written called urlLink Relationship Rescue . Now I don't have a problem with the advice he is giving people. Actually, he's pretty good about seeing through people's BS and then teaching them how to address it. I have a little bit of a problem with the staged reenactments. It is fromage at it's best. And for any of you interested, I found a website where you can randomly generate quotes that sound like some of the expressions that Dr. Phil uses when he is giving advice. It's called the " urlLink Dr. Phil Random Quote Generator ". Here is an example of something generated for me. " You don't need a gambling habit to fondle a donkey."

 Dear Valerie Thank you for your application for the position of Marketing Assistant with Blah Blah(Blah) Ltd. Our Recruiting Manager has reviewed your application against the requirements of the position. We wish to inform you that we have identified candidates whose experience more closely matches our specific requirements, and hence we will not be taking your application further at this point in time. May I take this opportunity to thank you for your interest in Blah Blah (Blah) Ltd., and to wish you all the best in your future career. Yours Sincerely Blah Blah Human Resources Department Blah Blah (Blah) Ltd

 So, I got a call yesterday, yes, Labor Day, from a job interviewed at about 5 months ago. They asked for references. If it works out, I'll be writing descriptive copy about jewelry and collectibles on somebody's website. Keep your fingers crossed and everybody put out a good vibe for me. Thanks y'all.

 In the interest of keeping all of my loved ones updated about my new job. Here is what I did today. I baked bread. Did you know that there are 7 different types of Italian breads? Well, if there weren't before, there are now. I also baked Viennese roles, crusty french roles, kaiser roles with both sesame and poppy seeds, onion roles, sweet diamond roles, french bread with sesame seeds (my relative overseas would laugh), sour dough bread, challah, challah roles or brioche, and several others I just can't remember. I also helped unload a bread order. That's where are all bread comes from but frozen and ready to bake. I helped unload something called a skip, which is basically a transport device with a whole lot of boxes on it. It's real hump work. I walked over to the store at 7. The manager arrived at 7:15 and I baked and packaged this bread from 7:30 to 12:30. Now I am home and I am trying to write on my other blog but since that blog is sexy stories I have nothing because I don't feel very sexy after baking bread all morning. A nap might be in order.

 The weather today is my ideal weather. Cool and rainy. I'm sorry that it's Labor Day but not for me. I'm sorry for the swarms of people who were going to go the beach today. But there are other times you can go to the beach. It's there all year long. It's very nice to go in the winter time. That's when you can find the best shells. And a foggy day in the spring would also be a good day to go. Actually, a rainy day like this one is wonderful at the beach. It's nice to stand near the water looking out on the choppy ocean and watching the clouds whip around. The sky is gray and large. But the coolest part is watching the seaguls sleeping in large groups all facing the same direction. Usually facing away from the wind.

 Oh yeah. Today is Halloween. For an interesting take on this blessed holiday please read the Addled Thoughts of writer urlLink Caren Lissner .

 If you've come here looking for details from Tuesday Night's game at the Baggott Inn, I recommend that you visit The Evil Twin Theory , link to your left, to read about the big night from one of the people that hosted. If you've come here looking for details about Wednesday Night's game at Dempsey's Pub, I recommend that you visit The Dawn Patrol , link to your left, to read about the big night from one of the people that hosted.

 In the subway: "Good morning." Good morning. In the lobby: "Good morning." Good morning. In the elevator: "Good morning. Hey, it's Friday!!" Yeah. All day long. (together) Laugh. Laugh. Laugh. Exiting the elevator: "Have a good one." You too.

 Good morning, boys and girls. "Good morning. Ms. Goodman" (singing with students) Today is Friday, Friday, Friday. It will be fun day, fun day All day long. How are you today, boys and girls? "Fine thank you. How are you?" (singing with students) Hello. Hello. Hello and how are you? I'm fine. I'm fine. I hope that you are too. Ola. Ola. Ola y como esta. Jo bien. Jo bien. Espero tout am bien.

 It's 7:45 am and it's pouring outside. Normally, this would make me happy but for some reason today, I'm dreading going out into the wet world to get to work. I love my job so it's not because of that. I am going to Wednesday night's trivia mosh, Thinking and Drinking, 7:30pm at urlLink Dempsey's pub , featuring Janet Rosen and urlLink Dawn Eden as cohosts, so it's not that. I have date with my new my beau scheduled for after that. It's certainly not that (emphasis on the words certainly and not). So.....it must be the rain. Go figure.

 I don't have any feelings of remorse with regard to the Yankee's loss to Marlins this weekends. Actually, I'm happy another team was able to shine for a change. I'm happy that there will be no more hooplah about baseball for a while. I'm unhappy that I have to overhear conversations about what George Steinbrenner is going to do now that the season is over. Apparently people are speculating as to who Steinbrenner is going to fire now that his illustrious Yankees have lost. I'm looking foward to the day (coming soon) when basketball will the main topic of discussion. And you thought the baseball season was long. Just wait....

 It's not a roaring fire; it's not chilled champaign; it's not a romantic restaurant or a four string quartet It's not physical contact or the physical manifestation of attraction; it's the moments that lead up to it. It's the fantasy of the image of his face 2 inches from mine; it's that pool of feeling found in the back of deeply reflective eyes; it's that 1/2 inch of energy between us just before our bodies touch; it's the anticipation moments before either of us makes a move. It's the initial meeting; it's the burn of attraction from a distance; it's getting drunk that first time and saying the wrong things; it's the process.

 Saturday. What can I say? I've joined the ranks of people who can call themselves aunt or uncle. My sister-in-law is pregnant with my nephew and he will be born in January. What was once a foreign experience I've heard others enjoy is now going to be part of my daily life. Saturday. I went with my mother, my brother and his wife to register for baby gifts. First we went to BuyBuy Baby in Westbury, I think. It's near the Levitts, that' near Nassau Colliseum. We registered for everything from diaper pails to onesies. Then we all took a break for lunch at the Cheesecake Factory in the Fortunoff's relatively new shopping mall. After we went to Babies 'R' Us. I have to say that in spite of the work like hours (10 - 5) we all invested in this effort, it was time well spent. There were babies all over the place which I always find enjoyable and the experience was both fun and educational. It was the most fun day. But I earned my sleep last night. I was pretty exhausted by the time I got home. So much so, I stayed in last night (yes on Saturday night) and went to bed at 10 pm. I have a vague recollection of someone calling me after I fell out and telling me turn back my clock which I must have done because my clock is properly set to reflect my favorite time of year. That would be the day that we get an extra hour of life. Anyway, today I'm going to play the tourist which is a good game to play when one lives in New York City. Central Park, Metropolitan Museum of Art and who knows what else the day will bring. I've been looking forward to this weekend all week. Half of it turned out fantastic and I anticpate the other half will be just as great. Isn't it great to be alive?

 Every morning I walk by a dog run in Madison Square Park. Every morning I pass it between 8:30 and 8:45 am. Every morning there is a nasty dog barking at all the other dogs upsetting every dog owner in the run. Every morning the nasty dog's owner is sitting there as if she doesn't know her dog has an enormous problem. At other times when I pass, the dogs are enjoying the usual ass sniffing and establishing of dominance. I'm always upset by this woman's lack of consideration for the other dogs and dog owners. Her dog has some serious issues. It is another example of a situation where I want to walk up to someone I feel is behaving badly and tell them all about it. It is another example of a situation where if I actually did that I'd probaby get beat up and have to involve the police.

 Caren Lissner welcomed all to urlLink Tuesday Night Trivia and introduced herself to the crowd, introduced me as co-host, allowed me to plug an upcoming project and then explained the rules of play. I read the general knowledge questions which were television based. Heckling ensued. Caren read the current events questions which were current events based. Caren presented the top ten list which was to provide the top 10 countries from where tourists came to visit the United States in the year 2000. People were shocked to learn that Canada and Mexico were the top 2. Papers were traded and graded during which time Caren and I presented the correct answers. More heckling ensued. Caren then read the funniest answers after which I read the standings as of the end of Round 1. More heckling ensued which caused me to laugh so hard I had to walk away from the microphone. Sexxxy, sexxxy, sexxxy chicken led after round 1. I then presented the audio and visual rounds. There was more trading and grading and then Caren announced the winners. I'm ashamed to admit I can't remember the name of the winning team. I do remember the name of the team that won for funniest team name. "IRAQ" Up The Points took the prize for aforementioned category. There was some disagreement about this in the studio audience but Caren and I felt it was the punniest name and caused the greatest reaction. Please be sure to come to Trivia next week. urlLink Tony Hightower will be co-hosting.

 I'd like to be a professional driver on a closed course. -------------------------------------------------------------------------- Left on his own, the doorknob decided his best of course of action was to sit and wait for the others to return. ================================================ I sat in the chair and stared at the corner but I was a child so it was an adventure. ================================================ Snobs are to fonies as air is to breathing. --------------------------------------------------------------------------- Staring at a computer screen is a proven contributing factor to chronic depression and stupidity. ================================================ I am often offended by other people's bad body odor and I wonder if I'm inventing the smells to keep people away or if they really do stink because other people don't seem to notice it. Maybe they are just nicer. ================================================ If nobody else understands you but you know you make sense, then who is wrong? You or everybody else. What do you do about it? Do you have to twist your mind to fit the mold or do you educate people about your unique point of view?

 I hate the person who said that absence makes the heart grow fonder because that person was right.

 No news is good news. What does that mean? One is taught the expression means that if one does not receive any news one is being spared from bad news. But I don't hear it that way. I hear it as there isn't any news that is good news. Talk amongst yourselves.

 Beef w/broccolli. Brown rice. Wonton soup (with MSG, headache oncoming) Fortune cookie with great fortune: "Your dearest wish will come true."

 I am posting this for two reasons: 1) I am supporting my friends Dave and Joanne and would like it if you could all come to their show. 2) I am appearing in the video portion of the piece. Mosaic Minds: The Score in 5 movements with Finale: a postcript to AIDS. Written and composed by JoAnne Maffia Directed by JoAnne Maffia and Dave Bower At the Flux Factory Thursday October 16 thru Sunday October 20. Performances at 8pm every night except on Sunday when the show is at 3pm. 38-38 43rd Street at Northern Blvd, Long Island City. For directions go to urlLink www.fluxfactory.org All Tickets: $10 General Admission. For Info/Reservations call: 917-647-6563

 Last night at urlLink Tuesday Night Trivia , my team, Siamese Kittens (named for the twins who were successfully separated this week) came in last. The evening was expertly hosted by urlLink Caren and Rich Appel. Here are the categories my team had trouble with. All of them, basically... Rich led the first round with general knowledge questions with answers that varied from the Powerpuff Girls to Ross Perot. Our team tanked on that round. Caren then led the second round with current events questions. We did alright on that. Then Caren gave us the assignment of listing the 2nd to 11th presidents of the United States in ascending order for the top 10 list. We did alright but not great. I could have sworn Benjamin Franklin was a President. Rich then took over for the audio and visual rounds. The audio round were the top Z-100 hits, this week in 1988. We did so/so on that. Then he provided us pictures of really bad cars from the '70's and the '80's. I think it was in that round that we were able to achieve the honor of winning last place. We did win some great prizes. Sandy took home a great Bass Ale T-shirt, I took home the Heineken fishing hat and the Heineken key chain is going to our other two team mates that I'm not sure want to be listed publicly. As discouraging as it is to lose, I still had such a good time that I'm going to try again tonight at Dempsey's pub on 2nd Avenue and 4th Street. Hopefully, you'll come down for that. It's hosted by my friend Janet and urlLink "THINKING AND DRINKING" is just as much fun as Tuesday Night Trivia. It starts at 7:30 so hopefully I'll see you there.

 Sometimes I feel like the my new attitute is turning me into Marcia Brady in that episode where she joins every activity in her new high school in order to fit in, in that I might be wearing myself too thin. But then I realize that that was just a TV show and that my committment to improving my daily landscape is being done for the right reasons. My grandfather, Ed Goodman, may he rest in peace, would have been proud of me and excited to see what I do next.

 Please take some time and read some of the links listed here, to the left. Now, I know that as faithful and somewhat obsessive readers of mine, you have been dutifully visiting the web logs of my friends everyday. With that said, there are four new entries today that struck me as particularly interesting: 1) The first one is located on the web log of two brothers, Eric and Mark Baard, who have an avid interest in science and reporting on significant scientific developments. urlLink There's new hope for short-order cooks lacking short-term memory. The "Cook's Collage" from Georgia Tech's Everyday Computing Lab will help people with impaired memory make their way through the complex task of cooking. The system takes snapshots during meal preparation and displays the six most recent actions on a flat-panel display mounted above the countertop. 2) The second web log is a daily look into the life a fifteen year old. He's so sweet, you won't believe it. Today's entry is about his new watch. If you look to the left, you can find his link easily enough. I just love this kid. 3) The third entry of note was posted by my new internet friend Santosh. He is a 21 year old college student living either in or near Michigan. His website is gorgeous and his observations insightful. His website is called XXXXXXXXX and every other day or so or when he has a chance he writes about movies and music. He is an excellent critic and his opinion is worth the read. Today's entry has a good review of the latest film escapades of Eddie Murphy. 4) Last but not least, I have recently added a link to The Dawn Patrol. Dawn is a writer and links are available to the site where she writes music reviews. I like her site because I like her. I think she's a good writer and I'm happy to have her as a new friend. Her website can also be found to the left.

 Friday night was spent alone, catching up on some well earned sleep. Saturday day was spent puttering around the house, running errands and getting ready for Saturday night. Saturday night was spent at Rafifi's on East 11th off of First Avenue, where I attended a rocking party, hosted by the great urlLink Dawn Eden . Joining her were Kittybeat and Michael Lynch. The theme of the evening was 60's rock and the name of the event was POP GEAR. I was thrilled to learn from Dawn that this is now going to be a regular monthly event at Rafifi's, the next one scheduled for Saturday, November 8th, in the year of our lord, 2003. Not only was there great music, but the corresponding visuals were incredible..........the three dee-jays put together an endless film loop of 60's bands in all of their 60's gear, which they projected against the wall behind the dance floor. For a full description of the festivities go to the urlLink DAWN PATROL by clicking on DAWN PATROL. Sunday?..well Sunday I lazed around as usual. I love lazy Sundays. I believe that everybody should have one day of every week where they do absolutely nothing of any importance. It's good for the mind, body, and soul. The best part about my Sunday lazying was that I was able to corrupt a close friend of mine into joining me in the day's non-activities. Part of doing nothing involved watching the last five innings of the Cubs/Marlins game. I wasn't very interested at first, but then something happened. I learned the phrase "SHUTOUT" and then I learned that the Marlins' pitcher, Beckett, was throwing a no score game. (These words do not come trippingly out of my mouth, so for my readers who are baseball fans, I know these words sound odd coming from me, and I don't need to hear about it later.) Then something else happened. It was in the fifth inning and someone hit a ball and it went into the air and then someone caught it and then someone ran around the bases and then it happened again a little bit later in the game. Uhhhh, yeah.......I never really know what all the excitement is about when it comes to baseball but I felt happy for that pitcher when he struck out Sammy Sosa. I don't know about baseball but I know about Sosa and know it must have felt great for the young Beckett to strike out that old record breaker or was he an almost record breaker? Someone will have to explain that one to me too, I guess.

 Below is an article for an e-newsletter I receive almost daily in spite of my requests to be taken off of their list. Half of my family is French, meaning I've spent significant time there, and I can safely say that this article is pure, 100% unadulterated bullshit because there are the same number of skinny French women as there are skinny American women. It was also my observation that thinner French women don't indulge in creamy sauces and desserts. Everyone knows the secret to being thin is youth and/or working out like a banshee or crystal meth!!! ========================================== Breakthrough News About Weight Loss: New Study Says Portion Size Is Key A new study in Psychological Science recently revealed the key to why the French population stays so slim, despite all those rich cream sauces and buttery croissants. Their secret. Smaller portions. People tend to consume what is put in front of them and generally consume more when offered more food. Prof. Paul Rozin, University of Pennsylvania, Co-author of, The ecology of eating: Smaller portion sizes in France than in the United States help explain the French paradox. While the French may eat more fat than Americans, they consume fewer calories " because they eat smaller portions " so they stay slimmer (see side bar for study results). At N***********, we know how important portion size is. In fact, we built our entire program around it. With N**********, there's no guesswork - just perfect portions every time.

 Tonight's preparations for my date later this evening were sadly less bucolic than last week's. You may recall last week involved day dreaming about Jimmy Osmond while setting my hair in hot curlers. This week I decided to get a head to toe waxing. My waxer was named Monica and she was a real artist. We started with my bikini wax. Monica's being an artist has it's pros and cons... On the proside she did a beautiful job, leaving with me with clean lines. On the con side it was painful like I've never experienced pain before, but it was exquisite pain and if you've had a bikini wax, you know what I mean. She did not leave one stray hair. Thank goodness I decided against the Brazilian wax though, because I think Athena of Athena's nail salon would have to call an ambulance. Monica then moved on to my legs. She sampled a small spot on my leg when I first got in because my hair is so light on my legs she couldn't see it. The test waxing was like eating a lollipop. Very pleasant. But then she did the whole bottom half of my leg and again it was exquisitely painful. If Monica had done my whole leg, Athena would have had to call an ambulance. Then I did something I've never done before because I didn't think I needed to but in the spirit of trying new things I decided to have my eyebrows waxed. She worked on them for fifteen minutes. Oui. Quinze minutes. Now if you have seen me you would say that my eyebrows are barely visible. Apparently they were very hairy. But now, I have eyebrows that you can see. It's like magic. She did a beautiful job. You can actually see my eyebrows. Clean lines, nice lines, nice shape. But if I had had any other part of my face done, I'm sure Athena would have had to call an ambulance. Thanks for listening. I'm off to a nice, relaxing scented bath to relieve my skin of that wonderful burning one experiences after the torture of a waxing.

 Some of you may have noticed the more chipper tone of my little web journal lately. There are several reasons for that. First, after over a year of working crappy part-time jobs, I finally found a job that will actually look impressive on my resume. Yes. It is marketing. And no. It is not the humane direction I wanted my career to take vis a vis teaching, but teaching was a jungle of illogical inconsistencies and hypocries on which I could not firmly plant my feet. I won't go into detail here but I am avaiable for comment in person. Secondly, after 10 years of pining for my ex-boyfriend who most would agree was not worth the 10 years of pining, I have shed him like a snake sheds his skin and grown up into believing that I deserve to be more than part of some guy's harem. You know the type. They string along several woman who they know would do anything for them so in later years they will have thier choice of whom will spend the rest of her life with them. Thirdly, I have discarded the friends who over the years have brought me down, used me and treated me like garbage. I can not emphasize strongly enough that as much beauty as you might see in people that suffer for a living and need to make you suffer with them, there is no happy ending to friendships with vampires. Fourthly, I have been making lots of new friends, carefully choosing smart, bright, sensitive and caring people who are positive and life affirming and interested in life. Fifthly, well, that's a secret. Eventually, I'll tell you all about it. But for right now, the fifth item on my checklist for happiness is mine for now and mine alone and not even the most charming, terrorist couldn't beat it out of me. I have lost my urge to focus on the negative. Unfortunately, that is when I feel I am at my funniest and do my best ranting.....so, my gen x rantings are going to appear more as gen x observations until maybe the next entry when I complain about that idiotic woman in the subway who still sat so close to me in spite of the fact that there was a completely empty row next to her for 8 stops. She even stayed after I "accidentally" elbowed her a few times. Why did she bother me so much you might ask? Well, she was listening to music through a bad headset and I find second hand music bad for my health and general well being and she didn't move. I was annoyed that she couldn't read my mind and see my need for space. She couldn't see that I am a recovering misanthrope. That's all for now. Over and out.

 I actually think I saw pigs flying on my way to work this morning. October 8, 2003 4:42pm A monkey just flew out of my ass

 If you live in New York City, you know that this morning is a beautiful morning. Crystal blue skies, sans clouds, crisp cool air that doesn't yet require a jacket. I would go on about the singing birds but I don't actually like them. They start chirping just before sunset, waking me up. I mean I like nice weather but it's not like I have to till the fields or feed the chickens. I mean, I can wait until the sun rises to enjoy what the day has to offer. But I guess all male birds feel the need to announce the oncoming day, one way or another be it singing or cock-a-doodling.

 lush moments given to thinking of your sweet face lazy sunday lives

 While setting my hair with hot curlers for my date tonight, I sat back and watched some of the new PYRAMID show hosted by Donny Osmond, which is practically unwatchable but Donny Osmond.........that brings me back to the time when I looked forward to that one night a week that I was allowed to stay up a little bit later and watch the Donny and Marie show. I loved when they did the country music vs. rock music dual. I even had the closing step they did with their goodbye song they did at the end of the show memorized and would perform it with them at the end of every show. I remember Donny loved the color purple and did a skit once about a character name CAPTAIN ELPRUP. I used to love that show. Does anyone remember it? Of course you do. Who wouldn't? It was cheeserific!!! But did I ever tell you about the dream I had as a yung un about running away with the OSMONDS? Of course, who didn't dream of that? With the help of TIGER BEAT magazine I had developed an early crush on Jimmy Osmond, the youngest of the OSMOND brood. I used to dream about sneaking into one of their wardrobe trunks and having Jimmy find me under the pink and purple costumes. He would invite me to dine with his family and then he would sing to me and then I was incorporated into the act. It wasn't a dream as much as it was a fantasy. Yeah....I loved the OSMONDS. They were better than the BRADYS and the CLEAVERS combined. The teen zeens were also critical in helping form crushes on other young hotties of the 70's but we'll discuss that another time.

 Grand Army Plaza Rockefeller Centre (International Building) Rockefeller Centre (A building on 6th Avenue) Flatiron Building (Fifth Avenue and 19th) Wall Street (Bond Street actually) Flatiron Building (FifthAvenue and 19th next door) Grand Central Station (Madison and 47th) Laguardia Airport (PS 148 Queens) 59th Street Bridge (PS 111 Queens) Chrysler Building (41st and Lexington) New York Life building & Madison Square Park (26th and Madison)

 I hate when someone, somehow has gotten me to expose my soft underbelly, by getting me to reveal something private and personal and then leaves me hanging there, twisting in the wind, with my neck in the noose that I tied with my own hand, unsure about revealing anything at all.

 I can't say that I'm sorry to see Rush go but then again I don't really care. I always thought he was obnoxious and particularly hated his use of the word Feminazi . With that said, what did he say exactly that got him into trouble? Yes. At the risk of appearing vulnerable and purposely uninformed, I'm not exactly sure what Rush said that got him into trouble. So please feel free to condescend and explain it to me, the next time you see me and then explain to me why he didn't have to quit after using the aforementioned word Feminazi .

 In keeping with my commitment to YES, I accepted an invitation for drinks (yes. on a school night) at the bar inside the urlLink Hotel Madison on 38th and Madison. The bar is in the back. There is a fireplace, a piano player, lowlighting and delicious Merlot. I recommend this place for anyone looking for a romantic setting with a roaring fire.

 Every year my birthday falls around the Jewish New Year. I always think of it as a good time to make resolutions or make different choices or what have you. Those of you who know me well, know that I have not had a good year or couple of years for that matter. Well, this year feels different. I feel different. I've made an important decision. This is going to be the year of yes. I'm saying yes to life, to invitations, to supporting my friends with their projects, to trying new things, to dating new people or any people for that matter, for making art, for making new friends, for living my life, for saying yes. I'm living in the moment, for the moment and I'm open and ready for my destiny and life's little surprises, good or bad. And yes, as if you had to ask, I will be wearing pants plus the occasional skirt or dress, when I say yes.

 Sleepy. Too early. Wednesday. I'm feeling my age but I'm still wearing pants.

 One of the fun things about depression is you get to catch up on your television viewing. I just watched HBO's presentation of "Drumline" which I really liked. It's the first movie I've seen about marching band. Now having been a band geek large it's nice to see that the sports movie world has grown large enough to include marching bands. Watching the movie I learned (or rather it was reinforced) that brass and drums are the most important instruments which makes my flute playing seem a little pointless, fun but pointless. I say this because you can't really hear the woodwinds above the brass unless of course you play the saxaphone but that's for another time. It's about time Marching Bands got a movie. After all the baseball, basketball, football, cheerleading, skiing, skateboarding etcetera movies, Marching Band got its due. Being that I started playing the flute in 4th grade I marched in 9 Memorial Day parades, goodness knows at how many football and homecoming games and competed in at least 3 marching band competitions at Hofstra University. I missed the competition my senior year because when riding my bike to join the band for the bus at my high school my big enourmous Q-tip hat got caught in the front wheel causing me to fly over the handle bars and landing on my front teeth, smashing my face and bruising my hands as well as other parts of me. It hurt. It happened 5 minutes from the school. I landed in front of Dave Farrante's house and his brother called my mom. When she arrived I expected that I would just wipe myself off and continue to the competition. I ended up at the hospital with nothing worse than two broken front teeth and a bloody mouth. I was also in orchestra and in Senior Year I was the first flute. I played POMP and CIRCUMSTANCE at my graduation sitting in front in my cap and gown. Good times, good times. If you were or are also a member of the band feel free to contact me and tell me about your marching band or orchestra experiences. And when you do write, let me know if you want me to post your email or not. I keep hearing that music programs are being cut all over the country. Maybe some good stories from people who benefitted from SCHOOL MUSIC programs will help the cause.

 Another one of my readers offers up the following to this blog's ongoing discussion of the book 1984. ------------------------------------------------------------------------- urlLink Anonymous Blogger's definition of doublethink needs tweaking. It is not precisely believing something to be true that you know is false, but something equally paradoxical. It's the ability to hold two contradictory beliefs in one's head at the same time, and accept both of them. Essentially, this means one lets the Party think for you. If you can satisfy yourself that there is no objective reality, then there is no "truth" or "falseness" and anything can be true or false at the same time. Orwell based the world of doublethink on Stalin's Russia and their dupes in the West -- who, of course, were famous for telling the most outrageous lies and seeming to believe them. We now know, however, that few of them were really practicing doublethink in the true sense of the world. They were either outright liars, who knew the truth but refused to say it, or powerless followers who just mouthed the Party line out of sheer fear of death. I guess Anonyblog is anti-Bush because of his dismissal of U.S. foreign policy as doublethink, but this isn't the right description. If you think Bush is spouting untruths, then you should rightfully call it lying, not doublethink. Actually, one group of people in the world today who actually DO seem to practice doublethink are the United States' enemies. I'm thinking, of course, about Islamic terrorists and their supporters. On the one hand, they believe the massacre of Westerners is a delightful thing. On the other hand, they didn't do it! It was the Jews' fault! So you have people who seem to sincerely believe that Bin Laden was a hero for attacking New York, and also that 5,000 Jews (or 10,000, or 2,000, or whatever) were given advance warning by Mossad and stayed home on Sept. 11.

 I'm having one of those days where sadness prevails. My heart is heavy with I'm not sure what. I feel myself sinking, spiraling down deep into a well of tiredness. I'm not sure what is wrong. I thought working would help me get away from myself a little bit. It's helping, but just the littlest bit. At least I know I have nothing to fear at work on Monday because I'll be ahead of the game and that will help me rest easy on Sunday night. Perhaps I just have the blahs and I'm hoping more than anything, it has to do with the weather. It's getting cooler and overcast. It looks like snow is heading our way. I haven't heard the weather forecast so I'm not sure but I feel it in my body and in my bones. Our bodies are the best barometers. Yeah. That's good. For now, I'll blame it on the weather. It's easier to feel victim that way.

 urlLink The Anonymous Blogger (link to the right) offered this discussion in response to my post on reading 1984 (see below, in italics). In it, he elaborates further on the subject of dystopian literature. Thank you for your input. If you would like to participate in this discussion, you can email me at the above address and I will gladly post what you have to say with regard to the below subject. ================================================== Orwell's 1984 was the first known piece of literature about a Dystopian future (a theme found throughout much sci-fi nowadays). He was very much influenced by the rise of Communism (even more evident in his novel "Animal Farm", which is also a good read). It's very much about the dangers of GroupThink. The concept of "doublethink", in which you believe something to be true despite the fact you know it's wrong, is still relevant today (particular with the President's foreign policy). Fahrenheit 451 has many similarities to 1984 (other than the use of numbers in the title), but I think Bradbury was trying to present the idea in a different way. People in 1984 were afraid of the government and did what they were told. People in Fahrenheit 451 WANTED to not think and just watch their wall-sized TVs and not concern themselves with new concepts. Orwell's society is forced. Bradbury's is (mostly) voluntary. A version of the future closer to Bradbury's can be seen in Aldous Huxley's "Brave New World".

 Jon turned me on to a new link which I have posted to your right. It's lileks.com and from what I can tell, it's run by James Lileks who is just funny. Mr. Lileks version of the urlLink Story of Bread made me laugh so loud my neighbor came down to ask me if I was alright (this didn't actually happen). I also enjoyed the post below.

 urlLink just because it's funny . thank you lileks.com for yet another good laugh.

 'Tis the season to be shopping. Fa la la fooey. urlLink The holiday shopping season has begun. Don't you love Capitalism? (bah humbug) Thank goodness Christ was born otherwise we'd have no infrastructure.

 I did not go into the office. I did not clean out my filing cabinet at home. I did not take care of that paperwork piling up next to my desk. I did not scrub my house from top to bottom (actually I did that yesterday). ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ I did take a nice, relaxing bath at 2:30 in the afternoon. I did lie down on my couch and start reading my book. I did fall asleep around 3pm and stayed asleep until 5pm. I did listen to the rain for 10 minutes before I decided to get up.

 If any of you are walking around Times Square, which otherwise should not be walked around in, make sure you check out the big Air France billboards at Seventh Ave. and 50th St. One shows a beautiful, goddess-like babe peeling an orange, out of which flies a jetliner. But you have to look at it closely to realize the unpeeled skin on the orange forms a perfect world map. This ad alone goes many miles toward improving Franco-American diplomacy.

 I am reading 1984 for the first time. Somehow, I managed to skirt reading it in school. I know it's part of the curriculum but I was in all these English classes for advanced students that assumed I'd read a lot of books that we were supposed to have read. The book is excellent. As much as I love science fiction that explores a future of incredible technoligical advances and utopian society scenarios, I also love the books that present an anti-utopian future. These books also include technological advances but the authors of these books imagine that technology will be used against us instead of to help us. In 1984, Orwell imagines nothing good about the future and he anticipates that television will be used to spy on us instead of entertain us. Television is a tool the government uses to disseminate it's brainwashing propaganda discouraging individuality and freedom of thought and ideas. Another author that imagines a dismal future is Ray Bradbury. In the story of Farenheit 451, the government burns books because again individuality is considered a threat. In both, although I haven't yet finished 1984, the protagonist works for the government but starts questioning the vailidity of their work and mistrusting the government and ultimately this questioning of their world leads to trouble. Anyway, I'm enjoying 1984. It's smart and interesting and I'll probably finish it before the day is over. That is of course if I don't decide to go into work for a few hours, which part of me hopes happens and a stronger part of me is fighting.

 It has come to my attention that readers have been discussing mistakes I'm making on my site. Actually, it's just one reader who is also a friend. I would invite this reader/friend to write to me directly when he finds mistakes I've made so I can remove them and correct them and not look foolish. I prefer that over finding out about them over drunken bar conversation. You know who you are.

 I link to James Cassell's blog because I am interested in what this nice 15 year old boy has to say about his life and about the world. I find his niceness not necessarily refreshing because that would give you the idea that I am disenchanted about this current crop of teenagers. Generally, I think that his niceness is reflection of what is right with kids today. He is an accurate representation of young adults we don't often hear about. He is an accurate representation of what it means to be young in American. He links to a page by Marshall Brain who also has an interesting view of the world. So, I invite you to visit urlLink Marshall Brain's blog for a look into the interests of a creative and intelligent world of a 21st century teenager. I hope that one day James realizes that I've linked to his page and that he tries to get in touch with me.

 Today is Thanksgiving. My friends urlLink Caren and urlLink Dawn wrote lovely posts about what they are thankful. They have inspired me to do the same. I am thankful that I finally got a decent job and that I didn't have to move back home with my parents. At 36 years of age, one should not have to do that. So, thank you universe for setting into motion the events that led me to my current job. I am thankful for my new friends. You know who you are. I am thankful for bar trivia. I am having so much fun playing and co-hosting. I finally discovered something that I really, really enjoy doing with a group of other people. I never thought that would happen. I am thankful for my family. I am thankful for my unborn nephew (who will be with us shortly). And most of all, I am thankful for blogging. Without blogging, I wouldn't have been able to write these words of thanks that you are now reading in the comfort of your own home only seconds after I've written them down. That's pretty exciting.

 CBS is showing commercials for it's ice skating championship coming on sometime soon. They announced,"It's the Russians vs. the Canadians!!!" Hmmmm. I wonder if they are going to have French judges.

 Valerie asks: Notice how Littlefoot the dinosaur never gets older, even after 12 or so cartoon movies in "Land Before Time"? Jon answers: Well, that's because it takes place before time existed! Duh!

 On the evening before Thanksgiving, Wednesday 26th, 2003 at 7:30 p.m., people from all over New York City will be gathering at Dempsey's Pub to exercise their first amendment right to gather in a public place and participate in a peaceful demonstration of their smarts. Drinking and Thinking, a weekly gathering of New Yorkers, led by Janet Rosen, a book agent and comedian currently appearing at various venues in NYC, will feature the co-hosting talents of Valerie Goodman, a young marketing professional and amateur writer. Drinking and Thinking takes place every Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. at Dempsey's Pub, 61 Second Ave. (between E. 3rd and E. 4th Sts.) Based on the "conventional" model of bar trivia, it features five fast rounds of 10 questions each. It's been going strong at Dempsey's Pub since February, when it was launched by Jon Blackwell and Janet Rosen.

 20 Ways To Maintain A Healthy Level of Insanity 1. At Lunch Time, Sit In Your Parked Car With Sunglasses on and Point A Hair Dryer At Passing Cars. See If They Slow Down. 2. Page Yourself Over The Intercom. Don't Disguise Your Voice. 3. Every Time Someone Asks You To Do Something, Ask If They Want Fries with That. 4. Put Your Garbage Can On Your Desk And Label It "In." 5. Put Decaf In The Coffee Maker For 3 Weeks. Once Everyone Has Gotten Over Their Caffeine Addictions, Switch To Espresso. 6. In The Memo Field Of All Your Checks, Write "For Sexual Favors" 7. Finish All Your Sentences With "In Accordance With The Prophecy." 8. Don't Use Any Punctuation 9. As Often As Possible, Skip Rather Than Walk. 10... Ask People What Sex They Are. Laugh Hysterically After They Answer. 11. Specify That Your Drive-through Order Is "To Go." 12. Sing Along At The Opera. 13. Go To A Poetry Recital And Ask Why The Poems Don't Rhyme 14. Put Mosquito Netting Around Your Work Area And Play Tropical Sounds All Day. 15. Five Days In Advance, Tell Your Friends You Can't Attend Their Party Because You're Not In The Mood. 16. Have Your Co-workers Address You By Your Wrestling Name, Rock Hard. 17. When The Money Comes Out The ATM, Scream "I Won!, I Won!" 18. When Leaving The Zoo, Start Running Towards The Parking Lot, Yelling "Run For Your Lives, They're Loose!!" 19. Tell Your Children Over Dinner. "Due To The Economy, We Are Going To Have To Let One Of You Go."

 Good morning. Today is Monday, November 24, 2003. Today we will be invoicing, reconciling bills, filing, and entering hours from people's time sheets. I am ready for it. This weekend was extremely restful and nurturing. What a difference 2 days make, 48 little hours......... Remind me to tell you all later about how I'm co-hosting at Dempsey's Pub, Thinking and Drinking, (trivia night) this Wednesday night coming.

 Jon told me today that he has a vivid memory of the 20th anniversary of the Kennedy assassination (by the way, that word always makes me giggle because of the recurrence of ass). This came up in conversation because I was talking about a startling realization I had earlier today about getting older but I'll get back to that. After telling me about this memory from 1983, he pointed out that in 2003 we are as many years away from the 20th anniversary as the 20th anniversary was from the event. That made him feel old. Here is what made me feel old. I realized, walking through Madison Square Park, on my way to the subway after work, that the children I babysat as a teenager are all grown up and conceivably having children of their own. Also, the children I took care of at the Children's Center at SUNY Purchase (I worked with the two year olds) are probably getting ready to take their SAT's and preparing for college. Scary.

 Today is Friday!! I never thought this day would come. I feel like I've been working for a month this week. Now I'm looking forward to settling in for a wonderful Friday night. I will be joined later by that special someone on whom I'm counting for plentiful and meaningful hugs. Perhaps I will make my famous potato tomato soup for us to enjoy or perhaps I will order food in. I've been eating out and ordering out so much lately, however, it might be nice to actually spend a few moments in my kitchen preparing a nice meal. I have to start my work day now but I have a feeling I'll be visiting this site later to share my views on the current Michael Jackson situation. I'm so surprised at what is going on with him. I just didn't see that coming. Who would have thought that he would ever be suspected of and arrested for molesting children and cancer patients no less. Later dudes.....

 BATHROOM POLICY AT MY JOB as written by M (copyright 2003) OKAY. So your mommy told you not to sit on a public toilet. Some of you listened. Good girls! Some of you also listened to your mommy when she repeated that ageless rhyme: If you sprinkle while you tinkle, please be neat and wipe the seat. Good girls! Some of you are very very very bad girls because you didn't listen to your mommy about this. Which makes it a very disgusting mess for those of us who don't do as our mommies tell us and do sit on the seats. And most of us do wipe the seats (before and after) because we know what it is like to sit in your tinkle. IT IS NOT FUN! IT IS NOT PLEASANT! So please ladies. Listen to your mommies. Don't date bad men. Don't do drugs. Don't belittle yourselves. And for goodness sake, WIPE YOUR DAMNED PISS OFF THE SEATS!!!!!

 Today is my little brother's birthday. Join me in wishing him a beautiful day and a beautiful year to come, especially since he is going to become a daddy very shortly. I'm very proud of him and love him a whole a bunch. (sniff)

 Today is Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday. It will be a fun day, fun day......... Awww heck!! Who am I kidding? It's Wednesday. It's the middle of the work week and I'm tired. If you have been following my blog you know that I hosted trivia last night at the urlLink Baggott Inn . This was enjoyable. I was in charge of three categories; general knowledge, top ten list, and the audio round. I guess I can post the questions. That would be the best way for the reader to get a feel for what happened. So here it is. My general knowledge round...... 1. In what city is the Taj Majal located? Agra, India 2. In filmdom, there is a legendary couple named Nick and Nora Charles. They were the title characters of the Thin Man movies. What was the name of their dog? Asta 3. What is the 5th letter of the Greek alphabet? Epsilon 4. What is the French word for born often used to indicate a woman's maiden name? Nee 5. In what popular tourist wine growing region will you find the towns of Calistoga, St.Helena, Oakville, Rutherford and Yountville? Napa Valley 6. Volcanologists study, monitor and write about this volcano more than any other in the world. Name it. Mt. Etna 7. She's been acting on Broadway and in movies since 1938. She won two Tonys, one of them for the role of Martha in "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?", and has most been recently been seen guest-starring in "Oz." But she's best known as the co-founder, along with her husband Herbert Bergdorf, of HB Studios, an acting school in the West Village. Who is she? Uta Hagen 8. They are the only brothers to play three at a time in the same team's outfield -- the San Francisco Giants in the 1960s. Who are they? Alou (Felipe, Jesus and Matty. Felipe manages the Giants now) 9. 362 billion of them have been sold since 1912 making them the best selling cookies of all time. What cookie am I talking about? OREOs 10. What abbreviation is given to faster-than-sound passenger aircraft such as the late, not-so-lamented Concorde? SST I fashioned the questions around answers you often find in crossword puzzles. My top ten list was to name the 10 first ladies after Eleanor Roosevelt. My audio round - well, here are the answers to that...... 1. The Blue Danube - Strauss 2. The Messiah - Hallelujah Chorus - Handel 3. The Moonlight Sonata - Beethovan 4. The Valkyrie - Ride of the Valkyries - Wagner 5. Romeo and Juliet - Capulets and Montegues - Prokofiev 6. The 1812 Overture - Conclusion - Tchaikovsky 7. William Tell Overture - Rossini 8. The Flight of the Bumblebee - Rimsky Korsakov 9. Requiem - Mozart 10. The Four Seasons - Vivaldi urlLink Caren , the master of ceremonies, took on the current events and Visual rounds. Her visual round consisted of 10 city maps, which the players had to identify. A few people came up to me afterwards to compliment me on the classical music round. Usually the music is more contemporary (70's and 80's) so I thought it would be interesting to shake things up a bit and it worked out well. A couple of people tried to argue that Ride of the Valkyries was indeed "Flight", but I double and triple checked and I was indeed right. Indeed, the title of this movement from Wagner's Valkyrie is Ride of the Valkyries . So, if you were thinking about complaining, feel free, but you would be wrong. All in all, this was a highscoring game, which didn't surprise me. Last night's group was very bright. Next week's co-host is excellent. I don't know if he wants me to mention his name on line so for now I'll keep him listed as "next week's co-host". But I can guarantee you that you will feel challenged, smart and popular by the end of the evening. What more could one ask for in an evening's entertainment?

 I had a near trivia crisis when I discovered this morning that I hadn't forwarded the answers to my audio round to my email at work. But disaster was averted when I borrowed a cassette player from one of my coworkers and I was able to reconstruct the list.

 Here is another contribution to my web log from writer Jon Blackwell. ======================================== My long-ago colleague Carl Strock, a columnist for the Schenectady Gazette, used to write a column that would occasionally list people with Dickensian just-perfect names. Sadly I cannot remember any of them ... but in the last week I ran across two amazing and perfect specimens from history. Brief pause while I wow you with them... The architect of the present-day Catalan Parliament building in Spain was a Dutch engineer who orginally built it as an arsenal. His name was Prosper Verboom. A leading merchant of 19th century New York rose to great wealth from a humble career as a whaling captain. His name was Preserved Fish. I'm not making that one up. Incidentally, he is buried at Marble Hill Cemetery on East 2nd Street, around the corner from my former venue as a bar trivia host at Dempsey's Pub on 2nd Avenue. Former President James Monroe was also once buried there, but sadly was disinterred and his earthly remains moved to his home state of Virginia, and the reason I know this is because I was a bar trivia host. Sadly, I used to keep a mental record of people I'd met with bizarrely appropriate names, but can only remember one of them right now. He too was someone I talked to in my days as a reporter for the Schenectady Gazette. He was the chief lobbyist for the New York State Beverage Association, and his name was Jim Popp.

 Saturday night, Jon and I saw the movie Love Actually which I have retitled Love Actually Stinks. (ha) The movie disappointed me on so many levels. For weeks, I have been looking forward to seeing the romantic comedy which stars Alan Rickman, Emma Thompson, Laura Linney, Colin Firth, Hugh Grant, Liam Neesan and other English actors I'm not that familiar with. The movie was a series of vignettes about love. These vignettes were glimpses into the lives of several couples which all seemed to be linked by the Arrivals gate at Heathrow. There was so little character development I didn't really care what happened to anybody and there were so many stories I didn't really have time to care. What a collasal waste of talent. Can you imagine? You are directing a film and two of your stars are Alan Rickman and Emma Thompson. Wouldn't that be good enough for you? The two of them alone could have carried the whole movie...but noooooooooo. The greedy director had to show off all of the talent that was willing to work with him, cramming them all into this painfully slow wannabe romantic comedy,so much so, that nothing about the movie worked and nobody's talents came through. There were no discoveries of new talent because showcasing talent didn't even seem be to an issue for this director. (talent, talent, TALENT) The NY Times printed a review which perfectly captured the badness of this film however I can't link to it because my log-in perpetually has problems and I can't log into that page. I'll conclude by saying these three things. I'm angry at the director of this film for wasting my time with this heaping pile of monkey love; I was so bored I didn't even want to stay for the credits because I couldn't wait to get out of the theater; and finally, do not pay 10 dollars to see this movie.

 Today is Monday, Monday, Monday. It will be a fun day, fun day All day long.

 Clear your calendars for Tuesday, November 18th because on that evening at approximately 7:30 pm I will be co-hosting urlLink Tuesday Night Trivia with the fabulous urlLink Caren Lissner . This event is becoming the thing to do on Tuesday nights. The crowds have been great. There were so many people there this past Tuesday that guests of the event were sitting on the stage. You might meet your future life partner or you might just make lots of new friends. You might win prizes and you'll definitely be able to drink lots of Heineken for a special rate given especially to those who participate. Getting back to the prizes, the giveaways are great. T-shirts, hats, keychains and most importantly the teams that come in first, second and third win $25, $15 and $10 off of their bar tabs respectively. So come to the Baggott Inn on Tuesday Night and get in touch with your inner geek. The Baggott Inn is located at West 3rd Street in New York City between Thompson and Sullivan. I'll be waiting for you and I don't like to wait.

 Amazingly enough, I was able to attend Tuesday Night Trivia. Why is this amazing? Because on Tuesday night at 10:30 I ran sound and stage managed The Last Cigarette for my friend Irene. It is amazing because my boss and friend, M, drove into the city and was able to drive us down there and drive me to St. Marks for my 10 pm call time. It was amazing because after doing the show at 10:30 the night before and after working the equivalent of three days in one day at work I still had the energy (barely) to be social for 2 hours or so. With all that said, here is the wrap up. I don't really know what any of the rounds were because I was so tired I didn't participate. Yes. I was writing down the answers as they were being whispered to me but that was basically my contribution. That and correctly identifying the album covers for Animals and Spinal Tap during the visual round. I also remember that my team, The Olsen Twins, came in second place. Playing on my team were Tony, Nick, Chris, M, Erik and myself. We were in first place after round 1 but slid to second because the identify the album covers visual round was thoroughly challenging. I also remember that the top 10 list were first 10 elements on the Periodic Table. Tony was able to identify most of them my remembering a song parody from a Gilbert and Sullivan thing by I think Tom Lehrer? I could be wrong about the song writer but I definitely remember Tony singing the song. That was fun. I had to run out of there so fast afterwards I think I left leaves spinning in my wind trail. We played the show to about 6 people. Most people came the two previous nights. The author was in the audience Sunday and Monday night. He lives 5 minutes away from St. Marks theater and was notified when the director paid for the rights to use his play. He seemed to enjoy it very much. It was definitely a worthwhile experience but I'm zonked. I don't have that fun 2o something energy i used to physically or mentally. But if you haven't operated a sound board for a show yet I definitely recommend it. Great fun. Signing out now.

 Alright. I'm home now and analyzing my web log. (like I don't have anything better to do, like clean my house, take out my trash, sort my laundry for drop off, etc.) It is my computer at work that is giving me a hard time. If you are indeed having trouble seeing the links on my site let me know and I'll write blogger and see how they can best advise me.

 Mind you, I have done nothing to change the format of my website, yet somehow it has magically been transformed into something that looks awful. I don't understand why my links aren't showing up, or is that just me. To those of you to whose pages I'm linked, I apologize for something I didn't do. Hopefully, your sites will reappear soon. Of course, it could just be this computer that I'm looking at right now...........



 Because today is Veteran's Day, I thought it would be fitting to talk about a veteran. urlLink Jessica Lynch is a young woman who joined the armed forces to serve her country and earn some money for college. I think her aim is to become a teacher. Like many young soldiers with a similar intention she found herself stationed overseas, deep in the heart of another one of America's not so clear battles. A series of events led to her capture and she was later rescued from a hospital. On her return to the United States she found herself being celebrated as a hero and now she has become a representative for the young people of her generation serving our country. There is a big controversy of course that is growing up around her image. Not so coincidentally the controversy has arisen during televisions big autumn sweeps month. There was a recently a television drama based on her exciting story which Jessica Lynch has herself said is full of inaccuracies and tonight Diane Sawyer will be interviewing her for 90 minutes during prime time. I don't begrudge Jessica Lynch any of this attention. I think it is well deserved. The controversy has to do with pictures Hustler has decided NOT to run in their magazine. These are "alleged" pictures of her "cavorting" topless with two young men. Honestly, people.....do you care? My point of view of this. If Pamela Anderson Lee decided to lay down her life for our country and survived a POW situation I would be just as grateful. So, let's let this controversy die down and not pay it any mind. Thank you Jessica Lynch and Happy Veteran's Day. I hope you are able to handle the American Celebrity system as gracefully as you handled serving your country.

 Saturday Night I attended the monthly event called POP GEAR hosted by urlLink Dawn Eden , Kitty Beat and Michael Lynch. Good times. Good times. I just found out that the urlLink Anonymous Blogger was there. I've been following him through urlLink Caren Lissner 's page and I'm fascinated that he was at Rififis for the 60's pop music event and that I had no idea at all who he is. Anonymous Blogger. I salute you. Thank you for adding some mystery to our lives.

 It's early Saturday morning. Well, not that early by farmer standards but early for a New Yorker. I took the day off yesterday because I had to go to a tech rehearsal for a play I'm working on. I'm the sound board operator. It's exciting because I've always wanted to do this and now I am. Granted, I'm not operating the kind of sound board one might see at a Broadway show. It's a relatively simple and straight forward setup but I'm doing it and that's the point. The show I'm working on is being directed by a young woman, 23 to be exact. I do feel like the crone on the set. The actors are under 25 but the lighting designer is a little older. It's strange to be oldest person in the room because it seems like only yesterday, that I was the youngest trying to establish credibility with the older people around me. You probably want to know about the play. It's a one act that takes place in a bar between two people fighting loneliness. If you would like to come see it here are the details. THE LAST CIGARETTE by Steven Fletcher Featuring Mary McHale, Andrew Katz and directed by Irene Carroll It will be shown at the theater under St. Marks Theater at 94 St. Marks Place between 1st and Avenue A. Tickets are 7$ at the door. Showtimes are: November 9th - 8 pm November 10th - 10:30 pm November 11th - 10:30 pm Please come support the young art scene. The young men and women I've been working with this year are the future of American theater and it's important that they pay their dues in front of live audiences otherwise the experience won't have as much meaning. So, I implore you to come out and see this impressive effort.

 Today is Thursday. But, it's like Friday for me because I have the day off tomorrow. It's my first day off since I started my new job. Isn't that wonderful? Happy Thursday.

 Today is the third day of my personal no smoking ban which isn't going as well as non-smokers would like but pretty well for the rationa"lie"zing smoker that I am. My friend Dawn has been pretty supportive in posting my plight on her web log ( urlLink which of course I encourage you to visit ) and from a posting where she quotes a friend of hers with regard to quitting smoking, I've learned a new word. That word is "SMOBER". This is an excellent expression because quitting smoking is like quitting drinking. You just can't smoke. You always want a cigarette but you have to consciously decide not to smoke every time you want one. You can never have another cigarette as an alcoholic can never have another drink. I've quit before. I'd quit once for over a year. All that crap that people tell you about the craving going away, or you get over the need after the first three days is just that. Crap. In my experience, you always want one. That first cigarette I smoked after having stopped for so long was greedily welcomed by every pore of my body; my body drank the nicotine like a thirsty man drinks water. It's a lot of work but I guess that's what it means to "work on oneself". So, thank you Dawn for your public show of support and thank you friend of Dawn for your encouraging words.

 Writer Jon Blackwell makes his first special appearance on my weblog. Please join me in welcoming him. ======================================= Valerie likes to hear my stories of writing headlines for The Post, a job that could be likened to limerick-composer or bathroom graffiti artist -- a lot of fun with creative writing, but hard to take seriously. Her chuckles at a good headline ("That's so droll" is a favorite) is one of the delights of the job. Today I told her of a headline I wrote for a story about the unveiling of a design for Robert De Niro's new hotel. (In case you hadn't heard about it before, De Niro is the principal partner in a $43 million project to build the luxe development in TriBeCa.) It was pretty routine stuff, but easy to remember at the end of a busy day: "ANALYZE THIS HOTEL." Then I told her about my frustrations that one story I wrote a headline for never made it into the Post. This was about a team of experts who are digging up the body of Petrarch (13th century Italian literary great, namesake of the Petrarchan sonnet) for archaeological study. This one was PROFS TO PARSE PETRARCH'S BONES. But when I segued from one headline to another, I apparently didn't make it clear I was talking about two different stories. So Valerie's reaction was: Why are they putting Petrarch's body in De Niro's hotel?

 Day 1 was a tough day being Monday and all. Not smoking proved extremely challenging and when I walked out of the building at the end of the day, I went to the drug store and bought a pack. I smoked 3 cigarettes last night. Day 2 was not such a tough day but my body started aching for the goddess nicotine and I smoked 2 cigarettes when I walked out of the building, walking toward the West Village, walking to meet my cousin for sushi, and then walking to Tuesday Night trivia. So, it's not the cigarette with coffee that I miss, nor the one most people enjoy after a meal. The cigarette I miss and will miss the most is the one you smoke after completing a satisfying day of work. The one you smoke when you walk out the door at the end of the day and feel that blast of fresh air that tells you you made it through another day of work. I call it the accomplishment cigarette;the one you smoke after cleaning your house, after baking a cake, after drawing a picture or writing a thing. This probably sounds like a ritual to you and if it does you're right. It is my ritual to celebrate the end of a project in a small way and that small way has become smoking a cigarette. Maybe, I'll replace smoking with situps. That wouldn't work either though really because then I would want a cigarette after doing situps. Well......that was day 2, for what it's worth.

 I want to get rid of the dark circles under my eyes. I want to get rid of my constant sinus irritation and my post nasal drip. I want my complexion to return to peaches and cream from the current sallowness it's acquired over the last few months. I want get rid of my painful reflux disorder. I want more energy. I want my red blood cells to carry oxygen freely without a wall of tar preventing it's free flow in my avioli. Believe it or not, this can all be accomplished by quttting smoking. So, I quit smoking. Today is day 1. Wish me luck.

 Dear readers, Hello. How are you? How are your families? Are you enjoying the nice weather? Here in Astoria we are having unseasonably warm weather. It's 9 am on Saturday morning and my windows are up because the air is fresh and lovely. I just wanted to drop you a line to let you know you might not be hearing from me for a while. I've decided that the energy I spend writing here is going to be spent working on one of the 20 or 30 projects I've been preternaturally blocked from writing for the last 10 years or so. But don't worry. I've invited a couple of friends to be guest writers for this site. If they take me up on my offer, there will still be entries to satisfy your collective internet wanderlust. If they don't take me up on this offer well then you are all S.O.L. Either way, you'll hear from me soon, probably sooner than later. Sincerely yours, Valerie

 I'm heading out to Long Island for a festive New Year celebration with the Goodmans. While there, I will be in a "NO INTERNET ACCESS ZONE". Before I leave, I want to wish you all a HAPPY, HAPPY NEW YEAR!! I also want to wish all our service men and women stationed all over the world but particularly the urlLink Middle East , a special HAPPY, HEALTHY AND SAFE NEW YEAR!!! Thank you for your service this year and keep up the good work. Good will toward mankind and peace on earth. HAPPY, HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!

 The year 2003 is coming to a grinding halt. Professionally this urlLink year urlLink has urlLink been a urlLink struggle . (Eventually, I was able to secure a decent job but it took some doing.) Personally, it has been a miracle. And I owe it mostly to urlLink bar urlLink trivia . I started keeping this web log around the time that I started going to trivia. This is not some happy coincidence. It is through urlLink someone I met at trivia that I learned about the phenomena of blogging. I would not have started keeping this blog, for what it's worth, if it hadn't been for the above mentioned person. I made a urlLink whole urlLink bunch urlLink of urlLink new urlLink friends , due to trivia. It's amazing how many great people I have met as a result of attending a weekly activity that I enjoy. I even found romance. ( I'll link later to romance's weblog, granted he's not embarrassed by this reference ). NB: There are people mentioned in this post who do not attend trivia but I credit trivia with it due to the butterfly effect of meeting the person who was patient enough to explain the term blog and kind enough to introduce me to the blogosphere. It's also worth mentioning that not everyone I've met maintains a website or keeps a web log so I was not able to link to them. I feel shy about mentioning names because I'm not sure how those people would feel. Several years back, I started taking urlLink acting classes to help me with being more outgoing. That led to more socialization as well but not it the same way. I don't really enjoy acting so doing scenes every week was like torture. Admittedly, the practice of appearing in front of a group of people every week helped me in other ways. It's probably what led me to becoming a teacher, actually. Teaching was partially inspired by having directed some scenes in an urlLink off broadway showcase which I produced with some friends from acting classes. But teaching did not turn out to be the answer either. Anyway, through trivia I have been able to make friends, appear in front of groups of people through the magic of co-hosting, and satisfy my craving for insanely detailed conversations which others would most likely find mundane. Through trivia folk I've been learning that people are not defined by their jobs. Okay.....I learned this before trivia but somehow that lesson was reinforced by talking to new people. I've met quite a few people, who slog through their jobs daily to get to the fun stuff they do later that day. Without delving too much further into myself for the benefit of making this point, that advice about doing an activity you enjoy to make friends and find romance, is true. Sometimes, like me you have to participate in many other activities (I only told you about the acting. there are others not worth mentioning) to settle on one you really like but hang in there. Keep trying. It's just harder for some people but eventually you'll find your niche (if you haven't already found it).

 I had an unusual dream last night. Actually it is the usual type dream for me, but perhaps unusual for others. In the dream I was vacationing in a bucolic setting, in a house with several other people. Somehow, two of the people from a vacation house down the road ended up dead in our house, although I'm not sure how and the dream turned from our milling around pleasantly with people to one of having to hide the dead bodies. I was very calm in the dream. Having accepted this reality, I came up with a plan that made it seem like an every day chore, like running an errand. I disposed of the head and hands in the garbage outside figuring there would be a garbage pickup that day. Meanwhile one of our other friends was mowing the incredibly overgrown grass which had grown as high as an elephant's eye. Before disposing of the body I did a systematic cleaning of the house, utilizing all of my knowlege I guess that I've acquired from watching hours of "CSI" and "Law and Order", getting rid of all trace evidence of our existence. While this cleansing was going on the parents of one of our friends showed up spontaneously, so then the dream became about keeping the truth from the parents. For example, they would walk near a blood stain that hadn't yet been cleaned I would have to hope they didn't see it. And they also walked near the garbage with the head and hands, so I remember worrying about weather or not the garbage was starting to smell like decomp. There were other parts of the dream which involved driving around on some other kind of adventure but I don't really remember that part. The part that sticks out the most is what I just described. See that world. New Yorkers have dreams also.

 As I have mentioned before, I am enjoying my Christmas bonus of days off. Today is what I would consider an official day off because there are people at my office. I slept until noon. Something that only happens to me when I've truly had a chance to relax which is something that only happens to me after a fourth day off, which was yesterday. I probably would have slept longer if my super, who apparently also has the day off, didn't decide that this would be the day he set up a saw horse beneath my kitchen window and cut up a front panel of some random car. Yes. I am upset about this. It seems that my days off coincide with my super and that on his days off he gets enjoyment from doing very loud home improvement work. Anyway, not to dwell in anger, I decided to continue my internet adventures by linking to links posted by various hosts I've added to blogroll. The Anonymous Blogger, in his most recent post, included a link to a spectacular review of the movie "The Lord of the Rings: Return of the King" by Ain't It Cool . I've seen this movie. I though it was fantastic but the person who wrote the review did such an excellent job of breaking the movie down and celebrating it's genius that I recommend you link to it. Honestly, the man could teach a class in film at my alma matter, SUNY Purchase. Without further ado, here is the urlLink link to what I consider the best movie review ever written.

 This day's feminist of the day was a martyr whose last name was Perpetua. The feminist of the day feature is very cool because it changes automatically. The only problem is that comments attached to the feminist of the day don't really fit once she has changed. I am leaving this note here as a bookmark so you can read the comments posted by my friends.

 If you have been following urlLink Caren's web log , you know that she sometimes brings attention to the phenomena of Nigerian Spam letters. Here is an example from urlLink Caren 's sight: 12/21/2003Today's affirmation, as received in my e-mail: urlLink I have the pleasure to share my testimony with you, having seen your contact from the Internet. I am Barrister David Johnson, the legal adviser to late Mr. and Mrs. Andy Brown, an America couple that lived in my Country Nigeria for 30 years before they both died in the plane crash late last year. These couples were good Christians, they so dedicated their live to God. And as matter of fact, after I sold all their properties, I realized more than $3,800,000.00 (Three million hundred thousand US dollars...I asked God to make his choice and direct me to a honest Christian or the chosen ministry that deserves this fund by his Grace. I then came across your address on the Internet as I was browsing through a Christian site, and as a matter of fact, it is not only you or your ministry that I picked on the Christian site initially, but after my fervent prayer over it, then you were nominated to me through divine revelation from God. And here is another : Today's installment from my e-mail: urlLink I am Dr Luisa Pimentel Estrada, the wife of Joseph Ejercito Estrada,former president of Philippines. I have children with my husband Jose, Jacqueline and Jude. Two sons and a daugther.This mail may be coming to you as a surprise or an article but it is very real.I gave the mail to my daugther Jude to send the mail to any contacts she sees and may be a God fearing person will listen to our plight.I will want you as the receiver to read through it and think very well if you can help or render us any assistance. My husband Joseph Ejercito estrada was elected as the 13th President of the Philippines in May 1998 by the people of Philippines due to his popularity in the film industry...the way things are going with us,my husband decided to let me know that he deposited some money with some Banks .These funds are presently deposited in his private Bank accounts, Three in whole, one in Europe,one in Central America and one in the Bahamas and all deposited in our name. The Fund in question is put all together exceed One hundred Million. 45 Million USD deposited with a Bank in Common Wealth of Dominica,30. Million USD with a Trust Company in Europe - and the Bahamas- 35. Million USD. ...I would want us to be in partnership in any good business you may suggest in your country. Please handle this transaction with maturity and sincerity. Best Regards, Dr Mrs Luisa P.Ejercito Estrada Following Caren's lead and in the spirit of keeping the public aware of such scams and schemes to take advantage of our good natures and to rob of us our money, Jon, host of urlLink Of Moops and Men published this timely Nigerian Spam Scam letter in his post entitled Have a Happy Nigerian spam scam New Year which follows. He writes: Discovered too late for Christmas, but too good not to pass up ... the following comes from the always dependable alt.fan.cecil-adams : urlLink Dear esteemed personage of US residency: I am writing to you in strictest confidence on a matter of the utmost concern and urgency. My dear employer, Mr. Santa Claus, who slaved all his life to give away toys to the good and deserving, was tragically ambushed in a sleigh which also crashed over a rooftop and ploughed into a manger display unfortunately killing all the occupants. Luckily, he was prepared for this unfortunate event, having been warned by an elf only two days earlier that this might happen. He had prepared partly for the transferal of his entire remaining estate of 75 million toys to be placed in the hands of the Rudolph International storage in Toytown, Nigeria. The account requires that for safety, all the toys are transferred as quickly as possible to a UK home garage to prevent the bad children from getting any benefit. (these are the rebels that caused the ambush). I need your help, and will give you 35% of the toys, after you pay me $3000 on deposit to help me pay the costs of transferring the toys. I am, you see, destitute since this tragic event .... Awaiting your reply Sincerely Mr. Iman Elf

 Faced with time off I am overwhelmed with choices. What do I do? On today's list is going to the library to research a writing project. Will I do it? I don't know. Also on the list is fulfulling my basic human needs. Will I do it? I don't know. Brushing my teeth is high on that list. Will I do it? Yes. I know this much is true. What else will I do today?

 I found something interesting looking at Santosh's Vault. Actually, if you're interested in learning a little about Singapore, Mr. Santosh is currently spending his winter break there. He just wrote today that he's planning a side jaunt to India. I always enjoy his entries. His link is to the left but if you are just too tired or lazy to scroll up and over you can also click urlLink here . On his site, every week, young Santosh posts a quiz by the urlLink Friday Five . I thought I'd give it a try. It looks like a good writing exercise. So here I go: 1. What was your biggest accomplishment this year? My biggest accomplishment was leaving my cave and becoming the social butterfly I've dreamt of becoming my whole life. 2. What was your biggest disappointment? My biggest disappointment is that I'm officially one year past the age limit for joining the FBI. 3. What do you hope the new year brings? I hope that whatever is brewing in IRAQ (a situation I still don't fully understand) is resolved soon and the young men and women serving there can return to their countries unharmed. 4. Will you be making any New Year's resolutions? If yes, what will they be? I don't make resolutions and don't believe in it. I strive to be the best I can be all year round. I have a life list that is constantly being revised and updated by which I try to live my life. 5. What are your plans for New Year's Eve? I plan to spend New Year's Eve with family and loved ones.

 After my failed attempt at resolving my Simpsons Hit and Run problem and after two incredibly competitive games of Scrabble, the time came for J to leave and for me to do my laundry. As soon as I got there, I became "agitated". There was a couple there, doing their laundry, as if the laundromat were there own personal laundry room. They had taken over two baskets with the bars for hanging clothes. This woman had 20 shirts hung up all nice and neat. They were using two folding tables. They had taken over 9 dryers. And the most annoying thing was the husband was just sitting there doing nothing. Of course, the woman probably just told him to sit there and keep her company and not to touch anything because she likes to do laundry herself but I was just so annoyed at the space they were taking up and his just sitting there meant that they were going to be there that much longer. I was so upset my head felt like it was in the spin cycle with my delicates. Eventually, they left. And I relaxed into the nice rhythm of folding laundry and making things neat. I never put this together before but when I'm upset cleaning or straightening up makes me feel better. It's the mindless action of a repetitive act that I find most soothing. It's as if my internal chaos has been externalized into the chaos around me and somehow, clearing away the mess is like folding my errant emotions into neat little piles.

 Something wonderful happened this morning. I woke up after 9. I worked on my computer for a good part of the morning. J gave me The Simpsons: Hit and Run, computer game. I can't wait to play it but there is something wrong. When I click on play in the launch menu, my computer gives me a message that it is committing an error and the game shuts itself down. I'm so bummed because I can't figure out what's wrong. I ran the programs one runs when trying to detect a problem but all systems are running fine. If you know what the problem is please email me at goodmanval@aol.com. I took a break from it for while to play Scrabble with J. I've truly met my match. He's an amazing player. He is by far the smartest person I know and possesses an expansive vocabulary (can you see the little hearts floating around my head?) . Playing SCRABBLE with him will definitely help me improve my game.

 Earlier today, J pointed out that when I call Viggo Mortensen, Vito Morgensen that I am committing something known as a "SPOONERISM". This was the first time I've ever heard this word. He even urlLink mentions it here. *Psssst! Don't tell anyone but I think he likes me.*

 Scrolling through Blogger's list of Websites they've noticed recently, I stumbled across this urlLink one . It a soldier's recounting of Christmas on the front lines. Could you imagine what it would be like to be stationed to fight on Christmas in the land from where most biblical lore comes? Read this and you don't really have to imagine. It's profound.

 In keeping with the king movie theme today, on the tellie, as I write this, is the movie "King of Kings", a movie narrated by the great actor/writer/orator Orson Welles, produced in the year of our Lord, 1961. I'm not exactly sure what the movie is about but it may have something to do with the son of God or son of man or something like that. From the way things are going, it doesn't look like it is going to have a happy ending.

 The movie was wonderful. You will find no spoilers here. I will tell you that of the predictions I made as to the movie's plot points, only a couple were correct. In the spirit of not giving anything away, the movie seemed to focus male friendship, much like the critically acclaimed and very enjoyable "Master and Commender". Both movies focused on men finding friendship during battle. Propaganda through fantasy and adventure films. . . .hmmmmmm . . . .I'll have to explore this further.

 Like any good jew, I will be at the movies today. I am going to see the final movie in the "Lord of the Rings" Trilogy, the RETURN OF THE KING. I haven't yet seen it but this how think it is going to go. * Sam and Frodo continue on their reverse quest and encounter obstacles. * Evil dirt monsters will continue to try to eliminate the race of human. * Elves and humans will battle together in one last stand against the evil blackness spreading across middle earth * The extremely hot Viggo Mortensen will have hot elven sex, hot human sex and then be restored as KING of AROGON, PARAGON, TARRAGON (whatever). * The Wizards of White will have the best fight scene. * Frodo will lose finger. I really, really need to read the books. I think the movies would be more enjoyable for me if I would just read the books.

 It is a warm and rainy day in New York City. People generally want snow during these holidays but I'm happy with rain. Snow is pretty for a few moments around here but then it starts to melt and the city becomes very difficult to navigate. ====================================== I am alone again in the office. I am getting things done. I love this holiday even though I've never celebrated it because it is time when you can clear the piles off of your desk. It is a little bit quiet though, and a little boring. The quiet is kind of distracting. I've got nothing to work against.

 When I got home this evening, a pleasant surprise was waiting for me. It was a phone message from one of my oldest and dearest friends, Josh. Josh is married, with a new baby and living in Thailand. He got married at least five years ago and I haven't really spoken with him since 9/11. It's not good or bad that we drifted apart. It's just how it is sometimes. I will now the tell you the nice thing about having a good friend like Josh. You can go ages without speaking to one but then when you do, aside from all the catching up, it's as if no time has passed once you've had a chance to talk. I'm sorry I missed his call but I did email him and hopefully I'll hear back from him soon. Josh. If you are reading this, I love you, I miss you and I can't wait to hear from you and I can't wait to see pictures of your nice family.

 urlLink Jesus Christ, son of God and savior of humanity, confided Monday that He is not looking forward to His 2003rd birthday, saying that He is "really dreading turning the big two-oh-oh-three." I know just how you feel. Hang in there, Jesus. 2,003 isn't as old as you think. You'll see.

 Sing us a song, you're cholesterol Sing us a song tonight. Now we're all in the mood for a heart attack And you've got our hearts stuffed real tight.

 I am proud to be a part of the urlLink grilled urlLink cheese urlLink wave. My own special urlLink ode to grilled cheese later. I have to go to work to man the phones. I'll be the only one there for a few hours this morning.

 Today, was a good work day; busy but not too demanding. But gastronomically, it was kind of a disaster. I was little bit hungry, earlier than usual today so I decided to order a variation of a breakfast sandwich I have been ordering for the owner. Every so often he asks me to "order him up the usual". The usual is a toasted bialy, lightly buttered with one slice of swiss cheese. I ordered one with one slice of provolone. It was yummy but not too filling; a perfect prelunch meal. Then, one of our vendors, sent us a gift plate of cookies; delicious, rich buttery cookies. Fantastic. Here is where the disaster begins. My boss and I went out to get her something to eat for lunch. Not being hungry, I passed. This was shortly after my provolone bialy. But M didn't finish her lunch and she had hardly eaten any of it. So, before she threw it out, I volunteered to eat her roasted pork. Then, we delved into the cookies. Not being accustomed to eating multitudes of sweets, I crashed about 1/2 an hour after stuffing my face with the rich, buttery treats. I was tired for the rest of the work day. I blogged somewhere between 6 and 6:30. That's when I told you about my plans for Barnes and Noble. Barnes and Noble was a little bit too crowded to be enjoyable so I rushed ahead to my next plan. I thought it would be nice to top off my visit to Barnes and Noble with a nice dinner at Chat and Choo, one of my favorite little comfort food places. Too bad that it was crowded. Because I had to go to Mayrose, which is normally a restaurant whose comfort food I enjoy. I got the cob salad which I love. I was little bit annoyed because they served the salad to me with the dressing on the side. I didn't ask for the dressing on the side (rant brewing on "on the side"; stay tuned). That made the meal less enjoyable because all I could think about was how annoying it was that I had to toss my own 10$ salad. For 10$ lettuce, I should have to do as little work as possible. Anyway, to make a short story long, I think the dressing combined with the cookies, the pork and the provolone made my subway ride home intolerably long although it was probably the fastest ride i've had in three days. All is well now. I'm home, I'm changed, more comfortable, and finished with food for the day. Maybe next time, I'll should stick with some good ole' urlLink grilled cheese . That with a good bowl of soup is all the comfort you need.

 Sitting at my desk . . . .waiting for the worms . . . .to come. ----------------------------------------------- I'm going to the Barnes & Noble at Union Square, after I finish up here,to look at magazines and have a cup of tea. ----------------------------------------------- Tomorrow there will be only two people in my office. Myself and the owner of the company. My boss is leaving for vacation at 4 am tomorrow morning. ----------------------------------------------- In anticipation of the inevitable lull our business is experiencing because or the X-mas holiday, both the owner and my boss have gathered many little things for me to do. So, while every thing will be quiet, I will be remarkably busy. ----------------------------------------------- Perhaps when I get to UNION SQUARE, the Farmer's Market will still be open. Maybe there will be a few vendors who decided to wait until the last minute to close shop. I could use some fresh leeks. ----------------------------------------------- I am still waiting to meet with my boss. There will be two days when I am here without her so I need to speak with her about what to expect and about what will be expected of me. ----------------------------------------------- Every office I work in I usually find I am in a different office but encountering the same personalities. It's actually refreshing that my nice boss' personality varied.

 Monday morning is here yet again. Again, it has arrived too quickly after spending a pleasurable weekend living in New York City. I was so fried on Friday night (a day I like to call FRIED day), that there wasn't much I could do except blog and sleep. I spent Saturday finding the component's of J's Hanukah present and then getting ready for our date on the top of the Empire State Buildling. The Empire State Building was pretty incredible. I've never been up there at night. Downtown and East Side views were better for the mere reason that the Uptown and West Views were freezing. The Hudson was kicking up a wickedly cold breeze. We each made an elongated penny and if you've been paying attention we both blogged from the 86th floor observation deck where they have pay-as-you-go internet service terminals. I was dressed up so pretty but in the end it didn't matter because I didn't take my coat off once for the cold. My enjoyment of the evening was also impeded by the incredibly adorable but uncomfortable shoes I was wearing. I don't understand why they hurt my feet. The heels were only an 1.5 inches. Theoreticlly those shoes should not have pinched but alas...they did. No bother. It was still a lot of fun. Yesterday was a wonderful day. J came over with the NY Times. We did the crossword puzzle and shopped on the main shopping strip in Astoria. And now it's Monday morning, and I'm delaying my departure for work by intently writing about my weekend. But now I'm done and I have to leave. How was your weekend? I can't wait to hear about it!

 Today, was Jane Fonda's birthday and previously was listed as feminist of the day on this site and others. If you have any opinions about Jane's traitorous activities and/or comments during the great American/Vietanamese Police Action/Conflict/War (aka the Great Rice Battle), please keep them to yourself or post them below. Jane Fonda embodies the spirit of American Capitalism and is a fair representation of at least 1 per cent of our population. I'm not clear why she is considered a great feminist of our time. She got her job because of the influence of her father and she married above her station in spite of the fact that she's had a successful career. Sounds pretty old fashioned and non-revolutionary to me. I guess the lesson here is that half of a percent of American women should have equal access to that 99% of the wealth. . . even if they marry into it.

 I am now blogging from the 86th story observation deck of the Empire State Building. Jon is standing right by me. Romantic? Well. It might be too cold for romance and I forgot to wear practical shoes. but......yes......still romantic. I Heart New York.

 Do you think politicians collect dolls? Well, I do. I think that they collect dolls like the currently sold out urlLink George Bush Aviator Doll and the captured urlLink Saddam Hussein Doll . I think instead of Barbie's Town House they have Bushie's White House and that they make the George Bush Aviator Doll jump up and down repeatedly on Saddam's lice ridden head. (not that there's anything wrong with that).

 I just found out from Caren urlLink 's site is that the OLSEN TWINS will be attending NYU shortly. I don't know if the city is ready for the onslaught of media the OLSEN twins are going to receive living in New York City. Don't they have colleges in Canada?

 I just found out I have a new reader in France. It is my very charming and recently married young cousin. I will not say his name for fear of embarrassing him but welcome young cousin to my web site and I hope you caught a big fish this morning!!!

 My very nice boss gave me a gift for the holidays. In the gift box I found bath stuff and knick knacks but mostly love. It was nice of her to give me a gift. She makes feel appreciated and like she's my friend as well as my boss. She also gave me her executive pass for the urlLink Empire State Building which expires at the end of the year. She can't really use it again because she is going away for the holidays. If my boyfriend is reading this, you should stop right now because I want to take you to the top of the urlLink Empire State Building tomorrow night and it's supposed to be a surprise. Hee hee.

 I left work at 6:30pm I walked through my front door at 7:45 pm. That is one of the joys of living in New York City. An incident delayed the trains. Then the train I was in was emptied of people because of a problem with the doors. The train was stuck under the East River because of the delayed train we had to empty. Life in New York isn't always so romantic, hence my previous post where I expressed a desire for a more romantic life. But, on the other hand, for four stops, I was stuck next to famous actor urlLink Ben Chaplin . Standing shoulder to shoulder with him in my crowded train, we were equals as we held on to the same pole for balance with one hand, a book in the other. He departed at 42nd street. I imagine he is currently performing on Broadway. That didn't exactly make it worth the 75 minutes commute home but it was fun. That's also very New York.

 I was discussing the importance of romance with someone the other night. I've never been the sort that really is impressed with romance so naturally that is why I think about it all the time. I've come to this conclusion. Our daily lives can pretty tough here in NYC. Subways, homeless, the stench of urine, foot traffic, traffic traffic, waiting on lines everywhere. Most people dislike their jobs and if they don't dislike them at least find them stressful or distasteful or boring. This is why I think romance might be important. We need a special place in our lives, in our days, to help make things nicer. I salute you Romance. I am actually going to try and get my boss' pass to special activities in the Empire State Building. Perhaps, I can surprise my boyfriend with something romantic. My other theory about ROMANCE is that men are more into it than women. Let me know what you think.

 I accidentally stumbled upon the urlLink Grinch Who Stole Christmas this evening. What a nice surprise?!?!? As I get older I notice different things every year I revisit this Christmas classic. Here are some thoughts that occurred to me while watching this perennial treasure. 1) The commercials they show during the Grinch emphasize what Grinch finds most distasteful about Christmas...and that would be the commercialization of Christmas. Ironic . . . n'est ce pas? 2) The Grinch has a dog. His dog is so faithful. He'd do anything for the Grinch, including superseding the strength in his small dog frame in order pull a sled heavy with the Who's stolen happiness and Christmas cheer. So how bad could the Grinch really be that he commands such loyalty? I realized tonight that he's just a lonely monster who wants everyone to be as lonely as he. So the opposite is also true, meaning he wants to be rescued from his bitter loneliness. He is hiding up in his cave. People who hide, want to be found. 3) I wish I had a 39 and half foot pole. 4) Wouldn't it be great to blend Christmas villains into one movie? Such as combining Scrooge with the Grinch and in the end the villain never really understands the true meaning of Christmas. I want a Christmas story with a sad ending, where the Christmas villain holds on to the notion that Christmas has been blown way out of proportion and perhaps should be toned down a bit. In this movie, the villain is the hero because he is able to think apart from the herd and not live a a falsely happy life just because it's Christmas. 5) Nobody made up nonsense words better than Dr. Seuss which oddly enough reminds me of a teacher I worked with when I was teaching. One of the scarier things I learned as I was exploring this truly noble profession is that New York City teachers aren't always the sharpest crayons in the box. They certainly are well intentioned but . . . . . This teacher always referred to Dr. Seuss as Dr. Zeus even spelling his name as if this genius of children's literature were a god. Not that he wasn't but you know.....very scary.....don't send your kids to a New York City public school. Finding out who your child's teacher is, is not unlike urlLink eating a box of chocolates .

 Flu. Come here.....we need to talk. Closer, closer......okay, okay.....that's close enough. I noticed lately that there is no chemistry between us. Maybe we should just be friends. What? Are you still here? Didn't you hear me? I don't want to see you anymore. What? Don't make me hurt you......No. Stop. Get off me!!!! FUCK OFF, FLU!!!!. YOU MAKE ME SICK. YOU *AND* YOUR DAMN GERMS. GET THE FUCK AWAY FROM ME AND DON'T COME BACK. Yes.....No... No... Don't cry flu....don't cry........ I just don't want you around me. Don't worry.....I'm sure someone else will find you attractive (yeah, right). See that guy over there in the timberland boots wearing the fleece lined denim jacket and no hat, scarf or gloves . . .with his hands jammed in his pocket . . .yeah. . .that one, the one with the mullet, freezing to death......he's just begging for you to visit with him for a while. Go with him. It's okay.....go ahead......ugh!!! Now what's wrong? I'm sure he'll be thrilled to meet you, now go. Gosh!! You are pathetic. Get a hold of yourself, flu. I'm done being nice. You can go away now, flu. Good bye.

 So. The bath helped. It was really, really, really hot. I'm in the office. Someone else made coffee today. That's part of my job to make the first cup of coffee of the day so the fact that someone else did it kind of made me feel the littlest bit better. I need to get a lot done today but still have a low impact day. Is that even possible? I figure if I'm going to be dizzy and achy, what's the difference between feeling that way at home or at work? Yeah. Okay. There is a bed at home. That's true. But I'd probably be writing at my computer all day anyway, with naps in between writing spurts, but napping.....ahhhhhh, napping......

 I woke up this morning and my head is spinning. It's spinning like I've been drinking all night yet I haven't had a drink since Tuesday night, a beer to help me relax before trivia. My stomach is making noises a human's stomach should'nt make. Is this what the flu feels like? it's been at least two years since I've felt this bad. I'm about to get into a scalding hot bath and then I'm going to pretend like I'm not sick and go to work anyway. This is because my boss is going on vacation and I want to help her clear her desk before she goes. It's good for her and good for me because I'll be her next week when she's gone. If I can just hang in there until next Wednesday, I'll be fine. Because I have off from Christmas Day until January 5th of next year. There will plenty of time for rest and recovery then. Wish me luck.

 Perhaps you read earlier that I wasn't feeling well, yet again. Welll. I decide to fight the flu once again using my good old fashioned version of Jewish penicillin. Inspired by Maurice Sendaks children's book ( which I found cleaning up two nights ago ) urlLink Chicken Soup with Rice , I decided to eat my urlLink very own chicken soup with brown rice. My version came out great. I added 10 cloves of garlic and four different of pepper, varying in both heat and color. And I didn't use anything with lemon, as a matter of fact I didn't use the recipe I linked to at all. I have my own secret recipe. You have be related to me to get the recipe and know me personally to eat some. Anyway, if this doesn't help combat the flu for another day or two, I don't know what will. =========================================== About urlLink Tuesday Night Trivia: I co-hosted with Jill. It was surreal. Caren wasn't there so I kind of filled in for her. I got off to a rocky start but eventually I developed a flow and it went a little better. The spotlights seemed exceptionally hot and bright for some reason. urlLink Caren 's are some pretty big shoes to fill. She makes hosting look so much easier than it really is. I felt the crowd's missing her as I stumbled through the evening's festivities. Anyway, most memorable about last night were the team names. As you can imagine, quite a few were about Saddam Hussein. Here they are (with the final rankings): 9th - CO$T:Children of Strom Thurmond (last place prize of chocolate bar.) 8th - Mucha Lucha 7th - Only Losers Meet on Friendster (our choice for best team name) 6th - It Saddam Shame He Got Caught: AKA Saddam, Me and Gommorah 5th - Up Tikrit Without A Weapon of Mass Destruction (close second for best team name) 4th - Crazy Saddam ~ His Prices are HUSSEIN 3rd - 100 Years of Flight; 99 Years of Peanuts You Can't Open (winners of $10 off their bar tab) 2nd - Give Us $1 Million or You'll Never See Caren Again (winners of $15 off their bar tab) 1st - String [Saddam] Up & Get It Over With (winners of $25 off their bar tab)

 Dear Random Guy at the Bank: Why were you filling out your forms at the teller's window? Didn't you know that between 12:30 and 1:30 is when most people go to the bank for their bosses to make deposits? Couldn't you ask about the change of address form with a bank rep at one of those nice desks designed to assist bank customers, one of which you are clearly? Didn't you see the line of angry and impatient people standing behind you as you smiled your innocent yet annoying mid-western smile making small talk with the average looking teller? You have no right conducting business this way in a busy city, in a busy bank. Fill out your forms at the counter like the rest of us.

 I noticed that it didn't take long for the Saddam jokes to get started. I object to this and here is why: 1) It's not funny that he is a mass murderer. 2) It's not funny that he is almost died in that hole 3) It's not fun and it's not funny. It's too soon to make fun of him, too fresh. Too raw.......I know you guys are pissed and there's nothing wrong with that. Be pissed. He's an ass. Just don't rush to make light of such a serious situation. There will be time for that later. Remember, we have still have a lot of young men and women serving over there and what they are doing is not fun or funny. Respect their missions and their youthful altruism by not making light of the SADDAM thing now. Yes. It is all connected believe it or not.

 Well. I am working, so I can't really update anything now, can I? You'll just have to wait so stop pressuring me ( in a whiny tone ). *I will say that my head hurts which has absolutely nothing to do with last night's trivia match but I like to share so you can feel my pain. Yeah.....It might be time for more coffee.*

 Quite Wicked did a nice job of posting the transcript from Paris Hilton's appearance on Dec 7 Saturday Night Live. Click urlLink here for more. It's chock full of well intentioned double meaning.

 There isn't really any Monday madness. I just like the way that sounds. Of course, what happened on my subway ride into the city this morning could qualify as madness, but you are probably tired of hearing about how bad the NYC subways are. Actually, what happened was quite dull, but delayed my trip in by 20 minutes making me 15 minutes late for work. The suspense is killing you isn't it? Well, that's how I keep you coming back.

 I plan to go out one time today and that is to pick up the New York Times and buy toilet paper. These are two things I fear I can not live without today. Okay. Here I go. I'm out the door. I'm fighting blasts of biting cold air. I'm loving it. It's so wonderful. Okay. Now I'm really going. Bye.

 I was surprised to learn on urlLink Caren 's website that it was already snowing and that former Iraqi leader Saddam Husseing has been captured. urlLink Saddam Hussein was found hiding in a hole, bearded and dirty. Two reports I just read said he's chatty and cooperative. But I guess being a dictator isn't that glamourous after all. Hiding in a hole. It doesn't get any worse than that unless of course you count the death of your two sons. Yeah. He's getting a pretty bad beating. I'm still not sure whether or not what we're doing there makes sense but at least the military accomplished one of its goals. I need to hear more about it before I can claim pride in our government for devastating the Iraqi people and their countryside for reasons I still don't exactly believe. But I will say that I'm proud of the young men and women who are in Iraq fighting for what they believe in because what they believe in is "U.S." Thank you.

 My friends are gone. (sniff) It was strange. Tonight, as I was watching them getting ready to go out to a party in Long Island I was amazed at the amount of effort they put into getting ready. It wasn't only the bathing and the hair drying. There was the make up and the questions of what looked good with what and discussion of what shoes would be worn if this shirt was worn with these jeans. It reminded me of when we were in high school and they would do the same thing. I was never that type of girl and watching this ritual made me feel a little sad that I'm not overly concerned with which earrings would match my shoes if i wore that shirt with those jeans. We are all so different yet remain so close. Amazing. While they were getting ready, I cooked for them. That was nice. When you live alone, you don't get do that too much, you know take care of people. I made a delicious meat loaf (which is something I haven't made in 7 or 8 years) and a lazy ratatouille (meaning I left out the eggplant and didn't peel the tomotoes). They are both very nice women. One is a mom with two kids and one is an aspiring actress pursuing her dreams in L.A. Being the oldest of the three I feel a little bit proud of them not that I had anything to do with how they turned out but just because they grew up into great people. I hope they feel the same way about me. I love my friends. We all gathered early in the evening at a nice italian restaurant called urlLink Cascina near the theater district to celebrate Lilo's birthday. Afterwards we moved the party to urlLink O'Flaherty's on restaurant row. It was great to see everyone last night. I was especially happy that some of new friends were able to meet my old friends. Sometimes it's nice to gather the friends I have made in different corners in a central place. Thanks for coming. You three know who you are and I don't want to embarrass you by naming you. It means a lot me that you were all able to make it. Today, we went into the city so we could visit some New Yorky places, like Tiffany's and Tiffany's. It was cold and crowded. I'm invited to a great event this evening over at Rififi's, my friend Dawn's urlLink POP GEAR but I'm sad to report that between last night's festivities and this afternoon's adventure into the heart of the Fifth Avenue I'm just exhausted.

 Nothing brings in the holidays like a good urlLink antisemitic message . (via urlLink Vidiot , via urlLink MeFi ) Gee. To think I almost forgot my place in this world full of Jew haters.

 My Aunt Flo finally stopped in her for monthly visit this morning. I've actually been a little cranky and anxious this week in anticipation of her arrival. Some people actually noted a change in my attitude that they recognized as being a result of Aunt Flo's visit. Today isn't going to be easy. She's already making me feel a little tired and sick to my stomach. Hopefully, she'll ease up on me in a couple of days or so. My friends don't seem to mind that she's here. As I mentioned before Lilo and Kathy are here. They are my oldest friends in the world and it's been a long time since the three of us have been together like this. We're planning on going into the city. Tiffany's is on the agenda (always fun whether or not you're visiting from out of town). If I had my druthers we'd stay in our pajamas all day and make meatballs and cookies. So, it's a good thing I have two friends that are extremely outgoing and upbeat. Aunt Flo has me a little down but I'm sure they'll help me navigate our tenuous relationship. That's what friends are for!!!

 I recently found out that a link to my page has been added to a new web log called urlLink Of Moops and Men . If you look to your right, you can see that I've already added the link to my list of interesting links. But it's worth a mention because it's just a gosh darn fun blog where the writer shares his comical views on today's headlines. The fun thing is that these are headlines that come in on the wire services but are often overlooked for "more interesting" news. Join me in welcoming this new wit to the Blogosphere and enjoy. My new friend is an excellent writer, an excellent writer. (10 minutes to Wapner)

 Today is Friday, Friday, Friday. It will fun day, fun day, all day long. What a great day to have off!!!! The sun is shining, the birds are singing. Did I mention how comfortable my pajamas are. Now, all I have to do is everything I planned on doing but, gosh, it's a day off. It'll only take me one hour plus half to do the laundry: the towels, the sheets, the blankets, the comforters and maybe even the pillows (cold and flu season is here. Unless your pillows are stuffed with feathers [yuck!!] there is no reason for you not to wash them). But somehow, I think it's going to take longer because I have to prepare emotionally (sounds like as good an excuse as any other). The coffee is brewing. Yesterday, this web log served me as a sanity saving device. Today, it might be more of a procrastination device. Oooo!!! The coffee maker just gurgled "I'm done making your coffee now" so with any luck and a little bit discipline this will be last post of the day and my last trip down the information superhighway. Have a nice day friends. Have a nice day.

 picture me: wildeyed and crazy; delirious with fatigue; running around the office like a madwoman; wielding a sharp weapon and ready to strike... that is how i feel on the inside. in actuality. i am composed, sitting at my desk, calmly typing while the minutes tick away but i show my rebellion by refusing to capitalize any letters in this post. only 15 minutes remain until i am eligible for parole. at such time my sentence will be reviewed. it will be decided whether or not i am to stay behind these walls another hour or be released early for good behaviour. tomorrow, i have the day off. i requested this in order to ready myself and my home for my visiting friend who i haven't seen in two years. i am looking forward to her visit and i am looking forward to a three day weekend. how much longer will i have to stay here? this will be determined by my finished-work to finished blog ratio. my inbox is almost empty but i am jonesing for the calming effect of collecting my thoughts and presenting them here, which is why i have chosen to extend my work day. my thoughts are calming, my thoughts are calmed............ blue.

 I have to stop a moment. I have to interrupt my workday to tell you how hard it is to get through this day without smoking. I am trying people. I am trying. I barely made it through yesterday. I finally broke during the break in trivia. I smoked a Parliament Light and it was wonderful. When I got home, I smoked a few of my Camel Lights. Also, wonderful. But I decided to see how long I could go again without another nail in my coffin. I was fine up until an hour ago and now that achiness that I get from not smoking has combined with the fluish achiness I've been living with for the last week to make me entirely achy, cranky and miserable and desirous of a cigarette. Maybe some chocolate would help.

 I only have two things to say about urlLink trivia from last night. 1) My team lost. We came in 5th. 2) I got rid of my urlLink FACT OR CRAP game. I volunteered it as a prize. The person who won the game was thrilled. But I'm even more thrilled to be rid of it.

 If you go to urlLink Tuesday Night Trivia tonight, I will see you there, I promise. ( tee hee hee ) (wink)

 Well. I am still sore about the neck and shoulders but I have pretty much lost that whoozy feeling that I described last night. I think I have escaped what the news has been reporting as the most deadly flu ever, ( aren't all flus the most deadly ever ) yet again. What I don't understand is this. If you have had the flu before, wouldn't your body have natural antibodies against the flu? I think that is the idea behind the flu vaccine. They collect different flu germs, mix them together into a vaccine and inject it into your body to help you develop antibodies against whatever new flu virus is out there. That is why I won't get the flu vaccine. I had it once as a kid and once as an adult. Will I get the flu again? Is it possible? Wouldn't having had it before put the same antibodies in my system as the vaccine that is currently running out? While we're on the subject of the vaccine, I heard this morning that the government supply of urlLink flu vaccine is running out. People are clammoring to their doctors' offices to get what remains. If this flu can kill people and the government and scientist know it, wouldn't it behoove them and everyone else to make enough for the entire population? So with this said why is BUSH even wasting his time on the SPAM bill? He is most likely going to urlLink sign it in in January this in if I heard my radio correctly this morning. I know SPAM is annoying but it's not a deadly virus with the potential to wipe out large parts of the elderly population.

 flu. i think i have the flu. i've been fighting it for the last week or so but it's a losing battle. the achiness is spreading from the top of my head to the middle of my back. my head feels woozy and my eyes are starting to burn. boy am i glad i was able to get my groceries and clean my house before this thing hit. it sucks to be sick in a dirty house with no groceries. if anybody is interested here is what i did tonight after i work. i went right to the grocery store (yes, the one where i used to work), picked out my favorites and arranged delivery. then I came home and wrote my rueful email. and then for no particular reason (other than being angry at the world) i started cleaning my house like a lunatic. i stopped when the groceries were delivered. i cleaned three heads of lettuce and socked them away. i ate a little sandwich and then continued cleaning my house. then i cleaned my face and now i'm doing another facial. this weather is brutal on my skin. pretty soon it will be time to peel off my mask and moisturize 'til all the dry is gone. oh.....here is the best part. i smoked. after not smoking all day...it felt great!!!! hey, maybe someone will surprise me and retore my faith in humanity but until then i remain misanthropically yours.

 Last night I went to see the movie urlLink Master and Commander which I recommend strongly. I don't care who you are or what your taste is in movies. You will enjoy this flick. On other weekend activities, I'm sorry to report that Jon and I did not get to go ice skating today at urlLink Wolman Rink . In spite of my previously written about reservations, I was actually looking forward to it. But the cold weather was just too daunting, encouraging us to stay inside and do crossword puzzles. But don't despair. We did get out and enjoy the crisp air. Jon and I went to a great restaurant on the UPPER WEST SIDE of Manhattan called urlLink Cafe Con Leche . The brunch was delicioso. I had the Mexican Omelet which came with salsa and guacamole. It was an omelet wrapped around tomatoes and peppers. I also two of the best cups of coffee I've had in weeks. Jon had the Try Our Eggs in a Hole. I'm sure you've made this yourselves. It's bread with a hole ripped in which you cook an egg. His was really good as it was served over the most delicious corned beef hash ever made. (i'm not exaggerating) After that, since we were already out and about, we decided to go to Central Park and see it's wintery beauty. And it was worth the cold toes and the red ears. The park was really beautiful. The fresh air was the fresh cold kind that makes your cheeks pink and makes your lungs feel clean and the people that were there were having a great time. Children sledding, people skiing, owners playing fetch with their happy dogs (using snowballs I think in some instances) and the reservoir was breathtaking. That is the first time I've been to snow covered urlLink Central Park and I wish I'd had my camera. I'm home now, eating lemon chicken soup from urlLink Pinnochio's in Astoria and trying to warm up my toes. I'm looking forward to watching urlLink ANGELS IN AMERICA tonight. After I get off line (it's 7 pm here), I'm going to plan my week ahead. My very good friend Lilo is coming into town this week and I want to get my house ready for her stay. I haven't seen her much since she moved to the west coast five years ago and I can't wait to see her this weekend. Stay warm and toasty. It's going to be a cold one tonight.

 My blog friend, urlLink Anonymous Blogger has recently been writing about dating. His most recent entry is about the excuses women give when they don't want to see him anymore. urlLink So, to sum up: 1. "No chemistry" - a lame "excuse" 2. "Let's be friends" - a lie (unless actually followed up with communication) I feel bad for the Anonymous Blogger because these are actually lies that people tell when they don't want to see someone again. But hopefully the following explanation will help to relieve some of his angst. The above terms are part of this society's unwritten social code. This is language that everyone understands. I think people say these things because they just don't have the heart to say to someone, "THE TRUTH IS I JUST DON'T LIKE YOU." or "YOU'RE NOT GOOD LOOKING ENOUGH FOR ME." or "I JUST FIND YOU BORING AND I DON'T SEE THIS GOING ANYWHERE." in the case of "No Chemistry". "Let's be friends" is the nice way to say, "You'll never hear from me again." Having to reject someone, if you are a nice person, is just an absolutely aweful thing to do. I would guess that if ANONYMOUS has been hearing "Let's be friends", he's probably been picking nice people to go out with. I want to tell him that he should keep trying. Eventually, he'll hit it off with someone. Finding someone to be with romantically is just more challenging for some people, myself included. Some people have it easy and G-d bless them but others just seem to have a harder time. Have faith. If there was someone out there for me, there definitely is someone out there for you. I won't give you that lame advice like "JOIN AN ACTIVITY YOU ENJOY DOING SO YOU'LL MEET LIKE MINDED PEOPLE" which of course will eventually lead to romance according to the sages who espouse this wisdom. Actually, in my case it was true, but it took years of joining different activities before I actually found like minded people and was able to reap the social benefits. I can only say, have patience. Everything works out in the end and that the urlLink FATES (those impetuous bitches) work in mysterious ways.

 I woke up early this morning, some residual insomnia from my insomnia days, when I used to wake up at 5 am (4 am daylight savings time) for absolutely no reason. So I blogged and then I watched WIT. In 2001 Emma Thompson, Mike Nichols and HBO made a movie out of the play WIT by Margaret Edson. The story is about a English Professor who is dying of Stage 4 ovarian cancer. It's a wonderful play, as wonderful as a play about death can be and the movie is my favorite produced by HBO. Watching it, I was reminded how upset I was at the Emmys for that year that Emma Thompson wasn't even nominated for her performance in the movie. I'm moved to tears everytime I watch the movie and the performance. Between the writing and acting, that movie should have won every available award. The play was given a lot of recognition and deservedly so. but why overlook the movie?

 Have you ever wondered what would have happened if the South won the Civil War? Well, on December 3, urlLink THE ONION posted an article about Antebellum Island where producers created a SURVIVOR type show that explores this idea. On finding a local the author of the article writes: urlLink Scouts chose a tropical location after they failed to find an island in the Mississippi River with enough land mass to sustain the manufacturing-based economy of a country that did not begin its transition from an agricultural society to a modern industrial society until the early 1900s. And on casting the show the writer says the producers said the following: urlLink "In casting the show, we looked for people who displayed adaptability, good judgment, and impeccable hospitality," Davies said. "But we wanted to let the contestants' personalities shape the show. We didn't just look to fill the typical slots: plantation owner, houseboy, carpetbagger, and Uncle Tom." urlLink urlLink

 Well dear fans, I just spent some time looking at another brilliant essay on the Lileks page. This one is a study of urlLink celery and it's effects on women's panties. In other words, for his fan base Mr. Lileks deconstructs the art work of Art Frahm. All I have to say is funny, funny, funny. Enjoy!!

 Happy First Snow! So, I guess the weathermen weren't full of shit for a change We have actually good snowman making snow. However, I'm sure many of you are thinking about how good this snow actually is for skiing as opposed to building snowmen. Maybe, tomorrow, I'll go head over to urlLink BOHEMIAN HALL , one of the country's few remaining beer gardens and urlLink build a snowman while drinking urlLink BEER .

 urlLink Happy Birthday and welcome to the mid-thirties. It's actually a pretty comfortable place to be and I wish you good health and much further success.

 from Jon : =================================================== Just to show you how juvenile a workplace I'm in, today a story came over the wire, about the urlLink 425 million-year-old penis . An editor called out, "That's some missing link!" Simultaneously, and I do mean in perfect unison, a co-worker and I shouted "Missing dink!"

 I find the best shizzle* on urlLink Vidiot' s shizzle*. This is a link for the urlLink Bush Background Generator . If you are wondering what it does, here is a urlLink sample generated for and by me. *I'm not really sure what shizzle is but it seemed like the right word to use.

 Here is another gem from my friend, the urlLink VIDIOT . Try the urlLink Church Sign Generator and create your own church sign!

 Happy Birthday Mr. Pryor. I wish you physical comfort and happiness. Thank you for your honesty and gift of comedy. I learned from reading urlLink Margaret Cho's (one of my favourite comedienne) web log that today is Richard Prior's birthday. On her blog, she writes an open letter wishing him a happy b-day and celebrating the positive influence he's had on her life. I learned from reading urlLink telescreen.org the other day that Ms. Cho keeps a blog. I was so excited to learn this, I visited, wrote her (or her manager rather) for permission to link to her site, which I was granted. It's a pretty good site (not that she needs my help to promote her). You should check it out if you haven't already. On it, she lists press she's received, her upcoming schedule, interesting publicity photos and most interestingly her daily thoughts. Thanks for sharing, Margaret Cho. I'm glad to include you in my daily blogscape.

 Just another day in New York City. It was a little bit warmer today which can only mean one thing; a change in the weather is comin'. Yes. Warmer weather usually means precipitation of some sort or another. Wouldn't you know it? There is snow in our urlLink forecast . Just in time for the weekend. Jon and I are planning on going ice skating on Sunday so snow would make that just a little bit more fun. Of course, I can't ice skate. In spite of years of trying at the Long Beach ice skating rink, I still haven't mastered the art of gliding on two thin blades. Maybe that one rollerblading lesson I took two summers ago will kick in and keep from falling on my already tender ass. I'll let you know.

 The weather outside is frightful. Inside too, since my heat isn't working. I am always amazed at the number of people who turn out for the ceremonial urlLink Christmas Tree Lighting every year at Rockefeller Centre. I used to have a job in the International Building (the one with statue of ATLAS in front). At that job, our Holiday parties were scheduled around the tree lighting so we could all watch it from the comfort of our office. You would think that it would be exciting except all that's really happening is someone is turning on a switch that engages the lights and the tree lights up. Oh yeah and people sing and ice skate as well. There's no special arrangement of the lights as they seem to be strewn in a haphazard fasion. It's pretty much the same every year. Now I know this entry isn't doing much to promote NYC tourism. Please, if you like tree lightings this is the ultimate event. But I wonder how much fun it is for the 99,000 other people that gather that aren't standing right at the edge overlooking the ice skating rink. The crowds extend all the way to Radio City Music Hall and beyond. And people gather and wait for hours on end. On a day like today, that's dedication. The Christmas Tree lighting I'm looking forward to this year is the one in urlLink Madison Square Park . The tree is standing there already, undressed and waiting, in the middle of the drained fountain. Around the tree, someone arranged 6 smaller trees which I imagine are going to be decorated as well. I guess I feel less bad that a tree was ripped out the ground when it has smaller trees to keep it company. I never understood the impulse to rip a tree out of it's natural environment to transport it indoors or in the middle of Park from where it doesn't come. Don't feel bad for me if it seems like I'm not in the Christmas spirit. It's not really my holiday and doesn't mean much more to me than some days off and more crowds in the street. With that said, there really isn't anything prettier than urlLink Christmas in New York City . Just when I think I've been here too long and I can't take another Yuletide season, I see some new pretty decoration in some beautiful lobby and I'm reminded that artists are generous and kind. And people do seem a little nicer.

 Thanks to the urlLink VIDIOT , I learned of a fun website called urlLink Astonishing tales where I was able to generate a screenplay based on my website. You should definitely give it a try. If you would like to see how my website's screen play turned out, urlLink click here .

 Wow. Last night was bitterly, bitterly cold but that did not effect the warmth and affection of the crowd last night at the urlLink Baggott Inn . ( Actually, last night's crowd was a little warmer than usual and by warmer, I mean rowdier. ) 10 teams carved out of about 50 people drank and ate pizza as the evening's festivities were lead by urlLink Caren Lissner . With her usual aplomb Ms. Lissner welcomed the crowd and explained the rules before introducing her co-host, Rich Appel. If you don't already know, the game is divided into five categories; General Knowledge, Current Events, Top Ten, Audio and Visual. During each round the hosts offer 10 questions which have to be answered on answer sheets. Being a team effort whispering is encouraged when discussing answers. After the first three rounds, the papers are traded, the hosts announce the answers and the papers are graded. The hosts do a tally at the end of all of this and announce the standings. Then the last two rounds are presented. Usually the guest host, takes three categories. Last night was no exception. Rich started the game by reading 10 general knowledge questions which Caren followed with current events and the top ten list. Questions I remember are . . . I don't remember any specific questions but the top ten list was . . . uh . . . oh shoot! Oh yes. The top ten list was from the year 2000 what cities' airports led the nation in arrivals and departures. I'm sure you will be surprised to learn that NEW YORK was not in the top 10. My team. Well, I wasn't my usual diligent self this week and I did not send out my usual invititations to the usual suspects so I was at the mercy of the Trivia gods with regards to my team. This worked out well. Playing on my team were popular co-host Mike, Sarah, Graham, Corey, Sandy, Elliot and me. We did well. By the end of Round 1 we were in the lead with 20 points. This might not seem like a lot but considering the most you can get are 30 by the end of round 1 and considering we were leading by 5 points, I think that was pretty good. It all changed in round 2. And this I remember well. The audio round were 10 very quick sound bytes. The part of each song that Rich chose for us was the 1-2-3 count down of 10 random songs. I think our team only got 3 out 10. The visual round were still shots from 10 old game shows. We didn't too badly on that round but still, we felt our lead was in danger. We came in second place when all was said and done, edged out by one point by a married couple that played splendidly. All in all, it was a good evening. The walk to the subway afterwards was bitterly cold and I fear that my achiness today results from that; flu achiness I'm afraid. Keep your fingers crossed that it's just nervous tension making me sore and not that flu that I imagine is starting to get around.

 sunny partly cloudy cloudy hail snow partly cloudy sunny clear and dark

 Perhaps by now you've all figured out which flower you are most like (see below). Perhaps by now, you are just waking up. Perhaps by now, you have worked at least 6. 5 hours of your 8 hour workday and you are ready to go home, get out of your clothes and get into bed. Perhaps by now, you remember without my having to tell you that urlLink Tuesday Night Trivia is happening again at the Baggott Inn. Hope to see you there.

 To finish off the four day weekend, Jon and I went to the urlLink American Museum of the Moving Image (AMMI) in Astoria. I wanted to show him the screen test for Linda Blair's makeup from the Exorcist (very scary). You've all seen that, right? Excellent, excellent footage, but alas, it was gone. I wanted to show him the SEINFELD diner set. Gone. That was the museum's main draw for quite a while. But it was gone, gone, gone. In it's place, was displayed, on loan from Robert DeNiro's personal collection, wardrobe he has saved from various movies he's worked on. That sounds cool, right? But wait. Think about it. Not only has this man saved outfits he will never wear again but he loaned them to a museum for display. What exciting outfits were there you might be asking yourself? How about Mr Deniro's bathrobe from Awakenings or his pants from Godfather II. Even more exciting, one of his suits from Analyze That. But most exciting of all for me was a before and after version of a peach silk jacket from the movie CASINO. The before jacket was in pristine condition, the after version was "distressed", ripped and torn at the sleeve and a little bit dirty. Why save this? I don't know. Before we went, I checked the AMMI site to see what special exhibits there might be. I was excited to learn that TIM BURTON's drawings were being shown. And they were exciting to see....all 12 of them. I'm sure he's drawn more, but the museum was only able to secure 12. They were able to get practically DeNiro's entire film wardrobe collection but only 12 Burton drawings. The most ridiculous display had to be the STAR TREK figurines behind glass. It looked like someone ran down to KAYBEE toy store on Steinway, bought some figurines and shoved them under the glass as a last minute solution to the curator's problems. There were some fun, interactive exhibits on the third floor which teach about the history and technique of film making and animation. For example. You can animate a 10 second cartoon...dub a movie...lay down a soundtrack...animate a face...pose in front of a blue screen... That's worth the whole trip.They also have a real nice collection of old film cameras and sound equipment and televisions and some real neat old footage of different films and tv shows on display throughout the museum. and some of the permanent collection, is alright. It's also worth a visit if you're interested in seeing some old films on the big screen and speaking with the directors of those films. I do believe Mr. Scorcese has been partipating in some PINEWOOD Dialogues. Check out their website for more information.

 While simultaneously blogging and folding laundry, I am also getting ready to go out tonight. Tonight, urlLink Jon and I are going to see the movie Big Fish. I'm looking forward to this. We are going with a couple of friends. After my self imposed imprisonment this week due to the cold weather, it's going to be nice to hang out with some new people. Tomorrow, there will be more of that as I am going to a party. Go SOCIAL LIFE!!!!!

 Yes. I did my incredibly large load of laundry today. As I suspected the laundromat was full of people hogging up the driers. As a matter of fact, there were four women there doing their family's laundry together. When I put laundry in the incredibly large $5 machine, almost all of the driers were full. By the time my laundry was almost dry, they had emptied almost all of the driers and walked out with 8 full sacks of laundry. That was probably the worst and most selfish drier usage I've seen yet, in my days of doing laundry. I learned today that washing all your clothes in one machine is just as effective as washing it in many different machines. My laundry was sorted by whites, blacks, greens and blues, browns, oranges, purples and red which is usually how I do it. Today, I wasn't in the mood to fight for a small machine so that's why I chose the SUPERLOADER. It paid off. I saved at least $10 and it took less time. I saved more time by not folding my laundry there. Granted I had to spend the time folding at my house, but getting out of that zoo was a priority. Also, I ran into my lovely neighbor from next door which made the time go by even faster. The best part is that all of clothes are clean and April fresh.

 Are you having trouble deciding urlLink which candidate supports your own political stance? There's no need to worry any longer. With the help of urlLink PresidentialMatch.com , suggested by urlLink Jon , you can answer a questionaire which will direct you to the candidate best suited to your own political needs. I was surprised to learn that urlLink Kerry matched my requirements 100 per cent.

 What's the least practical object you can think of using to get your car out of a honking pile of snow? Champagne glass? Swing set? The Sunday Times? An empty can of Coke? An inflatable doll? An ironing board? Well, if you guessed ironing board you would have not been alone. This morning when I took out the trash, and smoked my first cigarette of the morning outside to keep my house spring time fresh, a man was shoveling his car out from under a huge a pile of snow with an ironing board he found leaning against the tree in front of my building. I watched him as he tirelessly removed about 5% of the snow barricading his car into the drift. I was amused when he got back in the car and tried to get out by shifting ever so slightly back and forth trying to get over the two foot high snowy lump blocking his tire. I was even more amused when he got back out of the car and walked back over to the ironing board and attempted to clear away another 5% of the offending pile. When I got back in the house I could hear his car revving madly against the forces of nature as he started the cycle of futility all over again. Honestly, whatever happened to kids shoveling snow for extra money? Oh yes, that's right, they have become the latest target of muggers that find earnest hard working preteens easy victims of their malicious crimes. In the urlLink latest story out of Long Island, I heard these monstrous bullies/criminals walked away with a huge booty of $28.00. If only those kids could have been here this morning to help that guy out. But then I wouldn't have had this amusing story.

 urlLink From French News.com Bastard Chocolates from Brussels A well-known chocolatier from the Tarn has created a 40kg bust of Nicolas Sarkozy in protest against the European commission directive permitting the sale of chocolate containing vegetable oil, as chocolate. Why Nicolas Sarkozy? Because the chef duvre was supposed to be delivered on Saint-Nicolas day. Unfortunately, although the chocolatier Yves Thuris convoyed his statue to Paris in person, it only reached the deputy prime minister in the New Year as he has been rushing about all over the place as usual. The big beef is that, since August 2003, 5% vegetable oil may be added to chocolate without being mentioned in the ingredients. This is imitation chocolate, a fish finger of a chocolate, thundered Monsieur Thuris. There should be an indication on the packet. It is the beginning of all sorts of bastardisations. It is as if beetroot juice could be secretly added to wine or margarine to butter. Before there is too much muttering about bloody Brussels, it should be recalled that the ungastronomic nature of the chocolate directive has to be laid at the door of the British government who, some ten years ago or more, successfully fought for the right to preserve intact their own hallowed gourmet names in milk chocolate, complete with secret soap ingredient.

 I wasn't entirely happy with the photo I posted last time of my brother and me so I took it down to rework it. I did the best I could. I cropped out the white space leaving only the roller streaked image that I originally scanned. Here we are. My brother (the new dad) and me, nearly four years ago on the day of his wedding.

 My readership is up. According to Extreme Tracking, this January I've had over 1600 visits, up from 800 in August. It goes up every month. I wonder if when I finally do write my book, I can use these figures as part of my pitch.

 Friday night is finally here and I can finally breath a sigh of relief. For two days, my time is my own. Friday night is the night I clean, but cleaning is so boring. I wish there were some way I could blog and clean at the same time. I guess I'll just have to resort to catching up with someone on the phone while I clean. I want to clean tonight so I don't have to worry about it this weekend. Do you remember last week I said I was going to sort and do my laundry? Well, I never did it. So now, I am out of socks, practically out of underwear and the last thing I want to do tonight is go to the Laundromat. So, I will do what I did last week. I will clean the house tonight and get the laundry ready to do in the wee hours of the morning. At my 24 hour Laundromat I'll be able to get a really early start, before the women with big families come and hog up all the driers and large load machines. My Laundromat is cool in that if you do your wash in entirely cold water, you save 25 cents. Unfortunately, I can't afford to drop it off this week. Somehow, I'm always out of money by the end of the month. I'm going to have find another way to supplement my income. Does anyone have any ideas that don't require me to work hard, leave my house or turn off my television or computer? Yeah, I didn't think so. My how I'm rambling. I must feel really comfortable with you all. You bring it out of me. I feel so much better now. Thanks for listening. You're the best. You always make me feel like I'm the only person in the room.

 Here is this week's urlLink Friday Five . You have just won one million dollars: 1. Who do you call first? My mother. 2. What is the first thing you buy for yourself? New shoes. 3. What is the first thing you buy for someone else? A house for my friend Maria and her family. 4.Do you give any away? If yes, to whom? Yes. My parents. 5. Do you invest any? If so, how? Yes. Real Estate and art.

 I've been listed on Hatch's list of urlLink Slice of Life Blogs .

 According to urlLink Extra in a story about urlLink The Apprentice , Donald Trump's executive search/reality show, Donald Trump says that sex does sell. urlLink Meanwhile, knowing that sex sells, the women turn to the oldest trick in the book. But will it backfire? Of course, the woman-worshipping Trump says, "Since when don't women use their sexual appeal?" But in the real business world, do women try to woo Trump, and does it work? Trump says, "Absolutely and absolutely, they have used it and it works." Thanks for the reality check, Mr. Trump. The Apprentice airs tonight on NBC, 9 pm EST.

 None of the great things that were supposed to happen today according to my horoscope happened today. Bummer

 My sinuses are so dry They are hurting my eyes which are burning from the pressure of my shrinking sinuses. Self indulgent, yes But an update, none the less.

 Virgo Horoscope Thu Jan. 29, 2004 urlLink by Astrocenter.com Whatever projects you've been working on, dear Virgo, perhaps job-related, perhaps personal enterprises, are apt to finally come to a head at this time. Success is definitely in the wind, along with a marked increase in income and acknowledgment from those who matter. This of course is going to boost your confidence, not to mention your mood. You might already be fired with plans for new trails to blaze. Try to stay down to earth. You won't want to miss anything!

 I was just thinking this morning, as I trudged over the snow covered ice ridden sidewalks of Astoria, how cool it would be if civil engineers could design a city where the sidewalks were heated from underneath, preventing ice and snow from sticking to the sidewalks.

 urlLink Singer James Brown, the "Godfather of Soul," has been arrested on domestic assault charges at his home in South Carolina in the United States, police said. Brown, 70, was taken into custody in the morning by officers called to his residence in Beech Island, Aiken County.

 I thought it was cold here, going down to single digits with the wind chill factor. Reading urlLink Human Mishaps and Oddities , a blog out of Minnesota, I realize now that we have it good here. During the day today, A experienced temperatures of -11 degrees. We haven't had temperatures like that except for in the evenings when I'm inside snug as a bug in a rug. Today actually wasn't as cold as it's been. My bank run wasn't as cruel and unusual as it has been due to the biting weather. There were no celebrity spottings today, which now I'm looking for. I didn't tell you, but the other day, last week before my Alex Baldwin sighting, cutting across 32nd street I saw Brad Pitt bundled up standing in front of a little hotel. I couldn't see his full face but I could tell by the eyes. The eyes gave him away. The daily walk has been good for me. It's forcing me to get in that exercise you're supposed to get every day. Maybe something good will come out of it, like my getting into shape or dare I say, losing weight.

 Walked out onto a winter landscape. Nearly a foot of snow. It's hard to believe that those gentle little flakes could wreak such havic.

 The Academy announced it's contendors for Oscars. While I'm writing this, I have Entertainment Tonight blaring on the TV. ET seems surprised that Nicole Kidman was snubbed for her performance in Cold Mountain. I have to say, having seen the movie, I'm not surprised. As much as I like her, it wasn't her best performance and she and Jude Law didn't have much on screen chemistry. Renee Z. should win for her performance because she went beyond the range we've seen from her to now. Although I've heard wonderful things about the performance by Shohreh Aghdashloo in House of Sand and Fog. I'm hoping that Sofia Coppola wins for directing Lost in Translation but it's naive to believe she'll win over Peter Jackson for Lord of the Rings. I hope Lord of the Rings wins for best picture. I believe it was the best picture. Below are the nominees. Best Actor Johnny Depp Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl Ben Kingsley House of Sand and Fog Jude Law Cold Mountain Bill Murray Lost in Translation Sean Penn Mystic River Best Actress Keisha Castle-Hughes Whale Rider Diane Keaton Something's Gotta Give Samantha Morton In America Charlize Theron Monster Naomi Watts 21 Grams Best Supporting Actor Alec Baldwin The Cooler Benicio Del Toro 21 Grams Djimon Hounsou In America Tim Robbins Mystic River Ken Watanabe The Last Samurai Best Supporting Actress Shohreh Aghdashloo House of Sand and Fog Patricia Clarkson Pieces of April Marcia Gay Harden Mystic River Holly Hunter Thirteen Rene Zellweger Cold Mountain Best Director Sofia Coppola Lost in Translation Clint Eastwood Mystic River Peter Jackson The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King Fernando Meirelles City of God Peter Weir Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World Best Picture The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King Lost in Translation Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World Mystic River Seabiscuit

 Just so you know, I had to wait 15 minutes at 28th street for an N train while Q, W and R trains came and went. It makes me want to fall down on my knees and scream up towards the rainy heavens while a cameraman on a cherry picker truck zooms out and yell, "WHYYYYYY?" (that above image is supposed to make you think of William Defoe on his knees in Platoon)

 When I left the office at 6:15 small pellets of hail were falling from the sky. When I left the subway at 6:45 snow flakes the size of silver dollars were falling from the sky and at least 1/2 inch had already accumulated. I guess the weathermen weren't full of shit afterall.

 Dean's passion seems to inspire passion. Reading urlLink A Violently Executed Blog I learned that Al Franken knocked down someone heckling urlLink Howard Dean at a rally yesterday. He did it more to support Howard Dean's right to free speech than as a show of support for Howard Dean himself. urlLink Franken said he's not backing Dean but merely wanted to protect the right of people to speak freely. "I would have done it if he was a Dean supporter at a Kerry rally," he said. If I had known politics was this exciting, I still would not have chosen to go into it.

 Is it still Tuesday? Am I still sitting at this desk? Are there really three full days left in this work week? Is it really NOT snowing yet? Are those weathermen full of s*#%? Is that bottle of Corvoisier still sealed?

 I just went on another bank run. Not the usual leisurely stroll. This check came in at 2:30 so I had to rush on over to the bank before 3pm closing. I decided to cut over to Park on 30th Street this time. Do you know who I saw, pacing up and down the sidewalk talking on his cell phone? Alec Baldwin. Completely random sighting. I've seen him before, when I was handing out headsets for the hearing impaired at Annie Get Your Gun when it was playing at the Marriot Marquis on Broadway. He walked into the lobby, natural as anything, with a big smile on his face and nobody went up to him, except for these two young girls. He very nicely put his arms around their shoulders and posed with them for their photo albums. An usher took their pictures for them. Now, I just saw him, wearing an illfitting overcoat, looking like the most regular guy you would want to see. And he is as tall as he looks on screen and he's much better looking in person. I like Alec Baldwin. He's a real down to earth kind of guy.

 A vendor comes by our office once a week with goodies trying to get our business. Today he brought us a box of urlLink Godiva Chocolatier Biscuits which are chocolate dipped pirouettes, a high end version of urlLink Pocky. Every week, this nice man brings us something delicious and every week we do not give him business and we probably never will. His prices always come in higher than everyone else when presenting estimates. But even though we never give him any business he still comes every week with some box of goodies. I guess working in production has it's perks. Also, our designer gave me a nice bottle of cognac someone had given him. I'll have to remember to take that home tonight.

 no title today . Still no title. i just woke up. woke up a little more in the subway. i don't know what to wear i'm wearing my snow flake sweater in honor of the upcoming storm. i have to leave in five minutes. bathed last night, so stop freakin', made it out of the house by 5 after 8. this weather sucks. this weather sucks.

 Did you see the Golden Globes last night? Les testicles d'or? (that's not really the french translation so calm down) The show was good, straightforward, awards for performing, composing and writing. I was disappointed that they parodied that OUTKAST song that is so cool and fun to listen to. That will be the new movie trailer song. That will be the new soundtrack to everything that is supposed to fun and lightheared. That will be the new background music to commercials for Chevy pickup trucks and Babies' pullup potty training diapers. I was glad to see that Renee Zelwegger's performance in Cold Mountain was duely recognized. I was very happy for Bill Murray who not only deserved the Golden Globe but also deserves an Oscar for his performance in Lost in Translation. Sofia Coppola earned her award as well. At least, I think she won. I was out cold some time after Bill Murray's funny speech. About the fashion. I didn't really see any dress that I didn't like with the exception of Nicole Kidman's. That dress was odd. I thought Diane Keaton looked the best in her white tuxedo dress accessorized with pearls and white satin gloves. I'm glad she won as well. She's always funny and never disappoints.

 Construction workers are erecting scaffolding in front of my work building. They just took down the wall they had built to keep us from falling into the giant hole in the sidewalk that was there for 2 months. For two months, we have been forced to walk on that narrow strip of sidewalk in all kinds of weather. When the sidewalk was icy, I clung on to that wall for dear life while trying not to fall down and get in the way of the other people walking single file behind me. The presence of scaffolding means that the sidewalk will be open and protected from the onslaught of future bad weather. I will be able to walk on to the right and not worry about people walking into me from the other direction again. It also means that my building continues to be renovated and that more noise will no doubt be added to my daily, aural landscape.

 Today is Monday, Monday, Monday It will be a fun day, fun day All day long. I just got back from my daily bank run and baby, it's cold out there. It's wet and cold. My eyes are still recovering. I think my sinuses froze a little.

 Today is Ethan's bris. Poor kid.

 Are you tired of reading about my Saturday yet? I hope not because here comes more. After setting up the pot roast, I decided to catch up on some pampering. I did the facial thing. Then I did the bath thing. Today's bath was a little bit complicated. First the hair. Fine. Done. Then the washing. Fine. Done. Then there was the scrubbing with the sea salt scrub. Harsh but done. The sea salt scrub also has oils in it so moisturizing was done at the same time. Bathing done, I lathered on more moisturizer and then applied the smallest drop of lavendar oil. Yes. I am clean, relaxed and soft. It's a good thing.

 Saturday. I spent the morning renovating my blog. And then I took a most wonderful and plentiful deep, deep nap. I love napping. What could be better than a nap on an icy cold Saturday afternoon? Nothing. Now, it's 6:15pm, January 24th, 2004. I cleaned my house as promised and sorted my laundry. Now, I'm doing my favorite weekend activity. Cooking. All day I have been defrosting a roast. I rubbed yummy spices into it and then seared it for 10 minutes in the broiler. After which I put it in the pot with onions, peppers, tomatoes, potatoes and carrots. It's cooking right now. What spices did I use? Cumin, black pepper, white pepper and salt. It smells great and promises to be delicious or so I hope. Pot roast. Yum. What's next for my Saturday off? I still have to put away some paperwork and pamper self as I was too tired to do it last night.

 It's quite early Saturday morning. The television is playing the news. The weather man just announced "Just when you thought January was putting on a good show for winter, it's going to kick it up a notch." or something like that. More cold weather this weekend. More snow. I miss the mild winters we've been having. Yesterday, for work, I did some errands that required me to walk, a lot. I was told to take a taxi but there were no taxis to be had. I didn't mind running the errands because they were quite necessary. One of our clients needed something and the best solution was a personal delivery. I walked from 26th and Madison, across town to 27th Street and 7th Avenue. The printer/mailhouse was incredible. Boxes and boxes and boxes of mailings to be mailed were everywhere. The smell of ink dominated. I packed up the envelopes and inserts our client needed. Then I headed back out. This time up to 38th between Broadway and Fifth. Normally, not a bad walk but the cold made it unbearable. I walked up sixth avenue or Avenue of the Americas with an eye out for a taxi. There are two things you should know about New York. Most cabs choose to go up town on sixth and you can never get a cab on sixth avenue. So, I ended up walking the half mile or so to my next destination. When I got there, I was more than happy to wait inside to deliver my package. But then it was time to go out again. This time to 32nd and Park Avenue. I thought walking down 36th would present an opportunity to catch a cab but there were none available. By the time I got to 36th and Fifth I resolved that I would just walk the rest of the way and I'm glad I did. Between Madison and Park on 36th Street, there is a beautiful building that looks like a miniature version of the New York Public Library. It looked closed, unused and in front were two lionesses, on either side of the main stairs enclosed in glass. If it were warmer I would have gone over and investigate because I'm not familiar with the building. It is most likely part of the building complex for the urlLink Morgan Pierpont Library , most likely the original building, because the address matches the website I found in my internet search. Once I hit Park Avenue I knew I was home free, I walked to my next destination, the bank and made the deposit. When I was finished, I called my boss who told me that pizza had been ordered for lunch and can I pick it up. So, it was one more trip in the cold. I headed over to 31st and Madison and waited in the very nice smelling and warm restaurant for our pizza. Walking it back to the office was tricky but it didn't slide and the pizza was perfect. Finanlly back at the office, we all ate the pizza at our meeting. It was all worth it. The client was happy and I slept really well last night.

 urlLink Amanda wrote that she would like to see pictures of the mosaics at 28th Street on the Broadway line. So, I googled " 28th Street Mosaics New York City " and sure enough I found a site with pictures of all of those odd images I wrote about in a post earlier this week. Link urlLink here and see if you can figure out what the images are supposed to be. The site offers no explanation.

 I recently received my own SPAM SCAM email and I would like to share it with you. I notice that Barrister John David is often mentioned in these letters. Do not be surprised to receive this email. I am Engineer Bosco Jacobs, presently suffering from acute cancer of the ear and only have access to the Internet. I was formerly married to a lovely wife who died without children and in order to immortalize my name I seek your assistance. I was a business tycoon involved in illicit trade and became very successful in all areas of my life. Based on the success of my business, I was able to acquire wealth amounting to millions of US Dollars, and due to the nature of my business I can't declare my wealth to the government to avoid persecution and have decided to give to charitable organizations and reliable individuals to help the needy. I had in the past donated substantial amount of dollars to individuals, groups and governments for similar purposes especially in poor countries of Africa and other continents. I equally deposited the sum of $37.5M (thirty-seven million five hundred thousand US dollars) with a security company in HOLLAND . This security company, is a world wide finance and security company in collaboration with ''Diplomatic Express Courier Services'' that helps in the shipment of valuable goods out of the country through a Diplomatic means, hereby delivering funds packaged in Consignment and delivered to the recipient. Please, we need to move these funds out of this country within a short period of time from now, I will need you to immediately send my lawyer your full names, name of organization, full address, telephone number as well fax number. The funds are already packaged in consignments and ready for shipment and it can also be transfered to you. These information are required by the security company so that they will start up all the necessary process on how the funds will get to you. Be informed that as soon as this funds are in your possession, You'll hear from me soon. Please endeavor to reply me, to meet you in Holland and please put me in prayers, so we can discuss more and know ourselves better. I will await to hear from you. I have discussed with my lawyer on what to do with the funds. Kindly discuss further with him. This is the contact of the lawyer email address xxxxx@xxxxx.xxx He lives in Holland his name is BARRISTER JOHN DAVID. You have to act fast so that u can get these documents from him on time. Thanks in anticipation for your co-operation and understanding. ENGINEER BOSCO JACOBS

 My Phase is Ate urlLink Which Phase of the Greek Tragic Cycle Are You? urlLink Take More of Robert & Tim's Quizzes urlLink Watch Robert & Tim's Cartoons

 Hecate urlLink ?? Which Of The Greek Gods Are You ?? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 urlLink Captain Kangaroo passed away today in Vermont.

 Here is this week's urlLink Friday Five . Be sure to visit there and join the fun. At this moment, what is your favorite... 1. ...song? You Light Up My Life 2. ...food? Pickles 3. ...tv show? urlLink The Daily Show with Jon Stewart . 4. ...scent? My boyfriend's aftershave 5. ...quote? Today I very much like the urlLink Serenity Prayer. God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference.

 Listening to news this morning I heard J Lo's name several times with regard to her break up with Ben Affleck. I thought I was dreaming last night when they announced this news on Access Hollywood. Actually, I thought that they were replaying the news story about the cancellation of their wedding. I was under the impression that the end of the wedding is the end of the relationship. So now I find it amusing that it's news they broke up. Also, are we really, as a society in such a rush that we can no longer call her Jennifer Lopez. Is it really so hard to say her full name? I have not heard her referred to as Jennifer Lopez in one single news story. Honestly, it takes 1 full second longer.

 Has anyone seen the bizarre mosaics in the 28th St. station at Broadway? If anyone knows what they are supposed to represent, please let me know. I understand the hats at 23rd Street, the performers at the Lincoln Center stop, the penguins at the Central Park stop. But I can't even identify the pictures at the 28th Street stop.

 Thursday never felt more like Friday than it did today. The cold weather just makes everything more tiring, more stressful, more challenging, more obstacle ridden. Putting on a happy face in the face of bad weather conditions is tiring. I just don't like this weather. I can't get into it. Tomorrow is Friday. And I'm looking forward to the weekend. My house is overdue for a good cleaning. My laundry is piling up. My paperwork is reproducing faster than a couple of horny bunnies. My face is overdue for a facial. My hair is overdue for a deep conditioning. So that is what I will do starting tomorrow night. Friday night I will clean,sort my laundry, give myself a facial and deep conditioning. This is not the post I wanted to post right now. I had some time to think about a good entry on the subway as it was crawling towards Astoria. I'm writing this just to write, to stay in the habit, to practice making interesting what is not interesting. Now, I remember, what I was going to post. In the subway, while I was daydreaming, the lyrics to this song came into my head. Can you name that tune? Here I stand the goddess of desire Set men on fire I have this power Morning, noon and night it's drink and dancing Some quick womancing and den a shower Stage door Johnnies constantly sawound me They always hound me with one wequest Who can satisfy their wustful habit I'm not a wabbit I need some weeeeeeeeeee (breath) eeeest.

 The dog run at Madison Square Park is a solid sheet of ice but the dogs don't seem to mind. Other things noticed: A bull dog wearing a black sweater vest. A black knit hat with a pocket in the front. The colder the weather gets, the slower the subways run. People don't like to be stared at, spoken to or rubbed up against in the subway. The cold weather gives people something to talk about other than sports or politics. I'm looking forward to watching urlLink The Apprentice tonight.

 There was a great turnout last night for urlLink Drinking and Thinking . The best round was definitely Janet's last on espionage with questions ranging from difficulty from who played Harriet the Spy's nanny in the movie version of the beloved book to the actualy birthplace of Mata Hari. Janet opened with a round of questions based on John Waters . That round was a lot of fun and educational. I learned two new words: frottage and copraphogia. My music round featured diverse musicians from the most diverse of New York City's five boroughs, Queens. In my visual round, teams had to identify the Harrison Ford movie from the movie poster from which I removed all traces of the names of the movies (of course). I also had a literature round where I named 3 or 4 characters from a book and teams had to name the book and the author. That turned out to be more difficult than I thought. Some people told me they didn't like the round because it was too hard and others really liked it. I'd say then that the round was a great success. Thanks to all who turned out and be sure to come again next week. urlLink The Dawn Patrol 's Dawn Eden will be co-hosting with Janet.

 It's the middle of the middle day. I am sitting at the front desk. There is a meeting going on in the conference room behind me. I am reconstructing an important file that somehow became corrupted yesterday and it's taking quite a while. I needed to take a mental stroll, to get away from it for a minute and found myself walking here. Imagine that. I am pretty psyched about tonight. This will be my first time co-hosting at urlLink Dempsey's and I hope I follow urlLink Jon well. He co-hosted last week and he did a great job.

 I'm not really good at talking about politics. I really try to listen when people explain different things to me; when a news story comes on the radio; even during the joke news on the Daily Show. I don't really understand what the Iowa caucus is or was or how it works. I don't understand why it's such a big deal; why it gets so much coverage; if it is fair predictor of what is going to happen during the election year. But I do know this. urlLink Howard Dean is losing it. I hope he has PR people or spin doctors or whatever we are calling image consultants these days. And I hope they are telling him to lay low for a while. That ARRRRGGGGHHHHH heard around the word is going to hurt him. With that said, you really do have to appreciate his enthusiasm and his urlLink state naming ability . He is good to his supporters. Showing enthusiasm in the face of defeat, rallying his troops to follow him to the states he mentioned, I guess.

 I am an Intellectual urlLink Which America Hating Minority Are You? urlLink Take More Robert & Tim Quizzes urlLink Watch Robert & Tim Cartoons

 It's Tuesday. It's 5:45 pm. It's New York City. It's cold outside. It's time for urlLink Tuesday Night Trivia . It's unlikely that I'll be going to the bar tonight. Tomorrow is Wednesday. Tomorrow will be warmer. Tomorrow night is urlLink Drinking and Thinking Tomorrow night I'm co-hosting at urlLink Dempsey's Pub . Yesterday was Monday. Yesterday was very, very cold. Yesterday, afterwork, I went out with Jon. Yesterday, we saw urlLink Bad Santa , the funniest movie ever made. Okay, enough with that format. urlLink Jon and I saw Bad Santa last night and laughed until we ached. We then walked down the street a little bit and had a wonderful dinner at urlLink Rectangles in the East Village. We braved the cold a little bit more by walking over to the Virgin Record Store at Union Square. I was pretty wiped out by that time and had to leave Jon there. Though going into the store did provide a nice respit from the agonizing cold. Why was I wiped out? Because I was walking very carefully to avoid slipping again which required a lot of concentration because I was also trying to walk fast because it was very cold. The combination was just tiring.

 I'm leaving this as a marker for previous feminist of the day comments. This way you can leave fresh comments for the new feminist of the day.

 Today is Monday, Monday, Monday. It will be a fun day, fun day. All day long. -------------------------------------------------------------------- It has already been a fun day. What could be more fun than falling on your ass in public? I slipped on the ice while crossing Broadway at 23rd St.. While getting off the street and climbing on to the curb, I lost my footing and went down. Ice is everywhere. It's pretty bad. We could use a good thaw. -------------------------------------------------------------------- I already told you what I did on urlLink Saturday . -------------------------------------------------------------------- SUNDAY I had a wonderful brunch at urlLink Josephina , near urlLink Lincoln Center with urlLink Jon and Sandy. Really, really nice place to go, even on a bad weather day. My goat cheese omelet was really, really, good. -------------------------------------------------------------------- After brunch we saw urlLink Cold Mountain at the Lowes at Lincoln Center. Not bad. Not great but not bad. The theater was packed and people were applauding as the credits started to role. I heard people sniffling because of how moved they were by the story. I was not so moved. And that's all I have to say about that.

 My little brother is a father. It is both weird and wonderful. I remember when my mother was pregnant with him. I remember helping her tie her shoes or at least trying to because I was too little to actually do it, because her big pregant tummy prevented her from bending. I remember staying with the babysitter the night he was born. I remember waking up before my parents in the mornings and watching him sleep and wanting to touch him. He was my friend at first. Then, for years, he was my pesky little brother. Then at some point, over the years, he became a source of never ending support and tireless inspiration, sometimes behaving like an older brother and I love him for it. My mother always used to say,"Treat your brother nicely. One day he'll be bigger than you." The other thing she used to say is "Treat your brother nicely. One day he'll be your best friend." And you know what, she was right. Now he has a baby of his own and I know he is going to be a great dad.

 I met my nephew today. He is fascinating, even though he doesn't do much. We are all fascinated by his smallness and the miracle that created him. Now that I know he's real, I don't plan to see him again until his bris next Sunday. But it's really official now. I am an aunt. I bought my first gift for him. A little outfit from the Baby Gap. It was really cute. If I had to base his personality on what I observed today, I predict that he's going to be a quiet and pensive person. Thoughtful, smart and curious about the world around him. Either that or he's going to sleep a lot.

 Here is this week's urlLink Friday Five . 1. What does it say in the signature line of your emails? Nothing 2. Did you have a senior quote in your high school yearbook? What was it? If you haven't graduated yet, what would you like your quote to be? Too embarassing to mention 3. If you had vanity plates on your car, what would they read? If you already have them, what do they say? I wouldn't have vanity plates. 4. Have you received any gifts with messages engraved upon them? What did the inscription say? No. 5. What would you like your epitaph to be? Loving wife and mother, survived by . . . . . .

 This very cold weather reminds of how winters were when I was a kid. It didn't matter how cold it was because my brother, my friends and I would play outside until my mother saw our lips turning blue. Before going out my mother would slather vaseline on our cheeks to make sure we wouldn't get chapped. She would always make sure we weren't freezing to death by sticking her hand down are backs to see if we were warm enough. After a day of playing in the snow and cold, we would return to a hot basin for our feet to soak in to make sure we didn't get frost bite. Sometimes, I miss being a kid.

 This is my web log in French. Link urlLink here if you are my cousin and would like to read this website in French.

 His name is Ethan Harris. He is my nephew and I will meet him on Saturday. I am proud of my brother and his wife and I know they will be good parents. But will I be a good aunt? This is new territory for me. What will be expected of me as an aunt? Does anyone know? I am looking forward to the time I get to spend with him. I look forward to trying to figure out his personality in these first few days of his life and then watching it develop. Ethan is amazing in ways we don't know yet. Because he is the child of my brother and his wife he will certainly have a good heart. He will be compassionate and sensible. He will be creative and responsible. He will be all the good things we expect of him and then exceed our expectations. I love him already and I don't even know him.

 8 degrees outside. snow on the ground. Last night I went to urlLink Drinking and Thinking at Dempsey's Pub which had a very good turnout in spite of the wintery weather. After, I walked to the subway. I thought taking a cab home from the East Village to Astoria would take too long and be too scarey during a snow storm. The walk didn't take that long and the snow looked very pretty. It was sparkly. I just pulled on some long johns and I'm going out there again. I will not let a little snow, ice and wind chill factors of below zero keep me from my appointed rounds.

 . . . and now it's over. I've just spent the last half hour editing this web log, taking out those old quiz images links so as not to strain the servers of those hosts kind enough to do all that work. After a relatively balmy day in the urlLink Big Apple , the temperatures are dropping rapidly. Between the time I walked out of my office and to my front door, the wind really started to kick up and the temperature must have dropped at least 10 degrees. Usually I would be at urlLink trivia on a Tuesday night, but between the cold and still feeling the littlest bit queazy I decided to skip it and save my energy for Wednesday's big trivia match at Dempsey's. urlLink Drinking and Thinking , will be co-hosted by the charming and adorable urlLink Jon Blackwell . He will be working with his good friend Janet Rosen. With those two hosting, it promises to be an exciting evening.

 This morning riding in on the subway, I finished reading a very romantic book called urlLink The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks. I found myself weeping as I finished the last page. It is one of the more romantic books I've read. It's a simple story (but not really) beautifully told. It's about finding true love and holding on to it until the very end and it's written by a man, from a man's point of view, making the romance just a little bit more special. According to the notes, the author based the story on the romance of his wife's parents. A little while ago, my sister-in-law gave me a pile of books that my brother and she were trying find new homes for. My brother and his wife share a love of books and in this case they shared that love with me. So far, from that pile, I've read urlLink House of Sand and Fog by Andre Dubus III and urlLink Mr. Maybe by Jane Green. Both were good reads, but The Notebook was just perfect. Other good books I've read within the last year that I would recommend are urlLink Carrie Pilby by Caren Lissner (an actual book purchase), the classic urlLink 1984 by George Orwell, urlLink Flashman by George MacDonald Fraser, urlLink The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho, urlLink The Lovely Bones by Alice Sebold and my favorite from last year's read urlLink The Poisonwood Bible by Barbara Kingsolver. I did of course read the newest Harry Potter which I bought because of my love for Harry Potter books, but I mostly read books recommended or given to me by other people.

 Friday night. Stayed in. Too tired. Saturday day, went food shopping, cleaned up, got ready. Saturday night. Before Rififi had delicious Japanese food at Tokyo Lamen. Really delicious. Was joined by urlLink Jon and urlLink Dawn . Walked from restaurant to bar. Breathing was difficult due to cold. Stayed out late, even danced. Weather was cold. Sunday. Cooked. Went for incredibly long walk with Jon. Ate. Played Scrabble. Shot pool. Weather was warmer but still cold. Weekend well spent. Started Monday off great. Weather warmer still. Work going well. Ate lunch. Work going well. Walked to bank for boss. Somehow became ill on walk. Stomach bug? Hopefully, just passing through. Went home early. Sick. Rode subway home. Got home just in nick of time. Rested for several hours. Just getting up. Still feeling queazy. Will feel better tomorrow.

 I am roasting my chicken. It smells great. It marinated in my lemon juice/garlic recipe for 15 hours. I made stuffing with bread,onions and mushrooms. I would have added celery but I forgot to buy some yesterday when doing my big shopping. Roasting chicken makes me very happy. Eating roasted chicken makes me even happier. To go with the chicken, I am going to make potato leek soup and a vegetable side dish. Why am I doing this? So, when my honey and I come back from our walk later we will have something warm to eat. I like doing this because it reminds me of what it might be like to be away for a romantic weekend in Vermont. In my fantasy of the Vermont getaway, my boyfriend and I go skiing or hiking in the brisk cold. Outside, the birch trees are bare and the smell of pine trees fills our noses. The sky is overcast and a snow storm is on its way. Upon coming back to our little house, we light a fire and heat up a nice soup in the cauldron hanging in the fireplace. He pours wine, while I ladle the soup into heavy ceramic bowls. Then we dip freshly baked bread into the soup and discuss observations we made during our time out.

 What are Texas Sassy Foods? I was just asking myself that question this morning. There's a good chance that if you look at the banner ad right above you'll see a link that answers that question. Let's find out together, shall we?

 If you look inside my head right now, you'll see Doris Day and Rock Hudson singing Rollie Pollie at the piano bar in the movie urlLink Pillow Talk . To see a movie trailer that features a short clip of the two of them singing it click to this urlLink link .

 Jeremy Botter is back with urlLink Letters from Iraq !!

 While my face mask is drying I thought I would make you a list of what I bought at the supermarket. Keep in mind that I have not been food shopping in about a month so I didn't have anything in my refrigerator. Lysol Wet cloths (for my swiffer) Good Sense garbage bags 2 bottles of raspberry seltzer 1 bottle of diet vanilla coke 3 boxes of storebrand oatmeal variety packs (on sale 3 for $5) 4 cans white meat tuna (.89 a can) 1 5 lb. bag of sugar 1 bottle of lemon juice 2 boxes of baking soda (one for the fridge) 1 can of Folger's 6 Colombo blueberry yogurts (on sale 6 for $3) 2 enormous white onions 6 lemons 1 5lb. bag of potatoes 2 leeks (for potato/leek soup) tomatoes red delicious apples 3 bags of baby carrots bananas 3 heads of red leaf lettuce 2 green peppers 1 bag of regular ole onions kumquats (never had them before, thought I would try them) B&G Kosher dill gherkins 1/2 gallon of low acid orange juice 1/2 gallon of milk loaf of bread eggs clementines mushrooms beef brisket beef butt a whole chicken (which is currently marinating in lemon juice and garlic for lunch tomorrow) Face mask is dry now. I'm off to the bath for my evening out. Actually, any excuse will do for me to take a bath, but I really am going out this evening.

 I should be at the supermarket filling up my fridge for the first time in a month, so naturally I am at home, taking on line quizzes. urlLink Rum and Monkey , a satirical website, has some weird and useless quizzes that I just love taking. Here is one that will help me find out how compatable I am with others. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ My results : I'm an irredeemably eejitous, liberal, not-too-generous, not-too-selfish, pathetically simple-minded, dribbling child! urlLink See how compatible you are with me! Brought to you by urlLink Rum and Monkey

 My friend urlLink Human Oddities has been having a problem with her page's ad banner displaying ads for cat urine products; most likely because of some posts about her cats. My ad banner has been displaying ads for pickle products and pickle soap; today, briefly, a comedian who is somehow linked to pickles. But then when I posted a blank post. . . .it broke the cycle of pickle linking. I want to update so I don't have ads showing in the ad banner but that function is down at blogspot. Someday.....someday......maybe I'll even start an actual website.

 It is 9 degrees in Astoria. 9. And I don't believe it's warming up urlLink anytime soon , which is unfortunate. Tomorrow night, I will be attending a monthly event known as PoP GeAr . It's hosted by my friend Dawn of the urlLink Dawn Patrol and it's taking place at urlLink Rififi , which a very cool bar down in the East Village. . .332 East 11th St. between 1st and 2nd Avenues, to be exact. Pop Gear is an evening of POP 60's music usually compiled by Dawn and two of her friends, Kittybeat and Michael Lynch. Part of the event is watching the great video footage of old pop acts from the 60's, shown on the back wall of the bar, over a little stage. If you can make it, you should. I've only met and spoken with nice people the other times I've gone. And then, of course, there is the dancing, the free cover and the moderately priced drinks. How does this tie in with the cold weather, you might be wondering? Well. . .I'd like to dress cutely but it's hard to do that when you have to wear layers. But the important thing is that I go...so hopefully, no one will mind the necessary but lumpy clothing.



 Shortly after I started this web log, the Great Blackout of 2003 occurred. When the power came back on I wrote several posts about the blackout. One of those involved commenting on how fresh Shon Gables of CBS Morning News looked the morning after. Why am I telling you this? Because most of the searches that bring people to my site are about Shon Gables. If you are looking for any photographs or biographical information on Ms. Gables, it is only fair that I tell you to go to one or your other search results because outside of a few lines about my admiring her, you won't find anything else about her here. If you are interested in reading what I wrote about her, urlLink click here .

 It is brutally cold today. During rush hour, I had to wait for 15 minutes before an "N" train pulled into my station. While I was waiting 3 "Q" trains and 2 "W" trains went by on the express track and two "R" trains stopped on the local track. By the time my "N" train came, my feet were frozen. Why are there so many "Q" trains? When they pass, I notice they are hardly ever crowded. And I am not exaggerating when I tell you that I've counted 5 "Q" trains pass on average for every one "N" train that I take. I think that there are less "N" trains because the tracks are congested with an overabundance of "Q" trains. Did I mention I love New YorK?

 I just heard on the radio, 710 am/WOR to be exact, that Senator Hillary Clinton made a somewhat bad joke about Ghandi, saying that he owns a gas station and then she quoted him. Does anybody remember a time when she was likeable? I remember liking her at some point, but since the time of her bid for senator, I just don't like her as much. Something happened to her. I haven't yet found a link to a news story to back this up yet but it is coming as soon as I can find one.

 Rain: You are the sound of rain. You have two important sides. There is your strong, powerful side and your calm, gentle side. Both are very important. Rain also reflects a bit of darkness in your personality. It isn't bad, just shows that along with the good, you also can see bad, which can come in handy. (please rate my quiz) urlLink What Sound Are You?(now w/ pics) brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Because of my work schedule, I missed my favorite Tuesday night activity, urlLink Tuesday Night Trivia at the Baggott Inn. But you can be sure that I will try to make tomorrow night's bar room trivia contest urlLink Drinking and Thinking at Dempsey's pub. Hopefully, I'll see you there.

 For a change of pace, I recommend you visit urlLink Area 52 . This is where the very talented urlLink Tony Hightower is endeavoring to write one song for every week of 2004. On a personal note, good luck, Tony. You are off to a great start. I look forward to listening to a year of good music and then listening to the compilation in 2005.

 Dear guy playing garbage with drumsticks on the 7 platform at Grand Central Station: After a hard day at work, the last thing I want to hear is your impersonation of urlLink Buddy Rich on random pieces of loud garbage you so thoughtfully collected for tonight's performance. When my head is full of a day of work and not smoking, the sound of you trying to make art is the last thing I want to hear. Do what every other performer who doesn't play in the streets does? Find a cheap performance space in New York and invite your closest friends to come see you play. There are plenty of cheap performance spaces in New York. Surely, there is one that fits your budget and gets you out of any subway station where I happen to be waiting impatiently for a train.

 urlLink Quite Wicked found an awesome website through urlLink CalorieKing.com that helps you figure out, in the most fun way possible, how to count calories at various fast food restaurants. Most notable are urlLink McDonalds , urlLink Subway , urlLink Pizza Hut , and random urlLink Barbeque foods. Most excellent find, oh Wicked one.

 Today is Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday. It will be a fun day, fun day. All day long.

 The weather is returning to weather more normal for New York. It's bizarre weather, we've been having. Some days the weather is unseasonably mild, while on others it is seasonably cold. Bundle up New York.

 This note bookmarks where Joan of Arc was Feminist of the Day.

 Walking down 28th Street, to the N train after work, I walked by a store that sells pickles the old fashioned way, in barrells. Now, all I can think about is pickles. I like dill pickles, sour, half-sour, gherkins. Not too fond of the sweet though. Vlassics are good. B&G are better. Boy, do I want a pickle.

 First day back was. . . .tiring. Point of wearing makeup. . . not readily apparent. Nobody said anything about it. No one noticed. Tomorrow, I will return to my routine of not making up before work. I will, however, spend too much time on my hair. I will comfortable shoes. I wore shoe boots with a slight heel and my feet are sore. They aren't as bad pumps but flats are better. I will wear comfortable clothes. ``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` Our server went down today, after our computer guy tried to fix something. While, I wasn't planning on surfing the net or checking my tracking, it did affect my ability to send internal communication, which meant more walking around the office in uncomfortable shoes. `````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` Do you ever wish that you had a similar living situation to Holly Golightly's character in urlLink Breakfast at Tiffany's ? How cool would it be to receive $50 for going tothe powderroom. I assume in the book, Holly received varying amounts for different tricks, but I prefer the innocence of the movie. ````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` I'm tired. I was upset to find out that if I were an urlLink affliction I would be gonnorhea. On the upside, at least there's a cure. `````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` I'm tired. I was happy to find out that I really am pants identified. I took a quiz (see below)at urlLink Spacefem.com to see which invisible thing I am and I am invisible pants. How perfect is that? ````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` As you can see, I've reached a creative lull for the day. These point by point posts help me work through that. Thank you for indulging me and come back soon.

 urlLink

 It's a little after 7pm on Sunday evening. The movie urlLink Spellbound ; seen. It was alright. I'm not as excited about it as other people I've spoken too. I thought it dragged and some of the kids freaked me out a little bit. Cafe con Leche was replaced by pizza (my idea). urlLink Sal and Carmine's , best I've had in New York City. The weather; while the weather was warmer than usual this morning, the temperature sank closer to normal for our climate. It's now raining and about 40 degrees. I'm home, now. I'm watching urlLink My Big Fat Greek Wedding for the umpteenth time and awaiting the beginning of the end for "Sex and the City". I am feeling a little bit anxious about returning to work tomorrow. I hope I'll be able to sleep tonight. I guess if I can't, I always have you .

 Today, the host of urlLink Pineapple and Macadamia Breeze , posted a little description of the weather today in Hawaii. The host writes that the temperature is in the low 70's and that thunderstorms have been predicted. Today, in New York City, the urlLink forecast predicts temperatures reaching to the high 50's and low 60's and thunderstorms. So, there you have it. Today, if you are in a bucolic Hawaiian paradise, or the never resting, filthy but fantastic New York City, you're getting practically the same weather.

 *I don't have a list of resolutions for 2004. With that said, one of my resolutions for 2004 is to make this blog more NYCentric for people looking to read about life in the "Big Apple". `````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` Today is Sunday, January 4th 2004. Today is my last day off after a nice string of days off. I'm partially glad and partially sad about this. I miss the daily structure of my job and feel a lot more organized when I'm working within the structure of a larger organization. I'm sad because as much as I miss that structure, who wants to go back to work? I plan on being on the Upper West Side of Manhattan today to spend my last day off with my nice urlLink boyfriend . Being that I wake up with a voracious appetite for food and for life every morning, first item on the list of things to do will be to get breakfast. There are several places I'd like to go: Gabriellas, Cafe con Leche, or Metro Diner. I'm going to lobby hard for Cafe con Leche. That place is awesome!!!! There is actually a plan in place. The plan is to see the movie " urlLink Spellbound " at urlLink Symphony Space on the Upper West Side. I'm not sure when we're going to see that because someone (who shall remain nameless) is still sleeping, but that is the plan. I was hoping to throw in a big, sloppy and tiring walk around Central Park. J lives so close and it would be such a shame not to go. That would also fulfill one of the obligations from the Resolutions List I didn't make. That resolution would not be to exercise more and lose weight. (okay, yes - it would be from my list) (no - not really, there isn't a list) (okay, you got me-yes) (no - i was just kidding, there is no list of resolutions for 2004.) (Yes - THERE IS!!!).

 My urlLink Bloginality is urlLink ISFJ !!! As an ISFJ, you are Introverted, Sensing, Feeling, and Judging. This makes your primary focus on Introverted Sensing with Extraverted Feeling. This is defined as a SJ personality, which is part of Carl Jung's Guardian (Security Seeking) type, and more specifically the Protectors or Nurturer. In blogging, your journal will always be immaculate and have a touch of style. You may also feel overwhelmed because you want to be a part of everything going on. Because of your wonderful memory, other bloggers may come to you to ask about things you posted months

 I live in New York City. Well, in urlLink Astoria across the river to be exact. But it still is considered New York City. I *am* in one of the five boroughs. I have to remind myself of that sometimes because when I read back over what I've written here, except for very specific posts about NYC, I could be anyone living anywhere. This is one of those posts. Last night, I hung out with my friend Dave. I took the subway two stops to get closer to his house because although he lives in walking distance and I didn't feel like walking such a distance. Part of the reason for this is his living on the top floor of a six story walk up. (which equals five flights). I haven't seen him in ages. When I got to Dave's he poured me a glass of wine, then another, then another. Good times. We played urlLink Trivial Pursuit , both the Genus, and the trademark Silver Screen additions together. I lost badly but it was great fun. After the not literal beating I received at Trivial Pursuit, we decided to watch a movie. The choice was up to me. It was between "Reign of Fire" and "Zardoz". Well, I've seen " urlLink Reign of Fire " (fabulous if you haven't) but I haven't seen " urlLink Zardoz ". Dave has talked up " urlLink Zardoz " quite a bit so I was intrigued. I have one word to sum up the movie. CHEESE. Produced, written and directed by John Boorman after the successful yet disturbing " urlLink Deliverance ", the movie features a urlLink giant floating head , a dystopic yet utopian future, and a frightening image of Sean Connery in a red diaper and thigh high boots. I don't like Sean Connery. I think he's a bit of crap actor actually (with the exception of "Finding Forrester") and I don't find him in the least bit attractive. I actually never understood why anyone found him so sexy or debonaire. Not even the cache of his urlLink James Bond movies could sell me on his appeal. " urlLink Zardoz " did absolutely nothing to convince me that he's hot. He spends most of appearance urlLink half naked , with his hairy, doughy body bouncing freely in every scene. (insert urlLink Sideshow Bob sound of disgust here). With that said, I recommend this movie highly. It perhaps the best bad movie I have ever seen. I'll have to see it again to write a full deconstructive analysis but it's worth it just to see to see Friend denounced as a renegage, or the cheesy special effects of Zed (Connery) sliding into a glass pyramid. Never mind his time spent inside a urlLink multi-faceted diamond known as the tabernacle, which holds all knowledge and affords the members of Vortex 4 immortality. Then there is the scene where all members in the Vortex 4 society beg for death because they are so bored with their idyllic lives. urlLink Yeah . You need to see this movie and soon.

 urlLink Friday Five What one thing are you most looking forward to . . . 1. ...today? my first cup of coffee 2. ...over the next week? a discussion with my boss concerning a raise 3. ...this year? writing my book 4. ...over the next five years? enjoying the proceeds from my first, second and third best-selling novels 5. ...for the rest of your life? making a family

 Recently I've added some links that I want to bring to your attention. urlLink Silent Butterfly : This young 20 something has produced a beautiful website using skills I don't think I'll ever have. Anyway, Silent Butterfly lives in and attends school in Europe. She is bright and sweet and writes about herself and her life in a candid and cheery way. urlLink A Violently Executed Blog : I became aware of this blog through Human Oddities and Mishaps. Daily, readers can read about the trials and tribulations of a married man with an ascerbic view of the world. urlLink George Takei : I discovered Mr. Takei's website, early one Friday morning, during a bout of insomnia. I was looking for celebrity websites which then became a search for web logs produced by the cast members of the original Star Trek series. Mr. Takei was kind enough to respond to a message I sent to his fan site. He seems like a really nice man. His most recent posting about revisiting the internment camp where he was sent as a young boy with his family is quite touching. urlLink Human Oddities and Mishaps : I became aware of this website when the host started posting comments on my page. I liked her instantly and decided that she should be included on my list of links. Creative and funny, down to earth and honest, her website is thoroughly enjoyable. urlLink Margaret Cho : I was first attracted to this site because of a posting of one my friends. I decided to add it because Ms. Cho is surprisingly candid about her life and talks a lot about the creative process and the challenge of being a public figure. urlLink Of Moops and Men : This new arrival to the blogosphere provides us with a look at unusual news stories and points out interesting facts about our daily world. Most interesting is when the host lists names that are oddly appropriate. urlLink Pineapples and Macadamia Breeze : Writing to us from behind a bar Waikiki, this author writes about life in the Hawaiian Islands. I don't know about you but this strange New York weather has me daydraming about a life in the islands all of the time. urlLink William Shatner : I found Mr. Shatner's site the same night I found Mr. Takei's. It is interesting. The star also talks about celebrity and encourages fans of the site to post messages on his bulletin board. So, I joined the fan site so I could post a message on his bulletin . Mr. Shatner has not yet replied.

 As you know, I link to a website called "Letters from Iraq", the daily journal of a soldier named Jeremy Botter. I am concerned because when I click on the link now, I am brought to a website that asks if I'd like that as my domain name, indicating to me that the Jeremy Botter link no longer exists, at all. What do you think this means? If you have any ideas at to what may have happened to Jeremy Botter and his web log, please list them below.

 Thanks to the urlLink Vidiot, I went to a link that provided a great panaromic view of Times Square at New Year's Eve. It's like being inside the urlLink snow globe .

 It's 4:30 am and I am up for whatever reason (probably too much sleep) and I was looking for some Celebrity Web Logs to add to my link list, blog roll, what ever. And I found a treasure. urlLink William Shatner keeps a web log/fan site. I took a look at it and it seems like he writes an entry every few weeks or so. So naturally, I joined and posted a reply to his most recent entry about excellence. Anyway, he looks like a pretty decent writer and a pretty down to earth guy. ================================================ a little bit later that morning . . . Okay. It's way too early to be having this much fun. Not to be outdone by his former Star Trek colleague, George Takei, also keeps a web log. His website is very nice as well. I recommend you urlLink link to it, right now, this minute!!! In his most recent entry, he writes a touching account of visiting Arkansas, where he and his family were interned during WWII.

 So. As soon as I got home this afternoon and as soon as I finished blogging, I turned on the urlLink SCI FI channel for the Twilight Zone Marathon. Picture me drooling like Homer and making that sound he makes when he's stumbled across some floor pie or he's thinking about a beer. It's 8pm where I am and they've just announced a special uncut Twilight Zone for primetime. Two words: Instant Smile. This is the episode that takes place in the year 2000, when science has given everybody the ability to choose whichever appearance they like. What teenage girl, given the opportunity wouldn't choose a lovely face over a mediocre one? Have I ever mentioned in this post what an incredibly large geek I am? This is not asked in a self depracatory way. I ask you with pride. I embrace my inner geek.

 *I'd like to thank urlLink Of Moops and Men for pointing out typos in this post and writing about them with such affection in a recent posting. They have since been corrected.* I just found out that William Shatner is scheduled to release an urlLink album . While some people view this is as a sign of the coming urlLink Apocolypse I view it as an opportunity to add to my growing collection of things having to do with the original Star Trek series. Actually, there are only two things in that collection; urlLink To The Stars: The Autobiography of George Takei, Star Trek's Mr. Sulu as read by George Takei on the book on tape version of his autobiography and the classic movie urlLink INCUBUS starring a young Wiliam Shatner and filmed in the failed international language urlLink Esperanto . I hope to soon include in my collection, LP's of Shatner original recordings, videos of urlLink Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan and urlLink Star Trek V: The Final Frontier (directed by Shatner, the one where they meet "God" and we meet Spock's long lost brother whose life has been dedicated to rebelling against Vulcandome by expressing his emotions) and perhaps some action figurines (original series only). Remember this. Without Mr. Shatner, there ( dramatic pause ) would ( dramatic pause ) be ( dramatic p ause) no ( dramatic pregnant pause ) cheese.

 This is my first official post of 2004 if you don't count the Feminist of the Day. Last night's celebration was interesting. Yes. Interesting. I celebrated with my parents who arranged a small gathering. I arrived early to help them get ready. There was a lot of getting ready to get done. My mother and I cleaned, which is always fun. About 4 we started cooking the food. My mother roasted a turkey. Yum. We made Swedish meatballs, deviled eggs, crudite, haricots vert sauteed in tomatoes. I made my classic stuffed mushrooms. We also heated up those premade hors'd'oeuvres, including pigs in blankets, mini quiches, knishes, yummers. We put out platters of cheeses, including Camembert - the less fattening cousin of Brie (and yes, just a little bit less delicious but delicious all the same). The party was supposed to start at 7. People started arriving around 7:45. The first to arrive were Alice and Fred, my parents' first friend and neighbors 36 years ago. Next to arrive were the nice family next door. Lilly and Elliot and there very nice children Brandon and Justin. Justin just turned a year old. So, their arrival was coupled with peals of delight from my mother as she snatched young Justin from his mother and started speaking to the baby in French (don't ask). I was taken aback by this, I turned to Lilly and commented that perhaps I should provide my mother with a sonogram of my ovary because of my mother's having come down with baby fever. It would be natural for my mother to have baby fever as my brother and his wife are expecting my nephew literally any minute. His sonogram is hanging on the refrigerator as if it were just a regular family photo. Anyway, you get the idea. The pressure to produce progeny is prolific. That was everybody who was expected except my boyfriend who had to work late. I was so happy when he called to say he was waiting at the train station because by that time we had already been an intimate group for three hours or so. Anyway, we all visited while Brandon, the five year old, ran himself ragged up and down my parents smooth and shiny hardwood floors. There was sliding on the knees. I played with Brandon for quite some time. He's a fun kid. (Yes. more pressure.) I was happy to have my boyfriend there to kiss at midnight. After champagne and yummy desserts the party broke up and we cleaned and talked until about 2 in the morning. It probably seems like I'm rambling at this point because I am probably rambling. I am pretty tired and I want to go to sleep. However, in keeping with the noisy neighbors on my days off theme, my neighbor is listening to the most god awful music and singing along with it. Did anyone else spend New Year's Eve with their parents? I was so happy to see my folks, but pretty happy to leave when the time came. I'd be interested to hear how other people are getting along with their folks during the holiday season. More disconnected rambling or is this post as disconnected as I think. There's a good chance this post won't be here longer if upon reflection later today, I decide it's too personal. Happy 1st day of the new year.

 (Astoria, NY - Feb. 29) - It's 7:30 am in Astoria, the most culterally diverse neighborhood in the country. In the morning darkness of my dwelling it's impossible for me to tell how the weather is outside because of the brick wall that has been view these last 10 years. Last night on the news the big weather story was that we are having unually warm weather. Today the temperatures are supposed to rise to the 50's. What do I have planned today? Not much. House cleaning. Yes. Picking up my laundry. Yes. I was too lazy to do it. The cost to have it done was $17 and change. I think this is and forever will be the best deal in New York. My laundry was as heavy as a small child, and pound per pound, it would have cost me a minimum of $12 to do it myself. For five more dollars, I had it done. It's enough to make a poor shlub like me feel like a rich shlub. I might work on some fiction today. I've been thinking about my life and the people I know and it's been stirring up some emotions that can only be dealt with safely through the lives of people I make up to represent my friends and family. You write what you know. I know some things. But isn't writing about your life in fiction the same as telling other people about your dreams? Dreams are only really interesting to the dreamers and their therapists and even then therapists listen because they are employees, not truly interested parties. Would you guys want to read a fictionalized account of my life? Is that what all writers do? Did Steven King write the book Carrie because he was picked on as a teenager and had amazing revenge fantasies that he could only apply in a world he created on paper? Did Theodore Dreiser really know a woman like Sister Carrie or a man like her paramour who ends up killing himself in the end because Sister Carrie leaves him? Did Shakespeare's heart get broken when he was a teenager inspiring him to write Romeo and Juliet ? Tell me what you think. No. Really. See if you can answer these questions for me either in my comment section or in your web log. 1) Do you think your life is good enough to write about? If yes, do you worry that you will offend people you know even though you are writing fiction? If no, why not? 2) What type of situation (not the situation itself) would you like to fictionalize? 3) Do you have family members that make you want to rip out your hair (again no specifics necessary) to the point that you want to burn them in a story? 4) When you read, what type of stories do you find most entertaining? These are not rhetorical questions. I'd like to see some answers here or on your blog.

 I am not very well travelled but when I have gone to visit my family in France, the one tourist type thing I like to do is to visit cathedrals. Maybe it's because I'm Jewish and Judaism has never been able to flourish as artistically as Catholicism. Maybe it's because I'm in love with the idea that some of the best art in the world has been commissioned by the Catholic church allowing artist to express their deep religious convictions with passion and life through their art. Maybe it's because cathedrals are just beautiful structures that are nice to look at. If I were travelling with Jon in Barcelona I would insist that we visit this Cathedral. urlLink The origins The most distant origins of the Cathedral of Barcelona correspond to a basilica with three naves which was destroyed by Al -Mansur (925). The remains of this basilica can be seen in the City History Museum . Around 1046, a new cathedral was commenced at the initiative of Bishop Guislabert. We have few references to this building: it is believed to have occupied a part of the Gothic building, but some of its Romanesque elements remain. The present-day basilica Construction began in 1298, during the bishopric of Bernat Pelegr and the reign of King Jaume II, known as "the Just". The work on the present-day faade of the Cathedral remained unfinished until the end of the last century, being completed by the architects Josep Oriol Mestres and August Font i Carreras, taking inspiration from a drawing from the 15th century by Mestre Carl. ================================================ And then maybe after that, we would stroll down to this site. La plaa del Rei The Plaa del Rei (the 'King's Square') is the most noble urban space of old Barcelona. At the rear is the faade of the Royal Palace which contains the exquisite Sal del Tinell banqueting hall. To the right is the Palatine Chapel or Chapel of Saint Agatha and to the left the Lieutenant's Palace where, during some time, the Archive of the Aragon Crown was housed. Now this Archive is located at Almogvers street. To the right, at the corner of Carrer del Veguer, is the Clariana-Padells house, which now houses the City History Museum.

 Just in case any of my readers were wondering, I have ended my pouty feud with the urlLink Anonymous Blogger . I have a good idea who he is in reality and if he is who I think he is, he's a pretty nice and interesting guy who just happens to be a little bit sensitive. If I were on the market for a boyfriend, I would definitely consider having drinks with him, because if he is who I think he is, he is not badlooking (not that that matters but it doesn't hurt). He has beautiful eyes. Of course, I am not looking for a boyfriend. I'm very happy with the one I have. We get along really well and I like him a whole lot - most interesting person I've ever met. That's key for anybody who is looking for advice on relationships. If you can be friends with someone you are dating, you never run out of things to talk about and talking is pretty much what it's all about. Your significant other should interest you and you should be interesting to him/her otherwise the relationship can feel pretty superficial. And I think most people who read my blog are getting too old for superficial relationships.

 urlLink Amanda recently wrote about her ex-con neighbor receiving a large shipment of blue barrells recently where she speculates as to what her neighbor is up to. It reminds of my friend R who used to live in my building but has since moved to Virginia with her husband and child. We used to sit at her living room window and watch people on the street. One time, we saw our neighbor J who has this 200 year old Lhasa Apso who never seems to perish, walking with an old man we see very often in the neighborhood. R speculated that this woman in her 40's was having an affair with this older man. I almost believed her, because I've also seen him walking late at night with a woman who more closely matches his own age, his wife. One night, long after R moved, I saw him and this women walking the younger woman's dog. So I said Hi. I see you're walking Mason. They said, "Yes, we do that when our daughter is out of town." They are J's parents. So R's theory that something lacivious was going one was wrong. Also, we had three neighbors who lived together in the aparment next to mine. R speculated that these 2 men and 1 woman were living together in some sort of bizarre sexual arrangment. Two of the people in this arrangement were brother and sister, something else R didn't know when she came up with this theory. I didn't learn this until the brother moved out a few months ago. Again, R was wrong. I have to admit. Looking at people through R's eyes is one of the things I miss most about having her live upstairs from me. I miss my friend and her nice family very much. I should get down to Virginia soon. I'm sure they'd be glad to see me.

 Today is Friday, Friday, Friday It will be a fun day, fun day All day long The day I've been looking forward to all week is finally up. urlLink I really wish I could stay home today and do nothing but I plan on a day of nothing tomorrow, a real lazy Saturday day. Wait. I'm wrong. I plan to spend some time at brother's tomorrow to visit with Ethan (my nephew). I haven't seen him since the bris. I've been staying away because I have a cold that never seems to go away and I don't want him to get sick. Apparently he's getting really cute and really chubby, just the way a baby should be in my opinion. Sunday, will be a lazy Sunday, all to myself with no outside stimuli. Just the inside ones, like Blogging, my bed, the television, my bed, a new book to crack open and enjoy, my bed, making homemade fudge and lastly my bed. There will be an early morning facial, a half hour shower, and a little housecleaning and in between each activity a little power nap to get me through each of following activities. I'm looking forward to the moment, later, when I walk out of the door after getting through another week of work, smoke that end of the word day cigarette and impatiently wait for the W train. What would be great is if I could some writing done against some projects I have planned but working on a book would contradict lazy Sunday. That should be the toughest choice I make all week.

 The Onion published this article which answers the question of what the urlLink repercussions would be if we legalized gay marriage. (You do know of course that the articles from the onion are strictly fictitious meant to make fun of current issues and not meant to be taken seriously.) urlLink Massachusetts Supreme Court Orders All Citizens To Gay Marry BOSTON - Justices of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court ruled 5-2 Monday in favor of full, equal, and mandatory gay marriages for all citizens. The order nullifies all pre-existing heterosexual marriages and lays the groundwork for the 2.4 million compulsory same-sex marriages that will take place in the state by May 15.

 urlLink Howard Stern Show Taken Off Clear Channel Stations I've been listening to Howard Stern's current radio show since the fall of 1985. Rude things have been happening on his show for years. I can't believe his show is being pulled from Clear Channel Stations. I never thought I would see it happen. I am a fan of his. While I don't always like everything he says, amazingly my life still seems to go on unaffected. Besides, there's a lot more fun stuff happening on his show than rude stuff on any given day. He does push the envelope though. I hope he doesn't get pulled from the air in New York City.

 urlLink Woman Collapses During Showing of "The Passion Of The Christ" Apparently the woman in the article had a heart attack during the graphic depiction of the crucixion. She didn't survive. (On a more glib note, when you link to the article, notice the well placed ad on top of the page for Blue Cross Blue Shield of Kansas.)

 It turns out that urlLink GOD has a page on the IMDB (via urlLink Vidiot ) urlLink Who knew?

 I actually heard on the radio this morning that Bush is "pushing (mmmmm) so hard and fast" to make this gay marriage ban amendment stick because he wants to make sure it's sealed and in the box before the upcoming election in case he doesn't win a second term. I can only agree with that statement which I heard during the morning news on WOR am radio. People on the most part, if what I've been reading, hearing, seeing on the news is the absolute truth, are not in support of gay marriage but do not oppose same sex unions. I say if you're willing to acknowledge a same sex union why not go the one step further and accept a same sex marriage. What's the worst thing that could happen? Will the earth get knocked off it's axis if this country allows people of the same sex to wed? Will the human race experience a backwards evolution leading us back to the time when we were just ooze on a beach if this country allows to women to walk down the aisle? Perhaps aliens will see our allowing gays and lesbians to marry as the time in our history when we are most vulnerable and choose that time to take over our planet for whatever resources it has left. What are the repercussions people fear most? Does anyone really believe that somehow God almighty will be angered by married gays and thus smite us? I have a comment section below if you would care to explain this to me. FYI. The questions on my blog are not rhetorical.

 Two amazingly large 1 bedroom apartments opened up in my building. I looked at them last night and they are large and in charge. One is going for $1000 and the other for $1050. If you are interested in living in Astoria, 5 mintues from the N train in a culturally diverse neighborhood, let me know. I'll get a finders fee. I would take either one of them if I had the money

 Did I tell you about the conclusion of the urlLink The Littlest Groom ? The show ended in the same whirlwind that started it. Glen, our little contestant in the end chose between and average size woman and a little woman. I was a little disappointed. Not at his decision to go with the cute and outgoing Mika, a little actress from LA I believe. ( If only I could write this blog, go to work, have a social life and sleep at the same time, this diatribe would be longer right now. ) I was disappointed that the show wasn't longer. I was also a little disappointed that the producers of the show didn't think that a show without the addition of average sized women wouldn't have done well. And that they believed the show couldn't sustain substantial viewership for more than 2 weeks. I'm not sure how the Little People community felt about the show, but at some point I plan to look around the web to see if anyone from the LPA or the community in general had any comments and then I will post them here.

 After a beer and some dinner I felt much revived after a hard day work. Trivia went well. There was a great turnout, at least 55 people by my hopefully not obvious headcount. There were thirteen teams and an exciting and rare tie breaker for first and second place. The winning team was The Cash-in of the Christ. The funniest team name was Six of Years Sex, Christ Coming on Wednesday. NB: A big thanks to Jon for assisting me with my rounds. I started with the general knowledge round which I centered around New York City Trivia. Here are the questions and the answers. 1. On Sunday, the subway map for the B, D, M, N, Q, R and W trains was completely redone thanks to the long awaited completion of construction work on the Manhattan Bridge. In what year did the work on the Manhattan Bridge begin? 2. Which was the first of the outer boroughs to join Manhattan as part of New York City? 3. You have to be at least 18 years old, between 5'6" and 5'10 1/2" in height, and proficient in tap and jazz, in order to join what organization founded in 1925? 4. "Angel of the Waters," a statue by Emma Stebbins, has the distinction of being the first major artwork by a woman that was commissioned by New York City. It is also the only sculpture in Central Park that was part of the park's original plan. Where in the park will you find it? 5. There are four bridges connecting The Bronx and Queens. Three of them are the Triborough, the Whitestone and the Throgs Neck. What is the fourth? Rikers Island Bridge 6. What 2001 movie was set at the intersection of Mulberry, Anthony, Cross, Orange and Little Water streets? 7. Who has won the New York City Women's Marathon nine times -- a record? 8. Who, in 1524, was the first European explorer to sail into New York Harbor? 9. It was first built in 1879 at East 26th Street. Since then, this major indoor entertainment complex has been torn down and rebuilt several times. The fourth and current version was opened in 1968 with Bob Hope and Bing Crosby as hosts. What is it? 10. He called New York City "the great place, the heart, the brain, the focus, the NO MORE BEYOND of the Western World," he wrote poems such as "A Broadway Pageant" and "Crossing Brooklyn Ferry," and he worked as editor of the Brooklyn Eagle from 1846-47. Who was this great New Yorker? Caren then did a great job with the current events questions including the name of President Bush's recently deceased dog and the equivalent in Male literature for Chick Lit (that produced at least one funny answer repeatedly but the correct answer was "Lad" lit). I really enjoyed Caren's top ten list which was the top 11 - 20 boy's names from the 70's. For my audio round, I went with title tracks and their artists and for my visual round I asked the teams to identify pictures of famous funny femmes ranging from Gracie Allen to Wanda Sykes. Generally it went pretty well. One friend of mine suggested that perhaps I should have started with an easier song in the audio round but other than that people were pretty complimentary. I'll be co-hosting again in March and April so if you couldn't make it tonight for my rounds hopefully you'll make it then.

 My questions? Finished What questions? for urlLink Tuesday Night Trivia I am co-hosting trivia tonight and I hope you can make it. At 7:30, urlLink Caren Lissner will start the game. Try to get there early so you can get a table. The Baggot Inn on West Third Street Between Thompson and Sullivan New York City I'll see you there.

 There will be no more new Sex. Sex in the City is over, done, finished and yes the final episode moved me to tears. I've ranted against the show before and I believe for good reason. and that's pretty much because it is so far removed from my reality and most people's I know. Here are some of the problems I've had with the show which we will be followed what I like about it. 1) The woman on the show never wear the same outfit twice. Even the richest woman in the world, I'm sure has a favorite thing that she likes to wear over and over again. Miranda is a lawyer for goodness sake. She would have several nice suits in her wardrobe that she wore again and again. She wouldn't wear a different one every day. 2) Carrie could not possibly afford that apartment and all of those pairs of shoes on her freelance writing salary. 3) Men only existed in that show,for the most part, to show us how frustrating life is for single women. Okay. That one might be true. 4) Carrie's article, if she is indeed soliloquizing from her weekly article while narrating the show is the most boring thing for a newspaper column. Does anybody in the show's reality really care about Carrie Bradshaw's life? I would find that weekly read terribly depressing. Also, do writer's have weekly articles in NEW YORK CITY papers of note? 5) The show has more puns than the New York Post on a good day.

 She's my daughter. (smack) She's my sister. (smack) She's my daughter. (smack) She's my sister. (smack) No, but seriously folks, I just flew in from Chicago and boy are my arms tired. =============================================== Jon and I did indeed meet in Chinatown for our tour but there was no one there to give us a tour. So we did our own tour of Chinatown or more so a Val turn of Chinatown. First, I showed Jon my favorite store in the world Pearl River as promised in this morning's posting. I was sad to discover that Pearl River has been named THE GREAT MALL of CHINA or CHINA MALL or something like that and once inside I could see that the store has been tampered with. The pharmacy I liked so much was gone. They still had the stuff and junk that makes shopping in that store fun but not as much as they used to. The food section of the store had a very elegant selection of urlLink POCKY . For those of you who don't know, POCKY is a thin cookie dipped in a variety of different flavors mostly chocolate. My POCKY choice here (there will be one later) was urlLink Chocolate Coconut POCKY which I bought for at least 1 dollar cheaper than adverised in the above link. I also bought some urlLink INSTANT GINGER HONEY CRYSTALS tea to help soothe my chronic heartburn, a couple of instant UDON soups, a box of urlLink RED PANAX GINSENT EXTRACTUM for my general well being at much less than the prices advertised on line, and for Jon some Almond Caramel Corn. Then, after satisfying my need to buy stuff, Jon and I went to satisfy our appetites. He introduced me to an absolutely wonderful restaurant on Doyer's Street formerly called urlLink Viet-nom . He had the shrimp squid curry while I had the duck and taro root dish. Both were wonderful, both were delicious and we both enjoyed some wonderful hot banana pudding for dessert. I know the duck and taro dish sounds wierd but it was pretty good and weird. The restaurant serves the duck with this wonderful pepper sauce and when I asked our waiter where I could buy some he rattled off the recipe quickly and with his accent I completely missed it. If you know of this pepper sauce or how I can make it please write me immediately at goodmanval@aol.com. I then introduced to Jon to my favorite grocery store in Chinatown, urlLink KAM-MAN on Canal Street. We were overpowered by the stench of dried fish products the moment we walked in but I don't mind. I've been shopping there on and off for the 14 years or so I've lived in New York City so I was already used to it before we walked in. There I bought some lavendar scented incense, and yet another kind of POCKY, POCKY Extra-Chocolat. I have long enjoyed their foods but no more so than POCKY. Some friends introduced POCKY to me over the summer. I didn't have the heart to tell them I've known about POCKY for more than half my life. If you haven't had it or you can't find it in your neighborhood, go to one of the above links and order some soon. It really is a delightful treat. That was two hours of our day well spent. I am home now. I just finished up some work for my office and blogged about our adventure. When the weather is nicer, I'd like to take Jon on the tour I give my relatives when they visit France. We start out in Chinatown, make our way up to SOHO via Little Italy, walk through the East Village and finish by walking up Fifth Avenue after going through Washington Square Park. I still have my headache, but at least I accomplished some stuff today. A quick turn of Chinatown and that spreadsheet I needed to get done. I think I'll have some of that GINGER HONEY tea now.

 I took advantage of Saturday night to shore up against a possible flood of sick. Perhaps I slept too much because I woke up this morning with a headache. Half an hour in a steamy shower seemed to help for a little bit but the headache is creeping back slowly. I will not let this headache deter from enjoying a pleasant Sunday, however. Jon and I are meeting downtown for a walking tour of urlLink Chinatown . I haven't been to urlLink Chinatown in ages and I'm pretty psyched. I definitely want to stop by urlLink Pearl River to do some stuff-n-things shopping. Pearl River is three floors of the best point of purchase items you've ever seen. On the third floor, there is a pharmacy that sells tiger balm pretty cheaply and those great medicated pads that you can put on sore and achy muscles for temporary relief. I can't wait. Headache or no. ============================================= I feel the need to rant coming on. I have to troll around and see if I can find something to react to. If I do, you'll be the first to know.

 In spite of my declarations about refusing to get ill this winter season, it seems a virus has crept into my body and is making itself comfortable. I guess it was unavoidable. Two people in my office are sick, one has bronchitis and the other one, who has not yet dislosed with what he is ill, has been coughing vigorously for at least a month now. What makes me think I'm ill? Well, yesterday I just didn't feel good. I think during the course of the work day, I developed a fever which broke during the intense hours that followed. I felt better last night, so much so that I finished a great book I've been reading, which I will tell you about in another post, watched a little television - urlLink Dateline dedicated an hour of programming to urlLink The Passion of the Christ featuring Stone Phillips from the streets of Jerusalem and in another hour a feature on The Atkins Diet - and spent some time with my boyfriend. When I woke up this morning, after a restful 5 or 6 hours, I walked over to the library to return some sadly overdue library books ($16.20 worth to be exact - OUCH!). On the walk back, I was overcome with that illing feeling again. So, I took a nap upon arriving home. I woke up just a little while ago to catch up on some much overdue blogging ($0.00 worth to be exact - OUCH!) and my head is aching and my stomach is not quite right. I hate to say it but I think I have to stay in tonight. It's been a while since I've spent a Saturday night alone, but I can't afford to let this virus take over my body and submerge me into full blown sickness. I have too much to get done next week at work. We are moving our office and I'm pretty much going to be the point person. I need to be physically fit and mentally on top of my game. How do I know I'm not on top of my game? Because Missy Elliot's musical segment from a repeat of MAD television just made me cry a little bit (kid dancers always choke me up). Blogging this post, I've been able to put aside my headache but it's creeping back up on me. I'm sure there will be more blogging tonight, but for now, I think I'm just going go lie down for a bit. Wish me luck on not coming down with the Plague of the minute.

 I said I was going to write the minutes for Wednesday's trivia game but who am I kidding. Too much happened. It was one of those nights when everything goes right. I had two great people on my team and the three of us won the first place prize. I will tell you that the visual round was dedicated to baseball cards from the 60s. Each card had two or three players on it. We had to identify the player from each card that went on to become a Hall of Famer. If it hadn't been for my teammates encyclopedic knowledge of the game, I would not have had the honor of winning. Watching the two of them discuss these athletic legends was fascinating and somewhat educational. If I had a photographic memory, the conversation would be catalogued and I could report it to you verbatim, but sadly I don't so I cant. For the record, that is the first time I was on a team that came in first at the Wednesday night game. I'm not a fan of the sport but baseball was very, very good to me that night. I'm sure I will never enjoy it as much again.

 I can't believe I went a whole day without blogging. When I got home last night at 7:45 after a hard day at work, the first thing I did even before my coat was off was turn on my computer. The need to blog last night was as strong as my need to smoke a cigarette after getting out on the street last night, having been inside for 10 hours. (side note: not leaving your office not even for 5 minutes is not something I recommend). I wanted to give you the minutes from Wednesday night's incredibly enjoyable Drinking and Thinking at Dempseys. When I sat down in front of the computer my mind went completely blank and I was overcome with an incredible weariness. So, I saved my draft (a whole one line - Drinking and Thinking: minutes) and geared up for Friends. After Friends, I caught up with some people on the phone and vegged out for The Apprentice, my third favorite reality show behind My Big Fat Obnoxious Fiance and American Idol. Sometimes television is a good thing. I have to get ready for work now, my scented bath is waiting, but if I have a moment later, I will definitely work on the minutes. If one of my teammates from Wednesday night happens to write the minutes, I will link to it.

 Just when you think TV producers have scraped the bottom of the formula barrell for the sake of their sacred reality shows, some producer finds just a little more beneath, possibly from under the barrell. Last night, I watched the premier of FOX's urlLink The Littlest Groom . I found this show very enjoyable even though producer's do seem to be scraping the formula barrell for the sake of this reality show. I think it is nice that this show was put together for little people. It seems television is getting there with regard to representing real television viewers as opposed to fantasy television viewers even they are still not quite there. A show where both little and average size people compete for the same bachelor or bachelorette such as in the ABC shows that started them all might seem a little more even handed. I was a little annoyed that they seem to be only devoting two episodes to the show as opposed to stretching it out like urlLink The Bachlorette or urlLink My Big Fat Obnoxious Fiance or urlLink Average Joe 2 Hawaii . I certainly was enjoying the show up to a point. I watched while the littlest groom met and talked with the little women to try to get to know them for the purpose of eliminations. It was all so hurried. In one show, he met about 15 women, eliminated 10, took golf lessons with the remaining 5 (at which time, a few of the bolder ones pulled him aside for some reality show maneuvering), he went on a private date with one (on a patio, in full view of the other bachelorettes who were watching from the dining room while they dined). The next day he took line dancing classes with the remaining 5 and then at the end of the show, during the second elimination, instead of Glen having to pick 3 women from 5, 3 average sized women were introduced to his selection as a "twist". It was interestingly similar to the "twist" in Average Joe Hawaii when they brought out the hunks a few weeks ago. They even had time to show the littlest groom in the hot tub with the three average sized women, all of who were wearing the tiniest of bikinis. This left the little women to speculate as to the character of GLEN. Will he choose one of them or will he decide upon an average sized woman? I guess that is why I and millions of other viewers will be tuning in next week. During the opening of the show, in the one on one, camera/reality show contestant interview Glen claimed to be looking for someone who could understand what his life is like without having to explain everything, a point he emphasized throughout the show after meeting the bachelorettes. He spoke glowingly of the personalities of the women who remained after the first eliminations and seemed really focused on finding the right woman for him. But he lit up like a christmas tree when those average size foxes walked into the room. Is it wrong that I enjoy these shows so much? I really enjoy them. As a matter of fact, I watched three in a row last night starting with the Littlest Groom, moving to My Big Fat Obnoxious Fiance and then finishing up with Average Joe Hawaii. My favorite of the three is definitely My Big Fat Obnoxious Fiance. I will write about that one later.

 Last night, Jon and I had dinner with my parents. We arrived around 4 to some delicious munchies and 2 photo albums my parents pulled out for the occasion of entertaining Jon. Jon suffered that hour nicely as my parents pulled him back and forth between piles of competing family histories in photographs. After the stroll down memory lane we ate some of my mother's good home cooking; beef barley soup with porcini mushrooms, chicken cacciatore (my mom's own recipe) with rice, a wonderful salad with her incredible vinaigrette. Jon and my mother polished off the Sunday Times puzzle while my dad and I caught up a little bit over cigarettes. Then coffee and dessert were served while we started what would be an evening of extremely competitive team Scrabble. We broke up into teams. Jon and I versus my mom and dad. Mom and dad won the game. But they offered us a rematch which we accepted. Thanks to such winning seven letter words as PLANTAIN (made against a loose "N") and AFGHANS, plus excellent letters, wonderful strategizing and a run of several phenomenally high scoring words, such as HAJIS (on a triple word score, with the s connecting to another word) and AX placed on triple letter scores in two directions, we were able to avenge out loss with a score of 429 to 280. Feeling sporting we decided on a third game to give my parents a chance to break the tie of one game to one. Sadly for them, we won that game 300 to 280. That was a much a closer game and it was getting late. By the time we were done with the third game, we had about 25 minutes until our 11 something train which gave us enough time for goodbyes and quick ride to the station provided by my mom. A good time was had by all.

 I thought Valentine's Day would be a good day to write my reaction to the reaction gay unions, marriages, civil joinings are causing. Whether or not being gay is a biological necessity or a psychological choice is really irrelevant. What is relevant is that there are people in this world who are gay and they would like the same rights and entitlements as people who are not. Trying to figure out whether homosexuality is environmental or inherent is not the point. Why is this even a debate? I feel that if people live by the rules laid out in the Ten Commandments then they are generally living good lives. I don't recall any of those commandments forbidding same sex unions. Some people might argue that to be gay does not honor your mother and father. Well, if someone's mother and father accept their child's gay lifestyle than that person is not dishonoring his/her parents. If someone's lifestyle is not causing harm to another person's body or another person's relationship (as in killing another person or coveting a neighbors property or life partner) then they are still living by this basic decency outline. People use the bible as evidence that homosexuality is immoral, that it is a sin. Whether that's true is irrevelant and most likely outdated. I always find those arguments weak. If you're trying to increase your tribe and multiply your numbers, you might make rules preventing same sex unions but believe me, we have enough tribe members all over this planet. So I could see people preventing that like they might prevent people from eating pork for fear of trichonosis. People. Procreation is no longer an issue. What are gay people supposed to do? Go underground? Eject themselves into space? Live in special colonies on special islands in the South Pacific? No. Of course not. If you are straight and celebrating your Valentine's Day with your love one, think about how nice that is; how special you feel; how fortunate you are. Now imagine that heterosexuality has been deemed immoral and even showing the slightest affection offended the family next to you, so much so that people were covering their children's eyes and gasping at your lack of self control. In a world full of hate, love should be encouraged. Life time unions should be encouraged and permitted. Gay people should have the same right to marry, have children, put their partners on their life insurance, give their partners Power of Attorney, plan their estates, etcetera, as the Breeders. Not being gay is my choice for my own personal reasons but those are my reasons and mine alone and they are none of anyone's business. As a woman, I have power over my body with regard to reproductive rights. If I lost those rights I would be devastated. If I were around when those rights were changing for women I would have been very excited. Just imagine how many people's lives would improve if gay unions were made legal. I think opposing gay marriages, unions is a waste of time. If anything, allowing this on a large scale will only help to reinforce family values and encourage tolerance. Happy Valentine's Day.

 urlLink Friday Five 1. Are you superstitious? Yes. 2. What extremes have you heard of someone going to in the name of superstition? Paying a psychic thousands of dollars to remove an "alleged" curse. 3. Believer or not, what's your favorite superstition? I don't have one. It's too hard to choose. 4. Do you believe in luck? If yes, do you have a lucky number/article of clothing/ritual? Yes and no. Yes, I believe in luck but I believe it is random and not up to a number of article, or piece of clothing or a ritual. 5. Do you believe in astrology? Why or why not? Yes and no. Yes, the Chinese Horoscope seems to work well for me. I find that the personality descriptions of the signs, fit people I know to the Tee. No. Western Horoscope doesn't work for me because at the time that the stars were identified, the sky was different, meaning that the stars have shifted because the universe is contantly in motion.

 Dawn has a great urlLink entry today about an event she attended yesterday. The event was a panel discussion on love sponsored by The Week and featured as one of the speakers, Farrah Fawcett. Dawn writes that this was a special gift for her year old self who desired to look like Farrah Fawcett when she grew up. I was also invited to this event by publicist Matthew Caldecutt, but unfortunately, due to my work schedule I was unable to attend. Reading Dawn's entry I was reminded of what my nine year old self wanted to be when I grew up. 50% of me wanted to be Jamie Sommers from the Bionic Woman. Like Dawn, who owned a Farrah Fawcett doll as a little girl, I owned a urlLink BIONIC WOMAN DOLL . The doll was great. It was a great likeness to Lindsay Wagner and had removable panels on her arm and legs. Removing the panels revealed decals of bionic circuitry. I always wanted to have special powers when I was a little girl. Dawn grew up to be a beautiful woman just as she desired. Sadly, I was not able to grow electronic circuitry to improve the strength of my thighs and forearm. Nor was I able to develop super duper hearing. Also, when I run, there is no music playing in the background and if you look at me when I'm running, it appears that I am running in real time and not in slow motion. The other person my nine year old self wanted to be when she grew up was urlLink Nadia Comanici . I was obsessed with her the year she won the olympics and most of my playing was centered around walking back and forth on a picnic bench at my friends house. In my mind, I was performing a balance bar routine. For your amusement, I scanned the photo my mother took during one of these play sessions.

 I'll tell you who. 88% Of The Internet Loves Me! I am loved by 88% of the population, including: 2111 people who love feminists 2128 people who love morning people 2129 people who love windows users In return, I love 65% of the population, including: 1168 naked people 764 masochists 140 politicians urlLink show the love at spacefem.com

 This adorable site, urlLink Parasite Pals , comes to us via urlLink Human Oddities via her friend Red Tide (no link available). I am particularly fond of urlLink Blinky, the Eyelash Mite .

 In this article, entitled urlLink Breast for Success , from the msn.com website, Dahlia Lithwick talks about the reason for the women's team's success on the NBC show urlLink The Apprentice (which I will be staying home to watch tonight by the way). Yes. She is correct that some of the women were hustling their sex appeal to win some of the contests but not all of them are. I can tell you in one episode while a few members of the women's team were shaking their asses to get a vendor to lower the price of gold, in the same episode, there was one woman who actually negotiated down the price of a golf club and all she did was talk. I was quite impressed with her and I continue to be. I hope she stays on the show for a while. And besides, the women actually have been using strategies that extend past their cleavage. To say they have been relying purely on their sex appeal is unfair. This team works well together, they plan well and then do a good job of executing those plans. Pointing out that sex sells is pretty redundant which is what this article does for the umpteenth time. Yes. Sex sells and advertiser's and TV producer's use the sex appeal of women to sell lots of stuff 'n' junk. That's why the producers of The Apprentice put pretty women on the show. That's why the show Joe Average features a beautiful woman picking from shlubby guys and not a beautiful man picking from frumpy women. That's why people tuned in to watch that very weird and almost unwatchable Paris Hilton reality show. That's one of the reasons why people tune in to watch the Soprano's (Bada Bing). That's why 3/4 of the women in this country have self-image problems. Saying that people exploit sexy women to sell their wares is no longer the revelation it once was. It's an accepted reality that most of us have to come to accept and by most of us I mean the general public. The people who have the hardest time accepting this are the ones that write about American culture.

 Caren's guest host was the bubbly Jil. Round 1 - General Knowledge Jill picked 10 questions having to do with Black History Month. Round 2 - Current Events Caren picked 10 questions having to with Current Events Round 3- Top Ten Jill picked the top ten songs picked my Mobil Dee Jays that were the most popular at getting people on to the dance floor at events. We listed these in order from least popular to most popular meaning 10 was 1 and 1 was 10. Round 4 - Audio Round Jill has us guess the titles and artists of 10 songs having to do with love in honor of Valentine's Day Round 5 - Visual Round Also in honor of Valentine's, co-host Jill had us identify 10 photos of people who had the word Love in their name, including such people as Linda Lovelace, Patty Loveless and Jon Lovitz. It was packed last night. I was on the third place team which is always nice. We also won for best team name. We were "I'm looking over that old Mars Rover, that I've overlooked before." For that we won a can of sour cream and onion Pringles. Yummers. I also walked away with a movie poster of MONSTER starring Charlize Theron. The heckling was very special last night. Now I heckle like everyone else, hopefully it is viewed as gentle heckling, teasing of whoever is hosting. Someone crossed the line last night, heckling to the point of hurt feelings. I was very proud of the co-hosts for standing up to the hecklers and pointing out that there is a fine line between heckling and hurting people's feelings. One of the more fun moments of last night's game was the debate as to what was the capitol of Tennessee. It went back and forth for about 10 minutes as we animatedly argued between Knoxville and Nashville. We found out that it was Knoxville for a while and then at some point the capitol was moved to Nashville. The hosts accepted both answers in the end. I encourage people to come and play Tuesday Night Trivia as often as possible. It's great fun and thoroughly stimulating and a great, non-pressure way to meet new people. You never know who is going to be there.

 I'm writing this with this with the hopes of pulling it together for work. I'm gathering my strength, collecting my thoughts, forcing the issue. I went to Trivia last night for the first time in weeks. A break in the weather allowed me to end my winter hibernation early. I didn't get in too late. 11pm to be precise, but if you figure in time for unwinding, catching up on some phone calls and checking the blogs, I didn't get to sleep until after midnight. Then I had a strange dream. One where I figured out a way to travel back into time. But I didn't go as far back as one would think. I went back to 1986 and hung out with people I know now but didn't know me back then. I think it was just an excuse to see my grandmother again because she popped into the dream at the end. We walked, talked and flew because I convinced my grandmother this was an alternative realty and we wouldn't get hurt if we jumped over the ledge to floors below. As in many of my dreams, I was in a large structure with many floors, doors and no exits. Calling Dr. Freud. Calling Dr. Freud. It was nice to visit with my grandmother again. She passed away over a decade ago. I really miss my grandparents sometimes.

 So. I gave you the general version of our great trip to Atlantic City. Here is one of the more fun of the details. urlLink We arrived at Port Authority just in time for an Academy Bus. Our timing was pretty good because we made a bus that was leaving in five minutes. We found a seat together all the way in the back, yes by the bathroom, but I wasn't too worried figuring most people are like me and would only use a bus bathroom in a dire emergency. We were enjoying a quiet but bumpy trip there in the back and the privacy was pretty nice. Along the way we stopped at a rest stop a one person got on. There were a few empty seats on the rest of the bus so when that one person got on I told Jon not to make a contact and not to move his stuff. And wouldn't you know it. This big pant load of a guy asked Jon to move his stuff so he could sit. Actually he said "Could you move your stuff? I need to sit there." He NEEDED to sit there as if it were some kind of weird gambling ritual. This portly man, squeezed into the small seat next to Jon with his knees in the way of the bathroom door and remained there, motionless staring foward for the remaining half hour of the trip. I couldn't figure out whey he needed to sit there but in the end we did get some good advice from him. He told us to go to the SANDS because they gave a bigger redemption than the other Casinos. So that's what we need and we each got $20 back. I was just so annoyed that he had to squeeze in there when there was a comfortable and roomy seat next to the woman who was sitting in front of us. Most annoying was that he held that woman's seat with his left hand for the whole trip meaning that his left arm was kind of in Jon's face. Of course, we are both so nice we didn't say anything. We just worked on the Sunday Times crossword, played tic tac toe, played hangman and wrote nasty notes to each other about the guy sitting next to us. Ultimately, we had a nice day. But I wanted to remember every detail about the bus ride in so I could write about it here. And now I've done that. Now, I am going to work on a Powerpoint presentation for work tomorrow. Actually, I'm just using Powerpoint for this presentation because ultimately, it's going to be printed and bound but it is a good design program for organizing such thoughts.

 Someone got to my blog by searching for my nephew's name plus the word bris.

 Atlantic City was great!! First time I've been there, ever. Jon and I took a bus from Port Authority which dropped us off at The Sands. As soon as we walked in, I was awed by the noises and flashing lights of the slot machines. There were so many. Jon saw I was overwhelmed, so he suggested we walk on the boardwalk down to the Playcade where we could play some Skee Ball. I can't remember the last time I played that but that was incredibly fun. That may have even been the first time I played. Wow. We won enough tickets to buy a miniature travel size Connect Four game. Walking back to the Sands, we noticed some cool things. A lot of the streets have state names so at the end of the streets, where they meet the boardwalk, the city planners placed a state related object. For example, at the end of Florida Street are two enormous flamingos. At the end of Missouri street is an Arch. Arkansas street only had the state symbol. I guess a full size reproduction of Bill Clinton would have been a little much. Back at the Sands, after a refreshing walk by the beach, I was ready to try the slots. I've never been a casino at first. Jon was very specific about how I should play the slots. He said to play slowly, so I don't lose as fast. This didn't make sense as I thought I was going to win. Sure enough, I lost my 20 dollars in comp quarters rather quickly. But it was fun. Jon was at the roulette table. I couldn't watch. Gambling seems like a waste to me but I have to admit it was awfully fun and it was fun to see him at the roulette table. He looked sexy sitting there, putting chips down, taking a chance that way. I had so much fun. Unfortunately, I couldn't find the right battery for my 18 year old, Pentax K-1000 non-digital, 35 mm single lens reflex camera, otherwise I would have photographed the cool tackiness of everything. After getting in I put on the Grammies. The first thing I saw was Beyonce giving her gold medal winning performance in the vocal gymnastics event. Then some more people sang and won awards. It was alright. I'm not that into the Grammies for some reason. Probably because of the 245 commercials CBS played in the hour or so I watched it. The highlight for me was watching OUTKAST perform with Earth Wind and Fire. Of course, that segment died for me when George Clinton came out with P FunK? I don't think one member of that group looked appealing or sang in key. It was actually kind of a depressing segment toward the end. But like I said, I did enjoy I Like the Way You Move. Outkast can rap. I thought you might all like to see a picture of Jon and Me. He's the handsome one with the glasses. I'm the incredibly happy looking one with the big goofy smile. Thanks to my friend Lilo for sending the pictures from LA. She took this one when we were at the bar with our friends celebrating her birthday. She came in for a few days to be with us and to see the city at Christmas time. Thanks again Lilo. It was so good to see you.

 Woke up early. Had coffee. Had breakfast out. Came home. Watched a science program on TV about body bugs including photographs of fleas. Started watching my Saturday guilty pleasure Beastmaster, fell asleep for a four hour nap. Had to bail on visiting new born nephew because of a scratchy throat, sneezing and a sniffly nose. Supposed to be researching busses for our day trip tomorrow to Atlantic City. Feeling overwhelmed by the bevy of non-specific information available on the Internet. Not quite knowing where to start. Choosing this style of writing because the I's and I AM's are implied. Tired of always starting every sentence with I.

 urlLink urlLink Nggghhaahhh! urlLink Grrr arrr Rum and Monkey.

 urlLink Man Stays Up All Night Procrastinating

 In this urlLink interview , Uri Geller weighs in on UFO's and extraterrestrials

 While you're working your way through internet this Saturday, be sure to listen to Tony Hightower's latest installment on urlLink Area 52 , The Echo Apartment. Mr. Hightower's goal with this site is to post 1 song a week in 2004. He invites people to offer feedback. I find this an exciting idea and encourage you to support this young artist's efforts.

 Saturday morning . . . again. Took out the trash . . . again. Just before the sun started to break through yesterday's clouds, the sky was grey and moody. It wasn't too cold. It wasn't warm. It was perfect. I sat on the front stairs of my building and looked up at the sky and it occurred to me that no matter where you are, if you look up, you will be seeing the same sky as me. They should work that into the Pledge of Allegiance somehow.... one nation under one sky that would make more sense.

 CAUCUS CERAMIC BOWLS urlLink

 Whenever I hear about a missing child like Carlie Brucia, I think about my own childhood and my overprotective parents. When I was a child, I wasn't allowed to do anything or go anywhere. At 12 years old, I wasn't even allowed to take the city bus. My parents insisted on knowing my friends and their parents before I went to their houses. I hardly ever went to slumber parties and all in all I didn't have a lot of independence. When I was a child, I thought this was the worst of all fates. I had no independence, no privacy. All of my activities were closely monitored. When my mother started working outside of the home, my father started working from our garage so there was always an adult around. As I got a little older, I had a little independence in the area of walking to and from school. But even then, I had to be home by a certain time if not to practice or do my homework, to deliver newspapers or baby sit or do chores. When I think back to those walks home from school, I can remember several times when a man would pull up along side me in a car and say he was a friend of my father's and that I should get in the car with him because my father asked him to give me a ride home. I never did. Because we were all so close, granted maybe a little too close, I knew all of my parents' friends and knew when a stranger was really a stranger. There were also a couple times when I was approached while delivering my papers by men who wanted to marry 13/14 year old me to one of their sons in their home country. My parents were amazing. They were ahead of their time. Anything can go wrong at any time even to children of the most loving and overprotective parents. When I think about the strangers who approached me either on my way home from school or on my paper route, I'm thankful that my parents taught me to be cautious and I'm thankful that they were so careful about screening my friends. In college, I ran into one of my friends from the block who disappeared the year I turned 10 years old. She told me the uncle of one of our other block friends had molested her and that her family had to move for her sanity and that she had been through years of therapy. Consider that my parents knew the uncle, the parents, the grandmother and the children from that extended family who were my friends. The uncle never laid a hand on me, but how sad for my friend. Remember, I said my parents screened everybody carefully. That could easily have been me. Anyway, I think you get the point. When I'm a parent, I'll risk alienating my children for the benefit of their safety because one day they will grow up and come back to me and say thank you for protecting them, just like I do with my parents. Even under the best of circumstances, even if you're doing the best you job you can, even you are the nicest and best people in the world, bad things still happen because life and all it has to offer, both good and bad, is random at best

 Caren writes in the comment section regarding the below post, "Who do you hope it is?" She asks a good question. I retitled the below post, I Hope It's Not True, because I wouldn't wish her fate on anyone. On a lighter note, here are my answers to the urlLink Friday Five . 1. What's the most daring thing you've ever done? I ran for Homecoming Queen even though I was one of the less popular girls in my Senior High School class. I did it because I wanted to. Not because I thought I was going to win. It was daring and a little fun because it surprised people that I was running, so much so, that they would ask me with disgust "Why are YOU running for Homecoming Queen"? 2. What one thing would you like to try that your mother/friend/significant other would never approve of? Be in an altered state for days on end and make art. 3. On a scale of 1-10, what's your risk factor? (1=never take risks, 10=it's a lifestyle) When you're a timid person, who doesn't like crowds, has low self-esteem and thinks of him/herself as shy, everything that involves speaking to large groups or heading into a large crowd is risk so I would have to say my risk factor is a 10. It's all relative. 4. What's the best thing that's ever happened to you as a result of being bold/risky? Producing and directing an off-Broadway event with some friends from an acting class was definitely a risk but well worth it. Hosting bar trivia opened up my life to a whole new bunch of friends. 5. ... and what's the worst? Insulting my mother as a small child in front of a group of other children I thought were my friends in order to impress them.

 urlLink A body believed to be the remains of missing Florida girl Carlie Brucia was found early Friday behind a church off Interstate 75, law enforcement sources in Sarasota told CNN.

 The man who authorities believe kidnapped Carlie Brucia was apprehended, thank to a tip from his housemate. urlLink Housemate tips police to Smith after seeing video Sadly, Carlie is still missing. If you have any information about where she might be please link urlLink here to get the contact information.

 Today was Thursday, Thursday, Thursday. It was not a fun day, a fun day. At all. I am sooooo happy to be home finally after one of the more painful days of work I've had to endure. Not that I'm not happy to have a job, not that I'm not happy to do what I did today. I went through 3000 brochures that we had printed for a client, that came back with covers that spanned the color spectrum. Meaning that many of the covers did not match. The printer we used for the job sent us 3000 brochures with at least 14 different color variations of the cover. My job today was to match what I could, box them up and tomorrow I'll ship them to the client. We arranged a credit from the printer that of course we will pass on to the client. It seems I had a bit of an allergic reaction to handling this many freshly printed brochures. My hands are red and peeling just the slightest bit and my skin is breaking out into scales of some kind around my eyes and nose. My eyes, I might add, are also a little puffy. I discovered the printer's mistake, comparing the brochures to our match print and I am glad we were able to arrange some compensation for the job and again I was glad to do this job as the client will hopefully not notice the differences in the covers because of how they are boxed. But it was just a long and busy day. I just took a bath and scrubbed myself with sea salt from head to toe but somehow I still can feel and smell the ink.

 As much as the rain and milder temperatures helped, there was no complete clearing of some of the tougher piles of snow. The temperature dipped last night icing over anything that melted but didn't reach the sewers. It's an icy city once again.

 Cockeyed Absurdist posted that urlLink American culture has finally shit the bed . I'm guessing he writes this because Johnny Depp is probably going to play Willy Wonka in a remake of the 19971 classic urlLink Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory . Directed by Tim Burton, he at least has the decency to call the movie urlLink Charlie and the Chocolate Factory . Here the director shows respect for the book of the urlLink same name . I have a very clear memory of my fourth grade teacher, Mrs. Pressner, reading the book to us aloud. But I have to agree with Cockeyed Absurdist. While he doesn't explain the reason for his remark I can only imagine it's because Johnny Depp is no subsitute for Gene Wilder from the original movie. And probably because this nice experience from our childhoods is going to be reshot, rewritten and rereleased against the collective memory of Gen X'ers everywhere. Here is the urlLink link. Note that at the time of the article, Johnny Depp is only considering the role and has not agreed to do it.

 Earlier I wrote that the rain made a lot of the yucky snow melt away. In combination with today's much warmer weather, more melted away. Walking through urlLink Madison Square Park , I noticed that the grass was showing on the park's own little Great Lawn and wouldn't you know it, the grass is still green.

 Inspired by urlLink Amanda , I am going to continue listing the searches that bring people to my site. Janet Jackson breast and variations thereof ( sorry, no images of the breast here ) Kim Richards ( linking to my old website ) Maria Shriver wedding ring

 I first heard about the Labradoodle from urlLink Of Moops and Men . I thought this strange that someone would breed a Labrador with a Standard Poodle. According this urlLink little news blurb , "experts" are still deciding whether or not this is a good idea. Looks pretty cute to me.

 According to urlLink this article , the Janet Jackson half-time strip tease is the most searched event on the internet.

 This is one of the latest searches to lead someone here. Sling Blade Answering machine messages

 Yesterday's rain succeeded in ridding the streets of New York of those filthy, dirty, disgusting left over piles of snow from last week's storm. While there remain a few piles here and there, most of it is gone. This is good because I do believe the weather men have predicted more snow for this weekend coming up. Mother Nature now has a nice clean canvas to paint her broad strokes of discomfort and inconvience. I think she is working in cahoots with Puxatawny Phil.

 Perusing the urlLink Drudge Report today, I found an interesting article about a urlLink museum in China that is displaying corpses. Truly weird and wonderful .

 On the urlLink Today Show this morning, Matt Lauer conducted an interview via satellite with the parents of Carlie Brucia, an 11 year old girl, who was abducted on a busy thoroughfare in Sarasota, Florida. In the surveillance footage (from what source, I'm not exactly sure) you can see her being led away by a younger man to goodness only knows where. The parents pleas were sincere and sad. I'll never understand the people who kidnap children and willingly cause this kind of pain to other human beings. Here is a link for the urlLink Florida Department of Law Enforcement with Carlie Brucia's information, including who to contact in case you have anything to contribute to the investigation. My heart goes out to the family of Carlie and to those of all the missing children.

 Good News The snow that is moving into our general area will most likely turn to rain by the time it hits urlLink New York City because of our mild temperatures. Bad News I was disappointed to read on CNN's site that urlLink Janet Jackson had indeed planned a costume reveal at the end of her half-time show, one that the producers of the show were not aware of.

 I found something absolutely wonderful and weird at urlLink A Violently Executed Blog . urlLink Inter-face

 I thought it important that I weigh in on the boob sighting during last night's halftime show. If you take a look at the photo, both Janet Jackson and Justin Timberlake look shocked, dismayed and completely embarrased at what happened. Both have apologized profusely for the accidentally baring of Miss Jackson's bejewelled breast. What I don't get, is how I missed this. I watched the half-time show, anxiously awaiting the surprise guest, not at all impressed that it was Justin Timberlake. I was watching with a room full of people for the party I went to yesterday was a Super Bowl party. We all missed it. I'm sure a lot of people missed it. CBS cut away so fast, how could anyone really have seen it? Well. The people I work with saw it and apparently so did all the urlLink press sydicates . I found Kid Rock's use of the American Flag as a poncho rather offensive but I haven't yet read a story about his flag-turned-serape get-up. And where exactly did he "respectfully" throw the American Flag when he was done? I'm not exactly sure but he did throw it. It's so not shocking that I couldn't even find an image or story to link to for this posting. What's amazing to me is the uproar this is causing. The FCC is going to thoroughly investigate whether or not this was an accident. (This money will no doubt come from the same money tree from which they picked the funds to investigate Blackout 2003.) Do they even know Janet Jackson? Does this even seem remotely like some stunt she would agree to? I don't think so. She's a nice woman. Yes. She is very sexy. But she always comes off as a very modest person. The most I've ever seen her expose of anything is her belly button with everything else covered up nicely. Maybe once, I saw her collar bone. I mean, look at the outfit she was wearing, in a not so cold Texas. She was really covered up. I am a cynical person and not even I believe that this was a planned accident. Apparently, I urlLink am urlLink alone urlLink in this stance. And to call it "Janet Jackson's X-rated half-time show performance",as I just heard it called on a teaser for the ten'o'clock news, is overstating it quite a bit. After all, her breast was not even completely bare.

 urlLink Bush announces outside probe of Iraq intelligence.

 As promised, I went to that party yesterday, defying all laws of Lazy Sunday. Actually, it was a nice, busy day all together. I attempted to go clothes shopping to take advantage of the tax free week our Mayor gives us from time to time to help out the city's economy. Sadly, when I found clothes I liked, they were either too expensive or I couldn't find them in my size. Clothes that I did find in my sizes were so ridiculously overpriced that even 50% off and tax free was not enough of an incentive. Some stores, I knew better than going into, the ones clearly designed for teeny boppers, size 4 or less. But the GAP? Come on. I should have been able to find something at the GAP. While I am not an obese person, I am also not a thin person. The GAP has these adorable polka dotted blouses in different colors that I really wanted but sadly, even the XL wasn't cut properly for me. It was more like a medium. I think the GAP has been using anorectics to size their clothing. Not to be discouraged, I met up with my boyfriend for some quiet time before "the party". We read aloud to each other which is a wonderful thing to do with someone else. I'd read about it on someone else's blog and it sounded so nice I wanted to give it a try. We read to each other from urlLink Sister Carrie by urlLink Theodore Dreiser , a truly wonderful book. Later in the afternoon, we made our way to the party and there were many interesting people there. I ended up talking to more people than I have ever spoken with at a party. Usually, in the past, I've been pretty shy about talking to people I barely know. For some reason, yesterday, it was okay. I guess because I knew and liked the host. I knew several people who were there and as the party went on, I realized that this is my circle of friends and of course I would be having a good time. Shyness is not a chronic condition with me but one that chooses the oddest times to visit. Last night, shyness stayed away and allowed me to have a good time. With Friday night to myself, a movie with friends on Saturday and the party on Sunday, all in all I'd say I had a wonderful weekend.

 Less than an hour ago, that stinking little rodent, urlLink Puxatawny Phil emerged from his hole and saw his shadow meaning six more weeks of winter.

 Last night, I met up with my posse (okay . . . my two friends) near Rockefeller Centre. We went down town to 34th and 8th where there's a new Lowes theater that charges only $9.00 movie. We saw Big Fish. I don't really have anything to say about the movie right now, beyond that I enjoyed it. What I did not enjoy was how wickedly cold it was when we got out of the movie theater, 3 hours later (including waiting for the movie to start and half an hour of advertisements and previews). Before going out, I bundled up so well that I was sweating on my way onto the Rock (Manhattan). I was sweating in the subway, sweating in the lobby of the theater, etcetera, you get the idea. By the time we got out, I felt perfectly fine, even a little bit chilly under my layers. Once the wind started whipping up, all resemblance to warm weather was gone.

 Today is Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday It will be a so so day, so so day All day long. Welcome weary Wednesday Warriors!! It's the middle of the standard work week. Are you ready for some more fun at the office? I know I am. ============================================== Glacial Grafiti A few days ago, AOL posted a story about an artist who painted a glacier red with lots and lots of red meat dye. I've been trying in vain to find a photo of this that I can post or link to. Here is why. I wanted you to see it so I can talk about the unusual choice of the artist. I do think it is strange that someone would take a piece of nature and try to improve upon it. But that's not what I found weird about the story. 1) someone painted a glacier 2) he/she painted it with meat dye Were you aware that there is such a thing as meat dye? Is the meat I'm buying in the supermarket dyed red to look fresher? If I can find this image you will be the first to know. ========================================== American Idol My guilty pleasure. My reason to blow off a social activity I've been attending weekly for some time now. I watched it last night. The guest judges were Ashford and Simpson. The theme was Motown. The teenager didn't fare too well. He sang MY GIRL entirely off key. I fear he will be voted off tonight. But the show was pretty great all around. They have some good singers on the show this year.

 For everyone who is sitting at a desk somewhere, sneaking a peak at the internet, to clear your minds for the next pile of shit to pass across your desk. . . I salute you. For everyone who is working from home, taking a break from the mundanity of it all by perusing through your friends' blog entries. . . I salute you. For anyone who doesn't have to work either at home or in some artificially lit soul sucking corporate office, I salute you too and congratulate you on being so lucky that you have the luxury to spend your time without the worry of earning money, raising kids or keeping house.

 Well, I didn't quite make it into work on Saturday as planned. The life of Saturday took over. After having a nice morning with Jon, food shopping and then relaxing a little before making a nice dinner, I actually ran out of time to go into Manhattan to work. Then on Sunday, I helped a friend move in next door which took the day and the evening was spent at a friend's birthday party. The time in between was spent getting ready. This weekend took on a life of it's own that was almost spontaneous and unplanned. That's the way weekends should be. It was nice. How was your weekend?

 urlLink Vidiot linked to a great article on urlLink The Nation website written by someone who attended the Radio and Television thing and here it is: urlLink Capital Games by David Corn

 Apparently I'm not alone in feeling disappointed with Pres. Bush's seemingly "humorous" comments about the WMDs. Not surprisingly Democrats are coming down hard on him, equally non-amused at the President making jokes about sending our troops to war under seemingly false pretenses. ================================================= urlLink Democrats Call Bush's Comedy Skit Tasteless Washington Post Published on: 03/26/04 WASHINGTON -- President Bush's joking references to a search for weapons of mass destruction in the White House drew criticism from Democrats, who said the after-dinner remarks were tasteless and insensitive. At the annual Radio and Television Correspondents Association event in Washington on Wednesday, Bush playfully provided mock captions to a series of photographs taken in and around the White House. The president's "White House Election Year Album" included pokes at himself, Vice President Dick Cheney and his presumed Democratic opponent, Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass.

 Remember this article the next time someone comments about how harmless Pres Bush's jokes were about not being able to find the Weapons of Mass Destruction. urlLink Report Details Low US Army Morale, Suicide In Iraq

 I was listening to the radio last night, to help quiet down my brain, so I could sleep. And before I nodded off, I heard a news commentator (not sure of his name on WOR am radio around 11) go off on President Bush's speech to the Radio and Television Correspondents Assocation Dinner. The commentator was particularly non-impressed with Bush's jokes about finding weapons of mass destruction. I have to agree that making jokes about sending people to war because you received faulty information is in truly bad taste. People are dying over there, at least 500 have died. People are getting wounded over there, at least 3000 or so. Getting wounded means anything from permanent paralysis, loss of limbs, getting hit my shrapnel, friendly fire or just plain old shell shock, the kind of injury that can't be seen but is just as permanent. I don't see any humor in that. Here is the transcript of the President's speech which I found at the urlLink Town Hall News website. Tell me what you think. ================================================ urlLink President's Remarks at Correspondents' Dinner (Editor's note: What follows is a transcript of remarks by President Bush at the Radio and Television Correspondents Association dinner in Washington on March 24, 2004, provided by the White House Press Office.) THE PRESIDENT: Thank you all. Thank you. Thanks for inviting me -- finally. (Laughter.) And thank you for honoring David Bloom. It was a fantastic speech you gave for a man you loved. I am sorry Laura couldn't be here. And I'm sorry Secretary Rumsfeld is not here, either. The guy constantly surprises me. Do you know what Rummy's favorite TV show is? "Queer Eye for the Straight Guy." (Laughter.) My Cabinet could take some pointers from watching that show. In fact, I'm going to have the Fab Five do a make over on Ashcroft. (Laughter.) Anyway, it's nice to be with you. A couple of years ago when I was here, I read from my book of "Misarticalations." (Laughter.) Fortunately, my verbal phonation and electricution -- (laughter) -- have improved. So tonight I'm going to do one of my slide shows. These are actual, unstaged photos pulled from the files of the White House Photo Office. So, ladies and gentlemen, I present a White House Election-Year Album. (Applause.) As you know, the contest with my opponent is going to be a slugfest. I'm feeling good. (Laughter.) I'm feeling ready. (Laughter.) I'm psyching myself up for the fight. (Laughter.) I knew it was going to be a tough campaign when Karl Rove started dressing like this. (Laughter.) And this is Condi Rice, of course. Here I am trying to explain John Kerry's foreign policy. (Laughter.) I have to admit it really ticked me off when Democrats questioned my National Guard service in Alabama. Here's a photo proving that I was in Alabama fulfilling my duties. (Laughter.) Political campaigns always have their unexpected moments. This next photo is when I heard that Senator McCain said he was considering being Kerry's running mate. (Laughter.) The next one was taken a couple of months ago. I had just gotten word that Howard Dean had lost Iowa. (Laughter and applause.) In addition to campaign calls, I also spend a lot of time on the phone listening to our European allies. (Laughter.) The conversation went like this: "Hey, John, Kim Jung-il here." (Laughter.) "Just wanted to call and let you know you're my guy." (Laughter.) Those weapons of mass destruction have got to be somewhere. (Laughter and applause.) As you can tell from the look on Andy Card's face, we've become a little concerned about the Vice President lately. (Laughter.) Whenever you ask him a question, he replies, "Let's see what my little friend says." (Laughter.) But we get along well. Here I am saying, "Dick, if the Hunan Palace doesn't get lunch here in four minutes, we're going out." (Laughter.) Nope, no weapons over there. (Laughter and applause.) Maybe under here. (Laughter.) Oops, this photo wasn't supposed to be in here. This is the Skull and Bones secret signal. (Laughter.) I'm not paranoid. (Laughter.) But it was at this point in my presidency that I had a strange feeling somebody was following me. (Laughter.) One thing about being President is you get lots of advice. Yes, Mother. (Laughter.) Yes, Mother. (Laughter.) Mother, would you just listen to us for once. (Laughter.) I like this next picture a lot. It's hard to get Rumsfeld to laugh, but when he does, boy, it is worth it. (Laughter.) This photo was taken down at the ranch, and as you can tell, Barney is not very happy with me. This is the day I told him he'd been neutered. (Laughter.) And this is the day that Barney got his revenge. (Laughter.) Now, on long flights, the staff and I often play cards. The key to playing Poker is keeping a straight face and never letting your opponent know what you're thinking. (Laughter.) Actually, this is on the way to the G8 summit. Once I got these trading cards, it's easy to remember the names of the foreign leaders. (Laughter and applause.) All Presidents have dreams and aspirations of what their legacy will be. Here they are measuring me for Mt. Rushmore. (Laughter.) But I do have a few serious photos to show you, in closing. It's photos like these that mean the most to me. Some of our Special Forces sent me this last picture. The faces are blurred in the slide because they remain in harm's way. The photo hangs in my private study next to the Oval Office. To honor those who died on September the 11th, and to make a statement of their own commitment to this country's security, these Americans buried a piece of the World Trade Center in a place in Afghanistan where the al Qaeda once ran free. They wrote that they held a ceremony, which was far more emotional than they had expected. The team leader wrote a prayer and a dedication. Let me read you one sentence from that dedication. "We consecrate this spot as an everlasting memorial to the brave Americans who died on September the 11th, so that all who would seek to do her harm will know that America will not stand by and watch terror prevail." We will not stand by. The greatest honor being President is leading such men and women. We have the freedom we enjoy tonight because they protect that freedom. And may God protect them. Thank you very much. (Applause.)

 Today is Friday, Friday, Friday It will be a fun day, fun day all day long. Welcome to Friday!!! I am so happy it's Friday. Hopefully, today won't feel too long. I'll just make myself really, really, busy so it goes by faster. Do you think that will work?

 How did trivia go last night? I know that's what you've been thinking about since you read that I was hosting last night. Well. Not badly. Something you should know about me. I used to have a fear of public speaking. I've done a little work to get over it. Supervising people and leading project meetings, acting classes and hosting trivia. Last night was one of those nights where I recognized how difficult it really is for me to speak to large groups. At other times I've enjoyed it. Last night, not so much. I had a hard time guaging whether or not people were enjoying themselves. There was never any moment of silence. I couldn't get the group engaged enough that they were hanging on my every word. I realize that this is not a realistic expectation. I also realize that if people were talking a lot, it's most likely because they were conferring with their teams for answers. The turnout was pretty good. 14 teams, at least 60 people although I didn't take a head count. Admittedly, some of my questions were pretty hard. I asked when the Hundred Years' War ended and where Princess Juliana was Queen. My co-host rounded out the difficulty of my questions with three rounds about TV. While his questions weren't exactly always easy, they were fun. But some people were clapping at the end so I guess we didn't do too badly. I just wish I could come away with that good feeling after a public speaking engagement. Then I will have truly overcome my fear. I led the General Knowlege and Current Events rounds and Kory, my very able co-host led the Top Ten list, and the Audio and Visual Rounds. Just so you know, we come up with the questions are selves. It is both challenging and fun.

 I'm reporting live from Madison Square Park or there abouts. How is everybody doin' today? Ca va? Ca va. So. . . .listen. . . tonight, I'm like hosting this like great trivia event with like my friend Kory and I'm like hoping you all can like make it. It's like at the urlLink Baggott Inn and it starts at like, 7:30, you know?. Click on the Baggott link to get more information.

 (Via urlLink Vidiot - for complete article, click on the article title below.) urlLink Bush Campaign Gear Made in Burma His campaign store sells a pullover from nation whose products he has banned from being sold in the U.S. BY LAUREN WEBER STAFF WRITER March 18, 2004, 9:49 PM EST The official merchandise Web site for President George W. Bush's re-election campaign has sold clothing made in Burma, whose goods were banned by Bush from the U.S. last year to punish its military dictatorship. The merchandise sold on www.georgewbushstore.com includes a $49.95 fleece pullover, embroidered with the Bush-Cheney '04 logo and bearing a label stating it was made in Burma, now Myanmar. The jacket was sent to Newsday as part of an order that included a shirt made in Mexico and a hat not bearing a country-of-origin label. The Bush merchandise is handled by Spalding Group, a 20-year-old supplier of campaign products and services in Louisville, Ky., that says it worked for the last five Republican presidential nominees. Ted Jackson, Spalding's president, said, "We have found only one other in our inventory that was made in Burma. The others were made in the U.S.A." He said the company had about 60 of thefleece pullovers in its warehouse, and that a supplier included the Burma product by mistake.

 Here are the answers to the urlLink Friday Five , one day late. If you... 1. ...owned a restaurant, what kind of food would you serve? If I was interested in making money, I would serve the food that I think would sell the best - good ole fashioned comfort food. If I was interested in feeding people to make them healthy, I wouldn't own a restaurant, because less people want to pay for a bowl of lettuce than they do a big, sloppy slice of meatloaf or bowl of mac and cheese. 2. ...owned a small store, what kind of merchandise would you sell? If I owned a restaurant whose primary focus was comfort food, I would also try to own a sporting goods store where people could buy the means to work off the food they ate at my restaurant. If I was interested in owning a store that didn't make any money I would sell parapsychology paraphernalia eg tarot cards and readings, candles, books of spells, spiritual readings and cleansings. I would also have a room in the back where instructors could teach lessons on how to read tarot cards. 3. ...wrote a book, what genre would it be? TWO WORDS 1. Vengeance 2. Fiction 4. ...ran a school, what would you teach? If I ran a school . . . . . I would teach . . . . . .manners and self-confidence, but I would never run a school. 5. ...recorded an album, what kind of music would be on it? If I had the ability to compose music and then lay it down I would compose classical music, counterpoint style for 20 flutes, 10 each devoted to either of the two points of view.

 Just woke up in my brother's fantastic apartment. It was like waking up in a house. My brother and his wife, have a huge apartment in an undisclosed section of Queens- two bedrooms, huge living room, dining room, kitchen, two bathrooms and a balcony. My studio apartment could fit in this one 2 and a half times. Aside from enjoying the comfort of resting in this beautiful space, I am very proud of the two of them for how hard they work, for knowing how to live, and for being great parents. It's weird when your younger sibling moves ahead of you. He is so far ahead of me right now, I don't know if I'll ever catch up. Am I jealous? Well, I used to be but that was a long time ago. I just love him too much to really be jealous anymore. As a couple, my brother and sister-in-law work well together and they work hard. They just seem to know how to figure things out better than I can. They work hard and move forward. I work hard and stay in place or move laterally in circles (literally). Well, hopefully one day I'll figure it out. I guess it doesn't hurt that they have each other to move each other forward. Yeah. They are really good together.

 It was a snowy week. Those of us in the know, were expecting one last blast of winter after our premature spring. I called in sick twice this week. Well, actually, Wednesday, I called in sick. Today, I left after a couple of hours. Just had to get something done so I went in, I did it and then I went home. I should have stuck it out though. We were probably going to get paid today. I think we were supposed to get paid yesterday but it's hard to tell. We usually get paid the Thursday, a week after the 15th and then after the end of the month. But this week, the 15th started the week...so, I'm not even sure we were getting paid this week anyway. I'm feeling better, I guess. I worked pretty hard yesterday, pushing myself just a little too much, so I was feeling a little blah today. =================================================================== I'm at my brother's, cat sitting. Tried to meet a friend nearby to pickup something I need for Tuesday Night Trivia but alas, my friend was a no show. Too bad. ===================================================================

 urlLink The Friday Five 1. What was the last song you heard? The last song I heard was the one in my head this morning on the Subway. It is one of those songs I used to sing playing one of those clapping hands games you play with other little girls. I used to sing it when I was eight on the playground in elementary school. It goes a like this. (if you remember this one, join in at anytime): UNA Dociana. HIT IT! My momma told me six years ago It wasn't too let me to let me go She said "Eeny meeny, disalini, ooh ah thumbalini Achi kachi Liberaci I love you. Take a peach, take a plumb take a stick of bubble gum Not a peach, nor a plumb, nor a stikc of bubble bum. I like coffee, I like tea I like a little boy and he likes me so step right up boy you don't shine I'll get another boy to beat your behind Last night and the night before My boyfriend took me to the candy store He bought I ice cream, he bought me cake, he bought me home with tummy I ache I said momma, momma I feel sick Call the doctor. QUICK QUICK QUICK. Doctor doctor Will I die? No my dear Just close your eyes and count to ten. . . . 2. What were the last two movies you saw? Singin' in the Rain, Revenge of the Nerds 3. What were the last three things you purchased? A pack of cigarettes, a grilled muenster cheese sandwich with bacon, a cup of coffee 4. What four things do you need to do this weekend? Send my taxes to my accountant, my laundry, rest, and master the game ROLLER COASTER TYCOON 5. Who are the last five people you talked to? Our sign vendor, my manager, our company's designer, a nice lady on the phone who had some information for my company, the teller at the bank.

 Some of my friends have noticed that I haven't been blogging too much lately. I guess I've been kind of busy with other things and I'm a little bit overwhelmed with what's happening in this country. I've started providing some links to articles written by more eloquent writers that touch on what others and I see as happening in this country. Since, the bearing of Janet Jackson's breast, I've noticed that I am living in an extremely conservative country, well hypocritically conservative anyway. I still can't wrap my words around what I see is going on but here are is a small list of items I feel are related and bothersome. - the backlash AGAINST gay marriage. Honestly, folks, why this is an issue? It's not like people are going to stop fucking and having kids. Leave these people alone!!! - Janet Jackson's boob was accidentally exposed during the superbowl and caused serious backlash. This was probalby due to the unexpected sex during expected and brutal violence. Is it really okay for people's children to watch a game as violent and bloody and full of war metaphors as football but really not okay for them to see a little nipple? Does anyone else find that hypocritical or contradictory?) - high unemployment rates and a jobless economic recovery. Does this need an explanation? - FCC's attack against radio stations. I smell censorship in the air. - the ecstatic reaction of some who have seen THE PASSION OF THE CHRIST and believe it is GOSPEL Some of the same people who are violently opposed to violence in movies and on television because it is bad for kids seem to be some of the same people who are making their kids watch an extremely violent movie about the death of their Saviour. - the MARS expedition - the lies about the war in IRAQ (still working on that one) - our once again increasing national deficit MARS plus IRAQ equals deficit What do you think America? What's going on?

 This is a very special story about religion and politics blending in a most unnatural way. ======================================================= urlLink Fellowship finances townhouse where 6 congressmen live By LARA JAKES JORDAN Associated Press WASHINGTON Six members of Congress live in a million-dollar Capitol Hill townhouse that is subsidized by a secretive religious organization, tax records show. The lawmakers, all of whom are Christian, pay low rent to live in the stately red brick, three-story house on C Street, two blocks from the Capitol. It is maintained by a group, alternately known as the ''Fellowship'' and the ''Foundation,'' that brings together world leaders and elected officials through religion. Click on any of the underlined above, for the whole article.

 Do you remember that Presidential election a few years back when the media announced the voting results from Florida too early, thereby misrepresenting the winner of that state and then erroneously predicting that Al Gore was President? Well so do I. For the record, Florida, nobody really believed that the media was to blame for the wrong candidate being announced winner. And we also didn't believe that after years of voting in a certain style, that all of a sudden your residents didn't remember how to handle their ballots. urlLink Grand Theft America

 If a bird only uses his right wing to fly, the bird is going to fly in circles and eventually the bird will spiral down and crash. It feels like our country is turning right wing Christian right under our noses. I have no problem with Christians and no problem with right wing hardliners but the combination is no good and goes against that belief that we shouldn't mix religion with politics. If we're not careful, we're all going to be transported back in time when women and minorities had little to no rights and gays and lesbians weren't even visible in our society. Talk amongst yourselves.

 . . . Tuesday, Tuesday. It will be a fun day, fun day all day long. urlLink Tuesday n : the third day of the week; the second working day [syn: Tuesday, Tues] That's a definition I can get behind.

 Gotta' call from an old friend, we use to be real close....... I received a phone call from a friend last night that I haven't spoken to in a long time. It was my turn to respond and I didn't. She took responsibility for the last correspondence by sending me photos from our last get together with a little note. I haven't yet replied. She called me last night to scold me and rightfully so. I hope she is reading this because I am really, really sorry. And I am sorry I didn't feel like talking last night. Sometimes, it's just like that. I am not so good at staying in touch with people.

 While using White Out on some documents today, I managed to dribble some all over my clothes. I have worn the evidence of this clumsiness all day. I hope it comes out with water. Got a good laugh out of it........

 What was... 1. ...your first grade teacher's name? I don't remember 2. ...your favorite Saturday morning cartoon? anything Bugs Bunny, the Justice League, Shazam, Bullwinkle, Courageous Cat and Minute Mouse, Underdog, Tennessee Tuxedo, The World of Commander McBragg 3. ...the name of your very first best friend? Carmen 4. ...your favorite breakfast cereal? Life, Cinnamon Chex 5. ...your favorite thing to do after school? eat a swiss cheese sandwich with a lot of mayonaisse

