 this has been a long ass day. So i woke up at 11 am... then decided that i had a craving for los cucos. Called up jill and we decided to go. Me jill and gina went to Los Cucos and had a grand ole time.... despite the fact that we had a little klein reunion with people that arent exactly.....well our friends.... and they kept STARING AT US... what the hell.... but dont worry jilly stared back for us. We of course gave our fake waves... but we just left if at that. Well after lunch i had to leave because i had to be at work. SO i drove downtown and went straight to my job where i stayed until 10:30 pm.... ewwwwww!!! But i decided to be a rebel and took a 30 minute break instead of my normal 15 minute break.. hehehe im soo sneaky. OH yeah so as im leaving the galleria this tall man walks up to me and say "can i ask you a question?" i said yeah of course... and he goes " i just wanted to say you are very attractive" (in my head im thinking... that wasnt a question but...ok) Anyway so i say thank you and try to walk away... buut then he keeps goin... "yeah so you have a boyfriend" luckily i really do (i would lie and say yes anyway) and i say yeah.. and he goes.. yeah you might be too young for me anyway, so i follow with "well yah im 19" (this guy look 30 somthin) and he goes.. "oooh maybe not" (ok so i am freaking out bc he has a striking resemblance to the "galleria rapist" i saw on the news) So THANKFULLY my phone rings and i answer it and quickly walk away... pheew! But when i was leaving the parking lot i saw him Following and talking to some OTHER lady... GEEEZ HE'S A WHORE! Just be happy that i got away everyone! ;) !!Ok well Yall get excited BAR houston tomorrow night... dena and angela you are BOTH coming!!!! Ok well i gotta go to bed... i have to work tomorrow morning... AGAIN. Late! (no r angie! ) -shawna

 So i only have one more final to take tomorrow then im done... but i havent studied this could be a bad thing, shawna i think you are rubbing off on me... ya but then after that im getting drunk, at least thats the plan then im going to be home on thurs... which mean you better hang out with me shawna cause im not going to have anything to do!!! i dont have much else to say so i guess i could go study some.... eh, later kids

 i mean one more day in bloomington......can't wait to get out of this place. watching sponge bob square pants right now...funny stuff. but still cow and chicken is great....haven't seen that since the summer at howie's house. you know the coffee bean episode. ummm...i guess i don't have anything good to say...i just don't want to study....and how come nobody else writes in here.....SUE...BETSY? where are you guys. alright....well, i'm gonna watch tv some more but i'll be home on thursday.

 Ok so this was the longest day ever. First of all i go to sleep then wake up 5 seconds later. I got about 1 HOUR of sleep last night because ...well i dont know why i just couldnt sleep. SO i sleep from 6 to 7 am then get up to go to work where i was untill 3 pm. Work sucked as usual... mainly because the first two hours i was there i was forced to mop, sweep, vacuum and clean the windows and mirrors..... so app. i am a janitor. well then i get off work and have to turn in my books for school. Well the place i usually turn in athletic books has a note saying "go to bookstore".... by the way i am carrying at least 10 books in this bag that is ripping and very heavy. So i go to the bookstore...wait in line for 15 miutes.... "oh sorry but you need to take those to the 'textbook line' ".... WTF?! So i go to the 'text book line' where the lady tells me... "athletic books are turned in at the alumni center" . HOLY SHIT i was pissed.... so i had to walk back to my car and drive to the alumni center where i finally found the guy and he's like...the turn in date isnt until tomorrow... (i almost started cussing...) But then he was like "buut i will take yours now for you". So i finally got that straightened out... now all i wanna do it sleep but i am suppose to go back to klein.... BLAH.

 so i have 4 finals on wednesday....one in physics, 2 in organic chemistry, and a REALLY GAY spanish history final that will be the worst of them all. worst class ever. ummmm....yeah, home is boring....now you know why i hang out with brianna and oscar every day....well, oscar's cute but brianna. does she shave yet? (that is does mom buy her razors)? you should invite heather to be in this chat room thing...she'd have some funny things to say. i might buy that tetris game we always play with her.....or if anyone wants to get it for me for christmas....i have playstation 2. shawna, did you know dad emailed me and asked if john's dad could make some tomales and send them to grandpa? well, he did...so we're trying to figure out how to freeze them and send them...it'll be interesting. anyways, it's 3am and i guess i'll go to sleep. dena ps: even though mike is camping..he's still hot

 i have my last final in an hour... HISTORY 2 ... blah. Im not studying of course. Anyway i was at home last night and it was sooo boring. It's like i get excited to go home but then im always LET DOWN. Mike left for his camping trip which means double the boredom i was already experiencing. Angela come home. Dena Come home. Sue you are home but i havent heard from you?!?!?! Betsy i talked to you yesterday but you are tooo wrapped up in your finals .... pchhhh finals are overrated. Ok well ill just sit here and cry. I have to work the next three days: 20 hours!!!! total gayness. Alright well i guess i should look over my history book or something. -shawna

 Y'all Im back at home (k-town) and bored. So i am writing... man this is addictive... but hey at least im not out there shootin' heroin right?? Thats not till next weekend in new orleans... JUST KIDDING... ill only be getting drunk in new orleans... no hardcore drugs for me. Ok well i guess i should go talk to the 'rents or somethin. PEACE -shawna

 not sure when new orleans is going on, but a lot of people are gonna come and it's gonna be FUN! they can come...that will make it more fun. it depends when i am not working....but we'll see. maybe we should go right when i get back to tx. anyways, sue, betsy, betsy's friends, that fat guy (spanky) that goes here to IU, and all you guys are gonna come. woo hoo! we gotta go to teh piano bar at pat o's and razoo's is fun. we're gonna have a party wehn i get back...i'll go buy the stuff dena

 Dena i have about 3 mini skirts already from my job at the 'porn store' (aka abercrombie) they make me buy them so i look like a slut and people want to buy clothes.... yeah i know they use me... but they also pay me to get used so its ok i suppose. So i probably dont NEED another skirt... but if you realllly realllly wanna get me one i guess you can. Also when are you going to New Orleans? Me Angie and Janay wanna go. -shawna

 haha that was definaltely one of the best weekends ever!!! you need to come visist more often shawna, screw track & cross country! well being as though its sunday and i have a final tuesday & wednesday that i havent studied for i guess i should go do that.... eh, see ya later this week~ang

 Just wanted to post about my trip because thats how COOL it was. So janay and i arrive in good ole college station around 9:10.... i proceed to get myself lost. (i can find my way around the 4th largest city but somehow manage to get lost in COLLEGE STATION). Oh well... anyway so angela meets me at some random gas station with a car FULL (no joke - people in the trunk!!) of people and tells me we are going to the Christmas Light Show. LAME! The line was like 100 miles long and there is no way im paying 15 bucks to see a bunch of lights... that money needed to be saved for important things.... such as alcohol. I could see it in angela's eyes... she didnt wanna go either. So thankfully we changed there minds and went to a lame ass party instead. Lets just say a house in the middle of no where ..... 5 people inside (INCLUDING US..haha) it sucked. So we all slipped outta there real fast to go "smoke". (smoke meaning we were going outside and NEVER coming back.) So then we go to the million dollar dorms that angie lives in and sit around there for a little. Then angela is doing her job as the door watcher and all of the sudden like a million (10) people walk through the door. Who they are... we dont know but who cares cause i bet they can get me alcohol. So we talk to them for.... a little while and they decided to go on a beer run. I sent them off with my wish list. As we waited for them to get back i sucked down 10 jello shots (angela had her 20 something...haha) and me and angela were little rebebls and had 2 shots of whiskey. Now with whiskey you gotta have a chaser..so i ask angela to give me something and what does she hand me???? DIET COKE... ok i would rather just drink the whiskey. But after i took the shot i realized that nooo.. i wouldn't rather take it straight so i sucked it up and had the diet coke. Well at this point i was tipsy but didnt realize it so when i my Bacardi silver arrived i just started chuggin it down. Me and janay got 3 each instead of the 6 each like i ASKED... (thanks a lot people i dont know.... what jerks). Ok anyway so the party at the dorms got lame and angela wanted to get some action (heheh jk...) So we went to her friend brads place. We show up. Im down to my last Bacardi and most likely really drunk... (i dont remember).... and there are 4 girls inside practically gettin it on with eachother. Then we go in another room where 2 guys and a girl are watching the grossest porn i have ever seen! WEIRD... did i care? No bc i was not "there". So the guy i dont know hands me a GIGANTIC jello shot. (note: it might have not been gigantic just looked it to me bc i was wasted).... but even if it wasnt GIGANTIC it tasted like it was 99 percent some type of hard ass liquor... and im NOT compaining.... yay for hard ass liquor. Ok so i make a fool of myself all night mainly by calling EVERY single person in mine and angelas phone book..... and i decided to tell random boys they got a girl named kiki pregnant. Fun times. So at this point i run out of my bacardi... i whine because im out of alcohol so this guy goes and makes me orange juice and vodka.... ummm HELLO SHAWNA JUST USED ALL HER CELL MINUTES IN ONE NIGHT she doesnt need any more.. oh well ... so random guy hands me a drink and of course what do i do? I drink it up. I hATE oj and vodka... but i had it anyway. Ok so im gonna skip the rest of the dumb ass things i did and go to the next morning.. or the same morning i suppose. we fell asleep at 5 am... woke up at 9 am... ? Umm dont ask i dont know why. So me and angela are lying there talking about how much we dont wanna reach the phone to call the pizza guy... and i get sick feeling. SO i run to the bathroom and puke and puke and puke. (Flashback: 9:00 pm i tell janay "I never get drunk... and i never get hungover... you'll be lucky if you see me like that") Ok soo i puke up all the orange juice i drank (which i think was ROOFIED.. haha jk) After my sickfest me janay and angie eat our "pokey" stix and pizza from Gumbys... haha. WHAT A NIGHT.

 hey guys.....i just learned how to play raquetball from a national champion so i now have a few tricks up my sleeve...watch out! haha. seriously though...i'm gonna be good. everyone should go to the website: www.imagestation.com log in and look at the cool pictures i always put on there...sometimes the pics suck but whatever. oh, shawna, i showed jaime higginbotham your website with pics on it...she was jealous that you went to hawaii and said "mike's hot". she has you aol im and will prob. randomly im you one day. oh yeah...and i drove around in the snow....people were sliding into ditches and stuff but i was going about 16 miles an hour and didn't go into ditches....yay for me! alright, that's all, dena

 just thought that was strange. it's snowing here in bloomington....roads are totally covered...i'm gonna drive my car in it for the first time....we'll see if i end up in a ditch or something. i bought a really small skirt for $6..it's cute....shawna, want a skirt for x-mas? let me know before i come home...they're cute. ps: mike IS hot.

 yay for being invited i feel so special... well i dont have much to say... cant wait to be back in spring and hang out with my favorite drunk dialer! well party like its summer '02 again... jsut no oj this time hehe... later kid~angela

 I have also invited my favorite ho (jk) angie k melton.... the blog is already expanding! :) -shawna sorry about all the posting... im am overly excited about this!

 p.s dena thinks mike is hot.

 So i am the first to post. Well this site is for me, sue, dena and betsy to tell our life stories without email SINCE THEY DONT UNDERSTAND HOW TO EMAIL ME AT THE RIGHT ADDRESS. So basically this was created for MY benefit...which is all that matters. ;) Ok. bye. -shawna

 Hey yall... I just had the weirdest night of my life. Besty i went downtown but didnt end up going in anywhere because there were too many freakin people there!! Here is my night in a nutshell: First off me & mike were going Downtown with my roommate her boyfriend and 30 of their friends. NO JOKE there were really 30 of them. I have a picture...it was crazy. So i live like 3 seconds away from the new metro rail so we walked over there and all were going to ride the metro rail downtown where the superbowl MainEvent party was taking place. We get on the metro rail and end up filling up an entire car with all the people we had. We were being very loud and obnoxious cause almost all of us were drunk (except me) and people on the train were just getting annoyed. But it was funny. Anyway so then we start stopping at each stop and MORE AND MORE people fill up the car. I was seriously not holding onto anything bc it was a wall of people so it was impossible to fall over. There were at least 100 people in my car.. it was crazy and so everytime someone got in my group of people would yell and clap and stuff... then ALL The people joined in and it was just a really loud squished ride. It was funny as hell though. Then we get downtown. EVERYBODY AND THEIR MOM was there... like it looked like las vegas/new orleans/new york mixed together... it was freakin crazy. It was impossible to get anywhere because there were too many freakin people. It was even worse because there were 30 people in my group all trying to stay together. Finally mike and i just kind of ventured off on our own jsut walking around and seein what was going on. Then he bumps into some guy he knows who was working security. He talked for 10 minutes and we completely lost our group. Then we were like well we'll just keep walking. All the sudden mike goes "Hey .... thats my cousin" ... and then he taps this guy on his shoulder. Mike goes "hey man whats up" and this guy just looks at him with a confused face and says "Who the hell are you?" .... haha (mike hasn't seen his cousin in like 5yrs) So then mike is like "Im your cousin man!... Mike?!" His cousin was drunk so he was confused but finally he realized who it was. So we end up walking with them back to their loft. They live in this awesome 3 story loft right next to downtown... its the coolest place ever.. it looks like a real world house. Anyway we end up hangin out at his cousins place that night and we miss our ride back to my place so we ended up STAYING at their loft in their bed. It was sooo weird and random because mike hasnt talked to this cousin in so long and now we are staying at their loft? HAhaha.. it was weird. Then around 1:30 am i get a phone call. I didnt recognize the number so i answered and it was a guy. I thought it was this guy i know so i just talked to him a little and was like HEYYY hows it going blah blah blah. Well 10 minutes pass and finally i realize who i was talking to... IT WAS SCOTT. (u know the EX BOYFRIEND) Yeah i was freaked out. I havent talked to him in well over 6 months and i was just like...umm hey...... i didnt know what to say. He was like "im drunk right now... thats why im calling.... " And he just kept talking to me telling me he hopes everything is alright and he still cares about me etc etc.... it was really weird. Then my phone died so it cut him off. I felt bad but i really felt kind of weird talking to him anyway. But Yeah... it was definitley strange. Then we woke up this morning and his cousin let us borrow his girlfriends mustang to drive home. They were like "yeah we'll just pick it up later" .... so now mikes driving around town in some red convertible mustang and he might even move into their loft this summer. LOL it was randomness fo sho!!! Im still quite freaked out by the whole situation. Anyway this superbowl shit is awesome though ... dowtown was def. happening last night for the first time in the history of houston. And MTV is all over the place and there are celebrities EVERYWHERE. its crazy. My roommate saw Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie at BAR last night. Ludacris was there too. Michael jackson, brad pitt, jennifer aniston and many more were at the Aquarium restaurant downtown.... i wanted to sneak in and rape brad but it never happened. Anyway my point is... this is craziness. I have yet to see anyone famous but they are all at the stadium right by my apt.... im just to lazy to go and try and stalk some celebrities. Oh well. Anyway thats pretty much all i have to say. Im just going to sleep all day and lay down because i WALKED LIKE 100 MILES LAST NIGHT and my knee is killin me!! Heather sorry about your toe... i thought i told you never to dance, you just dont have the skills like i do! (haha jk) But man CHICAGO IS THE BEST MOVIE ISNT IT?!?! Yeah i think so. sue where ya at sluuuut. Dena? Angela? OK. Im going. HOLLA

 HOLLA Shawna you know what sucks about downtown? You can't get into anything unless you're 21. Yes, I'm 21 but none of my other friends are which ruins everything. Needless to say I was gone before I even stepped on the metro rail so I had a grand old time. Houston has gotten fun! Ok I have nothing to say so bye!

 Okay, HOL-FRICKIN'-LA. I just broke my pinkie toe and it KILLS!!! We were watching "Chicago" and eating oreos, and I wanted to be all jazzy chorus girl, so of course I tried all the moves afterwards, but i was barefoot and totally uncoordinated and broke my little toe!! OUCH! and there's nothing I can do about it. Not even an MRI will save me now... dammit!! Hope everyone's having a GREAT friday night, sans broken toes, broken prosthetic legs, broken hearts, broken hymens, broken condoms, what have you... OK, Luv ya! Call me this summer! We'll hang out!!!!

 HOLLA well, that story was great heather...i was cracking up. just as much as i was cracking up at shawna's story...i like the ear thing popping out..haha. and you singing. gotta go, but just wanted to say....good stories folks

 holla ya'll. I've been in the same blogging slump as everyone else, so BACK OFF, BI-OTCHes!! But seriously, life is pickin' up, and things are lookin' up, and dena and homeboy are hookin' up... Speaking of droppin' the BOYFRIEND-BOMB on handsome, charming, and SEXY suitors, how do you guys do it?? I always feel like the biggest bitch in the world, cause they're always so shocked and surprised and hurt, somehow! I mean, it's not like I was leading the poor guy on, you know? Or was I, and I just didn't realize it?? Anyway, please share any tips/pointers with me!! shawna, your MRI adventure had me in STITCHES!! I seriously laughed so much that I think I need an MRI!! So you basically flashed Mr. Doctor with your gown on backwards, right?! haha! You just wanted him to join you in your little MRI Tube-O-Loooooooove!! And I'm so grateful for being introduced to Hands on a Hard Body!! Orange an' a SCHNIKKAAAHH! haha!! So i woke up this morning with a very vivid memory in my head that came out of nowhere... I was 18 yrs. old, I'm on the bus going to work, and this skeezy-ass old homeless guy gets on and sits across from me. There was no one else on the bus. Just us. So he strikes up a convo with me, and even though it was really cold outside, were were both just wearing t-shirts (mine's low cut). So he's like, "Well, looks like you and I are in the same boat... we didn't account for the weather today..." And he's practically spitting his nasty rank alchie breath all over me, slurring his words so bad I can barely understand him. So of course I'm grossed out and don't want him staring at me, so I politely reply, "Yep. Good thing I brought this sweatshirt with me..." and I start to put in on and before I know it, he's jumping out of his seat, kinda faux-lurching at me and screaming, "WHOOOAAA!! HEY, NO!! NOOO!! DON'T COVER UP THEM GOODIES !!" I was so grossed out I wanted to vomit in his face... I got off at the next stop and walked the rest of the way to work. Now when ever someone says "Goodies" around me, I feel so dirty and violated. One time a few years ago, we were up at the G-Folk's house for Thanksgiving and I was leaning over the table serving my dad some salad. Apparently I had put mostly just lettuce and greens on his plate, and he wanted more carrots and peppers and tomatoes and stuff, so he's like, "Hey, gimme some more of them GOODIES!" And I pretty much dropped the salad bowl and backed up a foot or so from the table in my chair as I immediately crossed my hands over my chest. I felt so dirty . Especially having to hear those words from my DAD! Melissa (my sister) was the only one there who knew about my "Goodies" phobia, and she just started laughing, and everyone wondered what the hell my problem was, but it was definitely not Thanksgiving-dinner-friendly conversation. Needless to say, I didn't eat. Welp, that's all for now, folks! Off to class. Blog-ya later! Heather

 HOLLA shawna i'm finally sending your cd today in the mail....so please send me my brittney spears and coldplay live ones.....thank you. sue, i went to egg donor.com and applied....but the written application is going to my house in houston....so i wonder if my parents will look at it and throw it away....hmmmmmm. i hope not....i could use a good $15,000 dollars. shawna, also, i can't open that cd you sent me (that has the pics on it from the summer) so could you just put them on my picture website (imagestation.com)....thanks. betsy....very nice poem...it really made me feel all warm inside. jk. but good job though. heather.......WHERE ARE YOU? (still wondering) angela.......WHERE ARE YOU? that's it.

 HOLLA before I start my poem, I'd like to say that this blog JUST HAD TO CHANGE BACK TO CAPS...ANYWAY THIS BLOG INSPIRED ME (AND MY ROOMMATE LAUREN) TO THINK OF MARTEL'S (MY COLLEGE) BEER BIKE THEME: MARY KEG AND ASHLEY MOLSON. OK HERE'S THE POEM: HI I HAVE SORE THIGHS I OFTEN WATCH BILL NYE YOU KNOW THE SCIENCE GUY ACTUALLY I HAVEN'T, I LIKE TO LIE I'M NOT VERY SHY I'M NOT A GUY I MIGHT BE BI OH MY! I HAD A DREAM LAST NIGHT THAT MADE ME CRY I SAW BOTH SUZANNE AND MY MOM DIE TWO NIGHTS AGO I HAD APPLE PIE I'M BORED AT WORK, MAKING WANT TO SIGH RIGHT NOW I'M TALKING TO ELI I DON'T WANT TO SQUELCH MY POO, BUT I HAVE TO TRY AND THAT IS ALL.

 Umm yeah i really have nothing to say right now and i have to go do some stuff... but i am just blogging so yall know i am A DEDICATED BLOGGER. haha anyway..ill probably blog later this afternoon. Yall blog its fun. Im volunteering betsy to write a funny blog poem. SO do it. Bye HOLLA

 HOLLA so, i invited this guy (the hot guy at the weightroom that i was saying sue could come makeout with) to come swimming with me and my track team for a workout since he is recovering from a torn ACL. well, he said...yeah, i'll come...so naturally all of us girls were excited to be seeing him in a bathingsuit...we're talking brad pitt in fight club body....mmmmm. so anyways, he calls me and is like...."hey dena, i can't come swimming with you....but give me a call and we can 'hang out' this weekend together". so i guess it's prob. about that time to let him know that i have a boyfriend. mmmmm....but he is quite hot. yummmy...i'll try and get a pic so you guys can see what he looks like (or at least his amazingly beautiful chest). i know how to get your v02 max now guys...so if you want to know what it is.......i can do it for you (but i have to test you in the weightroom on a machine). learned it in my personal training class...this class RULES! sue, we are slackers...what's up with that. sorry...i've been in a blogging slump...i have no good news (well, not until now). yesterday as i was leaving from my workout.....i walk outside and it's snowing like CRAZY. we're talking blizzard like conditions. so i'm driving.....naturally can't see a thing cuz my wiperblades are falling apart and my car's pretty old. but i manage to make it home after driving by several cars that drove off the road. .....aside from that.....I'M GOING TUBING TONIGHT! snow tubing of course. i can't wait...it's gonna be sooo fun. we'll see if i can get another dent in my leg like last time. (yeah, last time i landed on top of the barrier that's supposed to stop the sled and got a huge bruise....which later turned into a permanent dent in my leg muscle. pretty strange stuff). so yeah......i'm highlighting my hair tomorrow night....herbal essence style (did i already say that in an earlier blog?). well, i am. i can't wait! maybe i'll throw in a little pink and blue too! haha. alright...i'm out like a gay guy, dena

 no really. people. i need to read something in the morning and where are my freaking blogs??? dena? shawna? angela?? heather??? hell-oooo i am seriously disappointed and i thought that i would let everyone know. out (and very disgruntled) stay sweet, lol, ttyl, lylas

 HOLLA I am so fucking tired. And pop up ads are all over my computer...I feel like I want to stab someone in the face. Well Sue, looks like Mike is in love with me because he already emailed and called me yesterday. Hahahaha. I'm sorry that's gross...but Shawna I think we might go over there so you should come too. And I probably won't be going home this weekend, nor will I have the time to, but I'll try. I just wrote a paper last night about how James Dean's character in Rebel without a Cause is totally gay. I had so much to say but I already forgot/am too tired to think, much less type. Also I have to go b/c on Tues-Thurs, my life is a living hell and I don't get to relax for five fucking seconds. Toodles stay sweet! PS- I'll write again...hopefully tonight and maybe when I'm drunk...I know this blog sucked.

 just in case you got back and no one had written, i thought i'd do the truly noble thing and take time out of my busy schedule and write a little something. or at least give you soemthing to do. have you seen the new beyonce-britney-pink commercial????? sooo...different. i dont know if i like it yet. brit sounds terrible--granted im hearing it via the internet but still, come on brit, youve got better than that. let that angelic voice of yours out. ok, i have to read about nazis (im reading about nazis in 3/4 classes...crazy). laters

 woah! all i have to say is: MRI's + Clausterphobia = BAD. Good thing im not clausterphobic... but i almost did freak out a couple times. Let me tell you of my adventure: I go get in the taxi which was waiting for me outside... if you have ever seen Hands on a Hard Body, think the black guy who eats ORANGE & a Snicka for track workouts..... thats what my taxi driver looked and talked like... He even called himself "a cuntry boyyy" (sorry if you have never seen the movie but you know how a reason to go rent it... ITS AMAZINGLY AWESOME). Anyway he starts telling me about how he has been waiting for me for 50 minutes... and trying to make me feel bad. First of all i got in the cab at 4:13... I was told he wouldnt be there till 4:15... so why the hell he waited for me for 50 minutes i dont know... but it was definitley not my fault. He dropped me off at the doctors. I HATE...HATE waiting rooms... they suck!! Its a bunch of sick people coughing and sneezing and being loud and it just grosses me out. Maybe i just hate people.... yeah i do hate people... but waiting rooms suck too. Plus they make you wait for like 2 hours even though you were there on time for you appointment. why do they say be there at 4:45 if your not going to get seen until 6???? Anyway i finally got called after an hour of watching this arabian man blow 20 gallons of snot into the same snot rag...EW. Ok so the man tells me i need to change into a gown. Ok sounds easy. I was in the dressing room for at least 20 minutes... i couldnt figure out how to put it on.... i finally walked out with it on and the doctor says.. hey i think you got that on backwards.. GREAT... thats not embarassing im too stupid to figure out how to put on a hospital gown! SO i fixed it and then he layed me down on the table and we made love. Ok i made that part up. I layed on the table and i had my leg elevated...like REALLY ELEVATED. He put about 40 sheets stacked up and my leg was on top of it. I didnt quite understand this since it was my OTHER Leg that was being screened. Anyway... so he pushes the button and i go inside the worlds smallest tube. HOLY CRAP... i usually dont get freaked out about small spaces.. but this was like a CLOSED TANNING BED but 5 times smaller... scary! The whole time i was in there the freakin machine was knocking and making loud buzzer noises.... and the doctor says... go ahead and just take a 45 minute nap. Um HI.... im in the worlds smallest space with the worlds loudest buzzer noises and you expect me to sleep??? I dont think so. So 15 minutes pass.... and my leg is started to go numb because not only am i NOT ALLOWED TO MOVE.... my leg is on top of 40 sheets.... it was hurting bad. All of the sudden i got this itch in my throat. Now i have had this chronic cough for the past month where i just randomly and sporatically cough out of no where. Yeah well god decided that this was the perfect time to make me cough. It wasnt ANY cough... i was hackin something up... my entire body was throwing itself around because i was coughing so hard.... i actually HIT MY HEAD because i was coughing so hard & i was wearing those foamy ear plug things and one of them popped out... haha i bet it was a funny site. But then the guy said on the speaker "are you ok...thats quite a cough" and i just started freakin out.. i dont know why.. but then i couldnt breathe. So i was coughing and having an asthma attack and practically laughing at the same time because the whole situation just made me laugh. Finally after 5 minutes.. i stopped. & i had laughing tears running down the side of my face so the guy thought i was crying. He was like "everything is going to be alright" ... i was like thanks for you reassurance doctor who just sat and watched me have an asthma attack for the past five minutes. So there i am ... being as still as possible with dried tears on the side of my face and missing an ear plug...and i still had 30 minutes left. I turned the load knocking noise of the machine into a song and made up my own words.... and i finally fell asleep. Like a minute after i fell asleep the guy woke me up and said "alright we're done.... I liked your song by the way" ... Apparantely there is a speaker right next to my mouth and he was listening to me.... this doctor has to think im crazy. I dont remember to the words of the song i made up but im sure it was no britney spears. (I LOVVE BRITNEY...sorry had to add that in). Ok anyway i left and the same taxi guy took me back and told me the story of his life... It wasn't an interesting story so i will not tell you. Anyway that was my MRI experience.... we'll see how the results come out. They will probably find some kind of problem in my brain that means im crazy or something! Ok well i must go workout and stuff.... but yall write on here so i have something to come home to! PALEASE. Sue who cares about having a stone cold heart..... use boys. Its the way to go. Then one day you will be bored of using boys and finally fall in love with someone and you can be all sappy and say..."you are the first boy who i have loved... you melted my heart." And then i will laugh at you for being gay... i mean QUEER. TTYL LOVE YA MISS YA LETS HANG OUT CALL ME.LOL HOLLA

 On July 3, 1977, an event took place that would forever alter the landscape of modern medicine. Outside the medical research community, this event made scarcely a ripple at first. This event was the first MRI (Magnetic Resonance Imaging machine) exam ever performed on a human being. If you have ever seen an MRI machine, you know that the basic design used in most is a giant cube. The cube in a typical system might be 7 feet tall by 7 feet wide by 10 feet long (2 m by 2 m by 3 m), although new models are rapidly shrinking. There is a horizontal tube running through the magnet from front to back. This tube is known as the bore of the magnet. The patient, lying on his or her back, slides into the bore on a special table. Whether or not the patient goes in head first or feet first, as well as how far in the magnet they will go, is determined by the type of exam to be performed. MRI scanners vary in size and shape, and newer models have some degree of openness around the sides, but the basic design is the same. Once the body part to be scanned is in the exact center or isocenter of the magnetic field, the scan can begin. In conjunction with radio wave pulses of energy, the MRI scanner can pick out a very small point inside the patient's body and ask it, essentially, "What type of tissue are you?" The point might be a cube that is half a millimeter on each side. The MRI system goes through the patient's body point by point, building up a 2-D or 3-D map of tissue types. It then integrates all of this information together to create 2-D images or 3-D models. With this scientific breakthrough, the medical world was finally able to figure out what was wrong with shanwnas prosthetic leg. thank goodness for science. betsy, if you go to klein will you drop my shoes off at my house so my parent can bring them to me this weeknend? thanks man

 im glad no one has anything of any importance to say. scratch that...betsys JV soccer team won. woo-freaking-hoo (no, really, job well done). we are lame. we need some excitement in our lives. fear not girls. its thursday and that means one more day until friday and friday is when i go out. and all hell breaks loose when i go out. oh! i have some news. i am seriously deranged. for real. there is something wrong in my head. last night, peter called and i pulled a classic sue move. i watched the phone ring. i THOUGHT about picking it up, but didnt. then i listened to his message which said to call him or he'll call me tomorrow. did i call back? no. i am over him. i hate him. its sad really...i almost feel bad for the guy. he meets me, falls in love with me, and sooner or later (sooner, like now) i'll break his heart, cut off communication and never talk to him again. WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME???????? soon after the call i made the self discovery that i am F-ed up, i warned all my flatmates to not fall in love with me, it will only end up in tears...and i, and my stone cold heart, will travel off into the distant sunset with out a care in the world. sue freedom...spinster and lunatic. the girl next to me is eating a salad and it smells amazing. i am eating nuts. theyre crunchy, thats really all they have going for them. i have to write a paper on how steam power, coal fuelled steam power in particular, was the reason that england was the front runner of the industrial revolution, sounds exciting, huh? well, let me tell you...it is. insert extreme sarcasm here. the really sad part is that i am intrigued by the topic. i guess this makes me the biggest loser out of everyone. hey, betsy and shawna, my brother is having a super bowl party and hes got a margarita machine--ya'll should go. PLUS mike knows my brother so i am sure he could go. PLUS, betsy KNOWS my brother so i am sure she could go...wait, has he already called you, you slut bag (jk, lol, miss ya!) ok, sorry i didnt write yesterday but i had a very busy day...i ran 16 miles and found out that i got into the LONDON MARATHON! yaaaaay. now all i have to do is raise a bunch of money for charity. i hate charity. my charity is for babies so i dont have a problem with it--babies havent doen anything wrong, yet. needless to say, i expect you all to make a donation--ill be home in march and expect some financial restitution from you and your families--its a tax write off deal with it--and im only asking for 2 bucks--more if you want. ok, i have to write this damned paper. ill get back to blogging later. peace out homegirls

 I swear, I thought that's what Dena's entry said when I first saw it, but it was really just lame PG-style Random Comments . BO-RING!! Wow! I've missed you girls SO MUCH! I've been in Career Woman HELL for the past few days... First I had that lame presentation to give, and now our school's huge career fair is today and tomorrow, and I still haven't finished my crappy resume!! I don't wanna grow up. I'm a Boys R' Us Kid, dammit!! How am I gonna go on wet n' wild road trips this summer with all of you if i have a frickin' 9 to 5 job?? I just refuse to go out that way. Now, seeing that I am the oldest and wisest of the group, lemme give you all a little bit of advice: (okay, actually i don't have any advice to give, i just wanted to point out that i'm the oldest and wisest.) okay, as mentioned earlier, I too have NOTHING to talk about... and i can't even make something up right now...Man! I am one pathetic LOSER! Ha HAha... Hi petey!

 HOLLA i just lost b-ball......64 to 22...yup, we got KILLED. it was awesome! i'm proud of my crappy team. shawna, what happened in your MRI? when do you get the results back? if you have to get surgery...is the school gonna pay for it....or is that gonna be a big deal since they were gonna take it away? just wondering. heather.....WHERE ARE YOU? tell daniel hello for me and ben. and jeff and johnny and jaime and kristin and suzy and sally......i'm pretty popular in colorado...what can i say. i actually did have a friend in colorado named sally in first grade...well i was her 'best friend' but really i didn't like her. whoops. sam malone is hot...just like patrick duffy and maria todd....i have her autograph. go me. haha...for those of you who don't know....maria todd is a dj for the same radio station as sam malone...and betsy used to have a homemade shirt that said i heart patrick duffy. so that's the news dena

 whats the deal here. Yes i understand people having NOTHING to say... but come on you can always make stuff up no one would know the difference. Great now nodbody will believe any of my stories... I swear my stories are real life facts... none of that "based on a true story" crap. Im at school right now waiting for my taxi to pick me up. Im going to the doctors office to get an MRI... i will be honest... maybe im stupid but i have NO IDEA what an MRI is.... i just know i am getting one. I am led to believe it is some kind of X-ray...someone tell me if im wrong here. N E way.. that is what my plans for the day are. I hope i dont have some kind of cartlidge tear or something... surgery is not on my wish list. Guess what im drinking right now?!?! (dont tell the computer lab watcher guy... im not supposed to have drinks in here) Anyway i have a Gatorade... i hear you all right now saying.."shawna why the hell do i care you are drinking a gatorade?" Well ill tell u why you care... because it was given to me by the CAROLINA PANTHERS! o yeah... its an official carolina panther gatorade.... it doesnt say that but ... it is. It was in their ice cooler and they had some left over so they gave it to me.... i bet all their sweat is on it!! Im gonna sell it on ebay. Although i drank half of it ill say one of the panthers drank it. Im such a badass. Yeah they also gave me the "head nod" when they passed me in the facility.... they totally want me. its true i could tell... one of them was trying to have eye sex with me but im not abot to give my eye sex virginity up to some random mulimillion dollar football player who probably has eye sex STD's. Eye Sex Whore. Ok fine. I had eye sex but i was wearing my glasses so it was totally safe. ok fine.. i wasnt wearing my glasses... damnit im such a slut. haha ... anyway i think i talked about eye sex for way too long. My point was that the Panthers gave me gatorade and thats cool therefore I AM COOL. COOLER Than COOL .. im ICE COOOOLD. Mike and I went to a medditerranian restaurant today called Fadi's .... yes FADI'S .. anyway i have never had medditerranean food... but you know me... im open to anything. YEAH RIGHT. im soo picky its not even funny. I wanted to be nice though and try it anyway... first of all everything in the buffet looked like regurgitated (sp?) dog food.... But hey dont judge a book by its cover right? So i tried the food and the bread was GREAT..... and thats all i have to say. Mike took everything else on my plate home with him and bought be a cheeseburger from mcdonalds. I felt so bad but i honestly did not like it... i TRIED it at least. Oh well.... shawna will always be picky... thats the lesson of the day. Betsy good job on your winning jv squad. Very cool. You know whats funny Coach PHILLY asked me when i was going to take over his job at klein!! Haha. Like i could coach a CC team?? He was like yeah you and Kelcee can be coaches.... all i have to say is that would be a VERY INTERESTING team. We would go on scavenger hunts and just steal shit out of peoples yards... BAMBOO!!! Oh i miss our bamboo and ping pong table! (Die V-Ball... jk ;) ) LOL! WE SHOULD ALL GO ON A ROAD TRIP THIS SUMMMER. we can invite Philly & Mrs. French & C.BLOOD. hell lets invite everyone from our past! We can bring sam malone too. (heather sam malone is a DJ on our radio station) Heather where you at tease? I havent gotten any hot stories from ya lately. Angie you too... blog damnit! Ok well i should go wait for my taxi to get my MRI ... i hope MRI's dont suck!! SEX. LOL TTYL MISS YA STAY SWEET BFFFFFFF HOLLA

 HOLLA like how i just randomly bring up sue's mom at teh end of that? kind of random....don't ask why....just saw sue's blog and thought i should mention it. late

 HOLLA i'm just wondering where all the blog love is....nobody writes in here anymore....i'm just wondering if it's b/c you guys's lives right now are just as uneventful as mine. well, that's when you start making up stories like having the biggest penis in the world. betsy...i know you have the biggest dildo in the world...let's hear about it. to answer your comment about stripping heather.....i have stripped many times....let me say, it feels soo good when you rip off your clothes and that music is blaring......and then of course you get in the shower to get ready for the day. haha. ok, so i've never gotten payed to strip, but i def. always do it for my professors to get an A...we're talking even the girl teachers...at least the hot ones. but seriously...i went to a female stripper strip club in south padre ( with a group of girls that were deff lesbians) and to get in for free we told the bouncer we were thinking of stripping there and just wanted to see the place. he said we could all make a grand in a night...so i seriously considered...thinking...if only i was gonna be in s. padre for one more night. but then i realized i would have to be pretty drunk and there were only about 10 men in the strip club, so obviously this $1000 was all a front....i know he just wanted to see me naked...haha. jk. so anyways, sue's mom is awesome! i think we should take her out to a resteraunt and get her trashed on martinis and white russians....now that would be funny. late.dena ps: the snow penis will be coming your way pretty soon! --- so keep an eye out

 HOLLA so I went to opening ceremonies for the Super Bowl yesterday. I must say it was quite fun. Yanni performed and boy did he make me wet. That mullet, that mustache, and those tight leather pants. What a composer! Today I coached a game for Kinkaid...that high school I've been coaching for a few months. Anyway, it was technically a JV 2 game, meaning the JV 1 girls weren't really supposed to play, much less start. Well, oops I started a lot of the JV 1 girls b/c if I didn't (and virtually all the JV 2 girls play the same position), there would've been mass chaos. I tried to get all the JV 2 girls in the game, but there were 76 on the sideline, and there were 30 min halves, making it nearly impossible. In sum, I didn't get all the girls in the game, and a lot of the girls were pissed. But hey we won! So fuck em. But here's something cool...apparently the varsity coach wants to hire me for good after I graduate (and work in the art dept simultaneously) or something, so if I end up going to U of H (cougars suck!) to get my masters, I'll have a way to pay for it. Kinkaid is probably the ritziest (sp?) school in Houston, so it would probably pay pretty well. Wow I just realized how boring this blog is. I am tired. Oh and Sue I'm learning how to weld and it's kinda hard so it's gonna take a while to make it but no worries friend! I'll have it done by the end of the semester. Oh and Shawna, I'll probably go home at some point this weekend and I still have that Miss Johnson story you wrote me on that dry erase board, plus I always save everyone's notes...so I'll get one and rewrite it on the blog next week. That one was pretty good, but you didn't really incorporate dildos. Let's work on that.

 HOLLA let me tell you about my johnson..it's mighty big...in fact, it's the biggest one in the world...i have to say i have a world record. ok, but shawna did used to think she had a penis. i will quote.....when we were like 5 and 6 years old...we just finished our night time bath stuff and were getting ready for bed...and my dad came in to tell us to go to bed and shawna goes....."dad...i have a penis".....then classic....my dad goes..."you're a girl, you don't have a penis". haha. shawna denies it, but it really did happen. good times good times. well, gotta go pick up john from hte library....wish me luck...it's STILL snowing out. did i mention the giant penis sculpture one of the frats made....it's very large and quite realistic...they even added pubes and color. i'll get a pic. and put it on my pic. website. dena

 Once upon a time there was a girl named Betsy who liked to have sex with Mrs. Johnson. She also liked to get it on with her best friend shelly. One day while betsy and shelly were watching their favorite porn, Besty discovered something very strange. There was a dark hair growing out of shelly's chin. betsy started teasing shelly that she was growing a beard. Then shelly said "Betsy i have to talk to you about something important." Betsy agreed to talk but only after they had more lesbian sex. So they got it on once again. After the romp Shelly began to explain to Betsy that she was born with male and female 'parts' and that her technical name was a hermaphrodite. Betsy had a look of disgust on her face "Did you just fart?" asked Betsy "because it smells bad in here." Shelly did not claim the fart but Betsy knew it was her. Shelly asked Betsy how she felt about her hermaphrodite status and betsy replied with "As long as we can still have sex you can call yourself whatever you want! Just make sure you shave your chin so it doesnt scratch my *vagi when youre eating me out!" They then decided to romp and Mrs. Johnson went to china. THE END *vagi is a term betsy would use for vagina Ok that was a Mrs. Johnson tale which i cooked up in 10 minutes during health today. It isnt my best work and i cant remember how i wrote the orginal Mrs. Johnson tales but im sure it will come back to me... its kinda like riding a bike...except writing a story and using many vulgar words such as vagina. LOL TTYL STAY SWEET! HOLLA

 so i understand that our language and stories might be a little confusing for the outside (well, now youre on the inside) observers...i'll do my best to straighten it out...this is always subject to change LURF-infatuation, like...you wanna say love but that dumb, so you say lurf...shawna lurfs austin creps BFFFFFFF- best friends forever forever forever forever...that means we're REAL good friends LOL, TTYL girl- after you say something scathing, follow it with that...sort of a "get out of jail free" card ANGEL EYES- shawnas favorite movie (starring J.Lo)...if something is really really really bad you could say its good like...angel eyes...and then make fun of shawna QUEER-the politically correct way of saying gay...example: this computer is queer...lesbians are queer... NEW BRAUNSFELS-dual meaning...dena is LAME at doing other peoples voices, time we nearly died coming home form sea world and randomw driver called us loser and threw up the good ol "L" on the forehead to let us know HATE- a term that sue, in particular, throws around a lot; dislike now i will include some THINGS/PEOPLE that you might have heard or may hear of: C.BLOOD- hunk of a guy in the 11th and 12th guy who we all had a crush on and dena and sue preceded to act slutty with (eg, strip twister and bathing suit changing all in the same changing room in OSHMANS sports store) but stopped swimming and turned less hot... a tragedy really MRS FRENCH- sue's mom, likes to drink and talk about boys...will be very pleased with sues latest exploits PHILLY-hs track coach, let us get away with murder...we hated him at the time but now we have a strange attachment to him THE TWINS- very very queer, we are waaaaaaaay cooler than those sluts will ever be...its also custom to flick off their house if you ever pass it FSO_ figure shit out meetings...an excuse to go to the... OG- olive garden AUSTIN- started off as my crush, and shawna took advantage of my going to college and wooed him with her wit and stunning good looks...they are yet to makeout 31- number of people that betsy has made out with in one night ok, i think i am done for now, but im sure ill update or expand later for now, let me conclude my stating how much cooler i am than shawna--i met tom brady when he was working out at the tulane gym... and you didnt...in fact, the panthers are going to looooose so you dont want to meet them anyway. ALSO, maybe that guy at smoothie king was a linebacker for the panthers and you made fun of a millionaire...now, who feels dumb??! ...or he was just fat and you had every right to make fun. and even if he was a millionaire, hes still fat. i retract my last statements...well done shawna. DENA!!! hi. peace out bitches, im gonna go get real smart in 18 minutes...i have a crush on this professor sooooo i love going...hes so mark darcy from bridget jones' diary. yum out

 although i wanted to MANY times i swore i would not post again until someone else posted... well finallly heather posted so i can get rid of the rest of tonights addiction before bed. Women's Studies was very interesting. We read a story about chinese people who turn from boys to girls and girls to boys.... And how turning into a boy was nothing for the chinese to worry about but when boys turned into girls it was a shame to the family... basically stating that becoming a man is a blessing and becoming a woman is not. There was a heated discussion between the lesbians in my class about how wrong this is. I PERSONALLY think its right... who wouldnt want to be a man??? a) No more periods..... b) No worrying about weight c) It takes like 1 day to get a 6 pack d) You can not shower for days and still look hot e) You get to have tons and tons of meaningless sex and not have to worry about getting pregnant f) You dont have to brush your hair.. (if i were a man i would shave my head) there are many more reasons .... Another point i want to make is this.... Lesbians are all worried about equality and woman's rights and the man is bad.. blah blah blah... if this is so...why do they want to take on the role of a man and cut their hair to look like men and walk like they have something dangling between their legs??? They say men suck yet they try to be men!!! HMMMM interesting! Ok sorry i went off there for a second but feminists really arent anything but predjudiced against men.... kind of like reverse feminism?? Maybe not but you get what im saying. women are stupid sometimes. I didnt get to see any panthers today but my friend alex said he talked to a couple...and he pushed one just so he could say "See that guy on tv.... i pushed him last monday" .... haha what a great idea..tomorrow i will push a panther so i can tell people the same thing. While i was biking at the rec today me and my friend Bo were watching Oprah...well really we were READING Oprah because the captions were on and i didnt have headphones... anyway the episode was about hazing in high school athletics. This one boy was at football camp and his teammates made him pull down his pants so they could spank him. This is disturbing to me... not that the kid was being hazed... but the fact that the other boys wanted to spank his bare ass!!! They then proceeded to stick a roll of duct tape up his butt crack and started beating him with their sandals.... ok where do these people come from? Sounds like a little gay sexual tension coming out to me. Anyway i got soo involved reading the captions i didnt realize i was going 115 RPMS .... i got off the bike after 45 minutes and my legs were sooo freakin sore! It was almost like i had countless hours of sex... but then i remembered that was sue.. not me. Then there were these two crazy guys doing the crab walking thing... you know where you bend over backwards and walk on your hands and feet?! Yeah they did this the whole way around the track.... and i think they actually thought they were getting some kind of workout out of this. People are weird. Everybody was laughing at them. Afterward me and bo went to smoothie king to load up on the energy and we were standing next to this gigantic man... at least 300 pounds... and the smoothie king employee started making everybody drinks. There was this one drink that was like double the size of an xtra large drink... IT WAS HUGE... so me and Bo were making fun of it because it wasn't a healthy smoothie it was a chocolate one.... We couldnt stop laughing because this cup WAS HUGE.... abnormally big and whoever was getting it probably thought that since it was "smoothie king" it was alright to take in such a large amount of chocolate. And then she called it out and the 300 pound guy standing next to us went and grabbed it.. i felt bad because we were making fun of its huge size and he probably was offended by that. But then i realized that i dont care. He needs to lose weight so me making those comments will inspire him.... go me. Im such a good person. LOL well its hella windy out here in ole tejas... My room shakes everytime the wind blows... its a little scary because i bet this apartment will collapse any day now. Its like 1 million years old and my walls are so freakin thin i can hear my neighbors doin' it... kind of like sue. (sue you got yourself in a mess when you announced your sexual experience... i will probably think Sue everytime i hear SEX) Ok well anyway there is some people having sue .... i mean sex on tv and i need to watch because im addicted to porn. TTYL LOL MISS YA stay sweet HOLLA

 Okay, girls, let's all wear our blinking clit rings to Clit Class this week and show 'em during Show-and-Tell!! Betsy, your stripper stories were hilarious! See, there is a very distinct difference between guys and girls when it comes to strippers... Guys think it's arousing, whereas girls think it's just plain AMUSING! It's hilarious! Remind me some time to tell you about my little encounter with THUNDER... and his big black uncircumsized cock!! Have any of you guys ever actually stripped at a club?? As in, like, Amateur night, or something? Just curious. Dena - it's been snowing and snowing here, too... but the good thing about Colorado winters, is that it'll be a total blizzard one day, and 60 degrees, blue skies, and sunny the next! Blue Moon is a great beer, but you have to try SUNSHINE WHEAT (also a colorado beer)!! It is the absolute best! it's made by the same folks who make Fat Tire, so you know they don't f*** around (unlike Sue). Speaking of... Damn, girl! I'm proud of you. I think. (What is the proper etiquette when it comes to recognizing and acknowledging a girlfriend's passage into sex-hood?? Are congrats in order??) Anyway, Sue, can't wait to hear the whole story. But IURF??? (I swear, all this bffff lingo...) Sorry about your feet, too! I hate that! My feet get all cut up every spring when I break out the sandals and stilettos. Angela - i'm glad you found your phone. Losing things like that is the WORST! I'm always losing my car keys, so I recently made TWO SETS of spares, and now they're both gone. can't find 'em anywhere. Damn it. Also, i lost ALL my makeup this week and it sucks ASS! I had it all in my cute little pink cosmetics bag, and I must have left in in class somewhere, cause it's nowhere to be found. I even checked all the lost and founds, but no luck. And this one bitchy receptionist girl was all snotty and like, "Oh, well at least it was just makeup." EXCUSE ME?? JUST MAKEUP??? My $24 Tweezerman tweezers were in there!! And my brand-frickin'-new MAC eyshadows that I didn't even get to use yet! $84 down the tubes, right there. And of course I accused homegirl behind the desk of keeping my makeup for herself when it got turned in... I'm sure it made her frickin' day... Alright, I gotta be in bed by 9:30 tonite. I have a Preliminary Design Review presentation to give in the morning for my Senior Capstone project, and I have to be at school at 7:15 AM. YUCK! Hey Shawna - wanna threesome??

 HOLLA, i hear shawna likes three of everything....even 3 guys at once! so i don't see any stories by sue on here about the sex. interesting. well, i actually have to go, but i felt like i should comment on shawna's threesome action.

 Ok well i swear there were 3 posts of sue's sex story but then after i posted about it they were gone...so now i look like an idiot. BUT I SWEAR THERE WERE THREE...... ITS A TRUE STORY. HOLLA

 HOLLA suzy i love the triple posting action... you havin a few technical difficulties i presume?? Yeah well nothin wrong with a girl who likes to post you POSTING WHORE YOU. Ok well im eating then off to beat up some panthers at practice :) Catch ya on the flip side.

 Well i was happy to see many posts since my last visit. Sorry i SLACKED but i have this thing... you might have heard of it...its called A LIFE. Yeah well that was keeping me busy. Yesterday mike and I went to the Alamo Draft House. It's a movie theater but they SERVE YOU DINNER during it... Sue since you and i have a huge appreciation for food i think you would enjoy this. You get a menu and you write down what you want and the waiter picks it up and serves it to you during the movie. I had buffalo wings a hamburger and an espresso ice cream for dessert! It was sooo awesome. It sucks though because we saw the Last Samuri which is a LONG movie so i kept ordering food... spent about 45 dollars!!! Yeah well its a once in a lifetime experience so i might as well splurge! Today i had to wake up at 6:30 am to go to see the doctor about my knee... The most pointless visit ever. He shook my knee around asking if it hurt... i guess me screaming OWE THAT HURTS wasn't clue-ing him in enough... then he tells me i have to get an MRI and load up on tylenol. THANKS DOCTOR... i didnt know that tylenol temporarily takes away pain.... my life has now changed and i can forever live in tylenol bliss. Oh well maybe ill get lucky and have surgery on my knee and i can get a cool scar and never be able to run again. I went to my classes this morning... surprise of the year: I ENJOYED THEM. I took notes and listened intentively and almost joined the debate on the usage of the words nigger and cracker. As you all know the superbowl is taking place this weekend.... about half a mile away from my apartment. Well this is fun and all but EVERYTHING IS ABOUT THE SUPERBOWL... and im tired of hearing about it. The Panthers are using the UH athletic facilities for their practices... which means i might be getting kicked out of the weightroom today at practice. But i am refusing to leave..ITS MY FACILITY AND IM USING IT! They had some Gatoraid Power Bars in the training room this morning so i was about to take one and eat it... then i got yelled at "Those are for the Panthers ONLY" .... jerk offs. The panthers dont need to be eating powerbars.... i need them... for my knee.. im a cripple. I heard powerbars heal crippled knees. Anyway so im sure this is going to be a fun week... maybe i can flirt with one of the panthers and get me some superbowl tickets.... :) ! Sue sex hurt because you didnt RELAX. I dont know if anyone else watches "rich girls" on MTV -- but Ally Hillfiger makes an important point... "let your vagina relax and it will happen smoothly" GROSS... im never going to type that again because i almost vomited. Its almost as bad as "I want you INSIDE me" ... YUCK. VOMIT. ok enough sex talk because frankly i just cant handle it. Well seeing that my day is not close to being over im sure i will have many things to say later... maybe ill see a dyke fight in my Clit Class tonight... cross your fingers !!! LOL GF LYLAS! ROFLMAO ok im out like richard simmons. HOLLA

 finally HOLLA some good stuff. i've been checking and checking and nothing...but good job on today guys. so this weekend i did absolutely NOTHING....and when i say nothing, i stress that. i literally stayed in my apartment all saturday watching lame movies....drinking some red wine (bloomington wine i have to add). then when john came home...he brought a bunch of blue moon (beer from denver....i like it....have you had it before heather?). anyways, so i drink many of those and watch more lame movies. then sunday it snowed like crazy so my plans to get out of the apartment were a little messed up seeing as bloomington doesn't understand the concept of salt on ice, and my car got stuck in the parking lot (did i already mention that). so yeah, i was stuck in my apt. watching lame movies all sunday too (but this time with no supply of alcohol, and no means of getting it either......LAME). so, today, i'm walking to the bus stop at 7:20am and as you would guess....not only does bloomington not know how to salt, but they also don't know how to plow. well, the only place i can walk to the bus stop is on a thin strip of road where cars had been driving b/c the sidewalks were up to my shin in snow as well as 2/3 of the 2 lane road. so i'm happily walking, and what do you know....here come about 5 billion cars about to hit me (and i wonder "why are they driving so fast in this weather"). well, in order to save my life....i jump onto the sidewalk just in time to not get hit by the evil driver and before you know it my pants are all wet and covered in snow. so anyways, lesson learned....don't go to school in bloomington on a snow day....except when you're taking molecular bio. w/ malazinscky and he gives the 5 ppl. that show up to class extra credit....GO ME! so enough about the snow....sue, i'll be looking forward to your detailed blog/email about the weekend. ps: WHO IS THE BEER MAN? b/c i know a guy who we call beer man b/c his last name is bierman. anyways, that would be a wierd coincidence. heather.....WHERE ARE YOU?....john liked the pics...you put at the top of this site...i showed him. betsy, nice job with the dollar in the girl's ass....that must take some skills. angela...good job on making out w/ all those guys. that is very worthy of this website! shawna...i noticed you've been slacking. oh yeah....and mom called me yesterday and thought i was in michigan. random

 HOLLA, HOLY MAN THAT HURT. since im not quite sure abouot my entire life being posted on the internet, you might receive an email detailing my experience this weekend. all in all, lets just say that it was extremely painful and that, just as my mom predicted, i am addicted...too bad that i totally already fell out of lURF with the guy and find him quite annoying...oh well, he's still rich. since i have little time to write (just for now) and i am stilll suffering from sleep deprivation (over-sexed, you know...(;...) i want to highlight why this was on the best weekends that ive had in london friday--kick ass club, provocative texting and flirtation with the "beer man" (who is still as perfect as ever...more later), left him, met up with rich guy...yeah saturday-cut the hell out of my feet walking around the city--left an actual trail of blood; studied a little, went out to another kick ass club and didnt stop dancing for 4 hours...i love euros sunday-yeeeeeeah, had a dinner party with girlfriends and got totally trashed and decided that all men suck (who knew?) monday morning...cant run because i cant feel my feet, need to go to class...already late thats just so you peeps have something to read this morning...MISS YOU ALL, get ready for a really REALLY good blog soon betsy, youre a skank. lol, ttyl, miss ya

 HOLLA Ok so last night was the most hilarious and fun night I've had since England. Ok we went to Show Palace...mind you I was shitfaced to begin with. As soon as I walk in, I sit down with these creepy 40 yr old guys who just give me beer and buy me 89 lap dances. Everytime I got a lap dance I would just start laughing hysterically. Then one of the creepy guys took me to all the strippers and kept handing me one dollar bills to give to them...one of the strippers stuck her bare ass right in my face, so I thought it would be appropriate to put my dollar in her butt crack. So I did. And I kept laying on stage, and some lady kept telling me to stop but I did it anyway b/c our guy friends kept giving us money b/c we're funny...honey. Then we went to Taco Cabana and I ate the whole restaurant. By the way, why is everyone sucking? I've checked this 877987 times and it feels like I'm the only one writing these days. Horse malarky!

 so thursday night was absolutley CRAZY! it started pretty normal, i was drinking here at callaway with my girls before going out, think i had about 3 shots then we head off to this sigma chi party at their house, it was pretty fun i thikn i kissed a couple guys, ya know, plus like every couple of minutes someone mad me take a shot with them, good fun... then we decide to go meet some other people up at this bar called carneys... well im not feeling too bad at this point and since i drove us im like ya im ok to drive.... well its only like a 5-10min drive to carneys & somehow it took us like 1hr... plus we had stopped at kroger in bryan (way out of the way) to pee... ya i was DRUNK AS SHIT!!! well we finally get there and i pass out in a chair then at some point i go to the bathroom & proceed to throw up... well my girls get me home ok and i wake up the next morning only to realize that i had lost my phone at some point in the night... way to go me! so i check my room and car... no there, i call the bar... not there, talk to my friend court to see if she has any of the sigma chi boys numbers to see if it is at their house, well one lives at callaway i go down to his room & its the guy i had kissed... not the least bit weird, the kid prob thinks im stalking him! fabulous well they got lindz's number and said they would call if they found it... well we had planned to go to rockport this weekend so off lindz jess & i go w/o my phone... saturday lindz's phone is ringing and she is like hey do yall know this number... im like... ya thats my mom FABULOUS! mom"angela do you have a missing cell phone?" me"ummmmmm ya" she said "well kroger in bryan just called me they have it there, how did you lose it in kroger?" me"i dunno" ...mom"how long has it been missing" me"since yesterday" mom "well you better go get it" it was just a fabulous conversation let me tell you... so anyway i go to get my phone today once we got back and the woman starts quizing me on what the phone looks like... how many people come into kroger trying to claim a lost phone HONESTLY!! well thats about it sorry that was extremely long but drunk stories tend to be i guess....HOLLA

 HOLLA where are you guys? i have been checking this thing a lot and seriously....there's nothing good on here since my last blog.shame on you all. well, i'll be looking for some good stories tomorrow morning during my hour break between classes. MAKE THEM GOOD!!!!!!

 HOLLA just wondering if sue had sex yet.......wow....that was a very graphic story betsy. i can't beleive the stripper let the guy eat her out on stage.....man. strip clubs are dirty. speaking of....we should go to le bare's some time this summer. i don't think shawna's ever been there. alright, i don't have any exciting news....except....IT SNOWED a lot here. more than i've ever see it snow in bloomington. i'm really smart and decided i wanted to go drive to the weight room....well, my car got stuck right when i was leaving and john had to push me back into the parking lot. so, yeah, i guess i shouldn't drive when it's like that out there. that's the lesson of the day folks. dena

 HOLLA well I'm about to go to a strip club. You guessed it! A female one. It's called Show Palace and it's hilarious. It's super trashy and the creepy gross strippers are totally naked and have blinking clit rings. We went one time with the football boys and it was super fun! But also gross. One guy was actually eating one of the strippers out on stage. That can't be legal. Did I tell you about my experience last time?? Ok here it goes! Lauren (roommate) and I were leaning back on the stage with dollar bills in our mouths, and the stripper almost sat on my face. She got here STD infested clit ring on my lip. I sat up and I didn't know whether to laugh or cry. It was half hilarious/half disturbing. And it's bring your own beer...should be great! I'm sure I'll blog when I'm trashed. And seriously what the fuck why is no one blogging? Especially you Sue, you have shit to say!!

 Ill start off by saying... WHERE ARE ALL THE POSTS??? I know its the weekend but come on people bloggin is a PRIORITY. Today i worked at the indoor track meet...from 10 am to 8 pm!! O MY GOD im soooo tired. I have a hurt knee which has caused me to limp the past two weeks...and what job did they assign me??? The one where i have to take result from upstairs to the awards stand DOWNSTAIRS..... since there were about 100 pages of results you can do the math .... it was a lot of walking up stairs.... not good. Yesterday was a track meet and i didnt go so the bitchy girls on my team made a huge deal about it.... this one girl has been making comments all day. "Why weren't you at the meet shawna" "So you finally decided to show up?" yeah i was pissed off so i decided to ignore her every time she talked to me... haha IN YO FACE BITCH. Sorry im bitter. Im going to yell at her next time she says something. I cant wait!!! I recently recieved a deposit in my university account of 1700 bucks... which is my financial aid to pay rent and EAT... and the other day i was trying to buy books on the internet at the website heather suggested.... Well they wouldnt take my card because its a DEBIT card..... but i kept submitting it like 10 times because i didnt know why it wasnt working... well app. everytime they told me it wasnt going through they CHARGED ME. I have 10 charges of 156 dollars and now only have 600 dollars left!!!! ... i know im bad with money but i didnt spend 1000 dollars in one night!!!! I wrote them a mean letter ... that'll show em.. haha. They best be giving me back my money otherwise ill be living in a cardboard box for the rest of the year. Today at the meet there were like 1300 entries. Which is A LOT. Well the girls mile this girl ran 8 MINUTES!!! Then i guess she wasnt embarassed enough so she ran the 800 too... 4 MINUTES... for you NON-RUNNERS that is unbelievably slow... especially for someone COMPETING. I can run 8 minutes for like 15 miles.. probably more. It was funny though because i was sitting with all the people doing results and all the old men were making fun of her.... slow people suck. Yeah well im going to play halo because i have no life. SUE how was the sex? Was it everything you ever dreamed of?? Did you get it up the butt?? Because i heard thats the best. LOL GIRFRIEND ROFLMAO TTYL LYLAS!!!!!! aiight im gone like sue's V-Card HOLLA

 HOLLA yeah shawna i want to go to your super bowl party so call 713 348 7524 or im me.

 HOLLA I AM AT WORK RIGHT NOW THAT'S WHY I'M TYPING IN ALL CAPS. I AM BORED...OK SUE YOU SUCK B/C ONCE AGAIN, YOU DIDN'T CALL ME. YOU ARE A BIG BALL OF ASS FUR. THEREFORE, YOU BETTER WRITE BACK VERY SOON TO TALK ABOUT YOUR SEX EXPERIENCE!!!!! I LOVE COACHING...THAT WAS A RANDOM THOUGHT BUT IT IS SUPER FUN. I GOT DRUNK LAST NIGHT BUT NOT VERY DRUNK B/C I WAS STILL KINDA HUNG OVER FROM THE NIGHT BEFORE...ACTUALLY I'M STILL KINDA HUNG OVER FROM THAT NIGHT. OK I'M OUT.

 HOLLA i'm dating johnny....so get over it! you can have robbie or bobby or whatever i told you. ps: sue, when's the sex......tonight...tomorrow...yesterday?

 HOLLA...sex :)

 dena, you're dating Johnny?? You told me his name was ROBBIE! I'M dating Johnny... Tell her, shawna!

 HOLLA shawna, you were wondering who reads this?....well, duh, it's johnny....he wants to know if we caught on that he's been cheating on all of us with all of us. well johnny.....WE KNOW. it's sooooo over. (haha)

 HOLLA, shawna does have a vibrator.....it's blue...oh nevermind...betsy does have that....and the book about the gay wreslers playing with eachother's balls. haha. that was sooooo funny....i can't beleive we got in trouble for reading those books at the porn store. that girl was a ho....literally. yeah, so olive garden was goooood. i got cheese ravioli, salad and breadsticks and some fruity alcoholic drink.....it was kind of watered down so i was dissapointed. well, i don't think i'm going out tonight....i'm supposed to go to some parties but i just feel like staying in and finishing the puzzle i've been working on.....it's a big one.....1000 piece. no, seriously, i'm really doing a puzzle. alright....i gotta go....since i'm sooooo busy and all. late ps: do we have any pics. of our high school track halloween day? that was soooo funny....heather, we found sara's old prom dresses....nice pieces of work (all sequinsed and puffy shouldered)....and thought it would be funny since the next day was halloween to dress up in them. so, along comes time to go to track practice.....betsy is wearing a prom dress, sue is wearing a unitard that says cuba on it, i'm wearing angel wings and some weird drunk goggles that look like bug eyes (i don't think shawna dressed up). anyways, we all actually ran and did the workout in those clothes.....it was funny. good old phil....we gotta go see him (he was our coach who LOVED us....of course cuz we gave him his christmas bonus if yyou know what i mean.....ehhh)

 I noticed today that we almost have 100 hits... thats fun and all... but who the hell reads this?? I know i check it at least 5 times every ten minutes but where are all these hits coming from!?!? Just curious.... its like we say all this weird stuff and people read it and probably think we are the biggest freaks in the world... which is pretty much true... but still! LOL. Oh well. i guess i will never know. Going to download some internet porn and get to know my vibrator a little better. (that was for all you non-members ... ) P.S. i dont really have a vibrator... betsy does though. She shares one with her lover shelly. HOLLA

 Shawna - count me in on coming to your SB party! (I wish...) And yes, I got your sexy speedo lover postcard! gimme sum o' DAT, yo! Maybe you could draw HIM for me and send it my way! So what's with your luck lately? Splattered paint on your car, smashed in glass doors, a hand that looked like a CLOUD?! wow. sucks to be you. Must be all that bad karma for swipin' those envelopes, you rebel! haha! And to think, they were only THREE BUCKS! How much did those Apple Pie Bites set ya back?? Maybe you could stop stuffing your face and start paying for stuff you actually need! Olive Garden is my absolute FAVORITE! I swear, everytime we go I make them bring out more and more salad bowls... Daniel always gets embarrassed cause I'll just shovel it in for as long as they offer more! Then I'll be too full to eat my cheese ravioli, which is part of the plan since I like it the best cold for breakfast the next day! I've got it all worked out! And it's true, the mints are the best. Except the last TWO times I've gone, NO MINTS! WTF?! Anyway, Dena, fresh little 16-year-old you making out with a 30-some-year-old friend of the best man at my sister's wedding was the BEST memory... and then having my dad walk out on you guys making out in the bushes outside!! haha! Good times! I ditched class today. I stayed up way too late (4:30 am) working on stupid (yet piiiiiimp) web stuff in Flash. I love Flash. I'm such a dork. And i'm not even good at it. I suck major ass. it's like shawna with drawing, only digital. Shawna, here's our challenge: you draw speedo lover in your sketchbook, and I'll draw speedo lover in Flash, and then we'll compare to see who sucks more! haha! All right kiddos... back to being a total geek on a friday night. my only hope for getting out of this house tonite would be to go see daniel rock out with his cock out, cause some band asked if he'd open for their show, but he hasn't told me if it's a go or not yet... HOLLA LONGA, ya'll

 Ok well im absolutely bored. Its weird how much i hate the fact that my weekdays are full of school and track... but the days when i dont have to do that i am soo bored that i wish i had to go to school or run. One of the mysteries of life. Dena just called me. It was quite random but then i realized it was because i ACCIDENTALLY called her a few days ago. So thanks dena for returning my call 3 DAYS LATER... despite the fact i didnt mean to call you..what if i had some important info??? Lucky you that i am still living and breathing. I went to get some lunch and when i pulled into the parking lot my roommate was leaving. And she looks at me then points to our apartment balcony.... THE GLASS DOOR IS SMASHED IN! I was like...woah what happened... well she then explained to me that she doesnt know but it happened from inside our apt because the shattered glass is sticking OUT not IN. Well my other roommate had people over last night at 2 am and we think that they got a little rowdy and broke it. When we asked her what happened she said "i dont know.. i think someone threw a rock at it!!" Well apparently some random guy was on a mission to break our window and app. he USED A BOULDER to do it.... yeah right good try roommate....next time think of a better story! All i know is she better fix it and pay for it bc im not chipping in! OMG THE APPLE PIE BITES AT JAMES CONEY ISLAND ARE ORGASMIC! Go get some.. they are yummmy! :) Sorry i am eating them right now... mm mmm mm. i decided that since i am going to become an artist that i should try to start sketching in my sketch book. And the lines i draw in my class just arent making me a better artist. So i started drawing my hand.... well the hand turned into a sunflower and the sunflower turned into a cloud. I CANT DRAW!!! I suck. Maybe these line excersizes are meant for me. Betsy can you send me a sample of one of my Miss Johnson stories.. i have many ideas but i need the format of the stories to continue the Miss Johnson Tales. Also i WANT TICKETS TO THE SUPER BOWL!! I decided that you can see my balcony from reliant or RELIANT FROM MY BALCONY is more like it.. anyway so i am going to make a huge sign saying something like "Ill get naked for superbowl tickets" or something like that so when the helicopters that are constantly flying over my room see it maybe they will give me tickets!!! I think it might work. If not im just going to hop the fence and sneak in... it will work because i have camo. PS i think im having a superbowl party so if ya wanna come let me know. UH is having the Celebrity basketball Gridiron game in our basketball stadium.... its some annual superbowl event ... R.Kelly J-boog and the rest of the B2K clan will be there... along with a bunch of "african american" celebrities that i have never heard of. Some football players as well. Tickets are only 25 bucks but i decided that i dont want to watch r.kelly molest 13 yr old girls and i also already saw B2K at wal-mart last year so i really dont care about them. Did you guys get my picture card i sent on email?? Ok well i must go.......... doo nothing. SO BYE HOLLA

 Ok today HOLLA has been alright...I'll go with some good, some bad. Let's start with the bad. Ok I got a ticket b/c I woke up at 8:02 am and I was supposed to move my car at 8:00 am. It was a $125 ticket. Rice police sucks. You know what's weird about England...they have brown sauce. That sounds like diarrhea. Ok then, as you may have been able to tell...I got shitfaced last night. I was more hungover than someone who would get bad hangovers. And I had weights today and we had to do a running workout. Somehow I managed to keep myself from hurling...vomit really freaks me out. On the flip side, I won tickets to the opening ceremonies of the Super Bowl, plus I might get to be one of the people cheering in the crowd at the Janet Jackson halftime show. Thanks Black Student Association! Ok that's it.

 FINALLY THE WEEKEND woo hoo!! After a WEEK FULL OF MORNING-NIGHT CLASSES i am just going to eat and sleep until monday morning. except saturday because i have to work the High School indoor meet at UH.... there are 1250 people entered to compete!!!! Guess what my job is?? TO type ENTRIES into the computer!!! WTF??? that should be fun. i have to work 11 am - 10 pm.... thats just plain queer. I am a professional "line drawer" ... yes its true! Last night I had my drawing class... first of all i got in trouble because i brought the wrong paper!!!! So LUC already hates me.... then he tells us we are doing a line variation excersize... sounds interesting right??? Nope pretty much had to just DRAW LINES FOR 3 HOURS... no joke... i have 6 pages (19 inch paper) front and back of lines!!!! I know this is an introduction to drawing class but come on... we arent in kindergarten! So i have 6 pages of signed line drawings.... so if anyone wants to buy one just ask. Oh yeah we also got to graduate to circles triangles and squares after an hour and a half... so i have plenty of those too. well its about that time again -- time to eat that is... i havent eaten yet today and thats just not acceptable. Sooo sorry this blog was short and boring but surprisingly yes i have run out of anything to say! Just wait till later though.. i will probably have some interesting news... maybe someone will splash blue paint on my car today. HOLLA

 sue, i had exactly the same mental pic. as you of betsy typing.....haha, that's funny. i always picture her like i saw her one time drunk....she was wearing my bathingsuit....my bra on her head and a karate belt wrapped around her head too holding the bra on. it was a funny sight. good stuff betsy, keep on trucking. today i'm going to the olive garden, well, i don't know, i don't know if i'll have enough time. but seriuosly i AM going...mmm.. salad and breadsticks. heather, remember when we ran into chris at the olive garden...and he had to bring up his one friend (i'll tell 'so and so' you said hi). that was sooooo random. there was also the time when i was at the olive garden (don't remember who i was with) but i definately wanted more mints....so for some weird reason, i thought....maybe one of the tables we walk by will have a mint on them.....so i look at a table as i walk by it, and sure enough.....there's a mint sitting there. of course i take it and eat it. yep, those were good times too! oh, about b-ball, we lost really bad last night....so i invited one of the IU b-ball players to come play on my intermural team. haha, we are gonna kill the other teams now. this is gonna be funny. oh, everyone should go to this website: www.ratemenude.com (yes i know sue....i spend too much time with these rate me sites...but they are funny) i'm out

 since i am habitually the first one to post everyday, i didnt think it would be fair, if ya'll woke up and didnt have something to read. i dont have much to say and i have some work i need to get done before i go to class so ill keep it real. i'll keep it simple...i'll keep it real simple. concurrently, i will also be a loser. tonight i am going to a boat party put on by the columbian club. columbians are good for one thing--drugs. i lie. theyre probably good at some other stuff, but i dont care to think of it right now. i am excited because i am going to dress like a whore, get real drunk and try and jump into the the river. i am also going to call the thames the THAAAAAMES (like james) all night and be as american as i can. teehee, i am so funny. betsy is retarded and i can imagine her trying to type drunk---one eye all squinty poking around iwth her fingers probably hunched over the keyboard and then pops up to see what shes written (with her nose appox. 2cm away fromn the screen) drunkity drunk drunk. i love it. ok, hoes, must do work. ill post after class--which i dont get out of until 5--on a freakin friday! argghhhh ( i love pirates)

 HOLLA why do all teherse popup adss ocmre up i am itired of them even thogh i askd for godazilla he said yes i'm sorry i have to run 240's tomorrow i am going to throw up it is gross hi all friends i am doing good with grammar even though im drunk thank you ok y9u guys raare fun ik' tired i'm going to bed gnight.

 Ok guys HOLLA here is the deal...I can't really think of anything to say but I'm just gonna keep on a typin'. Oh yes, Heather asked how we all know each other. Well I think everyone pretty much covered it. Yep. Ok I don't think I threw up that night b/c the only night I ever threw up (I actually threw up the next morning but it turns out that I really had a virus so it shouldn't count) was New Year's two years ago when I got completely shitfaced at the Frenchs' house and made out with Sue's brother. Sorry Sue. Please do your research on tampons...you could do it on tampon fetish and perhaps its objectification of women? I can think of some great websites to help you out with that one. Or maybe that tampons are wonderful for women b/c they enable them to do things that the normal maxi simply wouldn't allow them to do. At any rate, I cherish my tamps. I think we should all celebrate our tampons and have a parade for those who wear maxis. We could throw it out to them and they could stick em in their vages, right there on the street. I'm sorry. Ok I kinda have to pee but I think I'm gonna hold it. My life sucks right now b/c I freakin night class almost every day of the damn week. Ok supes and toods losers!

 hey, i just wanted to say that heather's email cracked me up. yeah....that was a good day in the tampon isle..the best was that brianna was with us and had to learn all about tampons. i don't remember what gma said, but it was definately inapropriate. i remember we all laughed at her. heather, it's true, gpa was hot when he was younger. i think me and you both decided on that. haha. ummmmm....FSO meetings F=figure S=shit O=out ....figure shit out meetings....it all started in highschool when shawna was ineligable to run track b/c of grades and we needed her to win state cross country. anyways, pretty much every day we'd meet at respectable places such as hooters and have 'meetings'. that's the story behind the FSO meeting. i do want to make it clear that i too did not puke that night at sue's house. who DID puke? i remember sue yelling at katie saying "the rule in my house is you can't make out unless i'm making out too". haha. that was funny. good times. alright, gotta eat and go to my basketball game! seeya

 Let me just say that Sue did not throw up...but i was merely trying to point out that i DID NOT EITHER. I did throw up the next weekend though at katie's house where i proceeded to clean up my puke w/windex... yes i was drunk but at the time it seemed to be a fantastic idea. Well Im back at the computer lab AGAIN.... awaiting my 3 hour art class which i bought 80 dollars worth of supplies for today. I look like such a nerd... i have this Huge art pad of paper that is literally bigger than me and one of those tackle boxes that you keep art supplies in... (kinda like Caboodles) ...anyway i have to carry that around campus and i feel totally loserish. Oh well Nerds are cool. I try to walk swiftly to make myself look important, if i do who knows but the important thing is i FEEEEL Important! so i was leaving the art store with a million things in my hand and i walk up to my car to find that some freakin idiot decided to drop orange paint on the ground... let it SPLATTER ALL OVER MY CAR and leave.... what a f-in ASSHOLE. i Have orange paint ALL OVER the side of my car!!!!!! I am soo pissed... and at the time i was just thinking... who do i sue for this? But the worst part is... I CANT SUE ANYONE because i dont know who did it!!!!!! Total p.c queerness!!!! if i see anyone walking around the 4th largest city of houston with orange paint on their hands or clothes they are getting their teeth knocked out.... im regulating on their ass!!! I also had the pleasure of getting stuck waiting for a train for 15 MINUTES on the way to the grocery store... it was by far the longest train i have ever encountered.... then i had to get envelopes.... well i was not about to pay 3 bucks for a box of envelopes so i decided to open the box and just slip a few of em down my pants.... OOOPS. im such a rebel. dena im glad you paid your duties as a u.s citizent and helped that guy... and by help i mean watch him die!!! ehhhhhhhhhhh i have nothing more to say but i still have 45 minutes before class..... so i guess ill surf the internet or something. UMM yeah. Ok. tampons are cool. HOLLA

 We've hit 69 on our counter, ya'll! HOLLA!

 i did NOT throw up that night. not even close. in fact i was barely drunk. i was loooooking after you fine people and watching katie makeout with that weird guy...hotness. betsy, there better be a good blog soon otherwise its over. not really, but threats always seem to work stupid people are lame. real lame. ill explain later but its 930 here and that can only mean one thing...BEDTIME! WOOHOO! late kiddos shawna, im glad you wear tampons.

 HOLLA assholes! Ok this one's gonna be short b/c I'm already late and my day is busier than a pube sack, but I just wanted to say hi really quick. I'll write later...possibly when I'm drunk. Oh Heather did we have HOT and WET email affair?? Sounds vaguely familiar...sex! Ok gotta go take a shit. Peace out girl scouts.

 Seriously, Shawna -- so what if you've got 0.00037% of Pocahontas' genes (which, by the way, are way too small for you and make your ass look fat as hell)... You've got a whopping 50% of hot 'n horny Hungarian blood running through your veins!! (slightly off the subject, do you guys think it's weird that I think G-pa was HOT when he was younger??) Now, thank you everyone for clearing things up for me... See, i've heard a lot of these stories from Dena and Shawna (i.e. spiking the spanish teachers drink and being exiled to the annex, etc.), but it's nice to put faces to the friends who were around at the time to witness it all. On the feminist side of things, many a year ago when i took women's studies, we, of course, gave it our own little name as well. "Hey, Heather, wanna go f*** some boys down at the rec center?" "Gee, you'd know i'd be down (literally) in a heartbeat, but I've got damn CLIT CLASS at 3:00..." And why is it that all women's studies profs are the butch-type? You never see any Lipstick Lesbians teaching the class... Our dyke of a professor tried to get the scool to change the spelling of the entire department to WOMYN'S Studies... give me a break! Shawna - please do your paper on tampons! I mean, you've already logged about THREE HOURS of on loaction research at the grocery store in Evergreen with me and Dena! Everyone, here's the story... we're stranded in a small mountain town where our G-folk live, bored as hell, so we take the short drive to the grocery store to pass some time. Somehow, we end up in the tampon aisle, for like, I don't even know how long -- it was a LONG-ASS time -- just comparing and discussing the pros and cons of each type of tampon, who uses what, and how we are all envious of Tampax PEARL tampons, even though they're probably just like regular tampons but the commercials are so cool and the box is pretty. I've never actually splurged on the pearls, but I think Shawna may have actually bought a box that day, just to upshow me and Dena. Oh! Now I remember! The whole reason we went to the store was actually an emergency because we all ran out of tampons and had to buy more. (So if we were desperately in need of a tampon, why did we hang out in that store for so many hours??) Okay, so the best part of this story (besides buying 1-day punk-rocker hair dye, which I'll let Dena or Shawna explain) is that when we got back to the G-folks, we all of course had to "use the restroom," and our nosy G-ma was like, "So, vhat dit you tree purchase at da drocery store?" (She says V's instead of W's, and T's instead of TH's, etc. Think COUNT DRACULA or THE COUNT on Sesame Street... yeah, same accent.) And I can't remember if we told her or not, but she pretty much knew after she saw us all use the bathroom, one after the other... i know she said some inappropriate comment, but I can't remember what it is now... FSO?? explain, please. All righ, ya'll... off to Clit Class!! HOLLA BACK, ya'll. Uh. Heather

 HOLLA shawna, didn't you realize that we're half hungarian....

 HOLLA FOLKS! first off i would like to say.....yes, the day we saw c. bloodworth in those small blue shorts/speedos was the best day ever.....mmmmm. it was pretty FREKIN HOT. and sue, does anyone actually know about the sober slut day besides c. blood, us, and the whole klein swim team? that was sooo funny. i'll let you tell the story...cuz i think you'd tell it better than me...you know my stories ("i've never been to new braunfels before"). on another note we should have FSO meetings again....this summer? heather if you come to houston...you can come to them.....they involve eating. (actually that's all they are pretty much). so, yesterday when i was walking to class, i look up and watch a car back into a guy on a bike. the guy got knocked out, so naturally, i decide to go watch. well, about 50 people swarm around to watch the unconscious guy, but of course nobody does anything. i watched for a while but then had to go to class. it was very interesting...i think someone called the ambulance eventually, so it was a happy ending. um.....feminists ARE annoying...i have run into a lot of them here in bloomington seeing as this town consists of lesbians, hippies, feminists, normal students and jewish people. the bloomington slogan is: "come out and play" and i am not kidding, the reason for this slogan is to attract gay people. here is the website if you don't beleive me: http://www.indystar.com/articles/6/105436-5646-009.html so anyways, ummmmmm....i don't have any exciting news. i am the captain of the basketball team (intermural b-ball that is). our team is gonna lose so bad (but i know you guys prob don't care...therefor, i'm gonna stop writing). late

 Well i would like to start off by commenting on Sue's story of how we all know eachother..... she left out the fact that I WAS A COOL MOTHER F*CKER and had TWO friends.. not ONE..... and that she used to be mean to me when i was a freshman because she was ONE OF THOSE types of sophomores who was on a power trip. Its true... lol... luckily she came to her senses (i graduated freshman year) and realized that i was too cool for school. So we all became friends and forever became bfffffffs. Angela and i met in Multimedia class senior year and started causing trouble together... AKA getting drunk and throwing HUGE parties w/people we hated. We all collaborated at sue's house one night to drink and thats how we all know eachother... FYI: THAT NIGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE WHO DIDNT THROW UP. We also watched porn. It was good. Heather is me and dena's cousin we are very VERY CLOSE...if ya know what i mean..wink wink. jk but we do have a tendency to dress up and get drunk off of dr. pepper and obsess over a guy named JONNY who is cheating on all three of us with eachother... its a love triangle. We also play massive amounts of Tetris on XBOX...its quite fun. We are hot grandchildren of a crazy lady named Eva Buna. Ok now i have explained that i want to discuss my women's studies class..... i think it should be called "Lesbians 101" .... but thats just my opinion. First of all.. my prof is sooo lesbian its not even funny...lesbian enough for me to ask my classmate why a man was teaching women's studies... i was later informed that it was not a man. Oops. There are 40 women in there.. and 1 MAN.. no not the prof.... but some random latino guy who is probably looking for booty. Anyway we started talking about class projects and one of the projects my prof was like " you can discuss anything related to women.... wonder bras barbies...even tampons" -- wow i cant wait to write a research paper on tampons.. i wonder is she wants me to bring in props too... (ewwww). Anyway so that should be interesting ... especially since she went on a rampage in the middle of class about how she HATES that guys always ask girls to borrow their staplers because girls always have staplers and guys dont.... she says "just because we are smart enough to carry staplers to class doesnt me we want to let you borrow them" .... all this time i was thinking: a) i dont carry staplers to school B)a guy has never asked me to borrow a stapler and C) Who the f*ck cares..its a f*ckin stapler!!!! OMG im sorry but feminists bug me! Its good im in a class of 40 of them! oh well..im still getting an A because it consists of nothing but WRITING... helll yeah. Today my health prof. called out my name during roll and was like... FLORIDA?!? wow thats a cool name...whats your background. and im sitting there feeling retarded that he points me out in a class of 60 people so im just like...uhhhhh i dont know my background..... he says "you dont know where you came from" so i just spat out what ever would come out and i said "i think im native american" haha OMG i felt so retarded.. because hello im NOT native american! My family tree links back to poccahontis so that was the first thing that came to mind... haha im such a loser. Everyone laughed because they thought i was trying to be funny but really i was just stupid. oh well so i guess im the class clown now...sounds good to me. Ok well i like usual have a million things to do tday so i must go but i will probably post again after practice when im bored.... BETSY/DENA/ANGELA - yall are the posting slackers of the week..... GET ON TOP OF IT! still working on the miss johnson tales!!! get excited! HOLLA

 people see me reading the blog at school and they want be our friends. its true. how could they not. i almost told a girl today that i loathed her and that she was the most lame individual ive ever come across, but i used restraint and kept it in. well done sue. c.blood in a blue speedo. need i say more? that image will be forever ingrained in my mind. that, and the time when dena and i were huge SOBER sluts. good times, good times. i have to go to class but let me leave you with this..i hate boys...subject to change.

 a long long time ago ( i can still remember when...) there was this girl named dena. dena went to theiss elementary school and ran a mile with a broken foot and still beat everyone and became the talk of the town. soon later, dena skipped the country and took along with her a little sister. they were not to be heard from for a long long time. when it was finally safe for the florida family to return to the good ol' US of A, they went to doerre middle school, which was way better than both kleb and strack. it was there that sue, the coolest girl who couldnt close her mouth because her braces took up most of her face, met dena. dena was still fast. much faster than amanda or april or melody but the track coaches were lesbians and were mean to dena because she wouldnt go down on them. they were bitter. they were sooo bitter that they made up this HORRIBLE LIE that dena spiked the drinks in her spanish class and they sent the innocent girl to annex (the school for the dysfunctionals). shawna was still a loser and only had one friend. so no one talked to her. whatever. the floridas were forced to leave the country again and everybody forgets about those fast track girls. sue still has braces and is "hard to look at" and betsy hates everyone and has acne. betsy and sue go to highschool. since they are sooooo damn cool, they join the CC team and are, by far, the coolest freshman to rock the klein high school world. blah blah blah, theyre awesome, shit goes down. betsy and sue rule. then all of a sudden, the floridas come back and coach phil makes them workout on the hottest day of the year and they nearly die. sue and betsy forgive their ineptitude and welcome to their fun community. sue and betsy also warn shawna not to befriend the evil twins that are having lesbian sex with the tall ugly girl. yadda yadda yadda...time goes by, floridas move again, betsy and sue STILL dont grow up. more time goes by, shawna and dena come back, and BAM! were all best of friends and meet up all the time to figure shit out (FSO, aka EAT). at some point, anglela comes to sues house and gets drunk. shawna throws up that night. shawna starts a blog and heather is invited because she is funny. and betsy had sex with mrs johnson. and they all lived in different state/cities/countries happily ever after

 i wussed out on riding the mechanical bull... but damn! you really can get turned on watching people ride those things -- guys AND girls! Memorable events from tonite: 1. Two short latino thugs coming right up next to us to "dance," but they were really just taking pictures of our boobs with their camera phones, and we didn't know until it was too late... 2. My poor feet getting stepped on A MILLION TIMES by the girl wearing 5" stillettos during the "BULL-SHIT" line dance, which i pretty much suck at... 3. 80's dancing to the LAMEST song i have ever heard, and having homeboy come up and be like, "damn! you've got some MOVES! mind if i just stand here and watch for a while?" umm, helloooo??? I was JOKE-80's dancing, not cool/modern 80s dancing. I looked like molly ringwald from the breakfast club meets FLASHDANCE! I swear, guys and their lines nowadays... aiiight, g's... time for beddy-bye. I'm really surprised no one's blogged since my last blog... that never happens anymore... damn, my hair smells like nasty bar smoke... i hate that! I get so spoiled in boulder cause it's illegal to smoke inside any and every public building, including bars, so when we venture into denver, we come home reeking of smoke. it sucks! okay, g'night! read ya' tomorrow! (get it? instead of SEE YA tomorrow?!)

 Sue, I'm so relieved that he fits in category A! That means you have my approval (as if you need my approval) to allow him to be the first to punch your ol' V-card. haha! But on the serious side of things, I'm glad you're doing it for you, and not for anyone else. Now, I need to get a few things straight, here. Who knows who in this little blog?? And how do you all know each other? I'm so confused. Sue, it sounds like you've never really met me or Angela, right? But you know Betsy? And Betsy, who do you know? (I think I may have had a short but HOT AND WET email-affair with you once... I could be wrong...) Do all of you know both Dena and Shawna, or just Shawna? And Sue, I thought you went to Tulane, but now you live in England are are studying law?? But you're seeing a guy who's from New Orleans, but went to CU, and now I'm assuming lives in England, too, since you're currently seeing him... please straighten things out for me, would ya? So tonite I'm goin' out with my girls to our favorite Wed-night hangout -- The Stampede. It is THE PLACE TO BE on a Wednesday night... It's usually a country bar, but Wed nights are ladies' nights (translation: HIP HOP night!) so they play 4 or 5 hip hop songs, then 4 or 5 fun country line dance type songs where everyone makes absolute FOOLS of themselves as the make up their own moves to the line dances that all the regulars seem to know, and then they play more hip hop, etc. etc. And this place gets PACKED! It's so fun! maybe we'll ride the mechanical bull tonite... i've never done it. it looks kinda hard! Yee-Haw! I mean, Yee-HOLLA! Heather

 sup PLAYETTES...and...PLAYETTEs.....yeah anyway i am currently sitting in the athletic computer lab doing HOMEWORK before my women's studies class. Yes i am using my free time to do homework.... well right now im not because im bloggin' but i WAS doing it i swear. Im such a studious person, it reminds me of that time betsy had sex with miss johnson during 4th period sex education class back in highschool. So i wrote a tearful letter to the Director of Financial Aid about keeping my scholarship... it's two pages and very touching i must say. I have to go turn in it before friday or else i am SCREWED. I am typing on the CUTEST computer right now.... its A MAC of course but its BRIGHT PINK...... pink is a great color... its kind of like the color of shelly and betsy's double sided vibrator. I did my workout today and probably did EVERY POSSIBLE crunch position there is to do. I did it with the medicine ball, i did it with the pilates ball, i did it with free weights and i did it with my own self. IT meaning crunches not sex like sue. Wow my abs hurt and i just laughed at the guy who walked in because he tripped over ABSOLUTELY nothing and it made my tummy hurt. But very funny. He is looking at me because he knows i am making fun of him. OMG i just winked at him... i dont even know why it just sporadically happened....now he thinks i want to cyber sex him up like betsy & c.blood ! OH WELL - man im such a heartbreaker.... lol. ok well i must go to my class i guess but i expect some good blogs later because i have no life and this is what i look forward to every day. SOON TO COME: MISS JOHNSON STORIES...DUN DUN DUN. HOLLA

 HOLLA! I just had cyber sex with Chris Bloodworth....lol! It was hilarious! Actually it was hot. That's what friends are for...whenever you're going through a dry spell, it's nice to have a guy just whip it on out for you on an msn web cam. Love that guy! Sue you gotta tell us how it goes!!! Yeah seriously who cares if he's a slut...that probably means he's better at doing sex and that's all that matters! Just kidding. Well god bless America, my feet smell like asshole. I can't find any of my ankle socks so now my shoes smell like Sue's. Do you snooze? Or perhaps drink booze? With a kooz..ie? Alright Sue I'm working on your sculpture and I'm welding which means I get to use a kick ass blow torch, meaning I'm gonna end up setting the school on fire. Heather you sound funny. We just got letter jackets and they're the size of Montana. I have to pee.

 Well here i am .... just got back from my classes and im hot doggin' it up w/my james coney island... MMM MMM MMMM. Im sorry but no matter how many times someone tells me what hot dogs are made of i will always love them! Today i had Hotel & Restaurant Management class and Sociology.... Both classes sound easy. My HRM prof said...and i quote "I will give you the EXACT exam one week before you take it to study off of" ... so i have a feeling i will be acing that class. If i dont i give you all permission to take me out back with the guy that sue third wheeled with and shoot me. And my sociology prof looks, acts, and talks like Dave Chapelle.... its kind of scary yet it kept me amused. The highlight of my morning was when Shayne (my prof) asked "Why do we go to college?" and the thug sitting next to me says "Because my highschool teachers left a lot of shit out" ...interesting..one of the perks of going to UH i guess. The not-so-much-a-highlight of my day...: Going to my car and having a parking ticket.... i was parked at a meter and i paid for 1 hr and a half...and i was 3 MINUTES LATE...and the guy gave me a ticket.... stupid guys in their gay little golf carts... GET A REAL JOB your a middle-aged man who orgasms when he gets to put tickets on cars that are THREE MINUTES past their meter time!!! once again I HATE PEOPLE. Which is why im becoming an artist...so i can wear dark clothes and express my hatred with ART and make no money. Well actually i am going to be in advertising so i guess i have to learn to like people. Damnit. Well i need to write a letter to the President of Financial Aid about my scholarship... time to work my Bullshitting magic :) !!!! Oh yeah and i have Women's Studies tonight... i get to learn about a bunch of lesbians... CANT WAIT! Sue why wait till saturday to get the booty.... "just do it" as nike would say! HOLLA

 HOLLA BACK YOUNG UNS. well,heather, that was infomative an amusing all at the same time, i give you an A for effort AND content, well done. and in my due part, i will subsidize your anaylsis with the facts. 1. hes from out of state (rich boy from an old family in new orleans) 2. hes rich 3. hes a slut 4. his frat (ATO) got kicked off campus for sinking a yacht (yes, i said YACHT) im not letting this slutty thing deter me though. i think alot of people are sluts. i dont like them any less (i only dislike them if i hate them, and a slut is in no way a deterrent from me liking someone). HENCEFORTH, i have no qualms about the slutty nature of my future lay. :) wow. my language is quite pedantic, this must cease. i just read a horrible article on the energy crisis on the 17th century so you must excuse my language--im too smart for my own good. soooooooo, last night i went out with one of my few friends here because she needed me to third wheel on a possible catastophe of a date. SERIOUSLY, some people should not be allowed in public or in the breeding pool. we should take them out back and shoot them. do 'em a favor and put them out of their misery. this guy was the worst. since we both immediately decided that he was absolutley wretched, we preceded to get niiiiice and drunk ( i ran alot that day and had only eaten cashews, so it didnt take much...) and completely ignore him. even though he rarely spoke, his presence still bothered me. i loathe him. you should too. he is the epitomy of lame. he could teach lameocity, he knows it so well. they dont have text books here and you have to go the library to get the books you need ot read excerpts from. i dont mind this so much...except for the fact that there is only one of the books that i really neeed to read. how lame is that? lame. the problem lies in the fact there are 40 people per course all fighting for one book. although i always managed to out-nerd the tulanians and get to the books first, i cant do it here. these people are good. nerdliness to the tee. they put me to shame. lame shame. im getting a sculpture from betsy and YOURE not. ha! i am waiting for my book and its still not here. its never coming.boooooo. i dont have class today and wanted to get alot done but it looks as if two hours of studying is going to be me calling it a day. oh well. i went to go look for the historical research journal--yes its a published magazine...--and its not there either. come on people. ahhhhhhhhh, there is truly nothing for me to do. nothing to read. without reading, theres nothing to write. and dammit, i was ready to work. lame. hmmmmmmmm, im kindo fo hungry. thats always fun. maybe ill go buy underwear. out ps, im glad that you have already ruined my surprise. i hate you all. but ladies, get ready. this is the weekend. and the good thing is, get ready for sappy sentimental stuff, its for me. i want to. plus, i am pratcially a grown up. i live on my own, supported my self (minus the paying for school, but i had everything else) and act like an adult most of the time. its not for any guy, but for me, and thats the way i thought it should be. besides, liza, one of my few friends here, says that when your vagina is happy, the rest of you is happy. i like being happy. all comments and recommendations will greatly be appreciated. until, the next blog. i heart you my bffffffffffffffs--and heather and angie pPs---not a word or insinuation to ANYONE. ill kill you. for real. NO ONE. :) not that its not on the internet or anything laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaate.

 HOLLA ya'll... First off, lemme start by saying that, Sue, if you've got a little boy toy who went to CU, AND was Mr. Frat boy, then CONGRATULATIONS! He's automatically HOT and RICH! Here's the reasoning for this: I don't know how the Greek scene works at other campuses, but here in good ol' Boulder, you only join a Fraternity if A. you are out of state and don't know anyone. B. you don't have any friends and don't know HOW to make friends in the normal way people do. C. you try to make friends but no one will give you the time of day. D. your older brother, dad, or uncle was also a Tri-Delt, and therefore you're almost expected to continue the family tradition and go Greek, even though you're perfectly normal and have tons of legitimate/genuine friends. (These are people I kinda feel sorry for, but this is still the best category to be in. 2nd best category is A. So I hope Sue's guy fits in A or D.) Now, on to the logistics of the Greek System at CU... Face it, you're buying your friends. just admit it. you can't deny it. everybody knows it. So not only do you have to be loaded to buy your friends, but you also have to be loaded to throw the pimpest parties with the coolest HiDef Flat Panel TVs and Surround sound THX stereos, as well as top-shelf only booze and kegerators, not to mention the "best" wine coolers for the ladies (and when i say "best" i mean "tastes like kool-aid," yet all these girls get "so drunk" from them... riiight.) And this isn't a twice-a-semester scenario... we're talking AT LEAST every weekend, if not every night from Thursday thru Saturday. Oh, and frat guys also have to be loaded to buy those huge ass army-type slingshots so they can fire water balloons and used condoms from their balcony across the street to the RIVAL fraternity who is also having a party, in hopes that all the hot freshmen girls will never go to that house again, and instead come to their house where the parties are bigger, the booze lasts longer, the music is hipper, and the cocks are harder... Now you might be saying, "All right, Heather, they're rich. But what about that HOT comment you made earlier?" Well lemme tell you girls. If you had to buy all your friends, would you really waste your money on unatractive people?? HELL NO! You want to be proud of that loyal allegience to good ole Tri-Delt and uphold the campus rumors that "Everybody knows that Tri-Delt has the hottest guys! And they're RICH, too! I don't care what it takes-- I'm gonna get one of them to ask me to their Spring Fling in Aspen this year..." So to answer your question, Sue, well, I guess I didn't really even address the slut-bag part yet... hmmm. Here's the deal. It's pretty much 50/50. Either he's THAT frat guy, or half his friends are THAT frat guy, and since he lives with them, he just LOOKS like THAT frat guy... okay, that's a lie. He's a dirty whore. (Can't blame me for tryin' to make him look good... he IS a fellow Buffalo, afterall...) Wow! that was a lot of rambling on goin' Greek. And I haven't even STARTED with the sororities in this town! Don't get me wrong! I have tons of friends who do the Greek thing, and they're a lot of fun. They all just fit in the A and D categories, that's all. And they really are all sexy and they really do throw the best parties... Keep in mind that CU was ranked #4 in the Major Frat and Sorority Scene category by the Princeton Review (IU took 3rd -- again, way to go Dena!)... Okay, I PROMISE THIS IS THE LAST PRINCETON REVIEW COMMENT I'LL MAKE!! Shawna, this is why you need to tranfer to CU!! Not only are we #1 in everything that means anything, but our X-country team KICKS ASS!! Seeing that I took too long on the frat topic, i'll spare everyone and save more comments for tomorrow! LoveYouMissYouWantYou, Heather

 so shawna has been yelling at me for not blogging i tried telling her i had nothing interesting to say but she wouldnt except that... so get excited cause here it is... i have now wasted over 10 hours of my life going to see lord of the rings return of the king, cause i saw it for the 3rd time sunday night with brad (the one you told to make out with me, remember shawna ya we are still dating or whatever, its been over a month now, thats a really long time for me, i should get an award) but anyway we didnt get back til around 1am i felt kina bad cause he had an 8am, i didnt have class til 12:45 though so oh well... then i went to my classes today 12:45-5:10 kinda sucked i still hate school and wanna drop out, i think our band could make it shawna who cares if we cant sing we're cute... hell millie vanillie did it so can we! anyway i supose i should get ready for another day of classes tomorrow, so does my seeing eye dog! ;) Later kids! P.S. Shawna has now become more studious than me, i didnt do any hw or study... we are switching places and its scaring me! HOLLA

 Ok i realize i have BLOGGED like 20 million times today... but i have one more thing to add.... GO to: http://www.aim.com/acronyms.adp?aolp= I think we should speak in only aim acronyms for the rest of our lives.. hahahahhahaa - THIS IS CRAZINESS I TELL YOU! HOLLA

 yall check out this link: http://uhcougars.ocsn.com/sports/m-basebl/mtt/cherry_brad00.html I was working out in the weight room and saw him today and i was like... i think i know that guy. App. He transferred to UH this semester... WEIRD..... anyway more hot baseball players to go around. :) PS heather he went to klein thats why its wierd. HOLLA

 SUP. Well i finished my first day of school. Here are some of my accomplishments: -I went to all my classes showed up EARLY and STAYED the whole time -I took notes -I FINISHED MY HOMEWORK -Started studying ALREADY wow i am soooo smart its not even funny. Anyway i had my art class... its 5:30 pm - 8:30 .... which absolutely sucks considering its TWICE a week. But i hope i will be busy the whole time. My art prof's name is LUC .. not LUKE ....but LUC ... art people are wierd... why the hell dont you just spell it LUKE and stop trying to be unique... i want to be an art major but im not changing my name to shakna (with a silent k of course) or anything queer like that. GEEZ another reason why i hate people. He also stutters... 3 hours with a stuttering prof... NOT GOOD. Oh well its better than being in a history lecture. I also biked today and i feel soooooo bootylicious again...i did and average of 65 RPM for 30 mins. but i went 80 RPM for 5 minutes... THATS CRAZY FAST just so you know and then i did crazy abs with a 12 lb medicine ball. man i am ripped. Ok well i have to bed myself early since i have class at 9am!! And i have NO IDEA why i just said "bed myself" ... it means go to bed but its cooler to say "bed myself" so SAY IT AND LIKE IT. P.S ... sex in the "shower" instead of city because dena has sex in the shower... GET IT?!?!! Ok thats all. HOLLA

 betsy.....i was thinking along the same lines as you about sue's big announcement. sue lost her "v-card" (i heard that on elimidate...some girl kept bragging about still having her v-card....and then all the girls made fun of her all night for calling it that....haha, it was funny). betsy, way to go smelling like a dead animal.....that's very impressive, and i know it's a hard thing to accomplish. i actually came pretty close the other day.....you can ask john, he had to smell me. i wasn't good enough though to make it to the dead animal smell. watch american idol tryouts tonight....it's in houston for this episode.....i totally should have tried out. i know i would have won, haha. ok, well, not much exciting is going on....i'm almost done with a 1000 peice puzzle....i gotta say it's an accomplishment. later ps: angela....WHERE ARE YOU??? pss: heather....have you heard from your one indian stalker recently? psss: does anyone get the title? sue in the city...instead of sex in the city.....(sue and sex)---i mean if that's the secret

 Ok I look fat and Asian in that picture...but I'm not sending any other pictures because I always look fat and Asian. I'm cute. I want to sex the Olsen twins it's true! SUE IF YOU HAD SEX AND THAT'S YOUR SURPRISE YOU WILL DIE!! I can't be the only virgin I will kill you!!!!! No actually I'll be so proud. Shawna, I think the teacher's name was Miss Johnson or something...and the stories are always about me wanting to have lesbian sex with my imaginary friends Becky and Shelly. God those were funny. Well for the record Paris was beautiful until I almost died. Ok I'm busy as fuck today and I have to go get art supplies right now and then I gotta go coach, but this blogging thing is addictive. I'm not gonna lie, I miss you assholes. I smell like a dead animal.

 HOLLA. hoya. so i'm in the library and i was seriously laughing out loud, LOLing when i read denas blog. damn straight , the only reason the olsons can hang with us IS because theyre rich... and betsy has a crush on them. you rule dena. much ruleage. soooooooooo, im still at school, entering hour 10...and ive actually accomplished very little.i need to read. i wish i could read on the pot. unfortunately there are always lines for the pot and they might think i fell in. so, instead i will read for a little, get bored, and go walk around aimlessly. sounds like a plan. hey, everyone WILL my phone to ring--if we all think real hard, then my sober date will call me. he will have to. i hate boys... laaaaaaaaaaaaaate

 those were some nice pics heather.....and i'm talking about the ebay ones. whew...that one keneth cole guy was pretty HOT. mmmmmmmm. this will be pretty short b/c i gotta go to the bathroom really bad and then read, and read while going to the bathroom.....so all i have to say is: WE ARE FREKIN HOT.....AND THOSE OLSEN TWINS CAN ONLY HANG WITH US CUZ THEY'RE RICH.

 Hello Maties. I started school today... VERY EXCITING... sadly i am being honest- I WAS EXCITED. Im queer..pc queer. Well anyway my health prof mentioned today the lowest grade he has ever given was a c+ ...so i decided that was def a good thing! And i also decided im going to get a 4.0 this semester. yes yes continue to LOL...SUE.. i know you are -- but hear me out. The only class i am going to have to worry about doing good in is my math class... but i figured since this is the 3rd time ive had to take it i should be able to pull out an A w/a little studying. LOL Man im one pathetic loser as lloyd xmas would say. Anyway so yall be prepared to get the surprise of the century this summer when i shuv my 4.0 in yo face! that was my epiphany. heather i am VERY VERY Impressed with the banner... i like i like. and you all can thank me for finding GOOD pictures of you to put on there.... i was very close to sending some embarassing ones but i thought i would be nice .... ANGELA IF YOU DONT BLOG SOON YOU WILL BE GETTING AN EMBARASSING PIC! hey yall im sorry to be harsh but i gotta administrate. LOL. ANYWAY i made a REAL LIVE FRIEND TODAY. IT was crazy... no it isnt an athlete or an athlete girlfriend/boyfriend .... it was a REGULAR NORMAL PERSON. Despite the fact that i dont know her name i do know she is taking 21 hours and she told me where the health center was so we must be best friends forever forever. Ok maybe we arent bffffffs yet but she is in my class so there is room to be friends...especially since she is asian and can TOTALLY take notes for me if i skip class.... haha im such a bitch. And that wasnt very P.C of me but i dont give a f*ck! LOL GIRLFRIEND. (i miss that talk betsy/sue... those were the days.) OH yeah betsy WELCOME TO THE BLOG.. im glad you and your ricey self figured out how to join. Yay! By the way i was talking to sue about the stories i used to write to you in HS .... but i couldnt remember the name of the person i always wrote about... i was thinking about bringing the stories back so you need to fill me in if you remember. LOL SISTA! dena keep "bellydancing" your way to success.... you will one day be a world class stripper. ok well i must go ride the bike then go to my DRAWING CLASS .. YAY FUN CLASSES :) !!!! Stay sweet yalll Ill miss ya... call me this summer we'll hang out! --- word of the day : LOL HOLLA

 HOLLA...if that was in spanish it would be said "hoya". good to know. can i give a huuuuuuge thank you for everyone for posting...its gives me one more thing to do other than write these blasted papers. damn the papers, damn them to hell. so i was looking at the banner (well done heather) and we are HOT! hotter than the olsons thats for damn sure. so, well done us. i think i little self inflation is always needed and hell, ill be the one to provide it. dena, the belly dancer in the box, is juan over it or is he still being lame? i think most people are lame--well except for us hot bitches. not only are they lame, but they are stupid and they take too much of the seat on the bus. is it my problem that your fat ass wont fit on the seat--should i have to give up my comfort because your curcumference in too big? NO and i hate when they dont scoot over and are touching me. i dont even know you, please keep your diseased body parts away from me. sorry, i obviously had a very traumatic bus trip this morning. but i will conclude my stating that i hate when people touch me and there were just soooo many people touching me this morning i really almost screamed. im like those dysfunctional people in school who bang their heads against walls. healthy, sue, reeeeal healthy. betsy, why in the hell did you go to paris..they call is GAY PARIE, you know why? because its queer. and by queer i dont mean queer pc, i mean LAME. so maybe i dont mean queer. but i do mean lame. actually, i wont hold it against you because i am going there in two months. BUT i have an excuse, we have a track meet and theyre paying. so i am only going to hold it against you a little. dena tell me where you used to go in marbel arch--one of my friends lives right with all the indians down there so i neeeeeeeed to know. my surprise is none of shawnas predictions, however, it will blow your socks off. AAAAAAAand, it might piss one of you off because it didnt happen to you first. i'm sure you already know, but just wait...juuust wait.........ok, i admit it, im carrying the next Son of God, you cracked me. damn. shawna, leroy bur-suck my ass- is lame. huge lame o. where would you go if you transferred? lets think. go to university of hawaii and then we can visit you. OR oregon, i hear its nice there...no, im lying and just trying to ruin your life so i can laugh about it later. teehee. my bad since betsy FINALLY wrote, sober at that, on the blog, she is no longer a tampon...the new douche tool is angela. what does she think--her and all her aggie-lameness are too cool to write on our anything-but-lame website. please, angela, puh-lease. i'm glad that dena has recognized that i am bitter. i am also a cynic! i think it adds a little flavour to my personality. as if i werent sarcastic enough, ive decided to add a little more. it's very becoming. and now that i wear black all the time, i think i intimidate people. HOWEVER, despite all that, when i go out,i change personalities, and become SUE the SUPERSKANK and i wear short skirts, tank tops and F*** me boots. its quite a site. ok, i have to read but i expect posts from everyone. its been real. holler homedog g-funks (said in the slow-i-am-so-blatantly-white-voice)

 all right, so Shawna sent me pics of everyone for my little project... if you don't like your pic, then too bad! quit being a lazy ho and send me one where you DON'T look like the campus slut!! jk! but really, send me more pictures you like so i can change it up when we're bored of this silly "prototype." eventually i want to make a really cool flash scene, but that takes longer, so for now, we're stuck with pictures of us ho-bags and the olsen twins... (i thought, hey, as long as we're on this olsen twins kick, may as well rock out with them, right?!) okay, i've stayed up WAY too late browsing for needless crap to buy on eBay, so i'm gonna go to bed now and comment on all your pimp-ass blogs tomorrow... but to hold you over, here is a VERY amusing auction i found on eBay. I PROMISE, YOU WON'T BE LET DOWN THIS TIME!! urlLink CLICK HERE NOW!! (Yeah, I'm pretty sure he WANTS you to see his cock...) Oh, and be sure to check out this guy's urlLink other auctions for more ass, pubes, and package shots... *GROSS!!* HOLLA Loooooooove, Heather

 hey girlies....so i am back from the hip hop class......whew...good times good times. betsy.....you are hillarious. london is the greatest city.....well, almost....make it warm and sunny all the time then it would be the greatest city. quite frankly i hate paris....it smells really bad and the people are assholes if they know you're an american. but they do have a good meal (hamburger with an egg on top of it....the kind where it's still liquidy). i hate eggs, but actually liked this meal which means it IS good. betsy i tried calling you but for some reason i kept calling your house and your mom always seemed annoyed so i gave up on that. well, i'm gonna be like a soccer player and 'head' out. HOLLA

 Shawna that is bullshit...if you're the top distance runner you should be receiving a scholarship. I mean it's understandable to take it away if you're ineligible...but if they don't give it back once you get your eligibility back, then get the hell out of there. I still have to pee. Dena I called you asshole! I even left a message and you never called me back. But also I was hardly in Houston at all during the break...England was awesome. I seriously had the best time I've ever had in my life. I really think I want to live there at some point. I was trashed the whole time. I went to Paris for a day and almost died...I'll tell you that story later if you want to hear it. London is really historic...the architecture is great and old as hell. I have so many stories. Oh and I got a real English bobby hat! We stayed with our old assistant coach...he's a detective now and he gave me his old police hat. I wear it out all the time. Shawna we're gonna go out Friday...my cell phone got stolen so I'll try to IM you or something. Sue what's your surprise???? Ok I gotta piss and read. Peace out girl scouts.

 yeah panty wastes i'm on the blog thing now...so shut up sue you're the cunt rag asswipe! stay sweet girls miss you!! bets

 HOLLA

 haha, that is funny. i was hoping someone wrote back on here cuz i am really bored and don't feel like reading or cooking. well, i guess this just shows how cool we are. but now i gotta go to my hip hop class....don't worry you'll see ALL of my moves...including my 'belly dancing' HOLLA

 Ok so there are two counters.. the one on TOP is for EVERY UNIQUE USER.. the one below it is for every time the page gets a hit.... Dena- we are losers because we are bloggin back and forth. i made it so every post has holla written on it..... I dont know why i just did. So dont be freaked out ... HOLLA

 ok, so it's really weird....i was just about to type a message and "HOLLA" somehow was already typed on here....i swear i didn't type it...so i'm a little freaked out. ummmm...shawna, you should definately not run for them or yeah, transfer if they act all stupid like that....isn't that the reason you went to UH...b/c you got a scholarship. plus, i always have to hear crap from mom and dad about how much college costs so if dad has to pay for yours it's really gonna be annoying. every time i complain about the cold weather....mom is like "oh, why don't you transfer to UT then...it's in-state and a lot cheaper". ANNOYING. our head coach is just like leroy.....all about the sprinters. it's lame. sue, i think the suspense is #2 on shawna's list. late dena

 Leave it to dena to be saddened by my lack of posting... (no post for ONE DAY... GEEZ DENA CRY ME A RIVER.. HAHA) anyway i did post but we must have been posting at the same time because i posted RIGHT Before you did. i think we are bulemic and read minds. (zoolander) Well i talked to my coach... and she ended up not even discussing what i thought we were going to talk about. I had all these arguments ready.. and practiced what i was going to say and everything.... oh well. Anyway she says i can appeal my scholarship being taken away which is what i am going to do. So we'll see what happens. Suzanne whats the news about.. YOU LEFT US ALL IN SUSPENSE... im going to make a few guesses: 1. You are getting married to your widowed prof 2. You are having Jesus' twin brother in 9 months 3. You are moving back to THE U S OF A (keep em crossed... :) ) 4. You captured osama bin laden 5. You figured out a way to rid the world of the French Heather i sent you pictures to work your magic on.... this is going to be the website of the century. Maybe the MILLENIUM. betsy.. sorry i didnt go to your partay. I TOTALLY forgot.. honest. oh well> I will be willing to get drunk w/you anytime just let me know. ALSO- I am sending you ANOTHER INVITE.... FOLLOW THE EASY DIRECTIONS AND YOU WILL SOON BE A BLOGGIN' WIZ. -- i promise its not hard. NOW GET ON TOP OF IT BIATCH. angela...wtf! Get it together woman.. you havent posted since before xmas. BLOG like its your job.... NOW. ok i did my duties as "administrator" of this site..... now you all make me proud. Now i must go bang on my wall because my neighbors phone NEVER STOPS RINGING!!!!!!

 hey guys.....i told john he's lame for being jealous...lame is a great word.....i always use it. sue you sounded soooo bitter in your email..it was funny. by the way....GREAT JOB on going on a date. is the guy hot? or rich? or just good in bed (haha jk). betsy, i didn't see you the whole time i was in houston....what's up with that. oh, and how was england? wasn't it awesome. happy late b-day. how's your pink eye?....you should have called katie cuz she would have bought you a christmas present. she got me mullet magnets. shawna....you haven't written in here in a while. what's up with that. john...was cracking up about the dog being a 'seeing eye dog'. in fact....so was i. "let's put poop on the robot" - sponge bob square pants (i'm watching the marathon right now) this is a memorable day b/c our school is actually giving us a day off from class...there were riots a few years ago b/c all of the black people were mad that we had to go to school on mlk day. of course so were all the whites/indians/ and possibly asians but obviously cuz we just didn't want to have class. sue, what news are you gonna have in a week? i'm excited to hear. heather..i'm excited about the pictures going up. you can just take one from my pictures on image station and use it cuz my computer has a virus and i can't get anything off of it right now. that's hillarious about jeff's halloween. did you see the film afterwards? we really should get a video camera at your house again and go to 'the party' with johnny. haha. that was so funny. for those of you who don't know what i'm talking about....it's a whole other story and i'll let heather tell it. late dena

 Wow i just realized i haven't posted in two days which is CRAZY since i usually post at least TWICE a day. Anyway i have been busy. Lame Story # 1. Yesterday i had to wake up at 5:00 AM to work at the freakin Houston Marathon. I hate the marathon. Every year i have to get up at times that should never be seen by my eyes when its below zero outside and hold a plastic fence up for an hour and a half so people dont walk their dumb asses around the start line! And then they proceed to come up to me and ask crazy questions like: "Do you know where my friends might be meeting me ... they have my racing number" ... Um HI MY NAME IS SHAWNA im a VOLUNTEER (who never really volunteered) AND I DONT EVEN KNOW WHO THE HELL YOU ARE... why the f*** would i know where your friends are???? Lame Story #2. Lets seee... oh yeah my cell phone is a piece o shit. The screen went BLANK. i cannot see who calls ... who i am calling or see any of the numbers in my phone book.... so if you try calling me... sorry. I went to the sprint store today to see if i could get a new one so they said they will send me THE SAME phone model.... well then i asked if i could get store credit for the phone instead and buy a new one. Which they are LAME and said that i have to have the phone at least 18 months in order to get a new one... umm that is totally QUEER. So im stuck with my piece of shit since i have only had it 15 MONTHS! LAME. Lame Story #3. My coach and mike had a converstion about my scholarship situation.... app. my head coach LEROY BURELL is the person who chose to take away my scholarship... it was not the school's decision. He over-committed with scholarships so when he found out i was ineligible he jumped at the chance to take mine away... now i have been told that i will get it back next semester... but mike said that T (my coach) said that she cant promise i get it back because they are low are scholarship money. COMPLETE BULLSHIT. So i am extremely pissed off because i am the top runner for the girls distance and if i am eligible next semester and dont get a scholarship i have decided that i will transfer. I am dead serious too. Our head coach is a "sprint man" and he spends all the scholarship money on sprinters... and is slowly taking away all the distance money. So i told my coach if im off scholarship still after this semester i am leaving UH. I am not the type to get all bent out of shape about money but its about being "wanted" on the team... and as of right now i am not getting that vibe from any of the coaches... so that is LAME.... yall have any suggestions on schools ?? Haha... im soo hardcore. O and also my coach said "shawna doesnt have to worry about scholarship because she has a wealthy family" ..... ummm HELLO just because my dad has a decent amount of money doesnt mean he wants to spend it on that lame ass school... when she made that comment it threw me over the edge. anyway ive been on a rampage the past couple of days and i am gettin ready to go talk to my coach about this mess. its not gonna be pretty!!!!! Yall let me know if i am justified in my decision.. i feel like im being reasonable but im also pissed off so i could be thinking with my ass. I gotsta go.... HOLLA

 ok i'm still a little drunk and i'm too tired to go back a nd deltee ok we had a huge party last night and i dreank way too much and i started to early and i passed out early i am huge loser by the way i'm not useing punctuation eeeeither this is betsy by theway i couldn't figure out blogging tso fuck yuo! there was punctuation toodles

 kids, the rumors are true, very very true. i went on my first SOBER meeting/date with a boy. i think i should get massive props for this one. yes, sue french, queen of awkwardness around the opposite sex completed a whole date with a boy without alcohol--thats a lie, we went to a pub after the movie, but one beer is like drinking apple juice. so as celine dione would say, yes, i am in lurf (heather and angie--not to be confused with love or like, i am merely a smitten kitten) anywho, he went to University of Colorado so i assume that he is a slut bag--heather, is this an accurate assumption of a fraternity guy from there? on to bigger and better things-- i hate writing papers and, as i write one a week , i have decided that, frankly, its lame. you know what else is lame--boys being jealous. dena, john sucks, tell him to get over it. say, john, quit being lame and get over it. lame john, real lame. no, wait, i like john, but he is ACTING lame--now ive covered my ass...good work me. who thinks that we should ban betsy from reading the website until she writes something. i have even given the cunt rag MY password and MY id so she could type something. what is she thinking...that she and all her rice-ness are too cool to write on our blog--its lame man, real lame. i have class in 8 minutes and its on russia, india, and japan and it too is lame. lame is the new word. it is anything but. kids, i must go to my lame-o class for now, but, get excited--i am going to have big BIG news in a week--id say by saturday/sunday. and yes, its will not be lame. heather, angie, feel priviliged that you may get to hear the news. oh yeah, i got an A on a paper which is totally kick ass since the only give A to 1% of the people. take that lse nerds. miss you all, heather...i dont miss you , but have a good day :)

 Making t-shirts with iron on transfers is the BEST! Here's a funny story... So Jeff (my 24 year old brother) and his best friend Joe made these t-shirts for their Halloween costumes this year. Jeff has this really pimp digital camcorder, and the plan was to wear these t-shirts and go around to all the bars and house parties videoing the whole time. Well, here is what they put on the shirts: And they even made urlLink CONSENT FORMS! Pretty funny... and every girl thought they were really Girls Gone Wild film crew guys, and were all excited and into it and totally participated. haha! girls are dumb... **except the olsen twins, of course!** Anyway, Dena, I was reading your drunken blog this morning, and Daniel was over here so he wanted to read it too... and I was so glad that he did cause boys are dumb, too, when it comes to lame jealousy issues... they seriously make an issue out of absolutely nothing. They get all defensive and pull that if-another-guy-so-much-as-talks-to-my-girl-then-she's-messing-around-behind-my-back attitude!! WTF? So, yeah, I was glad daniel read it, cause now he knows i'm not the only girlfriend who has strictly platonic relationships with the opposite sex. all right, everyone send me your favorite pictures of yourselves cause i wanna make a fun banner to go at the top of this blog! my email is heathercapri@hotmail.com. Heather

 ok, when i typed that last email i was still a little drunk so forgive the fact that some of it didn't make sense and the sentences are kind of weird. get over it. dena

 hey peeps.... well, i just had a fun filled night. so i go to this random girl's apartment and drink a lot of sangria....after getting a little tipsy, we decide to go to the bars. so, trying to look cute...(even though it's frekin freezing) i leave my coat at her apartment which has all of my money, phone and keys in it. well, while at one of the bars....i walk by a table of guys eating some pizza smelling really good. so i look at all the guys and say "mmmmm....that pizza looks good" and they're like "oh are you hungry"....so i just said yeah, took a slice, and walked away. anyways, people were clapping for me after that. then i run into a girl from valparaiso (shawna you know meagan curtis) and i am under the impression that she's either bisexual or a lesbian. she kept checking out my friend that i went with (that's a girl), talking about how hot she is, and she kept touching my hair a lot. well, i was having enough of that so i found a bunch of my frat guy friends....they bought a bunch of pitchers of beer and we got pretty drunk off of that. well, the bar was closing and i lost my friends so i asked the frat guys if i could bum a ride that they're like yeah....but when i got to my apartment...i realized i was locked out bc all of my stuff was at that girl's apartment....so one of the guys was like...you can just stay at my apartment tonight. (well, earlier, i called john and he was drunk so was acting stupid and mad that i was partying with all the guys and went 'somewhere'). that's why he wasn't there to let me in. so i go to one of the guy's apartment and he gives me some boxers and a shirt to sleep in and i go to sleep. later he knocks on the door and is like....hey, john's coming over to pick you up. so i put my regular clothes on in the dark and go home with john. turns out he went to his frat and got all high with this guy, and bc he's all messed up he's all jealous. not to mention when i put my shirt on it's inside out and backwards....so of course it looks pretty bad. well, john starts freaking out cuz he thinks i did stuff with this guy (definately didn't do anything with the guy, and definately didn't want to do anything with the guy), and of course there's always drama with that kind of stuff. well, i still have to go get my coat/keys/money/phone so i gotta go. but that was my night. dena

 Hello alll. I am just bored therefore im posting. I have been playing with katies new dog, whose name is pudge. Its a chiuahuha, but A LOT cuter than normal chiuahua's and its FAT... sooo cute. It loves me because i have been taking care of it... katie has to a work a lot so im like its "godmother" i suppose? Yeah well either way it loves me! Angela knows she was here.... which brings me to my next story. Angela came over last night. Because of my crippled state we were unable to roam the clubs... so instead we just sat around and watched TV for awhile. Then at 2 am we decided to be crafty. We decided it was a GREAT time to go shopping at walmart. So since we were babysitting Pudge we put him in angie's purse and we were off to the store. Well im limping around and angie's tryin to keep Pudge in her purse so we dont get in trouble... (by the way the LESBO who CAME OUT that one night we were all going out... not only had me TIE HER HALTER TOP...she also thought i had a prosthetic leg..... hahaha.) Sorry that was off topic but i just thought of it. Ok anyway so we get the crafts we want and go check out.... and the lady is like "yall are getting in trouble for havin that dog in here... so i was like "its her Seeing-Eye dog!!" ... the lady didnt seem amused but i thought it was quite hilarious. Anyway as we are walking out the rent-a-cop stops us and tells us "in the future..leave your pets at home" ... I wanted to mention the seeing eye dog thing but i didnt think he would like that.... Instead i just said we were running "errunds" and couldnt leave it alone. Walmart people are gay. Anyway so then we proceed to make shirts with iron letters.... which by the way ANGELA put the Iron directly on the letter!!!! hahahaha ... lets just say her shirt has a "vintage" look. We also made our band t-shirts...It was a very productive night. OH yeah and Pudge decided to shit everywhere... not regular shit - RUNNY YELLOW SHIT. sooo gross. Well we watched a movie and sex and the city then fell asleep at 4:30. Mike was on the morning news for Modeling the houston marathon running gear and i got up to watch at 5 am... but he told me the WRONG channel so i ended up missing it. Oh well. Anyway, i just wanted to mention that i noticed CU was in the "REEFER" category in the princeton review... niiiiiiice heather! hahaha. Ok well its time for me to go to practice and bike my way to the NCAA's.... next year of course :\ ..... Soooo HOLLLLAAA.

 Haaha ok sorry for the LAME ass title but today was an alright day. not a GREAT day but "alright" meaning 100 times better than the past 2 weeks. Besides the fact that i collapsed in the shower yesterday because my knee decided to give up on me im doin quite alright. B/c of my wimpy knee i was forced to ride the bike.... which i though "Ha bike?!?! Easy". Well i was WRONG. holy shit... 45 minutes on the bike is HARD. I was going an average of 65 RPM's did 10 and a half miles and burned 221 calories..... if thats good i dont know but thats what the machine told me i did. Anyway so now i have a soar but very BOOTYLICIOUS ass... so if anyone wants to grab it go for it. I wont be mad. Before i worked out the trainer at UH decided to give me some wierd "electromagnetic" anti-inflammatory therapy thing on my knee. Anyway she hooked up some wires and my knee was BURNING... i had to leave it on for 10 minutes and when she took it off I HAD WELTS AND A BURN ON MY LEG.... i asked if it was supposed to do that and she looked at it (with a shocked face) and says " uuuh yeah... of course". So that was reassuring... then the other trainer goes "what the hell happened to your knee!?" ...so now i have welts on my knee which i am a little scared of. So my roommate kelly got a Yorky puppy a couple weeks ago which is VERY CUTE..... but now my other roommate katie is getting a puppy chiuahua.... and so now i feel the need to get a dog. Im not going to because i have NO money, so i suggested they breed their yorky and chiuahua and give me the puppies. Sounds like a plan to me. It will be a Yor-Chi ..... and i will name it bob. Sorry kind of a random story but im kind of just typing my thoughts....sooo get over it. Heather i thoroughly enjoyed the Ping Pong Matrix... that is actually the 3rd and 4th times i have seen it. Some other NERD showed it to me awhile ago but it was nice to see it back in the rotation!!! thanks. Sue thanks for the economic help..... my life has changed! haha... or not so much...anyway my coach is writing a letter to the people about not taking away my scholarship because she knows im not one of those pot heads who deserves to get their money taken away like other people on the team... (those were her exact words...) She also said.... "Talk to all your profs about getting your grades changed..just tell em you fucked up and say you need help" .... i love my coach. ok well shower time and then its friends... so hollla!

 HOLLA.....i just have to say that rpw is defff. right about og bread and cereal being the food of life....i could easily live off those too.....esp cereal.....(lucky charms, cinnamon toast crunch, capn crunch....whoa, the list never ends). people who don't like cereal are CRAZY....no offense....jk, lol, stay sweet. cankles are calves that turn into ankles (there is no destinction btwn the two anatomical regions)....someone who isn't exactly in the best shape will have them (usually someone significantly overweight). as for excuses on girls...that's pretty funny..haha...but yeah, prob. a little harsh...unless the girl is an idiot and actually beleived you gave up dating for lent. honestly i don't know what excuses guys use here.....i think they just don't call back or something...i don't know....guys don't seem to be too picky here cuz it seems like we're the ones who have to make excuses around here to get rid of them...you know what i'm talking about heather? for those of you wondering what i'm talking about: i'm responding to rpw's blog.........b/c rpw actually writes. jk, lol, stay sweet. HAPPY B-DAY HEATHER!!!!!!! what are you doing today? hopefully having fun? remember when i was sick when i was 7 and had to stay w/ the g-folk up in evergreen so i got to go to your b-day that year? and i was gonna get you a puppy but your dad said "NO". we played laser tag.....good times. well, hopefully this year's b-day is as good as that year! alright, well, i'm going on a run now...so i'll talk to you all later. dena ps: when's our next visit to new orleans? we should do it w/ fat katie b/c her car is frekin HUGE and she could drive us all.....you know she wants to.

 HOLLA all! i just got back from....NOT the OG...but a place called scotty's...they have some great cheesburgers (esp. the LUCY BURGER..MMMMM) and brews......aka: BLUE MOON. i have to say that is prob. my fav. beer besides the typical light stuff...and of course if you consider hornsby's beer....those are THE BEST! rpw..i do have a bunch of labatts in my fridge right now....i see you are a fan of that. canada eh? well, tonight's one of those nights where i'm just getting a movie (airplane...it's a classic) and chillin' in my apt. i'm trying to slow down on the drinking for a while cuz honestly...it's not helping the workouts. speaking of workouts....heather...how was tammy? betsy....it's not my business but i don't care if marissa joins....i've never met her before have i? did your brother get married yet? remember his party w/ the rollerskates and people kept yelling at us outside cuz we were loud...and the random american eagle smoker guy on the bike.....weird. alright, i'll talk to you people lata.......have fun tonight...but not too much fun:) dena ps: rpw....yes, girls gone wild is pretty trashy and slutty....do they get paid at least for being on there......cuz then they're just stupid for flashing on there if they don't get paid.

 HOLLA....nice blog rpw.....i had to throw in the girls gone wild comment just to mess w/ ya--we all know how fond you are of that. but seriously.....i just had the BEST track workout ever....we're talking VERY SORE BUTT AND HAMSTRINGS. whew...it was a good one. going to the OG tonight!!!! can't wait for those breadsticks and salad...possibly a few drinks. shawna, daren might be in houston sometime soon on tour.....did i already mention that? well, if he's there during spring break, we gotta go see him! (sue betsy angela, you can all come too...he'll hook us up w/ backstage passes and all that fun stuff). it was so fun when i got to see him and the eels in louisville! big black boots..long brown hair...........(sorry i'm singing) well, it's beautiful outside (FINALLY) so i'm gonna go play catch...yes, catch....we're talking gloves and a baseball. woo hoo..c.an't wait. talk to you all later, dena

 HOLLA hey guys I have a proposition, and don't be afraid to be honest with me. I was wondering if Marisa could join our t-shirt company. I'm only asking this because we both were already talking about starting one for a long time...she's really creative and funny and smart and she always has really good ideas. I haven't even mentioned the company to her yet...the thought just popped into my head. Let me know what you think!

 I have been the ULTIMATE blogging slacker... oh wait thats ANGELA... but i have been slacking... this is because of my extreme studious behavior i have encountered this semester. If im not at class IM STUDYING. I have turned into..... someone who studies a lot. Yeah. Well i took a Hotel Restuarant Mgmt. Test this morning and I am pretty confident that i got a 100! If not a 98...either way it means the same thing. A+ ! Yay for me. Im smart. Yesterday i had to do this "Virtual Alcohol 101 CD-ROM" thing at the Rec Center.... I had to write a paper for my health class. First off...the "college students" were named Rodrigo, Yuan, Maria and Wesley.... this is the most diverse campus EVER. One white student named Jennifer (of course) ! Haha..... not to say thats bad just unrealistic. Anyway they all went to these parties and i had to choose whether they accepted a drink or turned it away. OF COURSE i accepted it! DUH... even when i was soo drunk that i couldnt walk i took more... i figured i might as well enjoy my virtual drunkeness. So then my "roomate" tries to pressure me into taking a shot.... (of course im supposed to say "Sorry, too many calories im trying to lose weight" -which was one of the "10 ways to say no" LOL!) but i took the shot.... slammed it down! Oh yeah. Then i got to the "virtual bar" it was great.... i got to choose which alcoholic beverage i wanted and then put my weight in. So then you pick your drink and it asks if you want to "sip" "drink" or "slam" ..... i SLAMMED EVERY ONE! I got completely drunk in like 20 minutes... it said that with the ammount I drank i should be passed out and vomitting... haha. I think my BAC was at .498 or something. Anyway so I enjoyed my virtual alcohol poisoning.... great experience...too bad all it did was make me want a "Sex on the Beach" nice try though! Stupid "educational" things like that DONT WORK. So i still dont know when my surgery is.... the doctors assistant hasn't called back yet which is pissing me off because we have left like 30 messages!!! Im tired of waiting... just cut out my plica and let me run damnit! Yesterday the McDonalds Drive Thru employee was totally hitting on me... she was like "Nice rose... (i have one in my car)" "Did you get it for valentines" I said no... and then she was like "Awww.. no boyfriend or anything to give you presents?" I was like YES I DO HAVE ONE..... i made it very clear. She then proceeded to talk to me about britney spears how cute my car was and how pretty my eyes were..... ewwww. All i wanted was my cheeseburger! Anyway yeah i still wanna do the tshirt thing ijust have been busy and havent gotten on top of it. I will do it though. I promise. Betsy i need Photoshop, Quark, Illustrator, Flash but for MACINTOSH. So if you can ask him that would be WONDERFUL. HAPPY BIRTHDAY HEATHER! You are now officially at the age that has no purpose.... 23.... nothing special occurs for the next 7 years.... which really isn't special.. more depressing.. the big 3-0 .... but then again at 25 you CAN RENT CARS... thats big! Yeah anyway Happy Birthday and now you are the same age as MIKE. Wow i feel like im dating r.kelly... its only 4 years difference tho not 15! Dena, Sue, Angela, RPW : shoutout. www.rpwcan.blogspot.com HOLLA

 HOLLA today I discovered something...Rory is a funny name. Try it! Say it seven times out loud. Ok spring break is almost here and I'm so BURNED OUT from soccer that if I see a soccer ball in Cancun, I will short circuit. I'm serious I'll just fucking snap! Ok I'm at work right now and I noticed that when I pump up balls they smell like period. Strange. I wonder if RPW wants to have cyber sex. Hey boy! I'm so pleased that people want cankles shirts. I've been doing my research pubies and I got an email from my friend's brother who sells t-shirts from like $4-$7 a piece...he said something about making us a deal...I'll send yall the email when I get the chance. Happy birthday Heather! I also got Ricky's sn so I'm gonna ask him about that program...what is it Shawna?? Oh yeah Shawna your friend did come into Soccer4All the other day...he seemed like a nice young chap. I'm going to Austin for a hell on earth soccer filled day and then I'm off to Cancun bitches! Out.

 HOLLA all, we should copyright some of our shirt ideas so nobody tries to copy us. actually i just looked online and our stuff is not a copyright, it's a TRADEMARK, so: Hottees & Co.  "I Have Cankles"  DISCLAIMER: this trademark is for the sole purpose of Hottees & Co.  t-shirt business, any other use of this name will be asked to Cease and Desist, and violators will subsequently be taken to court if they fail to follow these requests. ok, so i just wanted to make some things official. well, you all get the point so trademark your ideas.....if we want the  we actually have to apply and pay for it....so i'm happy w/ the . on another note.....CONGRATULATIONS SUE on showering/shaving/ being clean. very impressive. i wish i had your will. haha...actually i am pretty dirty right now. speaking of dirty...we should all go on GIRLS GONE WILD!!! i hear that's the classy thing to do:) remember when those three lovely girls we used to know back in highschool went on there and did the whole "triple kiss" thing.....we should try a quadruple or pent...(ummm...don't know the suffix for that) kiss. ok, so you know i'm just trying to tease you all with my charm and class....sorry, i don't really think i'm up for that...you know...it might lead to ORAL which OF COURSE would lead to CANCER! haha. everything causes cancer these days. alright, well, you all better post some good stuff b/c i'm gonna need some good reading in about 2 hours.....GET ON IT! dena

 HOLLA! real short. i have class in t-2 minutes. my hair looks really good today because i hadnt washed it for a week and i finally decided that today is the day. and i shaved. whoa. i was going to get some action tonight (hence the sanitary actions) but i think im too tired...maybe ive got mono----or im just bored. out

 HOLLA.....yup....that sex scene in the lion king was a good one. haha. but how about in the little mermaid when the preacher has a boner during the wedding ceremony...or when alladin tells good teenagers to take off their clothes? what about the huge penis embedded in the castle on the picture on the box of the little mermaid? yes....those disney folks are way into sex...they might as well make a disney version of sex in the city. now that would be interesting. right now i'm watching dirty dancing and it's at 1 out of 2 of the best parts....i think heather will agree. it's the part where they're in johnny's room and are dancing/have sex/ and of course you can see his butt if you pause it or put it in slow motion. (the 2nd best part is the end when they're all dancing and the two old women drop off their little shawls, get together and start dancing)...haha. hey, do you guys LOVE fritos bean dip? well, I DO. hey, maybe a fritos person will read this and send me a year's supply of frito's bean dip....that would be GRRRRREAT...you know like if oprah mentions a product she gets a crapload of it for free. oh, my friend kristin said she knows TONS of guys who would buy the "i have cankles" shirt. so, SOMEBODY find a place where we're gonna make them. (ie: shawna, betsy...since you're both in h-town right now). well, i guess that's all i have for the night........talk to Y'ALL manana dena

 HOLLA

 HOLLA! First things first: Everyone loves it when the entire world knows when their birthday is, including me, but I didn't wanna be one of THOSE girls who's like, "It's a month before my birthday" and then "Only 2 more weeks till my birthday!" and then "10 more days, everyone..." "Guess what happens in exactly one week from today??" and then "OH MY GOSH, my last 5 days of being YOUNG! AHHHH" and "Holy shit, my birthday is almost here ALREADY?? 2 more days, ya'll..." and finally, "Wow, my birthday is TOMORROW!! Yikes!! That TOTALLY SNUCK UP ON ME!! I'm not READY to be older... WHY ME???" and then "Yay for me!! It's MY BIRTHDAY TODAY!! It's gonna be the best day ever! Thanks for remembering, everyone!!! You guys are THE BEST!!" So, thankfully, I didn't have to do this, because Dena was two days early with my birthday wishes, which was perfect timing, cause now I get to tell you all when my birthday is (February 28th) AND I get to start the official countdown (TWO MORE DAYS... This SATURDAY!) without sounding like a stuck up self-centered bi-atch!! It's a win-win situation for me! THANKS, DENA! You're THE BEST!! haha! So yes, I'm almost 23, and I already can't wait to turn 24!! I just wanna skip over 23; does that sound weird to you guys?? I don't really have any birthday plans, and all my friends and family keep pestering me about it, "What are we gonna do for your bday??" they ask... I'm just not into it this year. Maybe my spirits will change in the next day or so. On the upside, I'm getting my hair cut/colored on Saturday!! So that'll be exciting. My friend Rachel works at a pimp salon, so she's totally gonna hook me up as her birthday gift to me!! Yay! National Cuddle Day. That's funny. Okay, I don't know why that made me think of stuffed animals, but it did, and that reminded me of this website that my friend andrew told me about. It's all about "Plushies" as in stuffed animals, and "Plushophiles" as in people who molest/have sex with stuffed animals... gross. haha! Lemme find the website... ...okay, urlLink here it is !! happy cuddling, girls! haha! Time for TAMMY!! (Muscles class... yay!) Heather P.S. Lions ARE sexy... especially plush lions! I remember getting turned on when post-pubescent Symba and Nala were gettin' on in the Lion King! haha!

 HOLLA i just wanted to make a quick correction to my last blog........HAPPY B-DAY HEATHER in two days!!!!!!!!!! thanks for clearing that up....this blog cannot have falst information on it. haha. do you know what movie the title is from? i'll give you all a hint...it invovles lions. dena ps: speaking of lions....shawna, remember when jill used to have a thing for lions...haha that was so weird.....and how mom took a pic of lions having sex in kenya? weird.....what a perv. haha

 HOLLA HAPPY B-DAY HEATHER!!!!! (is it today or tomorrow?--i'm getting my dates mixed up) well, either way....HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY....I'M SO HAPPY TODAY!!!! ( the clown at the b-day party, liar liar). alright....REALLY gotta go dena ps: HI RPW

 HOLLA all! today is a holiday so be sure to get plenty drunk and party it up....yes, that's right...it's national cuddle day.......according to egreetings.com. well, i just thought you all should know! heather....i'm definately up for stopping by in boulder...i am guessing the fam will go in july though. but if you did come to H-town, we would have some crazy fun! we're talking jello and mud wrestling...haha...jk...well, i guess we could make it happen! haha. def. go to some strip clubs and get shawna a lap dance. betsy you can show shawna how to do it....you're the STRIP CLUB PRO!! about the marajuana spray, i could prob. find a way to mix in another oil to make it smell better.....we're so hitting up that buisness....it would do great in bloomington too....this is the biggest hippie town ever--i swear every time i get on the bus...this girl comes on w/ really long pit hair. i'm sorry but i just think that is nasty. i'm so excited...extreme makeover is on tonight.....such a great show....tonight's the finale of last week's episode....DON'T MISS IT! alright, i gotta go...... dena ps: HI RPW!

 Woo-hoo!! we've hit the big time, ya'll!! Just when we thought it was hopeless, good ole "R. P. Dubb-ya" pulls through for us! A true fan! We will forever be in debt to you, Regan... P.S. Girls - if you have no clue what this post is about, then you're a total loser who's a blog-aholic who puts blogging before all else... including CHECKING YOUR EMAIL!! So go check your email...

 very interesting study on the oral sex/cancer stuff... i like how they used the pc terms "cunnilingus" and "fellatio"... haha! But i guess "new study shows that munchin' beav and suckin' cock" might be a little out of line... Seriously, shawna, what's with the HUGE XXXL promotional t-shirts?? It's like, they want it to be one size fits all or something, so they guarantee it to fit the HUGEST person in the world, and then make everyone else deal... I hate it. If they wanna be cheap, they may as well get all XXSMALLs cause that way they're using less fabric, but... whatever. Sue, I need the quick low-down on Mardi Gras/Ash Wednesday/Palm Sunday/Good Friday/Lent, etc... I was in class today and so many people had smudges on their foreheads, and so i quickly remembered that it was ash wednesday, and then i got to thinking about all of the Catholic holidays... It goes something like, they save all of the Palms from Palm Sunday before easter, then almost a year later they burn them and put the ashes on your forehead... why, i don't know. and then Mardis Gras is fat tuesday, which is when everyone becomes a glutton and indulges excessively in all their favorite things, because it'll be their last chance before they give it all up for the 40 days leading to easter during Lent, right? and what about good friday? now, i'm not catholic, so i'm sure i have some of this wrong, so i thought you could clear things up for me! okay, next topic: the Passion movie. I don't know if I wanna see it anymore. My mom saw a prescreening on Monday, and she said it was so violent and disturbing... I read Roger Ebert's review of it today, and he said it was by far the most violent movie he has EVER SEEN!!! yeah. and he's seen a lot of movies! he said that it's 126 minutes long, and out of those AT LEAST 100 minutes are of Jesus' killing... yikes! Well, the movie is supposed to be only of the last 12 hours of Jesus' life, which were pretty brutalizing, so i guess that's what i should expect... anyway, i'll probably still go see it. my mom's like, "well, if you do go see it, make sure that once Pontious Pilate says, 'okay, go have him flogged,' that's a good time to get some popcorn and linger in the video arcade for half an hour or so, cause you won't miss much..." haha! Dena, marijuana perfume would SO SELL in boulder! haha! but then everyone would be walking around smelling like SKUNK. gross. but cool. Oh, and shawna and i decided that if ya'll aren't already coming to colorado soon, that you two could drive up here for a visit, but shawna's not allowed to drive for obvious reasons. haha! either that, or i could come down there. either way, i was jealous after seeing all the crazy fun you guys had in Arizona, so she promised me a good time this summer... chalk full of synchronized swimming at midnight and totem-pole dancing!! alright, i'm using my brother's laptop right now, and the battery is dying, so i'm gonna publish this before i lose it all... ciao ciao!

 HOLLA...so i happened to stumble on this article this morning...good morning sue, heres another way to catch cancer. http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/nm/20040225/hl_nm/health_oralsex_dc_1 you must click on that and at least read the first two or three paragraphs before you go. its really more of a health advisory than anything else. the part thats really disturbing is that they cant decide whether or not its oral sex or drinking and smoking that has the cancer causing agents. MY THEORY: its the oral sex. drinking and smoking leads to oral sex and oral sex leads to cancer. besides, according to the "sweetest thing" men dont really enjoy oral sex, it was just a nasty rumor that was started in the 50s. what can WE do about this ( i am becoming more altruistic by the day, jeeeez). PUT AN END TO ORAL SEX! its obviously not the drinking thats causing cancer. shawna, youre with me on this one (betsy, i dont even know what you want to think...). band together girls, you can stop help cancer. ok, i wasnt gonna run because its freezing but i feel fat so im off for a little run. laters back from my run and YES it was freeeezing (the wind chill is 20) yet i still managed to sweat. i should get a prize--the well-done-you-can-sweat-in-any-weather-and-will-always-have-to-wear-deoderant-slash-anti-perspirant-wherever-you-go award PEOPLE!BLOG! i feel like we're growing apart...BLOG DAMMIT

 i dont think we will EVER be recognized for our blogging talents. Who knows maybe we will one day be discovered AND become the most famous bloggers to ever blog. today i was parking at school and i was listening to "I Believe in a Thing Called Love" by the Darkness... you know the song that goes " I BELIEVE IN A THING CALLED LOOOOOOOOVE " .... haha ok that didnt describe it at all.... they sound like Queen. Anyway so as im parking the cool guitar solo comes on and this guy walking by my car starts doing the air guitar... i thought it was just a coincidence that he was doing it the same time as the song but then i got out of the car and he was singing the words too!! But the strange thing is i didnt have my stereo up really loud.... so im a little freaked out... plus WHO WALKS AROUND PLAYING THE AIR GUITAR?! LOL. yesterday one of the baseball players walked up to me and said "i wanna say thanks to coming to our game friday.... i really appreciate it" and then walked off. 1. This is completely random 2. How did he know i was there? baseball game = 2500 fans 3. Wierd. anyway so i just thought that was odd because i dont even really know him....and yeah people are strange. The C-USA indoor meet is this weekend... it is taking place at UH like usual since we are the only school with a friggin indoor track.... this sucks for the reason that I HAVE TO WORK at it..... uggh! I get a free tshirt but i bet anything it will fit me like a poncho. I hate Poncho fitting shirts. umm im gonna do some studying... i got a mid-term next week which is gonna kick my ass if i dont study hard... its next friday and miss studious 2004 started studying yesterday! thank you thank you. im off to see the wizard. HOLLA

 whenever i go to blogger.com i always look to the left of the screen and hope to see that our blog has been either one of the most recent updated blogs or a blog to look out. sadly, it has never been. even when i publish and then rush back to the login page, were still not on there. perhaps one day...maybe, one day. well that was uncalled for and rather boring but what are you gonna do? i want to see soo many movies but none of them are out here. i really really really want to see miracle and i really want to see the anti-semetic film about Jesus. besides, its lent, i think i should get to watch movies about God. so take that world. id fight about it but i dont understand what there is to fight about. its history. thats like saying a movie about the holocaust and WWII might show people with not quite kosher attitudes towards jews. haha. im funny--i said kosher. school is hard. yup. i think its safe to say that everywhere school is hard. and i hate when people complain about it (all the americans do about LSE)...because NO SHIT its hard, its supposed to be. if it was easy they wouldnt make you qualify to get in, or it wouldnt be such a big thing to go to school. our generation is a bunch of slackers. i am thouroughly disillusioned. bah! ok, i have to read about indians (dots not feathers). did you know that matt damon is two years older than ben affleck. is it just me or is ben getting worse looking as he gets older? all very important issues. back to my ever so boring weekday life...the weeks half over...happy hump day!

 HOLLA shawna, mike said he does NOT want the camera..it's true. ummm muscle relaxers are pretty nice...very RELAXING. who woulda thunk? man, i'm PALE. gotta go tanning but don't want to pay cuz it's a rip off here in B-town....it's only $20 in H-town for a whole month....here it's, $35 specials for 20 tans....LAME. wow, i actually have nothing to say either.... so i'll write more later.

 so because dena enjoys my morning blog i thought that i would do another one this morning. however, i have NO time. why??? because i woke up 630, like normal to go on my AM run...ran for an hour and bit, came back, thought "hmmmmmmmm...i bet i could sleep for just a little more" and didnt wake up until 1130! shiiiit. luckily i dont have class or anything today but still WHERE HAS MY DAY GONE?!?! I wanted to get alot of work done today and finish my paper so its going to take some major discipline. for this reason i must stop the blog now. i must go, become smart, and learn. i look forward to blogging later. as for now, i will be studious sue. hey shawna, you feel high because you are taking drugs, they are supposed to make you feel like that. generally muscle relaxers just make you sleep--thats why i slept for a week after getting my molars out. AND for all you catholics out there--HAPPY LENT...its not actually supposed to be happy but whatever. i gave up candy. eeeeeeeeeek

 real quick cause i'm dead tired... haven't slept in two days... senior capstone is sucking my life out... finally could breathe again today, but felt sorry for neglected boyfriend... so instead of blogging, i devoted what was left of my feeble and delicate energy to said boyfriend... "dicks before chicks?" you ask?? Yes. For today. But tomorrow, I promise it'll be different. "we only human girl, we make mistakes... to make it up i do whatever it take... i luv ya like a fat kid love cake..." (50cent) Holla

 hi. I am on muscle relaxers which means SHAWNA IS HIGH. I dont know why but they really make me act weird.... whatever... i never smoke weed so i guess i have to get high some way. the muscle relaxers do not take away the pain.. they make me tired and high. But i need help sleeping since im an insomniac so i figured i would take em anyway. Anyway so since the accident I have pretty much done.... well nothing. My back hurts like crazy so I skipped art tonight... i figured standing up and drawing for three hours was not a good idea. And i cant handle listening to LUC explain how to draw a hallway for an hour.... when they called this class FUNDAMENTALS they were serious! I realized that i have nothing interesting to say..... this sucks horribly because i hate blogging when i have nothing to say but then if i dont BLOG I feel like a piece of my life is missing. LOL GF! Its true though. Heather and I both decided that Blogging is way cool. Cooler than cold grass. I just saw on the news some lady who stabbed her husband 200 times but claims she "had good reason".... im sure ya did ya psycho!! This is what she is telling the judge.... i wonder if she'll get out of that one?!?! People are so stupid.... stop killing your husbands/kids/boyfriends/mcdonalds employees.... YOU WONT WIN! ok i tried to blog but im in pain and need to lay down. SORRY. BUt i promise i will come up with some good blogging acceptable material for yall. P.S did yall get my web-postcard.... once again that music is HOT! P.S.S dena i dont know if i wanna sell my camera because ....well i dont know... i told mike i would give it to him but i dont know if he wants it. Ill let you know P.S.S.S suzanne good job on getting rid of your euro-smell. P.S.S.S.S betsy where are you. are you alive. P.S.S.S.S.S heather party with the psychos this summer !! i am going. HOLLA

 hey, i don't think i mentioned this earlier...but i thought it was interesting. well, in ENGLAND (go sue!)...they have made a spray out of marijuana that will be used for medicinal purposes.......yes...you just spray it into your mouth... well, the interesting thing about it is i know how to do that....i just did it these past two weeks in chem lab w/ a clove plant. so, if you ever want some marajuana spray....give me the plant, and i'll prepare it for you! haha. (well, for those of you intersted in trying it w/out having to smoke it's always an option). ok, now that i sound like i'm a pot head....i'll end this. but i can also make perfume in the same way i would make this spray...so hey....!

 HOLLA sue...thanks for the morning blog....i appreciate it. shawna, hope your knee isn't hurt too bad.....did you already have your surgery...if not, when is it? also, i still have a buyer for your digi cam (the old one) so if you don't want it, please let me know ASAP. i would need it here before spring break starts. betsy, how are you? how's soccer, etc. going? i'll see you in a few weeks. heather the funny thing about the movie pi is that.....if you go to that pessimistic guy's website (you know the website sue put a link to on here)....one of his recommended movies is pi. hopefully you'll get to watch better movies......get BUM FIGHTS.....that should be good. gotta go to lab.....lata

 i am writing because i would feel wretched if you jokers had to wake up another morning and not have your morning blog. far be it from me to deprive you of the one thing that makes your life worth living...the blogspot. holla! shawna! nooooooooooooo. stop getting in car accidents. that sucks. i hope you feel better and your knee doesnt die...if it does happen to die, you can SUE SUE SUE (teehee, thats my name three times) the shit out of him for ruining your running career. it is an asset you know. did you end up getting a ticket or anything? i hope not, i hope they nailed that SOB for everything. for real mang. for real. it sucks that you had a bad day too. just think, its probably worse if you were living barefoot in a glass house and were throwing rocks...or something like that. no, itd be worse if you had to eat worms and dirt. yes, that would be worse. or placenta. thats pretty gross too. sooooooo on out website for tshirts (well done dena on the wholesale site) , how are we going to diplay the shirts/designs/etc? do we mass produce. where are we going to screen print? how much does that cost? whats the minimum number of shirts that you have to screen print at a time? i have lots more questions and some answers but ill wait til i hear some definites before i tell you what i think my arm pits itch. that reminds me, for a while when i was here this summer i was noticing that i smelled REAL bad and i couldnt figure out why--i was showering everyday (yah! i know, odd) and wearing deoderant but i still smelled like a euro. turns out that the deo that i was using wasnt that at all. it was only anti-perspirant and TRUST ME, no anti perspirant in the world can stop me from sweating. so there i was, a sweaty mess, smelling like a foot everywhere i went. no wonder no one talked to me. luckilly i have that whole mess figured out. people dont have to steer clear because of my pits...now, its the shoes--im used to that, its always been the shoes. late

 You know how they say most car accidents occurr within one mile of your home. Well its true... about an hour ago some faggot smashed into my car at an intersection.... i love my life. How many times will shawna get in a car accident!?? At least its not my fault. My car isnt totaled this time but does have a nice big dent on the side... oh yeah did i mention that i spun around and was about 1/2 a centimeter from smashing into a light post? Yeah that happened. Oh and the guy told the cop I HIT HIM.... because app. you can drive your car sideways these days. WHO KNEW. im in a bad mood and smashed my already hurt knee into the dashboard and now it hurts worse...and i have 2 tests to study for and a paper to write. LIFE SUCKS. P.S i only wore the trucker hat because i was making fun of the girls who always wear them..... it was me being a bitch! & it didnt belong to me.... and some guy called me avril lavign in it so i was very happy to take it off. P.S.S the mardi gras beads.... dont know why i was wearing em i think some guy gave em to me.... free beads are ok with me. I would never flash anyone for em. Especially not the people there. P.S.S.S we should make boob shirts in our tshirt business.... they can say "i am wearing a boob shirt" and it will have animated cleavage. Ok thats all now i must go and not get in any more accidents. Stupid Drivers suck. HOLLA

 my (social) commentary on shanababas pictures 1. i loooooove how drunk you are--the one where youre leaning on anglea gave it away. sober people just arent that happy 2. people! 1. i, not ashton kutcher, started the trucker hat phenom ( i sported it as part of my mechanic costume and then to numerous white trash bashes--i am white trash (well my neighbors were) so there was nothing wrong with that). 2. i did it as a joke and because i look cute in hats 3. stop with the trucker hat thing already! youre all a bunch of trust fund babies, stop trying to look like white trash, youre not! 3. i dont think naked boy needed a sock quite that big. nice try though 4.stephen moreno still needs to cut his hair. take a hint stephen...your brothers hot, he has short hair...youre related to your brother, you share the same genes, you do the math 5. shawna , take off the hat!(although you do look cute...get a real hat!) 6. it pisses me off that all the girls seem to be wearing look at my boobies shirts and i havent seen a guy in anything but a t-shirt--not even a collared shirt. write about that in your clit class. this is my theory...we make guys buy us dinner because in the long run, clothes and shoes and purses that we (most demonstrably shown in pics of shawnas party) use to "impress" boys are probably equal to the money they spend on girls. so a little money for dinner before guys get any is just away of balancing the check book--not prostitution at all. 7. one mardi gras bead? betsy, youre with my on this one... 8. i cant concentrate on my paper...damn the blog

 NEVER SEE "NORTHFORK"... OMG it was sooooooo lame!! It didn't make sense, you couldn't follow it, and the scenery sucked so you didn't even wanna watch it for that reason... it's one of THOSE movies, where you suffer through the entire thing cause "it's gotta all come together in the end..." BUT IT NEVER DOES. Yeah. Way to pick 'em, daniel! haha! (Except he actually apologized for this one, which is rare for him, so you KNOW it was awful!) Sue, i like a nice comfy pair of sneakers as much as the next girl, but remember: it's FASHION NOT FUNCTION in this world we live in, sweetheart... so pony up, strut your stuff, and quit your bitchin'!! LOL LUV YA GIRL TTYL STAY SWEET! dena, sorry to hear about your chicken episode... but way to pet the dog that bit ya! you showed that chicken whazzuuup! and i'm with you on the lameness of the Passion controversy... people, have ya READ the Gospels?? It's all there, and it's been there for 2000 years! Just because the Gospels aren't being sugar-coated as a pleasant story with (as one pastor put it) a "Mr. Rogers-mystical Jesus," doesn't mean that the story is all of a sudden new and anti-Semitic... wake up, world! REVISION: Shawna, your blogs are always so great, that i've semi-changed my mind about novel-blogging... Girls, if your stories are pimp and keep us wantin' more, BLOG AS LONG AS YOU WANT... just no lame-tongue novel-blogs, okay??! All in favor?? AYYYYEEE. shawna, you have great "friend-hook-up" techniques! my personal favorite is the classic, yet seldom implemented, shove-your-friend-into-thier-crush technique! haha! funny stuff... and i liked the random hug in the hallway part, too... lol! well, it's that time again... off i go to work on my senior capstone project in the second basement #2 of the engineering dungeon... if the power were ever to go out and we were trapped down there, there would be no hope since cell phone reception is less than zero down there... and it's so depressing with no windows or anything... wish me luck.

 HELLO. Its been YEARS since i have been on here... maybe not... but its been a couple days which is YEARS in blog time. I had a wonderful wonderful weekend!!! SOO Much to say but apparantley im not allowed to write anymore NOVELS.... so ill try to keep it short n sweet... (even though i like reading long blogs its makes it more meaningful... haha) friday: First off I was talking to one of our baseball players friday about the game and brad cherry walked by. I thought this was a good time to introduce myself because i have become shawna the super baller who isnt afraid to meet new people :) ! So i walk up to him and im like... "hey you went to klein right" He said yes and then i told him i did too and asked if he new my slutty sister dena. He was like ooh yah that slut i remember her. Just kidding but after a little bit of thinking he remembered you. So i told him i was your little sister and he then told me his name was brad (i was like I KNOW... duh) and i of course had to tell him my name because he had no frickin clue who i was... but he was very nice and shook my hand. What a sweet boy sue you should date him. Anyway i thought i would mention my encounter with the fellow klein grad. Later that night i went and played halo and i won THREE GAMES.... this is BIG NEWS! IF you dont know what halo is then just know that i am a haas. saturday: Mike and i walked around the village because it was the best weather ever... 80 DEGREES MY FRIENDS! We shopped and ate lunch at the best deli on the face of the earth. Its call Kahn's... i recommend anyone to eat there. Then i stood in line at victoria secret for about 5 hours to buy 3 pairs of underwear.... the sad thing is there was only one person in front of me... the sales lady was RETARDED and didnt know how to check people out so i just threw the underwear down and stormed out.... i was trying to make a statement. haha. Later that day..... Me my friends bo janay and cynthia left on our road trip for good ole college station. Last time i went it was awesome this time it was 10 times better !!! SOO MUCH FUN! We went to some party where there were a bunch a girls who didnt know how to dance so my lady friends showed them all up.... i of course was restrained to doing the "Lisa Sprain" because of my knee... i still balled it up though... haha. Actually i spent most of my night hooking my friends up with random people. I of course began drinking as soon as i stepped into angies apartment, if you are going to have fun... you gotta go all out. SO I DID. I was pretty much drunk before we left for the party... (it was like 9:30... haha). Bo liked this one guy so as he was walking by i pushed her into him which started a conversation... i am such a good hooker upper..... Then i forced angela to make out with "house boy" as she referred to him as... dont know why but thats all remember is the name "house boy" ... then i run into ...drum roll please..... stephen moreno! haha Yeah he didnt know me but i knew him... and once again had to mention my slutty sister. So i ended up talking to him the whole night just because ... i dont know. But i did. Anyway he told me about how his band (glass intrepid) fell apart and blah blah blah. THEN i ran into SHANE BEANE... hahahhahah dena remember!?! Yeah he was there and i informed him that i was dating mike so i hooked him up with my friend cynthia. Man did i tell you i am good at hooking people up? Yeah well i am. It was lots of fun. Oh yeah i forgot to mention there was a naked guy running around in a sock and of course i got a picture with him. I will post it on my webshots.... its funny. We ended up leaving the party to go back to angies dorm then off to another... but i got to the dorm and just went and saw my friend... to say hi.. And We talked a little and by the time i got back my other friends had abandoned me to go to their party. which was fine because it was 3:30 am and i was tired..... but then i was just stuck at angies dorm alone. And because i was out of it i for some reason thought that i wasnt allowed in her room even though it was unlocked so i stood out there for like 15 minutes all confused... Then this guy walks by and is like "you look scared... do you need a hug?" i was like... um i guess. SO he hugged me then i went in her room and passed out.....and woke up at 9am ALONE. they never came home!!! hahaha ! Anyway there are a lot more funny details but it was just altogether a grand ole time! Oh yeah and when i was driving home i pulled out of a parking lot and ran over this invisible median.... it was hilarious because we all thought i hit a person... i was like OH SHIT. My car has no damage thank god. But when i got back i did notice my dual exhaust was missing.... so either it fell off or someone in college station yanked it!! Jerk offs! Anyway thats all for CS. Bets my friend jason said he talked to you at soccer4all or whatever its called.... funny. I saw miracle yesterday.. kinda cheesy but still inspiring. anyway i gotta write a paper now. sorry if my story was jumbled and confusing but there is a good chance im still drunk. So ill speak with yall later HOLLA

 as normal, i should be writing a paper, so...again, this is gonna be a short blog, as in REAL short but hey, at least im blogging. im confused, are they koalas or not? they look like koalas, what the hell else would they be? so, really that statement should be the be-all and the end-all of the koala question: if sue thinks theyre koalas, they are. soooo saturday was DATE NIGHT ( i love the new sue) and i went out with charlie and we went to the most posh most great place for dinner and it turns into a club...and it was super classy and was great. needless to say, he managed to get me drunk and we stayed and danced until 2p and THEN i finally got to go see his house. which was amazing. it was a four or five story in south kensington. holy balls! lame tongue was on the couch when we walked in. would have been awkward but lame tongue was really drunk and i dont think he recgnised me. oh well, i LOLed about the whole situation. anyway, im no slut. just thought id throw that out there--i was on period. haha, well done me. oh and by the way, i am WEIRD. i cant, for the life of me sleep past 8 am...(which isnt a good thing when your not sleeping by yourself). every damn day, even when i get in at 3 or 4...i think thats lame on my part...and it really chaps my ass because im always really really tired come monday--its monday and im tired but now i have to write the dreaded paper on japan. betsy, you rule. A&M sucks...im not even going to justify that because anglea never blogs anyway--A&M sucks and RICE IS WAY BETTER AT EVERYTHING. except for raising cows, A&M has that one in the bag...fight farmers fight (harhar) shawna! blog! hey, mel gibson said he wouldnt change the passion because its true and its not jews that he made look bad, its romans and since their empire expired some 700 or 800 years ago, its ok to put them in a bad light. out

 HOLLA...heather.....i thought they were koala bears at first too...they look like it the way they're holding on to the tree...and i would know....I LIVED IN AUSTRALIA!! (jk--but not jk about living in australia...obviously) i want to see that movie too...it looks good...but there's already a big controversy about it...LAME. the jewish people are mad b/c it portrays them in a bad way......so what, the director is just supposed to change the story around to make everyone happy and have a fake story about the bible......they don't have to watch the movie.....and how many people go to church and have at least heard a few bible stories.......countless.....so watching a movie prob. won't change their ideas anyways......if the jewish people are SO CONCERNED about this being a bad thing...why don't they make their OWN movie about the torah...how many people will want to see that....should we all start complaining about their movie because we don't like the way the story goes.....seriously people.....GET A LIFE. sorry....i'm just getting annoyed about all the jewish people thinking they can run the world (sue you know what i'm talking about......they're taking over IU and tulane) alright, time to go dena ps: those chicken nuggets last night were to die for (tyson frozen chicken nuggets) so if i do die from this chicken virus....i will be happy b/c they were SOOOOO good!

 thought for the day (until i blog) women arent bitter because of men...its because their feet hurt damn pointy toes high heels...

 You can blame it on the rain, 'cause the rain don't mind! (ahhhh, haven't heard any Milli Vanilli for a loooong time!) Dena, good work on the t-shirt research. So, what's our budget gonna be, girls? Sue, since you're the much talked about econ genius, I vote you to be in charge of this... and where's that blog you promised me earlier today?? You're a SLACKER. You remind me of your father when he went here; he was a SLACKER too... (Back to the Future!) So, i saw the previews for The Passion of the Christ, and WHOA! I don't know what my deal was, but the previews alone had me in tears! How am I ever gonna be able to read the subscripts if my eyes are all watery and blurry? I don't know if it was the music, or what, but it seriously grabbed me by the gut... now i'm really excited to go see it. but first, i have to go now to see some movie that daniel just rented for us... That means the movie is probably gonna be really weird and twisted... I don't know if ya'll have seen "Pi" before, but daniel made me watch that movie a million times... I hope this one's not like that one! I'll let you know... ciao!

 HOLLA...apparently this url thing doesn't work so here is the 2nd site i was talking about: http://www.shirtwholesaler.com/ladies_6.htm#1001

 HOLLA...here is another site w/ more shirt options....like smaller fit shirts for girls.

 HOLLA....here is a website selling t-shirts....they're not vintage but there are a LOT of colors and there are a lot of other items like hats.....etc as well, so we could eventually expand if we wanted..... just to let you all know.

 HOLLA...just wanted to see what's happening in this good old blog. .....apparently NOT TOO MUCH. well, to all of your surprise i'm making chicken nuggets for dinner...yes....even though i might have the chicken virus i'm still gonna eat chicken...i'm just crazy like that...haha. so i haven't heard any new news about t-shirts....has anyone found quality/cheap shirts to use?? i'm gonna search online right now.....maybe that'll get the ball rolling. i'll post again if i find anything..... PEACE!

 HOLLA.....so i think i have the chicken virus.....that's all the link is to...a website that talks about what it is....it's really not that interesting of a website..but i thought it was relevant. anyways, so i've been sick for the past 3 days w/ flu like symptoms and a very clogged and sore throat.....yeah.....basic symptoms of the chicken virus....oddly enough.....i did eat some chicken the night before i started feeling really sick. watching happy gilmore right now.....yup....good stuff...but i've slept through most of it...oops. shawna, is your digital camera up for sale....cuz i have a buyer for you if you want to sell it....just let me know. woo hoo...this is the best part of the movie....when he puts the ball on all the metal crap........ok, i really have NOTHING to say cuz i've been sitting here trying to think of stuff to say........... later ps: i have TETRIS now!!

 HOLLA Ok so let's face it, I've had a pretty lousy (I like the word lousy) couple of weeks. Valentine's Day sucked. I sprained my ankle and I've been having problems with my SI joint (lower back-ish). My team has been having awful practices. And most of all, I am missing Mardi Gras. Sue knows how I feel. But then again, maybe she doesn't b/c it means a lot more to me then just going out and getting shitfaced...it's been a big family tradition and I've gone almost every year since I've been really little. Then this Saturday we had to wake up at 5am and go to hell on earth aka College Station to play a bunch of games. Ok I think I've set the stage...with me feeling down and all, I figured something good has got to happen sooner or later...you know karma and shit. Well, we played A&M 11v11 (full field game) and we beat them 1-0!! For those of you who don't know (most of you), A&M has one of the best soccer teams in the nation. Not to mention, I played with a bunch of the girls on the team when I was younger and it was nice to knock them the fuck off their high horse! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Hold on gotta work...man people suck. Anyway, so yeah it was one of the best moments of my life without a doubt. Gig em. On a sadder note, my frog, Nelson, passed away. Rest in peace buddy. Out.

 ahhhh... that's more like it! thanks for keepin' it real, sue! and way to shake it like a polaroid pic-tchah last night! haha! i've never actually seen bridget jones diary... should i? dena, i forgot to comment on your dream... sounds prosthetic! i mean, prophetic!! maybe you'll have a 3some soon. let's hope she's hotter than she was in your dream. or maybe the pathetic, I mean, prophetic part of the dream is that it doesn't matter what the person looks like... if they're interested, you'll hook up with anything that has a pulse! LOL LMAO TTYL SISTA CALL ME WE'LL HANG OUT!! Shawna, I'm curious to know what the job description in the paper said that made kelly and katie wanna go apply!! $160 for a handjob?? That seems a little steep to me. I mean, just across the border in good ol' mejico, i hear it's only $10 for a BLOW job (US Dollars, of course)... And what? if they only put down $150, that still doesn't make the handjob cut?? that's silly! so, i got a nasty email from this chick who bought one of my Hermes ties off eBay... the tie has these little bears on it climbing trees, and i thought they were koala bears, but i guess they're not... anyway, she's like, "These are NOT koalas... blah blah blah... i'm mad... blah blah blah..." So urlLink check out the auction ... even if the description DID call them koala bears, you have a huge frickin' CLEAR ASS picture to show you what they really are. did you not even LOOK at the pictures??? hellooo?? anyway, i told her to send it back to me, and i hope she does cause i know i could get a hell a lot more than $50 for it anyway... people are so dumb. So I went to the CU rec center last night with Jeff (my brother) to work out, and we get there, and all he wants to do is play foosball! so the nice sister i am, i play a quick game with him, and then he's like, "hey, let's play again!!" and i'm like, "Jeff! I'm gonna go WORK OUT." And he's like, "Okay... i'm gonna stay here and play by myself and practice my passing..." I'm like, okaaaaaaay... So I go for a quick run, do some lunges, go ride the bike for half an hour, etc, and i walk back to the foosball table and jeff is STILL playing by himself! haha! so i go work out some more, and then i finally saw him in the weightroom working out his legs, but the second he saw me, he's like, "Alright, you ready to go??" haha! man, he is one pathetic LOSER! haha! (Okay, in his defense, he is like the foosball king... he's even ranked nationally or some crazy shit! it's up on some foosball website, i'll ask him what the link is...) aight, i don't wanna be a hypocrite, so i'm cuttin' this off now. gonna go get me an Orange an' a shhNIKKah...

 i am tiiiiiiiiiired. i just woke up and what do i do...i blog. yeah, thats right, thats commitment. i think im still drunk though because i have no attention span. in fact, i am distracted. wow, it took me three minutes to write this sentence. i am hungry. no food. need food. i am about to go on a run to look for an apartment for next year. very exciting. hopefully, i find the greatest biggest apartment ever and its really cheap and they want me to live there asap, it might not happen, but im keeping my hopes up. also, i am going to the market. (the one from bridget jones diary) to get food. OOH! problem solved--the food problem. ok, im tired and since were not allowed to super blog anymore, i will do. oh yeah, FRIDAY NIGHT SUMMARY; went to clud, we were the only white people there...black men love me and commented on how well i shake my ass, made it an early night because iz be gottin a date tonight. woohoo. later losers

 so, long time no blog, i know. reason for this: I've had the most productive week ever!! I've been go go go and lovin' it! Not that i didn't have time for ya'll, but, well, i didn't... LOL TTYL STAY SWEET SISTAS!! Real quick... Poll issues: is janet's boob offensive? yes. Should we legalize prostitution? no. okay, so i really just wanted to say opposite of what everyone else has been saying. but honestly, i don't care about janet's boob... But prostitution is gross and dirty... but even more, it's a PATHETIC EASY WAY OUT of life... Come on, if you're broke and need money, GET A JOB. how hard is it to get a job??? work at the frickin' gap, or bag groceries, or sell shit on eBay, or something!! Don't be so frickin' lazy!! THAT REALLY CHAPS MY ASS!! (haha shawna) Plus, have a little respect for yourself! I know i wouldn't want to fall in love with me and marry me and sleep with me if i knew i had been around the block more times than the number of viewers exposed to janets nasty boob at the halftime show!! So in conclusion, Pony Up, girls, get a real job, and show yourself a little R-E-S-P-E-C-T... So, i've noticed a trend that the longer we wait between our own respective blogs, the longer and longer they get!! and i personally don't like the supa long long long ones, 'cause it seems like there's too much catching up to do all at once. So i'm boycotting long blogs and encourage ya'll to do the same. Let's raise the standards here and blog frequently so that we aren't forced to write a novel each time we post... Dena's got the right idea -- she'll post twice in the SAME HOUR if she has to! Anything to prevent that novel from forming!! (now, i realize i'm just as guilty of long-blogging as everyone else, and please know that novel-blogging is waaaaayyyy better than no-blogging, but you guys see what i'm sayin' here...) Having said that, more to come SOON! ...and, i'm spent.

 HOLLA so i totally lied about the group atmosphere....it's howie day that you want.....just to let you know. my belly button ring fell out cuz it unscrewed so now i no longer have a boring bar...i have some ROCKS! of course they're fake...but it is CUTE! today i'm REALLY sick.....flu/sore throat.....blahh....not feeling good. i was gonna go to the hairbangers ball tonight (all 80's) but i don't think that's gonna happen anymore. i was all excited for some def leppard (pour some sugar on me!!). and i was gonna pull some of heather's awesome dance moves that guys like to come and "just watch" while she dances. oh heather.....so i think your dream rubbed off on me...b/c i had a strange dream last night......i was running away from some cops or something and i was opening all these doors to little hotel rooms where i could hide...well there weren't any empty ones so i went in this one room where some girl was sitting on the bed. well, she basically wanted to have a threesome w/ me....she wasn't cute though...well, she was a butterface. anyways, for some reason i was like....yeah, i want a threesome, and then i woke up. well i'm gonna go lay down cuz i feel like CRAAAAAAAAP. laters ps: check out that website...we should get those tapes to watch!

 HOLLA.....it's those damn mail people...i put so much effort into making your cd shawna......and WHERE ARE MINE??????? i'll bring you another one for spring break if i come home.....it depends on if dad buys me a plane ticket or not.....all i know is if i stay here i'm gonna be all alone....and VERY BORED. i'll have to go to the bars every night w/ the townies. san antnoio would be fun....i thought gina was in spain?.?.?. intersting. oh yeah, about my header.....i've been sitting here and i keep smelling stale beer...well, every time i put my legs up.....i smell it again....so i decided to call it vagina beer. (sorry to gross anyone out). but now you know what vagina beer is. shawna, you should download Atmosphere "Trying to Find a Balance"...it sounds like U2 a lot so i bet mike would like it. since we all know how much mike likes u2. i can't beleive they just told kelly and katie that stuff right up front....that's sick..think of all the old dirty balls they'd have to handle.......ugh. NASTY. ewwww......and they eat the girls out.....that is crazy. alright, i'm out.

 ahoy matey or mateeees i should say. Im bored. And very uninteresting yet i will try and make this blog as exciting and jaw dropping as possible. Even if it causes me to lie. YOU WILL NEVER KNOW.... hahahahaha. Ok i wont lie and if i do i will tell you that im lying. Im sitting here in the computer lab as usual with a huge bag of ice wrapped around my knee. ITS AS COLD AS CANADA! My leg is turning purple... probably not a good sign. oH WELL. So i got home from health class this morning to find my sliding doors in my bedroom open. Mike says he did not open them which only leaves one explanation: A GHOST lives in my room. Ok maybe the 3 people that live at my apartment could have done it but i still think its a ghost... why would my roommates open my sliding doors??? A ghost has much more reason to do so .... even though ghosts can go through walls... DAMNIT nevermind. Maybe it was a robber who decided that i had nothing of value to steal. HMMMM. i guess we will never know! Yesterday i called katie (my roommate) to ask her something and when she answered the phone she was cracking up. So i asked what was up and she proceeded to tell me the following: Her and my other roommate Kelly went to get a job interview at this place they found in the Daily Cougar (which is my school newspaper). Well they show up to this place which looks like a fancy shmancy Spa Place where people would go to get massages and manicures and such. WELL they go in for the interview and they begin listening to the job description, they notice playboys laying on the table which they find odd.... The lady explains that the men come in and that they have to give them massages.... and then she says "and if they lay out more than $160.00 then you have to jack them off!" .... and she also explains that you have to do this naked! Katie and kelly were just like... uhhhhhh ok. And katie felt bad for the lady and didnt want to make her feel like a whore so she just acted like she was interested. The lady also said that if the men want to eat you out that if you dont mind it is ok. HAHAHAHAHHAA I have never heard of this type of corporation before..... !!!! Isnt that funny as hell... there is actually a place in houston where women are paid to give men HAND JOBS! hahahha. Oh man now i offer katie and kelly 160 dollars every once in awhile to make fun of them. OH man that is hilarious. (P.s this is a true story) Guess what. Me my friends janay BO and Cynthia are going to College station this weekend to visit miss angie pangie the great. How fun. Despite the fact that she is blogging slacker of the century she is still my favorite ho-bag. Yay. It will be mucho fun and i will take many pictures with my new digi cam! Oh yeah i got a new digital camera... it is the size of an audio cassette tape... i got a good deal on EBAY. So i had to get it. Ebay is way to addictive so i have banned myself from the site until i have money, which is probably when i SHOULD ban myself. I signed up for this company where they pay you to take surveys and what not where you can make 200 to 400 dollars a week. Well there was a ONE TIME fee of 29 bucks... so i was like ok thats fair. Well i paid but then my internet f-ed up and shut off and i never got to the page where you get your password. SO i emailed the lady and told her that i want my money back. SHe was like... you cant get your money back its NON REFUNDABLE... so i wrote a very nasty email back saying that she can either give me my money back or give me a membership... and i included a few cus words... i was pretty steamed. But now i realized that she might not give me either... damn. i became one of those people who reads peoples computer screens... Hey if they can do it so can i. So the guy behind me is looking at the site "facethejury.com" which is where you meet people on the internet. Well he has like 10 girls pictures up and he is looking at their profiles. Haha... do people actually think the internet is the best place to meet someone??? COME ON... you have a better chance of finding love in a gay bar (if you arent gay of course) or a STRAIGHT bar (if you arent straight) YOU GET MY DRIFT. OH man that really chaps my ass. LOL It doesnt really bother me that much but i have always wanted to say "that really chaps my ass". IT feels good to say. SAY IT. ITs fun. I still have 1 HOUR AND 30 MINUTES till i have to start walking to class.. OMG that really chaps my ass. Oh fun, its fits in everywhere! A BOY NAMED SUE (OR COURTNEY?) There was a boy named courtney yes thats right i said boy he said hi to me in the hall but i thought he was playing me like a toy I knew nothing of this man his face, his voice, his name yet i said hi back to be nice at least that was the plan Shawna, you dont know my name he cried with disbelief I replied with a chuckling no and stood there melting in shame im courntey, you know your football friend we talked inside the weight room Oh yeah i thought with joy The guy who didnt let my workout end! that was my poem about my akward confrontation with a boy named courtney WHO was the same guy i wrote about in my poem about my workout a couple weeks ago... oh man he is famous! he is all over this blog and doesnt even know it! UMMM anyway i really cant think of anything else interesting. I had to think really long and hard about stuff that happened that MIGHT Be slightly interesting..... sue.... your blogs have decreased in content heavily since you became a heartbreaker.... what are you putting Dicks before chicks now!??!? huh, huh? Yeah thats what i thought. Betsy: Shoutout. Sorry bout your luck. (fat ankle/funny hip) Heather where ya at ? I feel like i havent talked to you in YEARS. Man blogging is way too addictive its like if i dont get my blog hit of the day im bummed. ITS A DRUG... Hi my name is shawna and im a blog-aholic. Dena are you and John coming to spring for spring break? I am going to visit jill, B, Gina and Pat in san antone for like a day or so. And mike and i might also get that room in galveston. Oh yeah the coldplay cd you sent me.... it was all f-ed up.... the backing was peeling off so it wont play. Can you send me another one por favor? and this time DO IT RIGHT. hahahhaha gone because THAT REALLY CHAPS MY ASS :) HOLLA

 HOLLA.....SOMETIMES.....sometimes i'm scared of you.....but all i really want.... ok, for some reason i've had brittney spears songs in my head ALLL frekin day. don't ask why. watching a makeover story right now.....i need a makeover..or at least a HAIRCUT...we're talking major split ends....i want an extreme makeover cuz they give you free boobs! ....yes i know shawna and sue are against boobs....but i'm not...in fact i like them....therefor i wouldn't mind having them....of course not too obviously big....just big enough to feel comfortable. well, then i can go sing at a half time show and pop one out and people will freak out. about to make pasta roni.....mmmmmmmmm. this stuff is the best!! well, nothing exciting is going on, so sorry..i have nothing good to write. sue, i got the appletini mix that you had at your house....except the only vodka i have right now is citrus so it just doesn't mesh well....oh well. out

 i have class in a sec so i only have one thing to day (maybe two) i think that the real travesty in this whole janet mess is that one little mistake has managed to give the whole jackson family a bad name. :) betsy, screw you and your anti-masidonism--im gonna have a child, name it madison and make you its godmother. learn to love it.

 HOLLA I could be watching Real World right now but no! I am blogging. You're welcome. Well Shawna I'm glad you liked my profile...it's so true. Stop wanting to name your kid Madison!! It is stupid. It's not so much the name Madison more than the idea of everyone wanting to name their future child something unique. What these assholes don't realize is that if everyone names their kids something supposedly "unique," it's no longer unique. It in fact becomes stupid. People are stupid. Moving on... Yeah I'm talking about Ricky Stillwell. Do you know his screen name? As for the survey, I'm all for Janet's tit. I agree with Sue. Shut up Janet you obviously fucking planned it...stand up for yourself. The real idiots in this whole situation are the people who got offended. And why? Because they are the dumbfucks who fell for the publicity stunt. If you were honestly offended by it, fine that's your prerogative. But if you want to make a statement about being offended, leave it alone. She did for attention in the first place and that's exactly what they're giving her. What's so annoying is that we have men and women dying for our country right now...in fact there are horrendous circumstances occurring all over the world, and people are bitching and moaning about stupid shit like a breast and whether Bush evaded the Coast Guard or not. Who cares. Prostitution? Yeah legalize it. Why are we wasting money and energy trying to arrest women who have innovative ways of making money? But seriously, it's not like these women are horrible people. Most of them are probably single mothers who are fucked b/c the fathers of their children won't pay child support and their shit minimun wage jobs aren't going to cut it. It's not like they want to be protistutes...they're trying to survive. And if you're willing to pay money for sex, then do it. It's your money and it's your body. Ok I'm tired of writing. Oh yeah I went to the chiropractor today and my entire body got popped. It was neat.

 Im in the computer lab and the most horrendous thing happened to me just now so I have to post about it! I was walking through the hallway which leads to the computer lab and this man is in front of me whose face is like bright red... like he is holding something in. Well i finally get to where he was and the most HORRID smell overtook the hallway....and i saw him run through the bathroom doors.. it definitley smelt like he crapped his pants. Anyway it was bad enough to where i almost vomited and i just thought i would share that with yall.. i hate when people leave fart trails..... yuck. Anyway that is really all i had to say ... Nothing interesting has happened since i last posted. Sue good job on your observation i actually agree with you for once. hooray. Gone like Janet's Career HOLLA

 as per the discussion on breasts: i find that the janet jackson boob thing has been taken too far. i think, first and foremost, janet insulted everyones intelligence by trying to say that it was not planned. hey janet, if it wasnt planned why the hell were you wearing a nipple shield. and furthermore, if you are going to expose yourself on public television dont be a pussy about it, show the whole damn thing. if i were a parent it would be a lot harder to explain why this lady had needles through her mammary gland than to cover their eyes or say oops, i cant believe that happened....on to the real issue, the breast. i respect the fact that CBS is all bent out of shape that a booob was shown. fine. but I felt more uncomfortable seeing the football cheerleader jump around doing splits in white spandex bras that clearly are see through and reveal everything. and we see that everytime they return from commercial. also, there has been talk that mtv is to blame because they had that song playing and everyone was dancing provactivley--i blame society. im sure it was the same mothers that were watching the game with their kids that are the mothers and go out an buy the justified or stripped cd. you idiots. if you dont want your kids exposed to sex at a young age, stop buying them cds and calendars and magazines...believe it or not, kids dont make income and are completely dependent on their parents. morons. as for the breast itself; i will take a feminist view and i will take a conservative view. i think women as a whole should be proud of janet. if guys can walk aroung with their shirts off--im thinking every tv show EVER has had some sort of beach scene--then what, other than a little extra fat makes it any different. women should encourage the showing of breast, especially ugly breasts. the more ugly breasts that are seen (the better and better my little hot ones will look) the more the man rules world will have an idea of what real women look like. CONSERVATIVE: sure, with the values that america believes that it is trying to instill in its youth today (and the fact that america believes that its not suffering from a deep moral depravity is sad in itself) was uncalled for. however, its done, and should be left at that. its too late to fix it. it was unneccesary and had the potential to offend a lot of people. maybe next time, cbs/mtv will pick a little less provactive, a little more TEXAN (c'mon it htown--they should have had beyonce or a country singer) preformer that isnt out to make a come back by proving that sex sells. no shit sex sells...which brings me to my next subject... prostitution. i realize that i am little long winded when it comes to these things but i hope i am getting my point across. this one is fairly simple. i think we should legalise prostitution and drugs. there is the potential that the US GDP could rise nearly 30% (thats almost a trillion dollars people...well not that much but ALOT). not only would legalization make money for the government via taxation but it could also be regualted. drugs and sluts alike--mandatory std test and quality assurance. (insert sarcastic tone here--->)its sad that a bunch of rich kids have to die in plano every year because the coke that they were snorting was cut with rat poision--this stuff SHOULD be regualted. despite my lack of sympathy for crack addicts and people who cant get laid, i think, yes, they should at least have a chance with out the stigma of also being a criminal and hell, why dont we try and make a little money off these losers while we're at it. i see the future for lots of drug companies...plus if drugs fund terrorists and terrorists are a problem, it seems like a pretty easy way to cut out the middle man. well, holy shit, that was long and pedantic, but it need to be said. i have plenty more where that came from but for now i am biting my tongue. well actaully, im not...but i did burn my tongue on my soup and it hurts like hell. well i had a productive day and got my papers done, woohoo, but now i feel sick and its 8 so ill probably go to bed. oh yes, my valentines day...well i had asked charlie when we were really drunkif he wanted to go to the play that me and my friend liza and her friend ( a guy) from out of town were going to see (this was on friday). he had said that he had plans (which i fully expected) and then after i had got on the bus, he called my cell and said NO! he wanted to go to the play and that hed cancel his plans. good on, charlie, good on. so we met up for the play (it was called DINNER and was the darkest comedy that ive ever seen, i really liked it but the ending kind of sucked--she dies--haha, i ruined it for everyone). anyway, then we all went to a chinese buffet which was the shit because you know i LOVE buffets and CHINEESE people. well, i like their food. THEN we went to a club which was super cool but i think that we were some of the only 30 white people there--needless to say i didnt notice as i was making out the entire time. and we danced all night again. best dancer ever. i love it. so lots of kissy kissy kissy kissy and then its time to go--it was like 2 and i had been up ealry and run 11 miles that day so i was sort of tired--i think i was really tired as i fell asleep on the bus--so then he walked me to my bus which didnt come for ages and pulled the old you can stay in my guest room...i didnt think that would work out quite as i would have planned (you know the part where i actually DO sleep in the guest room)so i declined and we madeout until the bus came. we were those people. i kept laughing becuase i hate those people. ahhaah, take that those people. i can be you too. harharhar. so we like charlie because hes super cool, dances and is a little PUNK-Y. i love punk people. theyre sooo cool. hes a punky banker. ha! but as my flat has already decided, ill probably fall out of lurf with this one within the week. we'll see. i neeed to go home with him so i can see lame tongue though, because, frankly i thrive on other peoples being awkward. it makes me feel powerful. is that weird. is it weird that i have delusions of taking over the world too?? in a corporate sense of course, i would never try to do it politically or militarily--its really just not feasible these days--its all about the benjamins (thanks diddy) ok, as you are all bored out of your mind reading my atrociously long blog, i will let you go. i will comment on everyone elses blogs tomorrow. laaaaaaaate

 HOLLA......boobs are def. not offensive...i was all about janet's bood.....seriously...that is what made the half time good.....if i'm gonna watch a half time...i wanna a see a boob. legalized prostitution sounds good too....i don't really have thoughts about it either way but it seems like then we wouldn't have to put so many people in jail for stupid things since they're always complaining about how there isnt' enough room in jail/prison anymore (sorry, i'm not pc about jail/prison, they're both the same to me) here is a lovely poem for the day entitled: "IT Wrote This" Only six inches, and the length is far greater than the width, much more white than black, yet this phenomenal object rules with black. it tells the white and everyone else who wants to listen what it is thinking? how it is feeling? it will even agree on a transaction for you. Amazing! it's tattoo on its body gives understanding and meaning to its life. it is remarkable that it can be put away for a while, and then pulled out again for use, as if it were the first time. depending on your friendliness toward it, it could last a long time. one cannot argue its value for it is pricless. it wrote this. Andrew Karasnow (2/18/04) well, i was just printing out my paper when i noticed a bunch of poems sitting on the printer and i saw "six inches" so this one just caught my attention. well, it's some guy's poem for a class about his weiner. thought i should at least share it w/ you all.

 almost everyone has plica but its completely useless and only sometimes does it bother people. I am one of those people therefore i am getting it cut out. So SBC calls my apt today and asks for my roommate who is not here. (she handles the bills) ... Well the lady says: We are cutting off your phone services if she has questions call SBC" then hangs up.... so there is a slight possibility that i might not only not have a phone but no internet as well! I cant live without the internet .... and i have a CLASS online! If my roommate didnt pay the bills that means she pocketed my money... hmmmm i might have to regulate. Im watching True Hollywood on Demi Moore. She is old..... and doesnt need to be dating ashton... she was 24 in 87! She was babysitting ashton then. That would be funny if they found out that she DID indeed babysit ashton... haha. I got THREE A'S in art again. Luc loves me. A Count: 7 B Count: 2 I hate to bring this up but since it has been thrown in my face every day since it happened i have to talk about it. Janet Jackson's boob. First off... this is being called a SCANDAL, it is NOT scandal.... it was a 2 second mardi gras on network tv. WHO CARES.... its not like boobs have never been seen before..... In sociology and women's studies we talk about how our society freaks out when they see a boob... but the question we need to ask ourselves is "why are boobs so wrong to show off?" What makes flashing a boob on TV immoral? I think people (women... some men) who have boobs should be able to show them off whenever they want. THAT IS MY OPIONION. It pisses me off that people find this offensive, to me that says the offended either A)is a flat chested woman or B) Is a man who cant get any . People need to get over it. Also i discussed prostitution today... whether or not it should be legalized... i say YES! It would open up so many doors for people (sluts) and it would make the women and men involved in it more safe.... The Prostitutes in Las Vegas live in nice houses and are all tested for STD's.... think of how much the STD rate would go down, also the govt. could tax it and then make more money... i say YES TO LEGALIZED WHORE HOUSES. P.S - Porn is prostitution ...(multiple people getting paid to do it) So why is THAT legal? HMMMM something to think about. Poll of the day: 1) Is janet jackson's boob offensive? 2) Should we legalize prostitution? TELL ME YOUR THOUGHTS! Betsy i love your profile... you are so right about madison, world peace and the use of cutie in screen names.... I was tempted to fully copy your profile and put it in mine but i didnt have enough room. Well done on amusing me. Oh yeah is this ricky kid Ricky Stillwell? A kid that went to klein and is a year younger than me.... i know he is a computer wiz. WELL LADIES i must take a shower... i havent done so since FRIDAY! NO JOKE... im dirty. Im not afraid to admit it... i would go longer w/o the shower but i am starting to smell myself... well once you start being able to smell YOURSELF that means you stink. Yall BLOG. im getting discouraged by the lack of blogging lately.... is this blog just a fad to yall... becuase to me its more than that... its a lifestyle. LOL GIRLS jk but seriously BLOG. "gone like elvis and his mom" - this is a song its called GONE by Switchfoot... HOLLA

 HOLLA ya'll....so i'm at the library and just trying to type a paper (except for right this minute since i'm talking to you guys! but anyways, i'm just minding my business when i start hearing a low rumbling noise.....at first i just ignore it, but then it keeps getting louder....i'm sitting there thinking waht is that annoying noise. i look around to see what's going on, and it's the guy next to me talking to himself non-stop. i'm not kidding...he's just like rainman....all mumbling to himself, and then he looks around the room and notices me giving him a look of annoyance, and then continues to mumble.....ahhhh.....how annoying. well, he keeps trying to read this so on to better things. --i noticed too taht people are always trying ot read what i'm writing about on here....STALKERS!!!! oh, shawna, nice description of a plica....but i am still wondering something.....is this just something some people have (b/c they don't develop fully), or is this something that everyone has that just happens to get overused if you're a runner and that's why runners always have knee problems? ahhhh...ok, this rainman is REALLY BOTHERING ME NOW. for that reason i will continue this blog later. late

 HOLLA, man, i am soooo tired.....i don't know why....this whole week i have had HUGE problems trying to wake up....today i almost didn't make it to my morning classes...luckily somehow i forced myself to get out of bed. it is one NIPPLY morning though....that might have something to do with it. heather, your class sounds great! especially tammy.....did you check out the ass on her....."(she) must work out" haha. (d&d) wow, i really have nothing good to say....i'm just to tired to type so i'm gonna go take a nap. out

 HOLLA ya'll... just got back from pouring salt down the slides at the park with daniel... jk! you're awesome, shawna! I really just got back from working out, and MAN did that feel good! I've been such a slacker lately! I take this class on Tuesdays and Thursdays called "Muscles" and it is AWESOME! It's kinda like weightlifting while doing aerobics, if that makes sense. And, I'm secretly in lipstick-lesbian-love with my instructor Tammy! She's so frickin' good... plus, she reminds me of sarah jessica parker, so that's DOUBLE bonus right there! There was actually a girl who used to take the class and her husband made her STOP GOING because all she ever talked about was Tammy! Not even joking. How does McDonald's run out of egg mcmuffins??? Shawna, i'll see what i can do about hookin' you up with some software, too... Although Ricky sounds promising... (I smell some Pirates in the air.... ARRRGH!!) Except I wouldn't have a way of testing the files for install since i don't have a mac, but we'll see what happens. Hey, if you want, I can see how much I can fetch for your plica on eBay! just a thought. Well, off to lab...

 Plica Syndrome Plica (pronounced PLI-KAH) syndrome occurs when plicae (bands of remnant synovial tissue) are irritated by overuse or injury. Synovial plicae are remnants of tissue pouches found in the early stages of fetal development. As the fetus develops, these pouches normally combine to form one large synovial cavity. If this process is incomplete, plicae remain as four folds or bands of synovial tissue within the knee. Injury, chronic overuse, or inflammatory conditions are associated with development of this syndrome. ps i spelled PLICA wrong ... its not plika its PLICA. HOLLA

 HOLLA Alright I'll stop being a slacker...ok Shawna I was thinking about what you said regarding to the super expensive software. I remember getting Microsoft office which was worth like $500 for free from this kid named Ricky. I'm trying to get in contact with him to see what I can do but it might take a while. Yeah I had an awful Valentine's Day. Well it was kinda nice considering I got like 12 hours of sleep, but it was boring. And painful...I sprained my ankle. But the swelling's starting to go down which is good. But I played horrible over the weekend...in fact our whole team played horrible and I'm still kinda down about that. Nothing else is really going on...oh yeah my hip is out of place. It's not that painful, but I know that it's going to cause a million and five overcompensation injuries if I don't fix it now, so I'm going to a chiropractor tomorrow to pop it back into place. Should be fun! Today is my roommate, Raffi's, 21st birthday. Also, I'm hosting a recruit, so she's randomly going to go out to Raffi's birthday dinner with us. And I get to skip nudey drawing tonight hooray! Ok I gotta go get treatment on my ankle. Out.

 HOLLA guys, sue,that is true.....i am proud of you (and so is alfred kinsey...you know what i'm talking about) about being determined to be good at IT! shawna, what is a plika exactly and what exactly happened to make you either get one, or for yours to get messed up? i know i'm the one doing pre-med so you're thinking i should know this...but my pre-med consists of physics, chemistry, and then other random classes.....needless to say--i have never taken anatomy, nor do i b/c they assume undergrads will have to learn it in med school, so why bother in undergrad. well, for that reason, i know absolutely nothing about things i prob. should. alright, i really can't write more cuz i have lab now til 5:00 (yes, 4 hour chem lab....yippee)....so i'll fill you in on all the gossip later. shawna, your v-day cracked me up...haha....you guys are strange but funny.

 even though im not as bad as some of you (anglea, where the hell are you...and betsy?? hallo??) i want to make an apology for lax ways with the blogging--i have been working like mad and ive been getting sick and im lazy...please forgive me. hopefully, i get these two papers done by tomorrow evening in which case i promise i will write you a VERY interesting blog...lets just say that i have plans tonight that have to do with me watching a porn as research...if im gonna do this sex thing, im gonna be good at it dammit. apparently porns are over-stylized--i knew this much, but i am still using it as a means to get the mechanics down...ive had several graphs and diagrams drawn for me by my pervy flatmates in order to assist in my new undertaking to be a sexpot. moral of the story girls, if you going to so something (someone), do it well. adieu

 HELLO... If im the the LAST & FIRST person to post that is not a good thing...I go to bed early and usually wake up late.... someone needs to post or something! My class is cancelled that is the only reason that i am posting now anyway.... but come one i know at least ONE of you has some interesting news..... cough cough DENA.... come on i know you do. I had this "in-class"essay for my Women's studies class over the ONLY reading that i did not read... so i was freakin out about it and i wrote 8 pages of stuff i made up.... i was expecting to get a ZERO but i ended up getting an 88! haha... i must be a womens studies genius... either that or im a lesbian! Well im getting surgey in about a week... so i am expecting some get well flowers, candy, and checks.... make checks payable to SHAWNA FLORIDA .... a minimun of 50 dollars would be nice. Yeah but it shouldnt be that bad they just stick little tubes in my knees and suck out the plika and stitch it back up. Its only supposed to take like 30 minutes. And i get to be under anasthesia (can spell) well whatever dena is majoring in... so im going to be high when i wake up! COOL. Ok well i have to go do my art homework.... i have to spend at least 3 hours on a still life..... Yall blog because its cool. out like mcdonalds was of egg mcmuffins this morning.... how gay... i mean queer. HOLLA

 long time no blog. Well Im glad yall had fun either loving or hating valentines day. I had a good time in the woodlands... nothing too spectacular.... we actually didnt get to really do anything because i had to work a track meet saturday so we were driving back and forth. It was alright though... we spent a nice 12 dollars on Pay Per View and saw "Once Upon a Time in Mexico" and spent 45 bucks on room service! Yah well i figured i might as well splurge its not like i get to stay in a resort for free every weekend. EXCEPT the fact that mike WON ANOTHER stay at a resort in galveston for two nights in another race! haha... yeah we are thinking of going over spring break or something. On the way home from the woodlands yesterday mike and i got some james coney island and we took it to this playground and ate.. IT was such a great day sooo sunnny! And we sat on the jungle gym thingy and ate our hotdogs.... it was quite fun. Then we played on the swings and monkey bars... monkey are def. a lot harder than they were in elementary school! I stole the salt shaker from james coney island because i needed salt for my fries and after we ate our food we started pouring salt down the slides... it was odd yet very fascinating!! We were literally shaking salt down every slide for at least 15 minutes.... we were both amused. Then i pulled what i like to call the "double shake down" where i poured salt down TWO slides at once. LOL it was strangley fun. We actually ran out of salt and had to quit. But i will introduce you all into the wonderful world of slide salting.... its great. Later that night we watched UH play UT (baseball) in minute maid park... we played a hard fought game and almost won (they won 6-5) But it reminded me of that year that we (dena betsty sue) went to minute maid park and bought standing room tickets and sat in the cool seats behind DERICK BELL and were obnoxious fans. That was mucho fun. We were so cool and I was alright with derick bell... anyone remember that? Well im glad yesterday was a nice day because today SUCKS thus far. First off i had two things i had to do at 9 am... 1. Doctors Appointment 2.Paper Due/Quiz ..... as you can see i am ONE person and can only be at ONE PLACE AT A TIME..... so i had to walk to the facility tell the doctor i would be late... then walk 15 minutes to my class tell my prof i had a doc appointment then had to take a quiz in 3 minutes and walk back to the facility all before 9:20...... This was not fun. Then the doctor tells me im not ALLOWED TO WORK OUT! (bc of my knee!) And that next week i should get my plika cut out.... (surgery) .... So now im going to get fat and then i have to have surgery which will make me even more fat. Actually i dont care about getting fat but i actually do want to work out! And after my surgery he said it will take at least 6 weeks to get better and it might be hard to get back to running quickly... GREAT. THEN... i had a meeting with MR. Leroy B. today about my scholarship/grades etc. He is a JERK OFF. First of all THREE people told me to talk to him because i would prob. get my scholarship back .... so im like ok great this is exciting. I go talk to him and he tells me the following things: -Because of this i have to explain to MY supervisor why this is happening it makes the program look bad -We need to start thinking...well we need the money (my scholarship) to find a REPLACEMENT for you for the better of the program -I think you should PROVE to me that you deserve having a scholarship in the first place before i give you one... i only think you have a 50/50 chance of getting eligible again... why would i put my faith in you? -You might as well not appeal the scholarship because you arent going to win he pretty much told me that not only did i make the program look bad but that he doesnt want me on the team ... he wants my money to find a REPLACEMENT (hi im a HUMAN BEING .. not a car part) and he threatened me for appealing this decision because "I WONT WIN" anyway..... does this sound like a COACH to any of you? I understand him being mad about me doing bad in school.... but he can at least support me and encourage me to do better.... Last year he had a runner in the same situation who got to keep their money... this runner was a SPRINTER. Hmmm interesting. He is a jerk... im really pissed off. But im just going to get good grades run fast and then transfer schools and run fast somewhere else so i can shove it in his stupid face. anyway im tired of all this scholarship/school/track shit... really im not upset about having my money taken its more of the fact that i dont feel like the coach really wants me on the team in the first place.... OH well. ON a lighter note i got a 98 on my health test. YAY shawna's smart. About the tshirt thing... i cant find ANY software cheaper than 400 dollars... which i find to be bull crap. Even bigger bull crap is that the UH student discount on the software i want is a WHOPPING 10 DOLLARS OFF... wow who knew that you could pay 390 instead of 400 ....those are some big savings! Student discount my ass. anyway if any of yall can find some cheaper let me know i will send ya the money... i need: -photshop -quark -illustrator -flash all on Mac! Ok well i need to go do some homework if i wanna pull off this 4.0.... I will blog ya lata.... out like me when i leave (cant think of any good ones) HOLLA

 HOLLA....i gotta let you all know about a documentary you GOTTA watch (prob. up there w/ Hands on a Hard Body!!). it's called "venom in a jar, a kiss from the queen". i'm not kidding..it's hillarious. well, we'll have to find it and try to watch it sometime...there is a lot of alluding to sex and guys jacking of w/ the snakes. it's great! man, i swear i broke my foot....ouch..it's killing me...i hobble like the hunchback of notre dame whenever i walk. yes, you can imagine it and laugh at me cuz i know i look rediculous. heather, your v-day sounds like it was great! sue, way to party hard!!! friday night i went out w/ some friends and guess who was there?...........dries.....(aka, hot guy from weight room). well, i talked to him for a while...and yes, he was REALLY HOT...no joke.....everytime he put up his arms, i was just staring like crazy...mmmmm.....i know i was really obvious but hey.....who wouldn't stare. well, the bad news is that he's deff. a player (good news=deff. not gay), but i'm sure if anyone needs a good makeout session w/out strings if they come visit me....he'd be good for that. on another note, ummmmmm.....actually i don't really have anything else to say...sooo, i'll talk to you all later, dena

 i am not going to continue my previous post right now because i am being hella prodcutive and its 345 and i havent stopped working since 830. hell yeah (except for these little brain breaks) i will blog later, but for now let me leave you with a website that is my personal favorite and if the guy wasnt ugly as sin, id propose and try to bear his children http://maddox.xmission.com/ his archives are wonderful as well..the one about kids art...ahhh, music to my ears. die kids! (except premature babies...remember, we're all BIG fans of premature babies and we want to donate money to their cause....and we want to donate money to their cause...ooops, did i say that twice, my bad...and we want to donate money to their cause) shawna had sex this weekend. its true

 woohoo!!!...booo, its monday. the woohoo was for the kick ass weekend i just had, before i go on about another kick ass weekend i would like to explain to you that my during the week time is sooo freaking painful. i am at school in the library everyday between 9 or 10 and i do not leave school/the library until at least 6 at night--hence the need to make my weekends worth it (im not even inclduign the studyign that i do in my room!) SO, on friday, i met up with my girlfriends (girlfriends as in friends that are girls not the queer type) for some drinks so we could figure out what are plan for the night was. and then super fantastic charlie texted saying that he was looking to meet up. woohoo, points for him. anyways, my friend natasha is dating his friend so they come to the bar that were all at and we have some drinks...i met some old fat guy earlier in the night who was WASTED and he kept buying me and liza cosmopolitans so i was pretty sure it was going to be a kick ass night. so then our big group went to this clun called on anon, which i thought was the coolest thing ever because its sounds like "on and on" and i guess i was a little tipsy, but i still think its cool now and im completely sober...hmm, odd...anyways, i continued to drink and then dance. since i am the dancing queen now i was ON FIRE. and the best part is is that charlie dances and its sooo european and soooo fun. and i actaully didnt mind dancing with him the whole night. normally, i cant stand dancing with the same person for more than half a song...bg points for him. im sure it helped that while we were dancing there would be periodic making out. because we were too busy being ray on the dance floor, i lost track of my group and by the time i stopped to take a breath, they were all gone. SO i had to figure out a way to NOT go home with him (liza was my out-girl). well, i did--thats why i love running--such a good excuse. i DID have a race the next day (not til 2) but i got to say that i had to wake up at 7. that scares most people away. so he walked me to my bus stop and said adieu. i told him he was the best valentine ever (it was 2am) because i only had to spend 2 hours with him. i am pretty sure this kid thinks i am WEIRD. ahhh, i have class, more on saturday LATER. you jokers wont even be awake to read this so dont worry, youll get the whole story all at once. later

 HOLLA so i really don't have much to say, but I noticed that there wasn't a single blog for today, and that never happens, so i wanted to keep the spirit alive, yo'! (That, and I didn't want shawna to administrate on our asses when she gets back tomorrow and sees how much we've been blog-slaking while she's been away...) Had a GREAT V-day! Daniel treated me to all my favorites!! He wined and dined me at our favorite Subway joint (haha, i know this sounds cheesy, but this really was my dream V-day!! Well, for this year, anyway!) Then we headed up the canyon for some good ole fashioned gamblin' @ Blackhawk! We even got stuck in a MAJOR traffic jam where we weren't moving at all, so I even got a little makeout-in-the-car action -- high school style!! Talk about romantic! I'm addicted to this one slot machine called "Jackpot Party!" It's soooo fun! It plays "Macho Macho Man" by the Village People every time you go to the bonus round!! But I ended up $20 in the hole at the end of the night, and I think Daniel lost about $10. And I'm such a gambling freak, i can't ever stop, so Daniel had to drag me away, stomping and screaming as I resisted, so that I wouldn't lose all of my money! haha! It's so funny -- I was so mad at him for making us leave!! But as soon as we got in the car, i realized the situation i was getting myself into, and was so grateful to have a boyfriend who really looks out for my best interest. (This is where you all say, "Awwwwww...") So then we headed back down the mountain and snuggled up on the couch watching our favorite shows! It was perfect! So, I've been checkin' out all sorts of websites to get ideas for the layout and look/feel of ours! In fact, if you guys see anything really sweeeeet that you want on our site, tell me the URL and i'll try to reproduce it! Betsy - glad marisa's out of the H. Hopefully things will only get better from here. and sorry that you're so anti-v-day. it didn't help that i screamed it in everyone's face below, huh?! I have to, though! I LOVE february! It's my birthday month!! Yes, that's right, gals, I'm gonna be the big 2-3 come the end of this month... Kinda scary. 22 was so fun and sexy, but 23 seems so old and boring. i guess there's no turning back now... a'ight foolios... i'm out. can't wait for all the weekend updates tomorrow morning! P.S. Look at the time stamp below! I barely made the Feb 15th cutoff!

 HOLLA Ok I haven't blogged in a while...Marisa got out of the hospital! They still don't know what's wrong with her though, which is scary. But at least she's ok for now. Anyway I've had a shit day. I played two games today, actually I only played one b/c I sprained my ankle in the first one and now it hurts like hell. Heather I kinda liked your little deal on the website...I'll admit it. I have to get drunk tonight. I'm in the worst mood and everyone sucks. Bye!

 HOLLA that is awesome! hope your day has been great!



 HOLLA...i totally live vicariously through sue too! it's great. she has some good stories...so sue, get on it! i need some gossip. heather, i can't beleive you saw the girl of your dreams and didn't get her number...who cares if she has a man....that shouldn't stop you from DESTINY. your bottled water story reminded me of my chem. class the other day....it just so happened that our teacher made a really stupid joke that only the nerds laughed at as well. well, subsequently after the laughter subsided (haha...like the way i'm talking?)...the guy next to me moved his hand and accidentally knocked his diet coke onto the floor....well, it definately exploded and sprayed all over the place. somehow it managed to miss me even though it was happening right by my feet...but all the people next to me go sprayed...i was cracking up. it's a little wierd that we both had the same experience. haha...we're twins

 HOLLA, it's FRIDAY THE 13th, ya'll!! And a crazy thing happened to me today!! so i'm at subway today waiting in line to order my 6" veggie on parmesan oregano, provolone cheese, lots of spicy mustard, with everything - no jalepenos, when who walks right past me?! THE GIRL I HOOKED UP WITH IN MY DREAM LAST NIGHT!! Not even joking! Same cute little bleach-blonde pixie haircut with the EXACT SAME pink bandana in her hair!! It was crazy!! But... She left subway with some guy, so i guess the reality of me and her ending up together really was "in my dreams..." Story #2: I'm in class today, and this class is the nerdiest class you can take, and it's full of total geeks, and when i say geeks, i'm talkin' these guys cracked up when my professor asked us this: "Now, 13 is never an even number, right? That is, it can never be divided by two without having a remainder..." And most everyone nods and agrees, and then Boy Wonder in the front row YELLS OUT, "WRONG! If you write 13 in base5, then it becomes 8, which is definitely divisible by two!!!" *Laughter and applause ensue...* You get the picture, back to the story... So not to sound high and mighty, but when I walk into the room, all eyes on me. Reason for this: I'M THE ONLY GIRL. Well, there's actually 3 other girls, but you can't really tell that they're girls, so, yeah. So i stand out enough in this class as it is... So I'm sitting there taking notes, not laughing at the 13 turn 8 scenario, when I pull out my Perrier. Keep in mind, Perrier is carbonated, so when I open it, it must have gotten shook up cause it sprays all over me and I'm all wet! I was so embarassed! well, at least it was just water... Can't wait for the sue post-weekend update... Sue - I live vicariously through you and all your hot steamy dance nights and dates and kissy kissy, since school has been forcing me to be a bonafide geek lately... holla

 HOLLA...heather, your dreams are hillarious!! that's so funny....that's funny that you ended up hooking up w/ a girl....haha. well, i would write more but i am extremely tired so i'm gonna go take a nap. shawna, have fun at the woodlands....i hear carlos might go?! haha. that's really funny.

 well, ive had the most busy week because i missed classes last week and i wanted to really impress my teachers this week so i had to bust my ass to get all the info in my head and then i had to remember it all..which is hard let me tell you...remembering stats on cotton manufacturing in the 1780s is not fun nor easy. but now its friday night and im sooo ready to go out. i havent been dancing in forever--two weeks and i am ready! and ready to makeout. yeeeeeah ok, i have to change...

 good morning, ya'll! (morning for me, i just woke up! rocks to be a supa-senia!) So, I dreamt last night that I was in Houston, and Shawna took me to the mall with everyone from her school (Must have been high school), and we were all in this auditorium in the mall, and everyone was kinda milling around talking, waiting for something to start, so i was trying to find a good place to sit. Well, suddenly, i was SINGLE! So I start flirting with this Asian guy named "Tai Chi" (haha!), and then his girlfriend gets all pissy at me, so I go start flirting with GIRLS! By the end of the dream, I hook up with this cute girl with a pixie hair cut, and Shawna's like, "Oh, so YA'LL are together now..." (surprised that i ended up with a chick), And I'm like, "yep! guess so!" LOL, it was so random! when i woke up, i was secretly wishing that i had hooked up with shawna in the end... Oh, and the dream before last night, dena, shawna, and i were trying out for American Idol in Boulder! Except i didn't really tryout cause I can't sing; i just wanted to sign up so i could hang out with everyone. And I can't remember what Shawna sang, but dena sang "Holy, Holy, Glory"... IN SPANISH!! So all day while she was waiting for her turn, she was practicing singing, "Holia, Holia, Gloria..." It was hysterical!! And they both were sure they'd make it because, quote, "Look around... our competition is nothing but a bunch of Boulder Hippies..." haha! Looks like i gotta stop reading this blog, and stop watching american idol... but of course i'm not gonna!! HOLLA - heather

 HOLLA y'all............i'm am done w/ this crazy week finally! now it's time to RELAX. my test had 8 questions and i def. didn't finish b/c there was so much writing...but i can say now that i know how to draw the chemical sequence of many of the molecular processes that are occuring inside you and me...haha jk (well, i really can draw them, but i'm POSITIVE none of you care). well, news on the hot guy.....he's definately not gay.....always a positive....so sue you should come here and meet him. he's the one w/ a really good job in NYC lined up. oh, another plus....he came swimming w/ me and some of my friends for a workout....and def. said he thought i had an awesome body.....so he's not picky! well, anyays, i made sure he knew we could only be friends, but i did mention my hot friends (that being you guys), and told him he should talk to the single ones. but sue, now you have a valentine...so i guess that won't work out...unless it is just a fling for v-day. either way....GO SUE. yesterday i was walking on campus and this guy (who i took a few mins to recognize) walked by. after thinking for a minute i realized he was my AI for a class i took 1st semster my freshman year. well, when he walked by he goes "hey dena, how's it going?"....how did he remember my name? i didn't even know he was my AI. anyways, i thought that his memory was so impressive that it was worth mentioning on here. our computer lab 'technicians' are all indian....that seems to be the majority of minorities around here. wow, i've noticed that almost every other blog on here is from me....where do i find the time? i'm just such a good friend. jk well, i'm gonna go take a nap

 HOLLA.....wow, heather....that is a lot of snow...when it snows here....it's just kind of lame...it never gets too crazy. actually i never ended up printing out all those articles b/c i went to the class and we ended up not even needing them...so hey, what can you do? shawna, why don't you open some windows or something to air out your place? i'm getting my uniform stuff soon! i can't wait.... how do you put links on here so you can just click on them directly? sorry i'm not all computer savvy. yeah, i've been singing daniel's song ALLL DAY...i'm not even kidding....i wanna hear his redo of it. "hot tees, made by hotties"....that's a classic part. sue, i meant to tell you to tell your parents hello for me. and yeah, good job on your race....again, i said this all in a previous blog, but b/c macs are sooo annoying, that blog didn't get published. heather, your procrastination story was pretty funny...i was cracking up. family guy IS the best show....shawna, do you have the one where the genie comes and peter has three wishes? or the one where they are running low on money, so peter wishes for a jew? haha...that's a great show. time to go make some PIZZA....mmmmmmm. shawna, do you ever eat star pizza? i hear they have chicago style pizza....SUE....GOOD NEWS FOR US...remember the day we were driving around 1960 area looking for good pizza and we just couldn't find any. well, star pizza is downtown and they DO HAVE GOOD CHICAGO PIZZA...so we DEFINATELY have to go there. mmmmmm...i can't wait!! mmmmm...chuy's sounds really good right now too.....QUESO!!! can you all tell i'm hungry right now? haha.i'm frekin starving. alright, time for piiiiizzzzza. later

 Barbie and Ken have broken up.... RIGHT BEFORE VALENTINES DAY... HOW SAD! http://www.cnn.com/2004/US/02/12/offbeat.barbie.breakup.ap/index.html HOLLA

 Question of the day: Why are all the computer lab "chaperones" asian? First of all i would like to say Happy Valentines day... Its not till saturday but i will be pimpin it in the woodlands all weekend so i dont know if ill be able to blog much. I WILL DO MY BEST THOUGH. In the valentines spirits anyone lookin to find a mate?? Well how about a urlLink BLOG MATE? haha i found that to be pretty HILARIOUS MYSELF... but maybe thats because im not lonely and lookin for love. Well i dont know if i mentioned this before but katie (my roomie) bought a dog a few weeks ago... and she decided that since she is NEVER home to take care of it she wanted to sell it.... well mike and Jerry (My coaches hubbie) decided to go half and half and buy it... its new name is urlLink SPIKE (or max... we arent sure) But since mike paid for it partly that means i kinda own it too... so the good news is i HAVE A PUPPY... yay. The best part is i dont have to feed it clean its poop or play with it. Hoor-freakin-ay ..... But today when i delivered it to Jerry it was running around and it crapped and i didnt see it and i got it all over my shoe... it was mucho disgusting. SO my apartment has this funny smell today.... its like a gaseous smell.... definitley some kind of chemical.... dena maybe while you are periodically doing it on tables you can figure out what chemical is floating around my apt. Im afraid to go home cause i dont wanna die or explode... which is pretty much the same thing. Of course it is possible that i could survive an explosion and be like that kid in france who was paralized and couldnt see taste or smell BUT he was able to move his right thumb.... so maybe i would come out of the explosion with some right thumb action. Lets keep em crossed. The french boy did later ask that he be taken off life support... i guess his thumb movement wasnt enough to keep him happy. A moment of silence for le thumb boy ------ OK .... new topic Heather you should check out h-town. One day its 40 degrees... the next it 87 ... craziness. Today its light sweater cold. I cant wait till summer. You know whats funny... im taking a class on procrastination for my health class.... the paper on it is due next week and i havent gone to the class yet! Hahahaa.... the life of a procrastinator. Have yall seen the Family Guy. Most definitley the funniest show ever. I bought Season Two yesterday and have been watching it non-stop. Its hilarious. This is a quote from the show: Wife: "You are such a child peter" Husband: "Well... if im a child that means you are a petifile and i will NOT be lectured by a pervert!" ooh good stuff. I got another ultrasound today... once again IT HURT. I ask the trainer every time.. "is this supposed to hurt" they reply with "No... its not" so i say well.. if it hurts what does that mean? > "Uhh.. im not sure" - and then the conversation is over like its no big deal..... im glad the trainers at my school CARE about my injury. Stupid trainers. Well this is a little off topic... or REALLY off topic but i was thinking about this summer when me dena heather and brianna got hair dye that stays for one night.. it has some cheesy name like :Rock Star Color ... or something p.c. queer like that .... anyway we all looked soo HOT... we were definitley urlLink ROCK STARS .... anyway i left a little picture there for you all to orgasm over. I cant stand when people in the computer lab leave their phones on and they go off every 3 seconds and have some gay ludacris ringtone and they talk really loud.... this happens everytime im in the computer lab... there is at least ONE annoying person every day. I have art tonight! Last time we did the most useless thing since LINE DRAWING... We had to shade a 19 inch box from dark to light.... i pretty much used my ENTIRE pencil doing this project and it took 3 HOURS... it was soo p.c queer! Well my art prof decided that he would use the joke 'today we are putting the FUN in fundamental" everytime we are doing something cool. And tues when we did our stupid shading he was like "I think today we are doing the Mental part of Fundamental!" (my class is called the fundamentals of drawing)... see this is not funny to me at all... in fact i find it very lame. He mentions this almost every day... despite the fact that NO ONE EVER LAUGHS.... Luc is such a nerd. He also leaves the studio every ten minutes and is gone for like 20 minutes.... we all think he sniffs coke in the bathroom or something. well im going to take my math quiz seeing that i have procrastinated until now to do it. I will leave you with something urlLink FUNNY ... it makes me laugh everytime i see it. HOLLA

 It snowed and snowed and snowed here! But today, nice and sunny and blue skies! I put some urlLink before and after shots online, if you wanna see em'... Dena, your printing fiasco was HILARIOUS!! You are so funny... so, did you ever get all your stuff printed out?? And your nerd shirt is good. I want a shirt that says "Amps are prickly, Volts are warm..." JUST KIDDING. One of my EE professors put that as an answer on a multiple choice test as a "joke", and as you can tell, it was SOOOOOO FUNNNNY! *sarcasm* What the hell does that even mean?? Hey, that'd be a funny shirt: "Sarcasm is my orgasm... but you wouldn't be able to tell the difference." Okay, that sounds kinda lame-tongue, but maybe someone else could word it better... So, I agree, Daniel's silly song is SUPER CATCHY... I can't get it out of my head. Even though it was a joke, daniel said he kinda likes it now, so he's gonna redo it for real and put it on his new demo album. (But he said he's gonna change the words a bit to eliminate the cheesy factor! haha!) Seriously, Sue, way to score!! (oh, and great job at your race, too!) Charlie sounds like one fine catch! And your mom seems really hip-to-the-jive! haha! Shawna, loved the newest poem... "What's cooler, than bein' bad-ass?" "COLD GRASS!!" "I said, What's cooler, than bein' bad-ass?" "COLD GRASS!!" "Allright-allright-allright-allright-allright-allright-allright-allright-NOW LADIES..." "YEEEEAH?!" etc... **sing to the tune of Outkast's hey ya** So, I have a HUGE presentation for my Senior Capstone project that was supposed to be due this Tuesday, so I was all motivated to get crackin' on it and be productive, but then my prof just emailed everyone and said it's been delayed a whole week. booya! motivation gone. oh well. Speaking of procrastinating, i am the worst procrastinator i know! Once in highschool my youth group was assigned to read a book about something we struggled with, and then come back the next week and share what we learned. So the day to share rolls around, and my youth pastor's like, "okay, Heather, what did you read, and what can you share with us?" And so i show them my book and I'm like, "well, my book is on how to stop procrastinating, but I haven't really started reading it yet..." haha ha haha... I honestly didn't realize how PATHETIC that sounded! Everyone started laughing. it was funny. Okay, i'm out like the sun in colorado... Heather

 HOLLA here's a shirt for chemistry enthusiasts: "chemists do it on tables periodically" (get it...periodic table?) haha well, i tried writing this before but it didn't work....so there's an idea to target cool chem. students

 HOLLA so i had the link to our website flash/song up twice on my computer and the timing was set just right so that the song was harmonizing with itself b/c it was playing from both pages i had up....anyways, i just wanted to say it sounded really cool....it sounded like daniel got someone else to go in and sing w/ him. well, if you guys get really bored and have nothing to do.....you should try it...it's pretty cool

 HOLLA sue....australians are hot....GOOD JOB! keep it up...and he's got dough....double good job! i liked daniel's song too...i was actually singing it as well, haha...catchy tune! me and shawna are twins...and so is heather! (according to gma) shawna...thanks for the shout out! betsy, anymore nude models? sorry this is short but i have a paper and project due tomorrow morn. at 9:30 and it's 12:00 already

 heather i love the flash! does that make me white trash? I think i might be.... tee hee tee hee The song is so moving It keeps me grooving I cant handle your sexy voice It makes me want to rejoice Our site is so badass its cooler than cold grass Hopefully we make money if not, at least we are funny I thought i would make my opinion into a poem.... i dont know why cold grass made it into the poem but .... it did. I really like "take 1" it makes me smile.... Tell daniel GOOD JOB on the song... haha i actually was singing it earlier today and my friend was like "what song is that?" .... I told her only the cool people have heard it and its about to be a hit on the radio... she believed me... stupid girl. Today i went to mcdonalds (are you surprised) and this army man was in there. He ordered some fries. The employee handed him the fries and he takes a look at them and makes a fuss... here is the convo: Army Man: "These are Overcooked" Employee: "Well they were cooked for the correct amount of time" Army Man: "Well they are brown, are you saying I AM WRONG?" Employee: "This is how they are supposed to be" Army Man: (throws bag at her) "Make some new ones and MAKE THEM RIGHT THIS TIME" Army men suck.. his fries were perfect golden french fries.... what an anal man. So when i ordered my food i said "ill have a number seven and some overcooked fries" ... the employee laughed and the army man did not. OH i love people who suck.... they give me stories to tell. I went and got an oil change today in jersey village because that is where we got my car.. well it took them an hour and a half! Im sorry but it does not take more than 30 minutes to change oil.... Jersey Village sucks.... Then this crackhead man was talking to me and mike and he wouldnt stop talking about how much he LOVES NIKES (but pronounced it NIIIIKE... as in dyke) .... i dont know where he came from but he just felt the need to tell us how much he loves his nikes. well i have to go to women's studies now..... so i suppose that is it. Sue congrats on your australian booty. dena: shoutout. HOLLA

 HOLLA.....heather.....SEXY VOICE!!! ouuuu. haha...i like the flames actually...that looks cool. but we're seriously gonna have the BEST website! well, can't write....gotta finish a paper. later

 HOLLA...so do any of you guys watch friends? well, there's an old one where this guy at work always called chandler the wrong name..and it got too late for chandler to tell him that he was being called the wrong name. well, chandler's boss goes up to chandler and is like "we're thinking of bringing (Jeff--guy who doesn't know chandler's name) up to our floor to help lighten our work load".....chandler says no...(knowing that this will cause problems since jeff doesn't know his name). later, jeff sees chandler and is like...."i didn't get a promotion b/c of this guy chandler bing...have you heard of him?"....so chandler says no, and proceeds to help jeff destroy 'chandler's' office in revenge..........WELL.....(here's where i come into the story).......... i'm in the chem. computer lab right now and had to print out 40 pages worth of articles to read........well, the computer is messed up and only prints about a page/minute...so that's a good 40 mins. of my stuff printing. so i'm just typing a paper and i hear all these people complaining saying "who is the person printing out like 50 pages of stories?....that's so annoying". of course i didnt want to claim responsibility for them not being able to print out their 1 page of an assigment that's due in a few minutes...so i joined in and was like "i dont know...what were they thinking....that's so inconsiderate". well, then after about 10 mins.......a guy is like...i'm just gonna cancel their print job b/c it's taking so long and there's nobody even standing over there to get the stuff coming out. so knowing that if i go over there and collect the articles....i'll get caught......i simply suggest "yeah, you SHOULD go cancel teh print job.....that person shouldn't be printing out so much stuff anyways"...hahaha.....THAT'S HOW COOL I AM alright...gotta run

 so i just posted and then i read what everyone blogging about and i will have you know that sue leads an anything but boring life. maybe you losers are stuck in a rut but ill tell you this much--ummm,...i'm....not...boring (riiiight, i said that already). well, im not, so there. IN FACT, im so involved with leading my incredibly fantastic life that i dont have time to blog. but i do anyway because i heart my sistas :) let me sum up my date for you (to prove how wonderfully im doing) and i am going to do it in statistics because that way its quantifiable and thats how we economic historians do it (maybe i am boring...) stats on charlie: age:25 job: investment banker home:south kensington () origin:australia (yum) sports: crew and rugby stats on the date: first bar: glass of wine restaurant: shot, big thing of beer, mussels, chicken, beer, coffee second bar: amaretto total units of alcohol I consumed last night: 10 so not only was my date alcolically satisfying, the guy is perfect and i may have a valentine for the first time in my entire life (excluding michael snyder in 1st grade...his mom made him give me a card). boring my ASS. also, drumroll please, i think that i will be staying in london for the rest of my life (ie, finishing school here) soooooo, everyone SAVE money OR well make all the money with the HOTees and you can come and party this summer here with me! not, i must get back to my work. laaaaaaaaaaate

 i have a lot of work to do but im not getting anything done--holla. i want to sleep. my legs hurt because the weather is about to change and i have run 26 miles since monday and walked at least 17. complain complain complain. blah blah blah... im really hungry, ouuuuuuuuuuuuuuut

 again, my deepest apologies for being MIA since thursday but in my defense NO ONE has seen/talked to me...i'm an equal oppurtuinity ignorer. heather, i thought the temporary website was kickass and, hey, as long as none of the font is new times roman, then i think its great. i hate new times roman. needless to say i am pleased that our blog is arial or something...anyway... i have been ever so busy latley. the parents came and i went to scotland and ran. i got 100th-ish and there were 400 runners, my team got 7th (it was the british universities championships). i was psyched because i got dadyy to buy me new spikes for it. on saturday i went out with cathy (mom). we got tanked and danced all night at the Long Island Ice Tea House. it was good fun. then we had a mother-daghter bonding moment of drunk munchies on the way home and decided to split a pizza and watch bridget jones until 230. on Sunday, i met up with maggie (from KHS) who is at oxofrd and we saw a play with mummy and daddy. good fun (as this is the really boring part of my blog , im now Fast FOrrwarding til last night) i went on the best date ever!!!! charlie is fantastic. not to mention i pre-dated (ie. got some wines in me to loosen up) with the beer man (hot norwegian) and my friend liza and then was the moment of truth--i had to meet charlie at the covent garden tube stop and, honestly, i had no idea waht he looked like--i knew he looked british. luckily he was late and had to look for me and recognized me...tragedy averted. anywho, went to a bar, nice restaruant, another bar, had some kissy kissy and it was absolutley fabulous and i have to dry my hair but iwill write something later and redeem myself for this horrible blog hotees rule all--tshirt ideas to come...

 HOLLA first off, Betsy, i can't believe your friend is STILL in the hospital!! How awful/stressful! Keep us posted. Second, mac and cheese is da BOMB! although i don't really like easy mac, so props, Dena, fo' keepin' it real, yo. Third, i always see commercials for My Big Fat Obnoxious Fiancee, and it looks hilarious, but i haven't seen it yet. i'm too busy watching American Idol!! Now, i know what y'all are thinking... American Idol?? That is SOOOOOOOO two seasons ago! And you're right, it is, but see, I never watched a single episode until this season, so i'm all into the hype and what not! i even dialed in my vote for the first time tonite!!! And finally, what you've all been waiting for... the cheeseball Flash movie in all it's glory! Now, let me reiterate that daniel and i tried to collaborate our skills on this to add some commercial flair, but it just turned out darn funny... so please remember the it's not serious. I REPEAT. IT'S NOT SERIOUS. OUR REAL SITE WILL BE PIIIIMP. Okay, having said that, you'll need urlLink Flash Player to view it if you don't already have it (it's free), and make sure your speakers are on to get the full effect! And don't worry, it's SUPER SHORT. the whole movie is only a few seconds. well, the song is long, cause he didn't know how long it would need to be, and i didn't bother clipping it, i just plugged it in... urlLink HOTees & Co. Take One. Well, at least the preloader part is cool. And I was trying to get my voice all sexy like the tetris chick, but my mic is so cheap that any whispery talk just sounds like loud noisy static. oh well. Okay, on to bigger and better things... Take Two is in the works as we blog (read: "as we speak"). Oh, and for now, daniel was kind enough to let us put our stuff on HIS site, which was a much safer bet than putting it on a site that I get paid to administrate and use up all their space. So our temp site will be urlLink hotees.danielluthjohn.com until we can fork up a couple bucks for our own site! ta ta! heather

 HOLLA I want my personal t-shirt to say I have cankles. oh and yall should watch my big fat obnoxious fiancee. It's funny. Heather I can't wait to see your flash intro. I'm sore. Not from sex like Sue. From soccer. That is all. Marisa is still in the hospital.

 HOLLA...shawna i'm wondering why i didn't get a shout out....thanks a lot. JERK. haha...lol, jk sista. but seriously...i am wondering where my shout out was. well, tonight....i made a box of mac and cheese (a whole box...not easy mac) and i didnt' want it to go to waste...so i ended up eating the WHOLE THING. well, i proceed to check my email and what do i find out?/??.....i have a basketball game in 30 mins...that i can't miss since i'm the captain. ooops......so basically, i feel like puking really bad....this is just not a good week for me and puking. i really gotta stop being bulimic. i mean anorexic...i mean....what eating disorder? haha...so anyways, last week was eating disorder weak and i was thinking...i have an eating disorder of liking food too much. i think this is a theme of our blog....FOOD! oh well, food is good....what are you gonna do. i think angela has dropped out of this blog. and yeah, it has been pretty lame lately....it seems like the girl thing to do...you know how girls get on their period all at the same time....well, we all have boring lives at the same time and therefor nothing good to write about. well, i've been sitting here for two minutes in a daze/ half trying to think of something to write/half thinking of what tv show is on right now...well, have nothing to say so late. ps: shawna, if you have an extra belly button thing that you don't like or just don't want....i'm always up for freebies! ehh ehhhh? "enjoy my wife....ehh" liar liar "great gift dad.....thanks son" liar liar (CLASSIC MOVIE)

 HEY YAH shake it shake it shake it shake it shake it like a polaroid pictcha. I got an ultrasound today. ITS A BOY! LOL JK SISTAS, i got an ultrasound on my knee... and it was weird... it hurt and it is not supposed to hurt..... hmmm interesting. Cant wait to get surgery.... im tired of this shiznit. Anyway i am speaking with the big man on monday about getting my scholarship back... ill fill you in. Im pretty sure i am getting it back... whoopee. Heather i cant wait to see your KKK white trash Flash... im peeing my pants. So exciting! suzy wuzy where are you. I know you had a long weekend in good ole scotland... but THE BLOGGIES MISS YOUR BLOGS.. (are we called bloggies?? Well we are now) Anyway so you need to holla back sista fo real. angela im THIS close to giving up on you.... you gotta blog ...you are vital to our blog. Its not BFFFF's without the final link... angela kay melton. SOOOOOOO BLOG BITCH! Ok well i have art.... ill draw some cool stuff tonight for yall. Write something interesting for me...this blog has been kinda DULL lately (myself included). HOLLA

 HOLLA ya'll knew that i was born with a 0.4 cm penis, right?! Yeah, i'm actually a boy, but they gave me the sweetest vagina any guy/girl could ever ask for, so i'm not complaining... well, website stuff is slowly coming along... still no cgi scripts, i won't really need them until we actually have a product to sell online... So, I've been slowly teaching myself Flash and I wanted to make a fun intro screen for our site. So, since I've never made any Flash files that use sound or dynamic text and stuff, I was just sorta throwing stuff together quickly for fun, experimenting with different features and trying to learn as i go... WELL, the end result was SO CHEESEBALL!! Oh my gosh, it's like, White Male Supremecits' Harley Biker site for a KKK rally, or something!! haha!! and to make things worse, I asked daniel if he would record a little song that could be playing in the background, and so he asked me what kind of site it was to get a feel for the type of music. So i said, "Oh, you know, we're mainly targeting college/high shcool girls to start with, anyway. and we're gonna have lots of fun and silly t-shirts, and then probably some inspirational girl shirts... you know, whatever..." So he whips up this song and brings it over so i can embed it in my flash movie, and when we played the movie together for the first time with the song and my KKK intro, we just BUSTED UP LAUGHING!!! The two are so completely opposite it's rediculous... I think he took the "inspirational girl power" theme a little too far... i mean, the song's good, but not with the intro! It would need to be a lot more flowery floaty floofy to go with the song... You'll see what I mean... As soon as I'm finished making the preloader, I'll upload it and post the link... hahaha!! I can't stop laughing... Shawna - i like the color scheme... i'm gonna go with it on the REAL site. Alright, i'm gonna finish this lame-tongue intro real quick so you guys can see it and laugh, too... Heather

 HOLLA....just thought i'd give you a few musical notes......too bad you can't hear my AWESOME voice. your loss..haha well, gotta write up a lab report in the next hour so gotta go.

 HOLLA i've been DYING to get on here and post. at school. no time. more later. gonna get busted in, um... 5 seconds... yikes!!!!! bye!

 "its easier to make a hole than build a pole" HOLLA

 HOLLA...yeah, i know all about those tiny peckers....from human sexuality of course. great class. it's much easier to make a vagina than a wiener. well, i really have to get some work done.....so sorry guys...but i gotta go

 HI. I have little time to type this blog but since i have not in awhile i figured i should at least time a little somthin somthin. Anyway i have approx. 3 minutes. Heather you have any luck with the webpage thing. I think we should stick to hot colors.... pink, orange, red.... those kinds of things. I SAY PINK bc its my favorite color. But just do whatever you like.... you are the web design genius. what are yall doin for valentines day? Im going to stay at this hotel in the woodlands all weekend and strut around like im rich and spend lots of money. Its gonna be great. Mike won 2 nights stay from a race he did... You guys are jealous. Actually i dont know what there is to do in the woodlands but hey im sure we can find something. Ok well i am in the process of getting photoshop and other graphic design software so yall post what you want your personal shirt to say ... and if you have any design ideas tell me. OR you can design it yourself..... whatever you choose. i need to shave my arms and legs. Just thought i would tell you that. i finally changed my belly button ring... after over a year of the same one ... katie bought me some for xmas and i was afraid to change it cause i thought it would hurt. Not at all. But it was stuck in there at first.. haha i guess it was attached to my stomach or something. Ok well i have women's studies. I get to write an essay about babies who are born with penis' shorter than 0.6 centimeters.... in that case the penis is amputated and they create a makeshift vagina.... and turn the boy into a female. This is in order to be socially accepted.. because apparantley 0.6 centimeters is abnormal for babies... poor babies with their tiny dicks. Oh well. GOTTA GO. gone like a 0.6 centimeter penis HOLLA

 HOLLA It was jumbo! It was really thick...that's my fave! Anyway, Sue your sculpture's finally coming along...I think it's coming along quite nicely. I don't have anything to say...oh yeah Dena, I'll be home for spring break a couple of days. I'm going to Cancun for about four of them and then I'm going to New Orleans for like a day and then I'm coming back to Houston so I can attend my future sister-in-law's wedding shower. Good times! I'm sad right now...Marisa's still in the hospital and she's not doing any better than when we first took her in. And I think a girl on the team is about to quit, which I think is stupid considering we're the inaugural class and we only have one more year and it's a big deal that we're all graduating together. I just bought season five of sex and the city so i'm about to go watch that. Talk to yall later.

 HOLLA...i forgot to ask...how big was the guys penis betsy? just wondering.

 HOLLA......heather......i REALLY want to know what the gossip about roatan is.....sara said that she had problems w/ work but other than that....i haven't heard a thing. you know what is on this blog, stays on this blog.....and of course goes out to the rest of the internet people who happen to read our blog. but seriously......how big are these toes being stepped on? big news or small gossip? either way.....you gotta tell us asap. lata, dena

 HOLLA...i just thought i'd let you know i wanted to write a good blog today...but honestly i've been sitting here for about 3 minutes just trying to come up w/ a title.......i have blogger's block...it's true. so for taht reason, this is all i'm writing. have a LOVELY day! dena

 Back from Spring Break and I already can't wait for the weekend to get here. This has been the SLOWEST WEEK EVER. and it's only MONDAY. yeah. So, just got back from dinner with my dad. We ate at Johnny Carino's and it SUCKED. I hated it. Doesn't hold a breadstick to the OG. But had a great time visiting with the pops and the brother and sister and their significant others. Heard some VERY interesting family stories [read: gossip] about Sara's trip to Roatan... haha! Actually, on my family's behalf, someone brought the story up, and me and Jeff hadn't heard the news, and we're not a family to gossip, so we actually sat there for 3 minutes debating on if it should be shared or not. anyway, now that i realize that i'm a hypocrite since i'm technically gossiping right now to you all, I won't go into details. just know that some family toes were stepped on... I can just picture G-ma going crazy over that one... Speaking of G-ma, SHAWNA!! Have you not learned anything from the YEARS and YEARS of "NO E.C." practice with grandma to know that when a psycho approaches you, ESPECIALLY a chatterbox psycho, you DO NOT make eye contact! The second you do, and you're doomed to listen to their stories for hours... i'm disappointed. Also, Shawna, speaking of Roatan, my beloved father is yet again leaving for Honduras in the morning. He said that YOU are supposed to be picking him up from the a-port... just thought i'd give you a heads up. i warned him about your knee surgery, but i don't think he was listening to me. oh yeah, and your surgery sounded scary... no me gusta. My spring break consisted of a whole lot of NOTHING. Just how i like it! although, i did list a crapload of stuff on eBay!! That's always fun. I swear, it's my favorite hobby, and it's actually a fairly lucrative one! I can't go wrong! You guys should check it out and urlLink bid on my stuff ... haha! 38 days till graduation... My Senioritis is getting so bad that I actually slept thru my only MWF class every day the week before spring break... and it's at 3:00 in the afternoon! oops! i just don't care anymore, you know! wow, i hope i pass... maybe i should try to buckle-down and focus, huh?! betsy, i'm so glad you weren't murdered @ that gas station!!! i think we all should invest in bulletproof vests... i mean, they warn us and educate us about rape and sexual assault, but they tell us nothing about serial killers! they should really pass out the bulletproof vests for free just like they do the rape whistles, don't you agree?? Hi Jaime! welcome to the blizz-og... send me your pic so i can put it with the rest of ours. oh, and yeah... who are you? haha! fill us in on the details... i'm guessing you've probably been reading our blog for a while, so you probably know a lot about the rest of us already, but if not, you can always check out the urlLink archives ! that's all i got for now. HOLLA back, y'all.

 HOLLA.....i just wanted to commend you all for being the biggest blogging slackers....and you know of course i'm being completely sarcastic.....GET WRITING people....i need some interesting stuff to read or else i have to study. d

 HOLLA...betsy that's freaky.....i bet that the guy who went into runsport WAS the same guy you were talking about. so what....did he kill people or something? that is freaky. betsy, i used your story about how you didn't like the new jersey guys for a paper i had to write for my 'stories and stereotypes' class. i think my teacher will like it. hehe. i called you sara though. anyways, i just thought i'd let you know. where is everyone else? welcome to the blog jaime.....send a pic. of yourself to heather and she can put it on there for you...i'll email you her email address. heather...how was your spring break? sue, how are the peasants? shawna...how is your cankle? where are the pics? rpw......what happened to you? alright, i'm out......i made some super YUM brownies....of course they're not special brownies....that make you like shawna...but they are good...so i'm gonna go eat them. dena

 HOLLA....i just got back from running a 5k race.........hahaha...i got 2nd place out of 400 people next to jaime (shawna knows jaime). well, i really have no other news except for teh fact that it's a perfect day outside.....80 degrees sunny....SLIGHT breeze....basically houston weather. haha..shawna's HIGH......half baked is on right now....you should watch that. well, time to take a shower cuz i smell like dirty feet + sweaty nasty funk. later,dena

 HOLLA Hey yall...not much has been going on with me lately. I'm still on my healthy kick, believe it or not. I don't know if I mentioned this earlier, but since I've been dragging ass in soccer lately, I decided to eat healthy for the most part and drink moderately. Yes, I've honestly become the responsible girl. It's actually kinda fun. Anyway, so yeah I've been kicking ass at being healthy. We played U of H last night and lost 1-0. Damnit. Yay for Kelcee! She'll be breaking 5 in no time...that's awesome. Sue, don't you have anything interesting to say about Charlie the Australian?? I need suspense in my life. Also, I love the t-shirt ideas...wonderful. Shawna, I'm sorry about how awful you feel. That's hilarious about the psychotic gay man though. Oh I have a story myself about a schizo...first of all there's a serial killer on the loose at Rice Village so I've been fearing for my life for about a week or so. Anyway, last Thursday I went home to Spring. It was a 11 at night and I had to get gas. I was pretty terrified b/c the killer last struck at the gas station right next to the one I was filling my gas up at. Luckily there were lots of people around when I stopped and it was well lit, etc. However, there was this one guy filling up his gas who was just jabbering away talking about I don't know what. It was hilariously terrifying. I don't mean to freak you out, but I wonder if the guy you were talking about is the killer! I mean, he had no motive when he was shooting these women...that's the kind of thing crazy people do. Was he white? That's part of his description. Also, is the store you were talking about anywhere near Rice? Ok he's probably not the killer, but who the hell knows.

 although this is no excuse, i have been super duper bsy i have been doing revisions and working and have had zero time by a computer. my blogging has been atrocious. i will update you in my life real fast before i fall asleep--i just got done with a 15 mile run (another thing thats been consuming my life) 1. got a job so i can make money--still a receptionist.data administrator 2.study for 6 hours a day 3.went out hardcore friday and danced until my legs fell off. ps, i love black men, and foreign men. i vow to never ever dance in america ever again 4.discovered that i actually do have rhythm, although it is enhanced by alcohol (notably) 5. went to a socialite party in chelsea (think 40 year old investment bankers) and ate free sushi and chanpagne all night and talked to amazing...and some amazingly boring people 6.met the MAN on the asian contagion (think economics) who was also the economic consltant for the clinton admin and is one of the head econ guys at the IMF...hes huge and i want to be him 7.went for a 15 mile run today and its was sooo much fun because other people went with me for the whole time (yay) 8. watching the O.C. and i'm out. will blog to you later

 well hello. I am back. Kinda. I have officially decided that i AM DYING. Yes I AM DYING. I am in the most pain i have ever been in and it sucks. Everybody who told me my surgery was no big deal was completely lying to me. I am supposed to have been able to walk since the first day. I have been on crutches since thursday and cannot walk if my life depended on it. I have REAL LIVE CANKLES... my foot is swollen i have the weirdest looking bruises all over my leg i have to take 2 hydrocodone every 4 hours to feel semi alive and i have massive bruises under my arms from the crutches. Oh yeah and my throat feels like death... app. anasthesia gives you the worst sore throat you will EVER experience. Mike has had to take care of me every minute since thursday and today he has work so how i am going to survive i do not know! But i do have to study my ass off for my algebra midterm which i do not know how im going to do when im high off my codone. I will tell you my adventure. This is the story of when 3 holes pick to live in a knee and find out what happens when you stop feeling alive and start gettin real... painful. so thursday i woke up at 8:00 am and mike drove me to the PSC medical center. There i sat in the waiting room for about an hour waiting and waiting and waiting. Suddenly Kelvin Kato, a center for the Houston Rockets, walks in all tall and rich and signs in and goes STRAIGHT into his appointment. I guess celebrities dont have to wait. Anyway so finally i get called in and i have to take "all my clothes off except my panties" ... the nurse made it seem like a big treat to get to leave my "panties" on... i was like THANKS. Anyway so i put on my gown... (no mess ups this time. haha) and my little hair net thingy and laid down. All the sudden this gigantic nurse who looked like a man with a wig on comes up to me with a needle and just sticks it in my hand.. no warning.... she was like "wow you have some good veins" ... thanks... i guess. And then she goes "here comes your margarita" i guess this was the beginning stages of my Anasthesia. Anyway so here i am getting poked with all kinds of needles and the doctors and nurses dont tell me anything.. normally you would think they would tell you what is going to happen with the surgery or at least clue you in that they are about to stick an IV in you. But no... nothing. (PS Kelvin Cato is right next to me getting his arm checked up). Ok so then after gettin drunk off that "margarita" (it really makes you drunk, haha!) they rolled me into this FREEZING room (REALLY FREEEZING) and they injected me with something that felt like ice going up my veins. After that i remember NOTHING. Its weird how i have 3 hours of my life that i have no recolection of. So anyway i wake up all groggy at about 12:30 and the nurse is looking at me laughing and telling me i have to get up. And my knee is in pain. So i kinda wake up and i get dressed and mike meets me and starts talking to me. Apparantley i fell asleep every 5 seconds. He said he asked me a question and i started talking then just fell asleep.. then like 15 seconds later i woke up and finsihed my sentence. haha.. This i dont remember. So i guess i continued to go in and out of sleep all the way home... the next thing i know i am laying my bed and feeling like shit. The rest of that day i really slept. Seriously think i slept for 24 hours. It felt good. And i was still tired when i woke up. Ok so the next day was the worst! I had to get up at 7 am to go up to the school to do rehab with the trainers. This was very painful.... i had to do all kind of excersizes which hurt so bad i actually started crying.. infront of football players. Very embarassing. So they let me stop early.... then i had to go to class! I walked or... crutched all the way to class on the other side of campus and it took me a good 45 minutes to get there. When i did get there i was all sweaty and all the seat were taken so i had to GO DOWN THE STAIRS to the front row of seats. No one even offered to a) open the door b) let me sit in their seat. People suck. Anyway i was on my codone so i was practically falling asleep in all my classes. That night i was tired of layin around so i went to the Rice Track meet with mike CLos and T.... on the way there i threw up in the car... it was sick. IT was like black puke..... i dont know why i threw up i guess something made me sick. But after that i felt better and i finally felt like i could eat. I had only eaten a bight of a sandwich all day. OMG craziness came into RunSport that night..... (runsport is the running store mike and CLos work at) anyway so we were just sitting in there talking and they were about to close.. it was 6:28 and this obviously gay man walks in really fast. In my head i was thinking.. great another man who likes to come in right before close and not buy anything. But he walked by me and goes... "hey i hurt my knee.. dislocated it" and then keeps walking. So i fake laugh and said cool and thought that was it. Well then he decided that i was someone he could talk to. So he comes up to me and starts telling me all this weird stuff and talking really fast. He says he is being chased by the FBI and 3 people are trying to kill him and shows me some scars on his wrist from shots the police injected him with. Then he starts talking about verticle horizon and how it makes him cry when he listens to it. THEN he starts singing it and crying! ANd poor me i couldnt get up and walk away because of my knee... so im just sitting there kinda laughing. And then he starts talking about all these people that i dont know and how they arent his real friends... and how britney spears and him both do gymnastics and how she did gymnastics in her toxic video but he is not supposed to tell anyone. He also said Mickey Mouse is really supposed to be called Mortimar and Walt Disney killed marylin monroe. This guy WAS CRAZY. Then mike and CLos came over to me to save me and then he started talking to them. He talked for at least 20 minutes... we were all just shocked at this man. He was seriously the craziest person i have ever seen. I cant even describe it to yall... i wish i had filmed it or something. Anyway we finally kicked him out and he left. IT was funny yet kinda scary. Ok sorry had to fill yall in on that. But yesterday still gimp and hurting but we went to the Klein Relays to watch kelcee run. She did awesome she got 5:04 in the mile and won it! I visited Yates and Reidel.. (my HS coaches for yall who dont know) ... and it was fun. But i also fell down the stands on my crutches which was not cool. Today i woke up at 6 am because i couldnt sleep and my leg hurts. STILL. 4 days later and i still cant walk. Doctors lied to me.... i hate them. But anyway hopefully i dont die today because this is the first day i dont have anyone to help me... so i think i might just be in bed all day. And i wont eat.. but i havent really eaten in the past 4 days anyway because i think my medicine makes me not hungry. Oh yeah the doctors gave me ambien too which is sleeping pills. They are awesome. RIGHT when you take em you pass out... soo cool. Ok well this is relaly long and i dont know if i made any sense because of my drugs... but i will post a more enlightening and hopefully happier blog when i can. I will take pics of my leg so yall can see the cankles and bruises. Thanks Heather for the Card... app. i can answer a few quesitons in NOT A LOT OF TIME. haha Awesome. Late HOLLA

 HOLLA here's my 2 for the night on tee ideas... it's for all you runners out there... it'll say: YOUR PACE OR MINE?! haha!

 HOLLA..... hi this is kristin, dena's friend. another shirt idea. you know how on south park there's the little black kid named "Token" ? (like, on every t.v. show now with a bunch of white people there's always one 'token' black/asian person to make it 'diverse.' ) well, i think it would be funny to make t-shirts that say 'Token Black Guy' or 'Token White Girl' or 'Token Blonde' or whatever other thing you can think of. hahaha. later:)

 HOLLa.....my friend kristin has a shirt idea for us: red maple leaf (ie, canada) and a no smoking circle thing over it (like no canadians) well, yeah....later

 HOLLA betsy, although it was prob. very embarrassing to have your shorts rip like that......that's VERY FUNNY! i wish i could have been there. here's some news......you know hot guy that i mentioned earlier? well, i introduced him to my friend meagan and they ended up running into eachother at a bar and made out.....strange coincidence? haha....i couldn't beleive it. maybe that'll blossom into something...haha..i said blossom. sue, what's going on with you? any good boy stories? i'm running a 5k this weekend! i plan on winning it with jaime....we're gonna try in step over the line at exactly the same time so we can tie...haha...that'll be fun. heather, this summer we're def. having the holla blog get together....it'll be fun....and include some drinks. i think we should have an official blogsite drink.....i recommend several things: beer: blue moon cider: hornsby's mixed drink: blue rasberry or green apple martinis -or- long islands -or-white russians liquor: don't like shots so much these days so can't pic that well, i'm out...but please give your imput so we can have an official holla blog drink. dena

 HOLLA Ok I'm tired so this is gonna be quick. What is going on in my life, you ask? Well here it is: The other day I was in the weight room doing squats. I bent down to do squat #872 and pop! My shorts split right up my ass. It's official! I'm a cow. Next, I'm making a sculpture eight feet tall. It's gonna rule! You're gonna be able to crawl into it. Yay!! Shawna I didn't know you were going into surgery but I hope they get rid of that plica shit. Out bitches!

 HOLLA...good luck in surgery tomorrow shawna. sorry guys...i still don't have time to write anything...but heather....i loved your story about the festive people....funny stuff. lata, dena

 HOLLA....shawna, jaime h. wants in on the blogging....so if you want to invite her her email address is: jlhiggin@indiana.edu so, yeah. anyways, i have absolutely no time to write anything good on here...but i'll get back to you all later. d.

 well well well... look who finally decides to blog... EVERYONE. Lemme tell you, there's nothing more depressing than BLOGGING TO YOURSELF FOR OVER A WEEK! I was planning on "getting my revenge" since I'm on Spring Break now, and not blog for the next 10 days, but no on would notice, and besides i'm a loser and need to blog about all the not fun things i'm gonna do this week. I'm glad i didn't miss out on much in HTown... but this just means that come summer we must par-tay... let's go to vegas, or something! even if just for a weekend... or maybe Mt. Rushmore! that would be fun... jk! so, i had a very embarrassing moment last week... i had to go work @ the shoe store and i was already running late, but i "really needed" my tall skinny decaf vanilla latte from Sydney's Cafe nearby, so i quickly ran in to get one before work. Now, the day was beautiful, and i'm wearing my cute white extra-flowy, extra-mini skirt and lookin' hot! Unfortunately, it was EXTRA-WINDY, and if y'all have ever worn a skirt like that, you know that any wind just sends the skirt flying up like a hot air balloon... well, this of course happenend to me, and it was right as i was walking down Pearl Street Mall, which was fairly empty except for the two different groups of men who you DEFINITELY don't want lookin' at your scanties (well, unless you're dena, of course): One, the very "FESTIVE" construction workers on my left (*see below for definition of "festive"), and two, the criminal jailbirds in their bright yellow suits doing community service cleanup on my right! So of course i freak out when my skirt goes flying up and scramble to hold it down, but in doing so, i TOTALLY spill my latte all over the front of my skirt! Now, all eyes on me, since i'm the only person walking the mall, and I'm so embarrassed and the wind picks up, and good think i had on regular panties and not a thong... (oh, and they were my cute green ones since it WAS st. patrick's day, thankyouverymuch) Next thing i know, i hear all this whistling, and I'm not talking whistling wind, here... So i run into the nearest alley and evaluate the situation. I'm late for work, i can't go in with coffee spilled all on the front of my WHITE skirt, but i don't have time to go home and change. So i think fast, and luckily The Pulse (the gym where i workout) is right next to the coffee shop where i got my latte! I go in, run into the women's locker room, take my skirt off and start scrubbing the coffee stains out of it. meanwhile, all these women keep coming in and there's me, standing in my green panties washing my skirt in the sink! LOL i finally get most of the stains out, and then i spend the next 10 minutes drying my skirt with a blowdryer! haha! thank God for the gym! I got it mostly dry and then decided it was good enough and i had better get to work. So, I swallowed my pride, held my chin high, and re-walked past the festive construction workers and the criminal jailbirds... what a morning! haha! this is a story with many morals: think fast in emergency situations, wear panties you're proud of, and give the boys a good show!! *FESTIVE: the story behind the PC term "Festive" is this... a few years ago my Mom's dad moved into a new, cheaper apartment on the south side of town. Translation: low-income housing. My mom helped him move in, and when i saw her next, i asked her what his new place was like... She's like, "Oh, it's very nice... really spacious... nice view..." blah blah blah... and then she says, "Oh, and he has some very FESTIVE neighbors... they seem nice, but they only speak Spanish..." So "FESTIVE" is basically the PC term for any persons of Hispanic/Latino decent. LOL! Gotta luv moms, you know?! dena, sucks to go from warm tropical weather to freezing blizzards! it's actually been really nice here with high's in the low to mid 70's. (i am such a weather girl!) Oh, i was gonna post the pics from my b-day of all us girls walking in the blizzard in heels, but i haven't gotten around to it yet. maybe i'll go do that now. but in the meantime, I posted some of my other pics on my Yafro site. It's urlLink heathercapri.yafro.com if you wanna see 'em. I still have to post my bday pics, and bunch others, but it's a start... Shawna - luv the new pics! You and Dena doin' the SEXY POSE THING is HOT! and yeah, that "beach" looks a little sketchy with all the graffiti and what not. cute suit, though! sue, you're sexy. i rarely even DRIVE 20 miles... and that usually takes a good three hours right there! haha! Betsy, Beer Bike sounds like a drunken blast! the only school-wide event CU has to look forward to is 4:20, where the whole campus gathers on Farrand Field at 4:20pm on April 20th to smoke it up... i don't know how that's legal. but they do it every year... haha! too bad i don't smoke pot... Well, chicas, luv that you're back! i feel whole again. alright, i'm gone with the wind [up my skirt]... Heather

 HEY YA. Y'all have missed me. I can tell... there is a certain melancholy feel to this blog and it's because i have been missed. Oh well just so you all know i missed you too..... except heather. She stole my man.... so heartbreaking, if you cant even trust your lover... i mean cousin... who can you trust?!?! LOL LYLAS JK SISTA.... i missed you too heather. And we did not have the Annual Holla Blogga Party yet for your sake... so let's all plan out a place and a time and we will do it. Preferabley in the summer! Well Ill fill you all in on the summary of my spring break 2004 WOOOOOO HOOOOO ROAD TRIP. ok anyway, started out driving down to padre island with urlLink katie jessica and her gay buddy jeff... who was delightfully hilarious i might add. He made the trip fo sho because he wasnt gettin any action in Straightsville USA and I wasn't looking seeing that I have Mike Michael Michaelson back in h-town..so he and I kinda just watched Katie and Jessica prowl all the men in South Padre (which were all very sleezy and ugly men). REWIND... before we got to Padre we went to Chorpus Christie for a night. While we were there katie and I were going to the bathroom which was conveniently located by this trashy bar. Katie and I, for some reason were not wearing any shoes.... but these people told us to come in the bar. So i didnt know what they were saying so we walked in (with no shoes) and this guy goes.... WELCOME 16 YEAR OLDS... which really pissed me off (maybe because i was a bit tipsy and felt like a hard ass) So I said "Screw You" and walked out. Ohh im such a badass. Haha.. not really but it was funny cause all the people made that "ooooooh" noise afterward. Now in the hotel room we had really fancy urlLink curtains ....take a look at that pic... isnt that the funniest thing ever?!?! Can we say Ghetto? Anyway back to story... We arrive in Padre which is NOT SUNNY at all... sooo stupid. But we decided to make the best of it. We pretty much just hung out in the hot tub the whole time which at one point was filled with us and 30 MILLION high school students from lamar who decided to squeeze in the tub with us... bringing their beer a long. They were annoying to say the least. Anyway so that was padre in a nut shell..... Then i went home and saw family for a few days ...... blah blah blah... saw sue, talked of RPW coming after me and killing me and me getting run over by a car so sue could stay in H-Town to go to my funeral. Then me dena c-los and mike went to Galveston. It was lots and lots of fun.... we just went swimmin in the heated pool most of the time because it was a bit chilly but the last day it was like 85 degrees so we went to the beach and got all got really sunburned. Dena and mike used my chapstick baby suntan lotion so they both got splotchy hahahha. Mike has zebra stripes on his back. Good Job CLOS! (He "rubbed" it in). We also played lots of frisbee and went to the movies. While we were at wal-mart mike let me use a dollar to play that crane game where you try and grab stuffed animals..... well my second try I got the coolest one ever... its my urlLink Metrosexual Kid Andre 2000 ..... isn't it cute... i threw it on the ground so it lost part of its eye.... oops. Anyway spring break was very fun and you can see all my PICS by clicking urlLink HERE So im getting surgery this thursday and i decided that since im already gettin my damn plica removed it doesnt matter how much i damage it... so today i went running. Of course with my shirt on because God knows how yucky my body looks now that i havent run in 3 months. But anyway i pretty much limped the whole way and was only able to run 20 minutes... it was too hard!!! But at least i did something. I also have BRAND NEW nike shox... they are silver and "carnation" which is pretty much silver and pink. They are kick ass... i am kick ass. Anyway i would love to finish my novel blog but i must go to a meeting with my advisor. I will make this novel blog into a novel "series" ..... there will be many more series to come. So i will be back lata. oooooooout! HOLLA

 HOLLA....you know what's funny...i actually don't say y'all either..but sometimes i feel like maybe i might start saying it cuz it is A LOT EASIER....just like all you girls! (haha jk). heather....don't feel like you're the only person to see snow....cuz yesterday i am in houston getting on the plane in a tank top and sandals enjoying the 77degree weather at 6am....and then as we start landing in indy, i notice blizzard like weather outside of the plane......:((( LAME. yes, it is colder here now than it was when i left for texas. betsy, how did we not see eachother again???? well, i know how...i don't have a car over there....shawna's my ride. it's true...so whatever she does.....i do. and i just want to be like her cuz she's so cool w/ her beetle and mac. sorry i couldn't make rent.....i wanted to but again...the whole ride thing. did you like it? sue, you so should have not gone back to london b/c you missed out on some good old galveston fun. (besides the fact that i was sick the whole time)....there was some good frisbee action...i have several scrapes from diving to catch the frisbee to prove it. good times good times. shawna, thanks for the shoes....jaime will LOVE them...trust me. how's your sunburn coming along....my freakish looking spots went away.....don't use 'chapstick' sun block b/c it doesn't come on even and you get spots on your skin....it's true. angela, good seeing you! (if you read this ever). heather.....i loved your stories and novel blog.....very entertaining.....and my fav. is the pic. of your mullet!! haha....good stuff. alright, i'm gonna go now and start some hw.....talk you yall later. dena

 the sun came up at 525--whats with that. actually it made me very happy because it was easy to wake up at 545 and go on my THREE HOUR RUN. because i ran twenty miles this morning, i have to go lie down. BUT i wanted to let everyone know a few things before i start (officially) my day. even though i only saw you guys for a little this break--I LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU ALL!!! (excluding angela and heather because yall just dont make the cut) i am on my five week spring break--too bad im expected to stdy for six hours everyday--actually i am very excited about this becase i get to embrace my nerdom and prepare to kick some british ass when finals come. i feel as if my preformance represents America as the super power nation state that it is. there is a whole charlie dilemma that i need to ask you about but i will write later. my ass and quads hurt i am learning about peasants today--woohoo til later...think of me

 HOLLA Heather, don't be sad. I actually saw Sue once, and I didn't see Dena or Shawna at all! This is mostly due to the fact that I am also out of spring break. Awwww fuck it...hold on E true Hollywood Story's on...ok well, one good thing to come out of this is that Beer Bike was this weekend!! This is my favorite holiday...Rice holiday that is. The whole campus starts drinking at 8am and there's a school-wide water balloon fight and then there's a huge bike race. This year I was one of the bikers...we (Martel, my college) came in fourth, which is really good for us b/c we're the newest college. Other news...I'm on a healthy kick. That's right folks. I've been dragging ass in practice and it's time to put in the commitment. So I've decided to eat healthy and drink, yes it's true, moderately. I'm now the responsible girl. At least for a good six months. Shit. More news that you won't care about, well Sue might care b/c she's getting one...I finished my series with the steel/welding pieces. I made four of them Sue so you get to take your pick. I'm really excited b/c tomorrow I'm starting a new piece...I think it's gonna be made out of wood and it's definitely gonna be huge. Hopefully it'll end up looking phallic. That is all.

 Dear Diary, Please help. I feel so left out right now. All I ever do is try to be cool and fit in, and I thought I was until everyone went to the Annual Holla Blogga Get-Together in HTown without me. True, I couldn't go since I had school this week, but STILL! They could have at least planned it for a time when ALL of us could be there... it's like they purposely planned it for the one week when I couldn't go. They all say I'm their friend, but now I'm having major doubts. What "friend" would do something like this to me? And the worst part of all of this is that I think Shawna schemed the whole thing. I know she's mad at me for stealing Robbie's heart... it's not like it was MY fault he cheated on her! And HE was the one to spill the beans so she found out! He was like, "Wow, your cousin's a cutie. i swear i've met her somewhere before... oh yeah, naked in bed with her, how could i forget?" OMG, he can be such a dumbass sometimes! So now she's all pissy at me, and I just know she said something to the other girls to make them all turn against me. I don't know why she's still mad, though! i mean, i GAVE HIM BACK to her... and that wasn't easy, especially since i had already told my entire family that i finally met Mr. Right! So of course i had to give g-ma the low-down on our relationship today. she's like, "Vell, i tot dat you vould be trilled ven da two of you broke up." i was like, "no, you stupid bitch! i was MISERABLE when we f*cking broke up!!" and then i bitch-slapped her across the face. Oh, Diary, why does this always happen to ME???? What do I do?? Write back soon! Loooooooove, Heather p.s. Do you think i'm pretty, Diary? be honest! circle: YES or NO

 HOLLA you guys all suck and i'm bitter. not fair.

 holla. i am alone . i am utterly alone. by the time you read this, i will be gone, having jumped having plummeted off the River Winter Bridge... (-Lydia Deetz, Beetlejuice) But seriously, y'all, wtf?! Here I am in colorado, and all y'all are livin' it up, having the time of your lives at the Annual Holla Blogga Get-Together in HTown. without me. how depressing. I seriously almost bought a plane ticket last minute to come fly there for the weekend! but it's way too expensive. so i thought about driving there, but it would be a 1137.3-mile drive and take 17 hrs. and 29 min. (Yeah, i looked it up on Yahoo Maps...) So, it wouldn't be that big of a problem if my spring break were this week, but mine's not till NEXT week. boo :( Well, my lame excuse for not posting in OVER A WEEK (damn!!) is that the shoe store where I've worked on and off for the past 5 years with my brother and sister is going out of business, and they needed a ton of help for their closing sale. They've been in business for 97 years! Anyway, i said i'd work ONE DAY, and somehow i got roped into working almost every day for the last week! They've been SO busy! On the first day of the sale, they more than doubled their best day ever in 97 years! haha! anyway, i know it's a lame excuse, but it's the truth. and then this weekend was my friend rachel's birthday, and there will be some crazy stories to come, but it just seems like i've been go go go lately... well, here we go: catch-up time. i already know this is gonna be a novel-blog, so i apologize ahead of time. But since y'all are gonna be together, how bout you pop some popcorn, curl up around the computer, and have a little story time. Sue, you can be the reader/storyteller, since you probably have the most reading experience of all of us. it'll be fun! So, since i've been working at the shoe store, i've been taking advantage of their great sales and deals. i bought four pairs of shoes and three more for daniel. i don't know how many my mom bought... plus, she's all sentimental and keeps buying their antique typewriters and things! she even bought one of those stool things that you sit on and the customer puts their foot on the ramp part and you help them put their shoes on!! WHY?? i have no idea. she seriously cries every time she comes in. it's slightly embarassing. haha! Anyway, they pay me so much to sell shoes. I get $11.50/hr so i'm makin' bank right now. jeff makes even more! he's on commission... and i swear, all our female customers, especially the middle-aged and old ones, LOVE MY BROTHER! They'll buy anything and everything he shows them! It's rediculous. And they're all-smiles when he helps them; i swear he puts a spell on him. he's such an Al Bundy! Today I treated Rachel to a pedicure at the best spa in Boulder for her birthday. it's my favorite place and they give AMAZING pedicures, so of course i got one too! they really pamper you at this place. we're talking plush robes and comfy spa sandals and fresh fruit and water and tea at every corner! it's so relaxing. definitely worth the $$$. and on wednesday i got a manicure at my favorite *CHEAP-O* nail salon down the street from a short vietnamese man with ZERO facial hair... didn't speak english. but, he did a nice job. i got my usual, a french. unfortunatley, it's already starting to chip. i have the shoe store to blame for that. I almost splurged on the AIRBRUSHED DESIGN look, but changed my mind last minute. Seriously, who still gets their nails airbrushed with palm trees and zig-zags and camaros?? Can you say TACKY??? And as you know, i also recently got my hair cut/colored, like i said i was going to. it came out nice, but it's still not what i wanted. I swear, no matter what i tell the stylist (and it's a different person every time), my hair always comes out more or less the same. it's hopeless. no one even noticed, and that's the WORST. they didn't even notice the cut, and i got a good four inches off. at least it's not as bad as the time i went to Great Clips. NEVER go to Great Clips! I wouldn't even have gone, but it was the night before thanksgiving and everywhere else was closed, and I was desperate to get a trim cause we were having a huge family portrait taken the next dat at Thanksgiving. Big Mistake. She finishes the "trim" and then was like, "Oh, i notice you have some layers in front... would you like me to touch them up for you?" and i was like, nooo, better not, in my head, but then the cheap side of me was like, hell, i'm paying for it, may as well. So she takes her scissors, makes two distinct chunks in front, then FEATHERS my hair all the way to the back! I left with a frickin' MULLET. yeah. here's me after getting home and crying at the sight of urlLink my new mullet . keep in mind that this was more than 3 years ago, so please excuse the out of control eyebrows... haha! So, i had to pin my hair back for many months until my mullet grew out. not fun. i would love to be tanning everyday, but there's been no sun. it faked me out with a super nice day in the 70s, but then snow the next. therefore, ladies, i too attempted the ever-so-popular bottle tan... and now i can officially say that i'm tripple-toned. take that, biotches! i win. fake tans suck. real tans are pimp but they kill you. there's no way we'd make it to party in 2099... even with the advances in bio-tech, we'd all have skin cancer and be dead by then fo' shizzle. especially dena, that tanning whore... and with me and shawna's mentality of getting super crispy red, cause in a day or two, it'll turn to a nice golden brown and all will be well! haha! we are so gonna get skin cancer! i take that back. i claim my health in the name of jesus. (we've been saying that a lot lately... whenever we feel a cold coming on, or any other sign of ailment. so far it's been working marvelously. speaking of Jesus, still haven't seen passion of the christ... but still really want to...) shawna, i'm not THAT "long". only 5'7". is that long? how tall are y'all?? (Haha, repeat that to yourself: tall/y'all...) oh, and just so y'all know, i don't really say "y'all" when i talk. very rarely at least. (Unless i'm around dena/shawna -- they bring it out in me). It's just so much faster to type "y'all" than "you guys" or "all of you" or the worst, "all of you guys"... you know?!! Betsy, LOVE the cancun stories... and screw those assholes. we all know how sexy you are. and for the record, i LIKE the picture of you on here, but it's oh-so easy to swap... Girls, your assignment for this week is to get betsy trashed (i know, not a very difficult assignment) and then dress her up like a hoodrat hoochie mama -- well, not skanky, but sexy. take her pic, send it to me, and i'll put it in place of the one that's there now. actually, all of you take new sexy pictures this week and send 'em to me. i'll just have to live vicariously thru pictures since i can't be there with all of you guys y'all. haha! Betsy, you're hot and i know it. if you weren't, shawna never would have invited you to be on this blog. cause she's shallow like that. JK LOL LUV YA SISTA. Sue, i've never had a frozen coochie, but you may be onto something! we could totally market it this summer! We'll have lemonade stands and offer frozen coochies and sno-cones as an ice cold refreshment! i think it'd sell! dena, you rock! it's just like me to go half a semester in a class, bomb the midterm (or in your case, sleep thru it), and then drop out! haha! sucks to be us sometimes... any word from rpw? kinda sketchy how he just up and bolted... maybe he plagarized his entire blog and got caught... lol, jk. he is scandalous, that's for sure. regan, if you're reading this, and i know you are, you were fun while you lasted; thanks for noticing us and liking us... well girls, i'm very bitter that i'm not in Htown right now, but what can you do? Shawna- sorry about the fake phone call from the Houston airport! I just wanted to fit in and be there like everyone else! Sorry for making you get out of the hot tub in Padre to stand in the freezing cold in your bikini just so you could call my ass back for nothing! i am such a bitch. LOVE YOU GIRLS! DO ME PROUD THIS WEEK AND POST AS YOU GO! I WANNA HEAR ALL THE STORIES!!! Happy Spring Break! Loooooooove, Heather

 HOLLA crasies. Ok for some reason most of my classes are three hours long. I was sitting through one of them on Wed. night, thinking about scrotum hair, when all of the sudden I hear, "Who will plow my vulva?" come out of my male professor's mouth. He was reading an excerpt from the stories regarding the goddess Inana (sp?), who is a deity from the ancient city of Uruk, which I believe is in modern-day Iraq. Apparently she is the goddess of love-making, and the "kissing of the phallus." I love Rice. I can't wait to see you bastards! Sue am I still going to the wedding? If so, what are the plans? Call me.

 HOLLA so now i actually have some time to write to my fellow bloggies.....man...that sounds like some kind of documentary (eg: trekkies----wow, that dentist was crazy). sue/betsy...have ya'll seen HOHB: hands on a hard body? i know heather is in the club of viewers....actually she has all their autographs and is the president of the HOHB fan club....i know b/c i wanted to be prez. but just couldn't compete. well, sorry, but these are the kinds of things i say when i haven't slept at all. i'm so mad...i went to this yum breakfast place at 6:30 to get some pancakes before my test this morning but they don't open til 7:00---JERKS.....now i know how the old people feel who want to get to those buffets bright and early in the morning and the place is CLOSED (you know like on southpark.....the one where the old people were killing everyone cuz they couldn't drive). well, it was funny so i suggest watching it if you get a chance. oh, if any of you ever watch the dave chapelle show.....the E true hollywood story part is hillarious...and every time he goes into a club....there's that same black guy dancing the 'robot' with his huge eyes rolled to teh back of his head.....it's hillarious. watch it.....YOU'LL LIKE IT. heather, where are you? i haven't heard any good stories about the "mean hussinas" or anything lately. well, i honestly have nothing to say and am obviously babbling so i'll end this now. i'm gone like RPW's blogsite, dena

 HOLLA....see you guys tomorrow night! finally done w/ my damn molecular test....i def. didn't go to bed last night....oops. SUE....you better make the plane! dena

 i have to be up an don a trian to get to the airport at 6 am tomorrow--odds are ill still be drunk. HOWEVER, i dont even know if im going to be able to get on the damn train because i lost my $100 bill that was my money but away to get me to the airport--as of now i have 38p to my name--i hope i have rich friends that are willin ot spot me some flow so i can come home and see my bloggas, i have to poo. later

 HOLLA...that is funny...we should head over to austin for the blogger party....we would officially be huge nerds BUT there are FREE DRINKS AND T-SHIRTS (both of which i LOVE) so hey, i can handle being a dork. shawna, i am two toned as well....i went tanning (at a salon) last week and the first time i went i didn't get any color so the next time i went when the lady asked if i wanteda stronger bed i said....HELL YEAH. well, turns out i fell asleep in there and got some 3rd degree burns or something and couldn't sleep on my back for 2 nights.....well, now i have some lovely spots on my back from peeling....it's actually pretty nasty looking. well, i showed a couple friends and after their initial shock from the sight...they said it's NOT THAT BAD. ---THANKS A LOT FRIENDS (yeah....i have friends that shawna didn't make for me...can you beleive it?) also, i am gonna take organic chem. 2 at UH this summer cuz it's a lot cheaper than taking it here..that's why we'll be going to school together. i'm gonna be a coug...GO COUGS! haha. maybe i should come run on your track team...don't your 800 runners suck? if so, then i should fit right in. sue, betsy....i CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU GUYS......especially since i didn't even get to see betsy at christmas...what's up w/ that. sue....LONG RUNS?! any of you wanna do a 400 workout w/ me? it's ok if you don't...but i need to do one (like 16 400's) and it would help if someone else ran it too. heather, you should make your way to h-town b/c that would be so fun to have the whole blogging crew around (i dont know about angela....where are you?). either way have a great spring break! i have a test tomorrow morning (yes friday morning before spring break) at 7:30am....BOO...so i am gonna go continue my studies...talk to you all later ~ dena

 Sorry. I realize i haven't blogged in 50 bazillion years. BUT i have an excuse i swear... pick from the following: *I gave blogging up for lent even though im not catholic and dont know what lent is *I have been sharing a hole with saddam hussein in the middle east and just escaped this morning *My dog ate my blogs *My fingers fell off so i couldnt type.... I just got my prosthetic fingers in the mail today... hooray *I am super duper lazy Anyway i told you i had an excuse. Now lets all forget the past and focus on the future. Did yall see that blog party in austin?!?!? FREE DRINKS and better yet FREE TSHIRTS. holy macaroni we should road trip it to austin fo sho! P.S i did say holy macaroni because its f*ckin cool. So im totally excited to see everyone saturday..... especially betsy i feel like i never get to see you since you moved on the other side of town. LOL GF. But really we are going to party like its 2099. You know what is sad.. we will all be dead in 2099..... unless with the increasing medical technology the average life span might all of the sudden increase to 120 years. Which i think is totally do-able. In jesus days they did it. Heather you should come to h-town this week.... its going to be BLOGGA PARTYIN fo shizzle. We will have our Annual Holla Blogga Get together. Which begins officially this year according to me the queen of blogging. We can make tshirts. And sell them... to eachother. haha. Anyway my point is COME TO HTOWN BITCH. So i have been tanning every day since saturday.... the weather is fantastic.... 85 degree afternoons. I go out to the pool every day after class. Of course i am completely 3rd degree burning but the point is there is a 50 % chance it will turn into a tan. That is all i ask.... "so youre saying there's a chance" Sorry had to throw a dumb and dumber quote in there. Anyway yeah so today i was tanning and app. the sun was only shining on the left side of my body because ... the left side of my body is COMPLETELY RED... while the right side is just semi red. There is an obvious difference... i knew all the people in my class were judging me... "always watching, judging, look at the sunburn look at the sunburn"..... so yeah. i have two skin tones which i heard is the new cool thing to do anyway..so it looks like i lucked out. Dual skin tones is the new Single skin tone. today i went to wendys. i was going to end my story there but then i decided not to...so i was standing behind this REALLY TALL girl...like abnormal tall and the little girl and her mom next to me were walking by and the little girl goes.. "Dat girl is long Momma" and her mom goes... "Honey she is TALL not LONG" haha i was cracking up...so now i am going to call tall people LONG because the opposite of long is short right? So if someone calls me short i can call them long... unless of course they are short then i have to call them short. But you get my point. Heather you are long. when i was walking to class this morning the wind was blowing approximatley 190 miles per hour.... which isn't TOO BAD. but then the leaves start coming... oh yeah it was a total leaf storm. I mean i was covered in em. Not only were they leaves but they were fall leaves that have been on the ground for months.... all brown and hard...so the edges were sharp as hell... so think of being hit by a million knives...thats what it was like. Ok maybe knives is a little extreme... but think of plastic knives.. they can hurt too. Anyway that was a pointless story. So i got a 68 on my sociology test which i spent a thousand hours studying for. But i felt better knowing 85 percent of the class got the same grade as me..... only TWO people got a's!!! There are 300 people in my class.. and one person got a 100 which is gay because he wont curve the test because of that ONE person.... my prof is a lesbian.... better yet he is a male lesbian. Now the highest grade i can get in there is an 86.... boooo. Now i cant get a 4.0 and my whole life is over. Or not. WELL here is the scoop: thursday and friday night mike and I have this condo in galveston... he won it from a race he did. Anyway it accomidates 6 people but if anybody wants to join you can. You might have to sleep on top of me but that is kind of what i was going for anyway. Because i like people sleeping on top of me. Its my favorite thing. So if youre in...call. Or blog. HMMM i think i have nothing more to say unfortunately ... you would think that since i have been away for SOOO Long i would have more interesting news.. but i do not. Besides bunking up with saddam my life is pretty boring. Bets...love your cancun tales. I mentally pictured everything and laughed and laughed and laughed.... i especially got a mental picture of you hugging jaques.... that is such a besty thing. Dena. See you saturday. Why are you going to school with me? Heather. BLOG. COme to texas. Sue. YAY YOU GET TO SEE ME SOON. and tejas is WARM unlike frozen coochy london Rpw wtf happened to your blog?! LONG gone like a LONG person going somewhere..... HOLLA

 HOLLA....sue i think you make a great point about toilet paper....and they shouldn't give away the free toilet paper like what you get in school (where it's so thin it's see through)--that stuff is so cheap and crappy, but i guess it's better than NO tp. i hate buying toilet paper. actually i am studying like CRAZY right now for a molecular test i have on friday morning at 7:30 (boo to the morning crap)...but at least after that i'll be done and i am going out to the bars that night....before my lovely flight home to h-town. sue, i can't wiat to hear your stories....and i can't wait to see you in 4 days!! woo hoo! we HAVE to go to star pizza to get the CHICAGO STYLE pizza...mmmmmm. finally, the secret's out. well, i really have to go get a lab done so i'm out. dena PS: i think rpw is gone...the blog disappeared....prob. mad about those canadian comments

 HOLLA??? where is everyone. i refuse to believe that people are studying or too busy because of spring break or blah blah blah.... NO, i will not stand for this lack of blogging. i have plenty of emabarrasing and self deprecating stories that i would love to tell but until i see some interest on our little blog here, there will be no stories, no stories. now, i DO however want to leave you with this little insight...i drink a lot of (diet) coke. i find that this is a waste of money. and the reasons are two fold. one,i drink at least 5 litres a day (which amonts to 2.65 pounds...i drink the off brand). but thats not the part that breaks the bank...its the piss. i pee sooo much that im im sure that im just flushing money down the toilet. toilet paper = money. this is why guys have it better off. they can jst wiggle and shake and BAM! theyre done...no no no, i need to wipe otherwise its soggy down there and would probably end up freezing because its so damn cold outside and where would that leave me? with a frozen coochie thats where. so, in conclusion, toilet paper should be a pblic convenience and offered for free. or at least, free with each liquid purchase. thank you, vote suzanne.

 HOLLA whos going to be in hoston on saturday?? meeeeeeeeeee. organic sucks new jersey sucks canada sucks (excluding rpw of course, even though hes got some shady plagiarism under his belt....just cite the sources man!) cold suck periods suck april mims does not and will be home this weekend waking up sucks soviet economic preformance in the late 1950s to the late 1980s sucks (apparently) this blog sucks late

 HOLLA....so, i definately slept through my organic chemistry test last friday morning...yeah, wehn i woke up i thought i was dreaming that the test was just finishing, but no, it REALLY was. oops. well, i decided to drop the class so i'm gonna try to take it UH this summer....they'll accept a credit from austin community college (could go there to school w/ katie--haha) so they BETTER accept a UH credit. well, yeah, that was my drama of the past week.....for some reason...i really don't care though...i really didn't like my teacher anyways and now i have a lot less hours to worry about. right now i'm jammin' to some good old fashioned Duke Ellington (for my history of jazz class). it's actually pretty good....sounds like music from Chicago (movie). betsy, WOW, that's some crazy stuff in cancun...sounds like fun....except for the assholes of course....that was pretty harsh about canadians. i don't have a problem w/ canadians, but i do have a problem w/ people from new jersey....i hate to reinstate teh whole stereotype, but from my experience the girls are all jewish prisses who never shut up and depend on thier daddy's money for their lovely suv's. (ok, well, that does sound a lot like us...but we're not jewish and we're not prisses....and i def. have a piece of crap car)...wow, i don't sound racist or anything. i would like a shirt that said "down w/ new jersey". well, i'm sure there are plenty of jersey ppl who are not like that but ALL of the ones i have met have been pretty annoying so i'm gonna have to classify all of them as ANNOYING. but yeah, those guys were from jersey so they must have been pretty stupid. shawna, we might go to school together...haha. oh yeah.....that stupid teddy rupskin...i was mad cuz you got it and i didn't.....aren't we always supposed to get the same EXACT presents every year just different colors? well, that's what i thought.....welll, with exception of tennis panties...haha...that was SO FUNNY! rpw......so was that whole plagiarism scandal you as well? that was popping up all over the place under your name.....WHAT HAPPENED? yes, shopping is great! except when you are completely broke...this christmas...i managed to get presents for 10 people with only $25.00....dont ask me how...well, me and shawna (both BROKE) split presents. all i can say is warm is great so that would def. be my first criteria for vacation=BEACH. put up pics. of your apt. and yourself so we can see what all the hype is about. sue, i remember you talking about adam davis in the past......you DID notice him a long time ago. ugh...speaking of the bitch twins....i looked at their big 10 conference track times and they're starting to get good again....so i am GONNA BEAT THEM....i should have a track meet in the middle of april.....all i have to do is beat IU and the radermachers...then my life will be complete. that means i need to run a 2:11 800. heather, how's your haircut? you should post a pic of your one REALLY GREAT haircut where you had 'layers'...that was so funny. good times good times. going home in 5 1/2 days!!!! can't wait to get out of this hell hole....no offense to those who like cold weather...but it is KILLING ME. oh, katie in the grocery store story to come..... alright, gotta go.... dena

 HOLLA Well sorry about that last night kiddies...anyway, I had a hell of a time in Cancun. Basically we laid out all day and went out at night. We used our friend's dad's Marriott points so we basically stayed at the Casa Magna Marriott for free (the exact same hotel Sue, Kathy, Bill, Kate, and I stayed at two years ago). Ok we went to DadyO's/ Dady Rock the entire time b/c they always had really good deals meaning cheap ways for us to get ridiculously drunk. First night- Got shitfaced at Dady Rock. By the way, I hate both of these names...for some reason they bug the shit out of me. I will now refer to Dady Rock as Crusty's and DadyO's as Cum Bomb. Ok so we got drunk at Crusty's and then we headed next door to Cum Bomb. Naturally I'm going nuts, just dancing with anything that has a dick. I dance mostly with this bald guy and make out with him. I honestly think I have this bizarre attraction to bald men. Something is wrong with me. Also some guy was dancing around with this huge plastic dildo...I dry humped it. Second night- Another night at Crusty's. Except tonight they have a "hot legs" contest. Marisa, followed by the rest of us, urged Droeger (her dad had the Marriott points, that's her last name by the way in case you couldn't tell) to enter into the contest b/c she has a flawless body. Being the great friends we are (not to mention we are gone by now), we (Lauren and I)scream obnoxiously when it's her turn, and we boo all the other girls b/c we are drunk and tactless. Well the guy who was running the thing got pissed and paused the contest to call us out and yell at us for being bitches. Hahaha oops...but Droeger won!! We were so proud. Also the song "Tequila" came on and I jumped up on the table and did the PeeWee Herman dance. Marisa thought it was funny. No one else did. I think we went to Cum Bomb again but that's all fuzzy b/c I was severely drunk by then. I fell flat on my face on the way home and I think I hurt my ankle once again but still that's all a blur. Some guy came back to our room and we were all supposed to get in the hot tub but I threw on my suit and then I chose to pass out. Lauren humped my head to wake me up. I wasn't budging. Third day/night- I'm still drunk/hung over the next morning. I never used to get hung over...now I get them all the time. I kept saying I was in "transition." I'm an idiot. We met these guys from New York on the beach...there was a beach soccer field set up so we played them. We kicked their asses. Losers. They even had staff members (you know from the hotel, who are Mexican, you know soccer is engrained in Mexican culture) and we still kicked their asses. Ha. And I'm still hung over. But we get free pina coladas for winning so I drink it anyway. Not that it matters b/c in Mexico they put zero alcohol in the girl drinks. We walked down the beach and we were just standing by this huge Budweiser tent area. We're standing near the water and we look over and Steven (sp?) from Real World Las Vegas is just playing in the ocean with his friends. He was literally 8 feet away but none of us wanted to talk to him b/c he is a huge idiot...who cares if he's famous. More on Real World people to come. PS I realize that I keep shifting tenses but you know what tough shit. Alright that night we had agreed to pay $50 each for this thing called the Booze Cruise which seemed like a lot of fun. It turned out to be the worst night/biggest waste of money (and I rule at wasting money) I have ever encountered. The cruise left out of Fat Tuesday's so we were there for a while waiting for the cruise to start. The five of us are just sitting down somewhere when the group of guys behind us order us shots. The lady hands everyone a shot except for Marisa and me. Maybe I'm just used to southern hospitality or something, but I thought that was so rude. I mean who does that? I'll tell you who. People from Jersey. This is why I'm never leaving the South...there are assholes everywhere, but at least Southern boys have some manners. And I'm sorry but the guys who ordered the shots weren't very cute. They were not justified in being assholes...not that anyone really is. Plus, I know in the picture above I look like a fat Asian ass but I really don't photograph well...I'm actually somewhat attractive in person. Especially when I make an effort. And Marisa is really pretty. But even if we were two ugly cows...that still is so rude. And it's not like the shots cost a lot of money either. Not to mention our friends kept talking to them forever (Lauren has a girlfriend and Droeger has a boyfriend so it's not like they needed the attention...Ashley came over to not make us feel like complete asses), which made it incredibly akward for us (the guys were still completely ignoring us). But at least there was a girl on the dance floor who was dancing like she was having an epileptic seizure so we had something to make fun of. Ok so we get on the boat and it is so windy the whole time in Cancun that the boat is shaking everywhere. My plan was to move on from that blatant rejection, get trashed, and have a great time. Well the boat had an open bar so I grabbed myself a beer. Well the fact that I was STILL hung over from the night before and the constant motion of the boat made me incredibly nauseous. And one of the assholes was still talking to us (by us I mean neither me nor Marisa), so boy was this fun. I decided not to drink b/c the whole night I was on the verge of hurling, and I really can't stand throw up...it freaks me out. And Marisa was really upset so I just sat with her at this bench the whole night, trying not to blow chunks. I couldn't even eat the free dinner that came with the cruise. Plus we had to talk to Canadians the whole night. Sick. But at least on the way home I wasn't as nauseous and this really nice cute (at least in the dark) guy who went to Iowa named Travis talked to me. It made me feel slightly better about myself. Yeah so I just went back to the hotel and let my hangover/horrible night pass. Fourth night- Ok our last night. Droeger, b/c of her hot legs, won all of this shit including 1,000 pesos, a free bungee jump, a free bullfight ticket, a free dinner at Crusty's, open bar at Crusty's, and $250 bottle of champagne from Cum Bomb. I love Droeger. We decided that if we ever came back to Cancun we were going to enter her in every contest we could find and reap the benefits. We ordered 100 bucks worth of food. We were carrying a million bags back to our hotel room (now the Holiday Inn...we couldn't stay at the Marriott forever) and went to town. We weren't even hungry, but what can I say, we're soccer girls. We almost finished all of it off. The we went to Crusty's that night, got buzzed off the bottle of champagne and open bar and then headed over to The City, which is this new club right next to Coco Bongo that opened up a month ago (Sue remember Coco Bongo?). Well a bunch of people from the Real World were in there...we saw Steven again as we were waiting to get in. I saw Mallory from the Paris cast on the dance floor but I didn't get to talk to her. In a drunken stupor I ran up to Jacquese (sp?) from San Diego and gave him the biggest hug twice. He hated me. I was slurring, "Jacquese, you probably think I'm one of those psychos....but I love you!" He walked off I think. Once again it was all a little fuzzy. In real life I don't really love him...in fact I don't really care. I really only wanted to talk to Mallory b/c she used to play college soccer and Camryn b/c she owns a vibrator. That's pretty much it. Ashley and Marisa saw a bunch of them (Frank, Mike, Stephen, Mallory...etc.) but I wasn't with them. I think I was by the bar...damnit. Marisa called Frank Mike on accident. She felt bad. Lauren wasn't feeling well so she left and Droeger left too...Marisa, Ashley, and I headed over to Cum Bomb, which sucked that night so we went back to the City once again. Again, I danced shamelessly with anything that had a dick; again, I fell flat on my face; again, I woke up with a huge hangover. And that was my Cancun experience. I will write about the bachelorette party I went to last night but not now b/c this is by far the longest blog I, or perhaps anyone, has ever written. Ta ta.

 HOLLA ok I hfccCw hD ASO MUCH FOUN UBUT I'M A LITTLE DRUNK DJUST WATNED TO WRITE AND SA6 HI YEAH SUZY I'LL GO TO THE WEDDING WITH YOUR BRO BUT I GOTTA MAKE RSURE I DON'T HAVE A GAME. i'LL IM YOU I' M SDELETING NOW THAT'S AGAINST THE RULES BUT I HAVE A TON OF HILAROUISOUDS STORIES THAT YOU'LL LOVE BUT I'M TIRED AND DI DON'T FEEL LIKE TELLLING THME NOW TOMORROW THOUGH/1 TOMORROW. PEPOAECE OUT BITCHES. bEGTS

 HOLLA! yeah, so the adam davis thing. hello? how long was in lurf with him? for-ev-er... i knew he had personality. i knew he was hot. i knew he was fast. i knew he was absolutely retarded for dating megan raderfacher (arrrrrggh). anyway, im jealous that you get to hang out with him. you should mention me and say how cool i am. ALSO, see if hes still dating the canadian. and then makeout with him (for me). back to the books---four more hours until friiiiiiiiiiiiiday and me gettiing druuuuuuuuuuunk. out

 HOLLA. if you will recall i was in love with ol mr davis. i knew he was funny. i knew he was hot. i knew that he was wasting his time megan fackermather. hell, i still love him out

 i have been a slacker with the blog for the last two days. apologies. but, i had another paper and, guys, the hard work is paying off--i got a first and a "this is the best paper youve written thus far" on my paper from two weeks ago! yay! it totally made my week. ok, i have to run to class but i will blog later and GET EXCITED i am going ouuuuuuuuuuuut tonight and plan to be ultra-slutty--i even have my fuckme boots ready to go. yeeeeeeeeah. stories to come shout outs betsy, where the hell are you? my mom is gonna try and tell my brother to take you to the wedding--its the 13th, are you available?

 HOLLA just when i think spring is here, it's starts snowing again. and i mean SNOW-ING! It snowed 3 inches in less than two hours! It was sunny and nice when i went INTO lab, and two hours later when i came OUT of the closet, i mean lab, it was a total blizzard! and of course i was wearing stilettos, so my feet got so wet and frozen on my walk back to my car... brrrrr! But now i'm curled up in front of my computer (haha) with a nice and toasty hot-water bottle! So, it's true. CU is rape central with our football team having the best pimps, playas, an' husslas in the nation! They've got quite the recruiting scheme: paid strippers, prostitutes, and porn stars who sleep with recruits on video and then sell it for profit... just rumors? perhaps. But according to my brother, the ULTIMATE DIE HARD #1 CU BUFF FAN, he insists, "No way... none of it's true. Girls are dumb and lie about that kind of stuff all the time cause they're so attention needy and gold diggers..." God forbid!! Nothing to make his sacred Buffaloes look bad!! Well, even if the allegations are true, why are they trying to sue the university?? It's not like Coach Barnett or the Athletic Dept. was like, "Oh, you wanna booze up the recruits and take advantage of some girls at your off-campus recruiting party tonight?? Swweeet! Sounds like fun! Use a condom!" Gimme a break! Speaking of my brother, Jeff saw a frickin' MOUNTAIN LION yesterday! yeah. in our DRIVEWAY. scary. He said it was HUGE and it just stared at him from like, 20 ft away, and then slowly walked away. He's like, "and all i could think was, 'this things gonna rip my head off... and i'll never walk again. this sucks.' cause they go for the neck, Heather!!" Jeff, i doubt walking would be your main concern... try your LIFE. Now my mom's paranoid that the mountain lion will eat Vinnie (our little white Bichon Frise) if we let him go outside. haha! Oh, and vinnie was walking on the pool today cause it's iced over, and he broke through the ice in the deep end so my mom freaked out and JUMPED IN AFTER HIM. Through the ice. Yeah. not so smart... that's the most dangerous thing you can do. Luckily, they're both okay. I swear, that dog... Well, in your faces, biotches! Only 63 more days till graduation, and then I'll have a freakin' degree!! I so don't deserve it, either... I'm not smart enough, nor am I cut out for it. but hey! if they're willing to give it to me, I won't complain! So, i need some legal/tax advice. As you may know, I do web design/development, and one of my clients in particular had to issue me a 1099 form since i made BANK *not really!* from them this year... but i never got it, so i called them, and it turns out they requested the 1099 to be sent to me, but the company that takes care of their taxes said my work fell under "advertising" for them, so they didn't really need to issue the 1099. Now, do I declare the $3071.25 on my taxes, or let it slip so I don't have to pay them?? Will the IRS come after me??? Oooh! I got my hair done today! Cut an' colored! got rid of those dreadful roots and nasty split ends. I hadn't had a trim in FOREVER, so a lot had to be cut off... :( I miss my long hair... but, I guess it's still kind of long... I don't care. It looks better, and that's all that matters! Well, time to reheat the ol' hot-water bottle... peace, y'all. Heather

 Hello. Well my 'disease' is kinda going away... the doctor told me it could be "One of Six different things" and handed me some anti-acid to take. I was like.... umm thanks! Anyway i haven't taken the medicine because i have convinced myself it wont work. But the choking feeling is almost gone now, i only feel it when i eat drink or talk... Yay. But hopefully it goes away soon otherwise i might have to let heather have some of my foreign bodies. Oh yeah surgery on my knee is March 25th..... for some reason they decided i need to wait a month before i get it taken care of..... so now i get to walk around injured for the next month and im NOT ALLOWED TO WORK OUT... ugh.... this is beyond annoying. im getting high right now.... not intentionally... but i just did one of my charcoal drawings for art class and i sprayed this "fixitive" stuff on it and you are supposed to do it outside in a "WELL VENTILATED AREA" but since its raining cats and dogs outside i did it in my bedroom. yes dena i had fun playing halo with adam davis. I kicked everyones ass twice.... but got DAL on many games so i cant really brag. Adam is funny strangely enough.... who knew he had a personality? P.S everyone who doesnt know him he went to high school with me dena sue betsy and angela and was on the Track team with us....he used to have no personality. Or at least didn't show it. And he is fast as shit in the 800. Thats all. heather how did you know about my plushafile website?!?!?! Teddy Rupskin is my fave! ;) LOL. I liked your Latina Bitch story, sounds like yall had a BLAST. I took tequila shots too last year and now tequila just grosses me out. Never take straight tequila shots... trust heather and I. sue.... i need some funny stories in the morning. so get on it. betsy you suck. anglea you suck and get your name spelled wrong. LOL JK SISTAS LYLAS ROFLMAO rpw hi. well i would love to write much much more but i have a VERY IMPORTANT MIDTERM TOMORROW which i need to study for. and i have absolutey nothing to say. Im not in my blogging mood lately.... i need counseling. HOLLA

 HOLLA...it's another lovely drizzly day...and of course you all know i'm being completely sarcastic. umm....heather, i think i was about 7 yrs. old when we made up the whole hooker song....actually, i think ou knew what a hooker was, but i had no idea. well, there's not much else to the story, except we were finding 'props' to use for the 12 days of christmas song...and those props would get a spot in the song (ie. 6 shiny ribbons, 2 gold couches......). i had NO idea sara was going to roatan w/ adam and ablanzcy...hmmmm..interesting. that's random...i swear sara's just after money. well, that's my theory cuz adam spoils her a LOT and she also said if he told her "she is too expensive for him" then she'd leave. whoa.....well, adam is REALLY COOL too though. i like him. rpw, where did you go to school? Laurier?... is this you in this picture? http://photos.clublaurier.ca/displayimage.php?album=17&pos=44 i got bored and typed your name into google. if that's you...you have 2 full pages of links. i only have 1 page (all track stuff). danielle is an outed carpet muncher who is a hypocrite b/c in highschool she always preached to everyone about how religeous she is and how bad sex and alcohol and all that stuff are. fat katie, is a closet lesbian---never explicitly stated that she is one...but we're all pretty sure she is. there is a VERY FUNNY STORY ABOUT HER and a drunken incident at a grocery store...i will definately tell that one...haha. belize would be nice....i'd say go for it. are you going alone? yes, scruff is good...keep that up. ok, well, since my day is going to consist of just studying...i gotta go..i have a test tonight at 7:15. later. dena ps: heather, that plushophile link was crazy.....how come i had never heard of that before?

 HOLLA... So, I promised you guys some plushophile action, so here's the story... I was rating people on hotornot.com like i always do when i'm bored, and I clicked on their Yafro.com link to see what it was all about. Apparently, it's just a photo blog site made by the guys at hotornot, where you upload your pics and people can comment on each of them individually. well, i kept linking through peoples pics to their friends' pics, to THEIR friends' pics, etc, etc, and what do I stumble upon??? urlLink A real live plushophile IN ACTION! gross. that's just wrong. that poor carebear!! Oh, and some people post some very graphic photos on Yafro, so viewer discretion advised and all that jazz... Shawna, I hope your disease is "foreign bodies" cause that's sexy! If you have any extras, send 'em my way!! Oh, and i thought margaritas were gross too, still kinda do actually, but (like dena said) strawberry is definitely the way to go!! try FROZEN strawberry margaritas!!... i swear by them!! Whenever we go to The Rio (the best place to get a marg -- that's practically all they serve, and they're so frickin' potent that the limit is 3 per person! haha! 1 and a half and i'm gone...) Anyway, whenever we used to go there, I couldn't STAND margaritas, so I'd feel so left out. I just wanted to fit in with the cool crowd, you know?? Well, now I can! Make it a frozen strawberry, please! i fit right in... no one has to know that i secretly hate tequila!! Yeah, tequilla has been a total no-go for me since the Millenium New Year's... I took straight shot after shot after shot after shot... It was awful... I think we got to something crazy like 22 shots before we were so slammed that we couldn't even remember our own names!! My lips were so puckered from sucking on all those limes, and all that salt certainly did not help the dieuretic effects of the tequila! Had I not puked all night after that, I'm sure I would have had alcohol poisoning... ohhh, soooo still drunk all the next day... and hung over for like a week. Couldn't even SMELL tequilla for at LEAST a year... Umm, had dinner with my Dad tonite... Oh, and Michael Ablanczy came, and apparently he's going to Roatan with Sara and her boyfriend and some other friends this week!! Dena and Shawna, were y'all aware of this??? The G-folk are down there, of course, and all I can say is, GOOD LUCK. Grandma will probably make Sara and Adam sleep in different rooms! and they'll all have to clean and do dishes the whole time! Although, i can honestly say that it would be nice to be down there right now... It's so TROPICAL and I always come back with the best tan! haha! remember when when it was Dena's turn to make the Kool-Aid, and G-ma made her use BROWN SUGAR, and it was the nastiest thing we had ever tasted, and everyone knew that DENA MADE IT, so we never trusted her with our sacred kool-aid again! LOL that was hilarious! Good times is good ole Roatan... Dena, funny story about the cigars... What a dumbass! Oh, and as far as excuses to get rid of guys... dena, you and me get in trouble cause we fluff it up! haha... I agree that blunt is way better, but it always seems so BITCHY! I'm always envious of the girl who totally gets away with being the biggest bitch ever... that can never be me :( Oh, and dena, I don't remember our "hooker" song to the tune of 12 Days of Christmas... LOL! It sounds vaguely familiar, but you'll have to remind me of the story! haha! (How old were we?) alright, it's getting late. time for beddie-bye! heather

 HOLLA all....right now i'm at the library and extremely bored....yes, it's true. whoa and a HEAT WAVE just came by....it's getting hot in here...but no, i'm not gonna take off all my clothes. so where were all the blogs today? is everyone busy w/ midterms? i only have 3 more!!!! woo hoo. tomorrow i get my 'client' for my personal training class! i'm excited....they give us a freshman from one of the dorms to make a work out plan for....i'm gonna make my girl HOTTTT....hopefully i don't get a guy cuz i don't think i know enough about weights guys like to do yet. did i ever tell you guys about my little gift i got this summer? prob. not. well, as you all know i was working at a fruit stand in indiana and so this high school guy would always stop in to buy something. well, i would chat w/ him a little...you know, small talk..whatever. then one day he comes in and says "it's my b-day!! i made you a cd". he gave it to me and was like "i hope you like jazz". so first i'm thinking thta was the most random thing ever...first of all....what if i happened to HATE jazz? and we really hadn't talked that much so i was thinking hmmmm....strange...but sweet. well, i pop it in the cd player to see what this guy is into...and i'm not kidding....this was a mixture of porn music and kenny g. haha....i was cracking up....of course the kenny g reminded me of those long horrible road trips where mom was in charge of the music and turned up her music really loud (but when we finally got one of our cd's in, it was so quiet that you couldn't even tell there was music on). anyways, amongst the porn tunes was a personal favorite (not porn) from the movie chicago (all that jazz). well, i was pleasantly surprised by that. well, that long and pretty boring story was inspired by my drive to the library b/c i popped in that cd for some good memories (haha..actually i just grabbed the first cd i could). sue have you gone out lately? i miss hearing about your slutty drunken nights. oh do you guys want to hear an intersting legal news brief? well if not, stop reading NOW! this lawyer had a collection of antique cigars and got them insured by his insurance company for protection. well, then one day he decides to smoke all of these antique cigars. being that they were insured for fire, he claimed them on his insurance (because he smoked them so they were destroyed by fire) and WON---he won $1,500. well, obviously he had planned this from the beginning. so to retaliate, the insurance company decided to sue the lawyer....he was found guilty on 24 counts of ARSON!! haha...isn't that hillarious. he had a large fine and was put in jail for 16 months. just when you think you are outsmarting the system.......you act like a retard and get sent to jail. shawna, i'm not big on margarita's either....unless they're STRAWBERRY!! mmmmm. yum...i really could use some LOS CUCOS right now.....or CHUYS. i need some queso! alright, i'm sure you all are getting bored of this blog so i'll wait until there's some new news on here. dena ps: shawna, have fun playing halo w/ adam davis

 HOLLA...i think there will be some diff. opinions on the topic of metrosexuals in this blogsite.......sue....i'm making reference to your "perfect man" website. see, i beleive me and sue have different opinions....b/c i think the metrosexual look is HOT. i like a guy in diesel jeans who knows how to dress and has "styled" scruff (they teach that on queer eye for the straight guy). i'm sure people will argue, "who wants a guy that's 'prettier' than his girlfriend", but hey, if the guy looks sexy, than who cares...that's the girl's fault...GO WORK OUT....or if you're that concerned about looking ugly...get plastic surgery. speaking of plastic surgery.....i am thinking of changing from wanting to be an anesthesiologist to being a podiatrist......i know you all are thinking...who would want to look at feet all day. well, we're talking 42 hours of work/ week.....still making good money and you deal with athletes a lot......MY KIND OF THING. rpw.....sorry....when i mentioned CW i was talking about the psycho girl but i was just going off of memory so i guess i got the wrong initials. my bad. find out from heather how to get pics. up here...cuz honestly...i was thinking the same thing as sue..that you could be some old dirty internet pervert. but if you like mac n. cheese and cap'n crunch...then you're cool w/ me. oh, and no i'm not on crack, i just have the week from hell going on right now (props to me: i'm STILL blogging), so things are a little crazy...TOO MUCH INFORMATION at one time, and it's all about chemicals and their mechanisms and yeah, i'm not even gonna try to bore you all w/ the details. so, gay marriage is legalized in canada? wow...i had no idea. we should tell danielle or fat katie (still a closet case but most definately a lesbian). heather, sounds like your b-day has been going great!!!! tell your dad/jeff/melissa hello for me. send some pics. of your b-day. my computer is officially a piece, so i can't put my pics. on it right now...it won't read anything from the usb port...LAME. oh yeah, avacados are DELISH......i love guacaMOLE (everytime i say that word i think of austin powers--the part w/ the mole). shawna, what did the doctor say about your 'disease'? sue, what up homie! is running over now? or are you doing track--do they have track there? betsy, how are you? alright, i gotta go study now for a midterm i have today. out like my belly button used to be (shawna, heather...do you guys remember that? haha...was was so weird) dena "i wouldn't say i've been MISSING work" (office space)

 HOLLA So, LTNB (long time no blog)... But things are lookin' up, girls, cause spring is in the air (almost), and that means warmer weather and twitterpated boys! haha! I had a great birthday! Not quite as great as my 9th birthday laser tag party, dena, but hey. And my b-day celebrations STILL aren't over! I'm having a birthday dinner with my dad, daniel, and jeff and melissa (brother/sister) tomorrow night at the cheesecake factory! I love that place! do you guys think it's gross that I always order the avocado eggrolls?? they're so delish! (even though they sound nasty.) Here's the birthday breakdown: Thursday Night: We went up to Blackhawk to do some hardcore birthday gambling. It's actually been kind of a tradition ever since I turned 21! Except this time, my parents didn't go, just me and daniel and my friend rachel. This time i won a good $25 playing blackjack! woohoo! Friday Night: We went to Illegal Pete's (Chipotle-style burrito place, but WAAAAY BETTER!! And it's been around much longer, too! And it started in Boulder, so you know it's cool... like me.) We brought daniel's new video camera to shoot a couple test runs, and then we just plain got carried away. wow, i'm such a dork! it's one thing to hear yourself on your answering machine, but it's another to see AND hear yourself on home video. yikes! daniel whipped up a nice compressed mpeg version of it, so maybe i'll upload it for y'all to see. Saturday Night: Dancin' in Downtown Denver with my sexy chicas! So Rachel and I met up with Stephany, Julie, and Melissa at this pimp new club in Denver called Beyond! It was HOT! Dena and Shawna, you would have loooved this club! I wish you two could have been there to show off all your sexy moves! Don't get me wrong, my girls can dance... but y'all are just frickin' STEAMY on the dance floor! haha! So the night is going great, until Stephany decides that she's lookin' and feelin' hot and everyone in the club must see her. So she hops the rail from our corner stage, to the upper floor, shoves her way to the main center stage, and then jumps up onto this dance block that's front and center. This is like, the only place in the club where everyone is guaranteed to see you... so the rest of us stay put, cause we're not feelin' so confident, but we keep our eye on her. she's up there doin her thang, when all these other nasty hussies get up with her. They start "dancing" (more like bobbing their ugly faces), and there's just simply not enough room for 7 girls on this block... it can *maybe* hold 3, but that's pushin' it. So of course there's gonna be some bumpin' into each other. Next thing we know, Stephany's yellin' in these girls' faces, and they're yellin' back, flippin' the bird, threatening each other and what not... So Julie decides to go join Steph to back her up. (Right, like having EIGHT girls on this thing is gonna make things better...) So sure enough, no sooner does Julie hop up there than we see both her and stephany get LAUNCHED off the block and off the stage by the bitchy latinas!! We couldn't believe it. And now, we can't see them, cause there's so many frickin' people in this place. So when they never come back, we get worried, and melissa and I begin our journey scouring the club for them for the next 30 minutes (this place is HUGE). Meanwhile, rachel is PISSED and collects all our gum to go stick up in homegirl's hair that pushed them! (CAT FIGHT AND DIVA DRAMA!!) So we finally find steph, and turns out she knew the manager and had one of the girls kicked out. (go steph!) She apparently told one of the hussinas, "Okay, you must wanna F*CK me or something, cause why else are you rubbin' your nasty self up on me??" LOL And she also told us, "Those girls were not wanted up there. No one in that club wanted to see nasty ugly skanky fat flab that can't dance..." haha! Rachel waited forever for the oportune time to gum the bitch's hair, but her big latino Guido of a boyfriend wouldn't stop grinding her from behind, so it never happened. damn. When we finally left the club to go home, it was BLIZZARDING outside!! yeah. And I was not prepared for winter weather at all! I was wearing my red Bebe hooker heels that have like a 7-inch stiletto on them! And they were soooo slippery! It sucked. but at least we made a kodak moment out of the snow storm and took some fun pictures. Turned out very Sex and the City, if I may say so... Sunday Night: SUSHI!! With Don (stepdad), my Mom, and Rachel at Japango! Yum Yum. I got the avocado rolls! Sooo good! Wow, I'm just now realizing that not only do I like avocado eggrolls, but avocado sushi rolls, too! and the weirdest part of all: I'm ALLERGIC to avocados!! go figure. They're just so good, though! And all that happens is my lower lip swells and blisters for half an hour... no biggie. And, that about does it... So tomorrow night will officially wrap up the b-day festivities for me this year with dinner with my dad! I highly recommend the drawn out birthday to everyone! Go for a whole week, or heck, why not make it a birthday MONTH!? It's great! Well, i have lots of comments/shoutouts for everyone, including RPW, but seeing as how this post took forever, I'll save everything else i have to say for another post. Hopefully I'll get some pictures up, too... Out like Hussina Homegirl at Beyond... Heather

 HOLLA.......wow, 5 hours in a lab. and look at all the blogging i have to catch up on. whew. haha, shawna, nice diseases....it's like on the simpsons where mr. burns had every disease known to man and they called it the closet effect (or something like that).....all of the diseases kind of evened eachother out (you know....like if you have so many things behind a closet door and they can't fit through cuz there's too much stuff). well, anyways, that's waht your little story made me think of. rpw, thanks for the nickname.....strangely enough the only nickname i've ever had was "cheifus" (haha....ummmm there's really no explanation for that). nice philosophical question about the turtle. i would have to say it is both homeless and naked (i'm sure that's what everyone says). sue, good point on the bluntness factor....who needs to fluff things up...well, i guess i prob. do that a lot, but i'm gonna try sue's method for a while. fluffiness is what causes problems...well, i won't even go into that....i won't even go into that. haha shawna, remember the lizard lady? no the quiznos commercial is not here in indiana....they just recently got quiznos here and people freaked out like it was the coolest thing ever...i swear i am living in the past. i just found it online. oh, rpw, what exactly what wrong w/ cw? i'm always interested in guys' opinions on that kind of stuff. betsy, when did you go to cancun and why didn't i know about this? LUCKY HO. see ya in a couple weeks. well, i have nothing interesting to say about my day.....sorry guys. ummmmm...yeah..... talk to you all later, dena

 Yall have stupid humor like me. You will like these. I PROMISE. So look at them NOW. http://www.clarkson.edu/~wirkusf/stfu.swf http://www.rathergood.com/moon_song/ HOLLA

 It has been approximately 4 million years since i have blogged. Many apologies... actually im not that sorry because we all have had our little dry blogging period here and there and i deserve one too. And since I am the president/queen/ruler/administrator of this blog I can blog when i please. SO THERE --- sucks to your arsma! LOL... anyway yeah so here i am. First things first- i have this weird thing in my throat/esophogus/chest that feels like i have food stuck in it. ITS NOT food but i always feel like im choking and it feels like i constantly need to swollow. It even hurts when i eat and my back has sharp pains. Anyway i go on the internet to figure out what the hell is wrong with me because this has been occuring for the past week. Here are the "possibilities" of what i might have according to this site: Emotional or anxiety disorder (globus hystericus) Cervical spine disease Zenker's diverticulum Esophageal webs Stroke Parkinson's disease Huntington's disease Multiple sclerosis ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease) Myasthenia gravis Muscular dystrophy Infections, such as polio and syphilis Tumors Strictures (narrowings) that may be caused by radiation, chemical ingestions, medications, or ulcers Schatzki's ring Foreign bodies Achalasia Diffuse esophageal spasm Hypertensive lower esophageal sphincter Nutcracker esophagus LOL! What the hell?!? Thanks for the medical help... now i know that there is a possiblitiy that i have EVERY DISEASE known to man! Geez.... so that didnt freak me out or anything. anyway I am seeing the doc tonight to figure out which one of the above pertains to me. There is a possiblitiy that i have a bad case of Acid Reflux.... but whatever it hurts thats all i know! So my WOST proffessor has the most annoying habit ever. I have been wanting to mention this in EVERY blog since school started i just always forget. Everytime she finishes a sentence.... she repeats the last prase she says. FOR EXAMPLE: --Women in society are largely affected by stereotypes, they often encounter gender discrimination, they often encounter gender discrimination. --Sterilization abuse is more popular than we know, than we know. Ok imagine an hour and a half of EVERY SENTENCE Being repeated? Its horrible..... sometimes i just want to join along with her and start repeating it back with her.... uuggh! SOO ANNOYING. SOO ANNOYING. Mike and I went to chuy's last night... yum yum yum. Mike had a margarita and it reafirrmed my feelings.... i do not like margaritas. I think they are gross...what is wrong with me? Oh well i guess ill stick to my amaretto and sweet and sour. sweet and sour. I found the perfect way to get rid of people you dont wanna talk to. Today this football player was bugging me so i started wiping my running nose (snot) all over my hand.... haha... he just slowly backed away saying he didnt wanna get sick. But i know i totally grossed him out. SWEET. SWEET. CUSA Indoor T&F championships were this weekend our boys team won by 76 points..... it was crazy. We have 4 pole vaulters and they got the top four places! Haha. anyway our girls sucked...third. But it was expected because shawna wasn't running. JK SISTA. JK SISTA. (ok ill stop with the repeats.) Oh yeah and our lady Basketball team won conference and is ranked 11th in the NCAA... they came out of no where. Anyway i have to brag about my team because i have to. I got a 94 on my HRMA TEST! Yes its true. And i have been studying like a study whore all week for my soc. test. Im going to rock the deans list like its my job. my surgery has no set a date yet.... i should find out tonight so it will be in the next couple weeks...sue you should probably go ahead and send cards and gifts since it takes awhile through british mail. :) Dena... that quiznos commercial doesnt play in indiana? P.S you got that from C-Los huh? I was with him a few days ago and we were watchin it on the internet. Heather....your school is rape central (football playas..)! Keep your eyes open and your legs closed!Oh yeah happy belated birthday. Sue....im a baller. You know why. Dont deny. Besty.... cancun is cool. cooler than cold grass. But not cold cool because then it would suck. angie pangie.....im soooo dissapointed. rpw.... i do not email, thats why i started the blogging..... no offense. BUT i will respond on here. houston is 76 degrees right now... oooooh yeah! gotta go gotta go gotta go right now.......... you know the diarreah commercial? hahahaha HOLLA

 so i finally went to RPWs site...i had been playing it cool because there is still a good chance that you, RPW, are some sort of sick cyber creep--they have commercials over here that warn you how far pedophiles will go to lure in thier victimes. oh sad! if anyone oever got a hold of me they wouldnt be a pedophile, theyd just be a rapist or some sort of other emotionally disturbed sicophant. ahhh, but i digress. mr rpw, you have won me over because you are trying to make your place look like hugh grants about a boy flat. well done. that place is phat. and then to end, because i REALLY need to be productive today...(and this one is for everyone), this is what i think about your girls (SC?) dilemma. dont tell her you gave up dating for lent, thats lame and obviously a lie--if its not a lie its a stupid thing to give up--God wants us to date, She/He/It/Ominpresence told me. what you SHOULD have done is been like, hey, im not interested. im sure youd be great for some other psycho, but i am far to normal to be hanging with the likes of you. the reason that this appraoch is good is that she wont be waiting another 40days for you to call her and ask her out--which she will because shes a girl and probably thinks its cute that you are religious-- AND she can learn from her past indiscretion of beign a psycho and learn to turn it down. the world is becoming increasingly far too worried about how people "feel" and emotions. i think, i n general, people can take i. if they cant, they should learn how. RPW, you can help save this womans life. tell her shes psycho. sidenote: as my new years resolution was to talk to boys and if i wast something to go and get it, i have been on a huge BLUNT kick. i find everything works better this way. i know that dena-betsy-shawna are thinking, you are being blunt NOW, what they hell have the past 6 years been?? theyve been practice. its go time girls, and let me tell you, its working out wonderfully. moral of this story-well im not sure, but brutal honesty is good. ill post something more intersting later but for now, its back to the good ol international finance of the global economy....i cant wait to take over the world. shoutout DENA for the funniest commerical ever. shawna--i so proud heather-happy belated anglea--you suck, im not even worried about you reading that betsy-maybe you can be my brothers date to the wedding!!! and we can get smashed--yeah! out

 ive have had the worst day ever. and its only 954. actually its not the worst day but it had provided me with a plethera of problems. last night i went running with my ATM card because i was going to get groceries on my way back. however, i was not so fortunate to make it to the grocery store with my card. it had fallen out and i retraced my entire run and obviously someone had picked it up. my fault. i accept that i shouldnt have been running with it. anyway, i cancelled it and it turns out that soemone had already charged 16.99 on it. fabulous. SO that leaves me with 46.00 in my account. which i dont think is too bad because i got a check yesterday from my parents because i am in depserate need of money buuuuuuuuuuut the bank tells me it will take up to six weeks to process the check and there will be a five pound charge. WE LIVE IN THE FREAKING AGE OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, HOW COULD IT TAKE THAT LONG TO CLEAR A CHECK FOR, IN THE GRAND SCHEME OF THINGS, A NEGLIBILE AMOUNT OF MONEY (IM THINKING IN TERMS OF NATIONAL GDP WHEN I SAY THIS). soo, ive alotted my self 20 pounds for the rest of this week and i have 25 for next week. thats it. and since i hid my credit card from myself and cannot find it i literally have no money. i have become a poor student. normally, i have thought i was a poor student but havent been. now, i am. and its cold. real cold. and everytime i want to go somewhere i have to catch the bus and i end up waiting half an hour and die of frost bite (i died twice this weekend) and there is no heat anywhere on campus. im turning into the hunchback of LSE because i have to condense my body surface area to stay warm--good thing im packing on the pounds, a little blubber is bound to keep me warm. thats all the bitching you get to hear from me for now. except this: i hate betsy because shes in mexico on the beach and NOT cold. you suck.

 HOLLA.....go to this website to see a strange commercial. this is real (those of you in h-town have prob. seen it). http://64.78.149.221/event1V2.asp dena

 HOLLA.....sue, i have many NEGETIVE insights into how bad it is being cold as well....but that could take all day so i am deciding to not even go there. today it is flooding in bloomington indiana...yes, apparently though they don't have thunderstorms....i have realized in the time that i've been here i've never seen one lightning bolt or heard any thunder....what kind of freakish place is this? well, needless to say, i had to walk around in the rain all day and so i grabbed this umbrella (one of shawna's that she left in my car), and yeah, when i open it up already outside and walking to the bus....there's this frekin HUGE mother of a hole in the top of the umbrella. so not only am i exerting more energy trying to hold the umbrella in the massive gusts of wind, but i am simultaneously getting soaked as the rain comes pouring through the big hole in the top. yes, many cars driving by honked and prob. laughed at me....then i get to class and my teacher is renting out umbrellas to students...but i got there too late to trade my crappy one in. oh well. heather, i can't wait to hear about your b-day weekend!!! well, now it's time to start my incredibly busy week: 4 midterms, 3 super long worksheets,2 projects, 1lab and a partrige in a pear tree. haha....that reminds me of me and heather's version of that song (back in the olden days): the 'hookers' (but they weren't the slutty kind, they were just little plastic hooks we found so we added them to our song....haha...we were thinking about sex and didn't even know it. lata, dena

 HOLLA! thats how i am going to pick up my new phone from now on...im not sure if ive already blogged about my new phone but, nevertheless, i will go over the key features of this magnificient piece oftechnology once again. First off, IT WAS FREE!, and secondly through #ly, it has a camera, it has a built in radio, a voice recorder, 300 texts a month, a calendar in it, bluetooth (apparenlty thats cool) and whole bunch of other cool shizzy. yay for my new phone. none of you will ever call it though--oh well, ill show it to you in two weeks when i see you sluts in htown (sans heather...which i am truly upset about...try to do something about that heather, we need to see each other) well i had a great weekend...but i have to read an article before lecture and i just dont have time to blog but I WILL. plus, i have insights into life in general that i would like to share...thy involve being cold and how its stupid to be cold. i hate cold. later losers

 HOLLA ya'll... wow! what a bunch of non-bloggers we are (sans dena)! So, time for bed, but things to look forward to in my next blog: my GREAT birthday weekend, including pics (and video?!) my new cute pink pea coat to match my new cute pink ipod mini!! Vader-Haters. haha! the real live plushophile i stumbled upon IN ACTION (on accident, and on the web, of course... pics, too - gross!) catfight with a bunch of mean latina hussinas at Club Beyond in denver!! attempting to walk on the streets of downtown denver in frickin 7-inch Hooker Heels in an icy BLIZZARD... yeah. Happy Leap Year!! luv you guys! Heather

 HOLLA!!!! shawna-BABY, thanks for understanding about my lack of posts recently. here is Novel Blog #1 until i graduate... (sex, i mean SIX days till graduation!!) okay, time to vent. what a nightmare of a week! i pulled two FULL all-nighters and i don't know how many 80% all-nighters... we had our expo yesterday morning, and yes, our bar worked, but we BARELY mad the cut. we had seriously, 5 minutes to spare, and then @ about 3 minutes to spare, one of our idiot team members tried to shove our LCD screen into it's place and the whole thing quit working... so now we're all in super-double panic mode AGAIN and i don't know who did what, but we got it working just in time. everyone loved our project (except our profs who didn't seems very impressed... probably because they saw us scrambling to get it working and we had to tell them we needed a new part TWO MINUTES BEFORE EXPO!!) anyway, LUSH was a success and people loved coming over and ordering drinks from it. unfortunately, we weren't allowed to bring real alcohol. :( our proffessor was like, "I have two words for you: FOOTBALL TEAM." In other words, don't get my name mixed up in another big CU scandal... oh well. Now, two of the five in our team pissed us off all semester for not helping. and it only got worse at the end when we needed the help the most. our only revenge was the Team Evaluations we had to give where we gave everyone in our group a grade. this only affects their grade by 10%, but still. at least it was SOMETHING. So, here are little snippets of THE ACTUAL EVALUATION i wrote up and TURNED IN to my profs... haha! What a nightmare of a semester. I apologize early, but this evaluation is gonna be mostly me venting I have by far learned more in Capstone than in any other class Ive ever taken. We had 5 people in our group, but there were only 3 of us who really worked hard this semester. So I guess in a way, Im grateful to the two slackers since I was really forced to pony up and learn A TON of stuff that I really hadnt had much exposure to before Capstone. I contributed to lots and lots... [I'm removing all this so you don't have to read it... it's just a huge list of boring EE stuff...] Mike [did all this stuff]... Andrew [did all this stuff...] PezhMoor did two things this semester: jack and sh*t. [one guy's name is Pezh, and the other is Taymoor, but we called them PezhMoor since they basically were the same person as far as we were concerned... haha] Im gonna be honest on this one. I have never worked my ass off so hard in a class, and yet felt so discouraged day in day out like nothing was getting done. I think this was mostly due to the fact the the few things that Pezh and Taymoor DID do, they totally screwed up and so it was like we had to undo everything they did, and then try and redo it all over again, when it should have been done correctly in the first place!! This was more so true for Taymoor, than for Pezh. Pezh, I think, pretty much knew he didnt know how to do anything, so he tried to stay out of our way most of the time. Was this a good thing? I dont know. Favorite Pezh quote of the semester, FIVE days before Expo: So, yeah, uhhhh, I have the sudden urge to get involved Wow. What do you even say to that? Umm, hello?? Where were you all semester?? If you would have come in and helped us as we went, we wouldnt have to spend hours explaining this stuff to you now when we quite frankly dont have the time!! Things Pezh did: I think he helped order some parts, he tried to be involved with stuff, but just didnt follow, or didnt have any input whatsoever. He and Taymoor tried to "help" me with with the Bill Acceptor logic in Xilinx one day (Im graspin at straws here) Oh! He went on a donut run for us when we told him to Things Taymoor did: He ordered some parts, he did the group schedule for PDR, he didnt show up to CDR cause he was in New Orleans for MARDI GRAS, did THE WORST solder job on our precious LCD and then to make things worse, put EPOXY GLUE over it so we couldn't even re-solder the bad connections!! All of this had to be totally redone and took FOREVER... Favorite Taymoor quote of the semester, NIGHT BEFORE EXPO around 9pm: Guys, Im gonna go home I need to get some sleep It was of course another all-nighter for the rest of us, and at least Pezh stuck around. I could go on and on about things, but Im already past the 12:00 deadline, so I guess this is it. Sorry this is so scattered and informal Im going on no sleep for a week, so, I hope you understand. Grades: Andrew  A Mike  A Me  A Taymoor  C Pezh  C I told andrew and mike that i gave them both C's and they WERE PISSED!! They both gave them F's!! I wanted to give them F's, but i thought that would be cruel, even though that's what they deserved... oh well. it's over now. ahhhhh. thanks for letting me vent! well, i have so many fun things to comment on... way to keep the blog going without me, y'all! I just read about a week's worth posts and it was SO FUN to catch up all at once like that! now all i have to do is study my ass off this weekend for my 7:30 AM final on monday morning... it's worth 40 FRICKIN' % OF MY GRADE and i missed the last two weeks of lecture because of Capstone... and if i don't get a C- or better in it, I don't graduate. :( great, i'm screwed... gottapassgottapassgottapass.... but hey, after monday, i'll be a free WOMAN [maybe i'll finally get my period]... with a frickin' degree in electrical engineering... daaayyyymmn i impress myself... more to come soon! (i hope...) heather

 HOLLA....i seriously thought you were talking about our aunt..haha. wow...i was gonna say. well, oprah is good today....it's about some guy who cut the rope on his friend when they were mountain climbing. but the guy lived somehow.....crazy. i can't wait till tonight...i'm gonna go eat at this resteraunt/sports bar called scotty's...it's soo good. they have the BEST burgers and beer. mmmmmmm. alright, i'm still gonna keep you all in suspense so...............:) dena

 HOLLA Dena what's your secret????????? I want to know. I'm going to guess. Actually nevermind I think I figured it out!!!! I won't say anything b/c I ruined Sue's sex secret by guessing last time. So this Houston Stars thing...yeah they put me on the B team. I hate Luis Labastida. I wouldn't be so pissed if the team was good, but they aren't. I watched them play yesterday against fifteen year olds. We lost. I hate everyone. I might be on MTV. I was bored (shocking) one day and went to mtv.com and clicked on the "casting calls" link. There was a call for embarrassing hook up stories, so I thought what the hell, nothing's gonna come of it anyway...I emailed mtv about the plunger incident. If you don't know, ask someone else...I'm not telling the story again. Well, they emailed back and said that they're gonna call me. Well they haven't yet, but if they do, I'm telling them no. I'd rather not have the stupidest, most humiliating mistake I've ever made told to all of America. Hi, betsyhuetestalker11. I would probably love you/want you/marry you too, except I don't know who you are...actually you're probably Shawna b/c she's the only person who writes in that. Anyway, we should cyber. You start. And ps, my name's Betsy, not Besty. No worries, everyone does that. I'll still cyber with you. Ok that is all for now, I have a recruit coming in...yes I'm a rising senior and I still host recruits b/c I'm a baller and I therefore the master (mistress) of recruiting at good ol Rice U. Furthermore, I'd like to thank all my constituents. I really appreciate the time you took to vote for me. I am indeed the most vulgar woman in this blog!

 DENA- before you go telling everybody "Shawna said aunt flo came to town" let me fill you in on the slang of the 21st century....... Other things to say besides "I am on my period right now and profusely bleeding for the next week": * Aunt Flo Came to Town * Im on the rag * The bird is in the cage * There's a river in my panties * I have my menstrual Cycle * I am bleeding so f*ck off * I need tampons * I became a woman today some of those i made up... and others dont make much sence but my point is... when i said Aunt Flo came to town i meant: Im on my period.... and it is unfortunate that we (dena and I ) ACTUALLY have an "Aunt Flo" which can cause some confusion. From now on i will just say "Im bleeding profusely". Also I KNOW DENA'S NEWS AND YALL DONT! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA .. and i have known for a long long long time. HOLLA

 HOLLA....so did you guys go hang out? you the fam and marcia? that's funny. if she's still there, tell her i say hi. well, i have some news that some of you know (shawna) but the rest of you don't know....well, it's kind of old but to you all it will be very new..in fact, to pretty much everyone it will be new (except for shawna)......HAHAHAHAHAH....i love keeping you all in suspense. yeah, you prob. won't guess it...except for shawna. well, i'm gonna let you all be in suspense for a while before i actually say what it is. ok, time to go do some laundry dena ps: shawna camping and period blood = bad combination, but the good news is that at e. rock they have bathrooms and showers so really it won't be so bad....so you should have fun....just make sure you bring food water and yeah. hike a lot

 i am eating subway. It tastes mighty good. italian club on wheat... mm mm mmmmmmmmm..... Also i have cramps and my room is messy. This is a random blog. Goodnight. HOLLA

 FYI: I wrote that inspirational blog to INSPIRE OTHERS to blog... not to inspire myself.... seeing that i did blog like 5 times and only had two people respond i figured i should not blog until others decide they will too. ANYWAY, My electricity is being shut off today so thats exciting..... im going camping tonight tho and will be gone till sunday then i have to move home because i will have no food, water, electricity or internet. I can live without many things... but the internet... i think not. By the way, Aunt Flo came to town TODAY...im excited to go camping for three days while im on my period!!! Anyone know how camping on the rag works? I have a feeling this weekend is going to be a BLAST. Anyway i am done with class... but i have 2 tests monday so i need to study. I also need to eat RIGHT NOW, so this blog cannot continue any longer, i only blogged to tell dena that I am waiting for my bffff's to blog before i do, so yall should blog sometime this year..... its cool. LATE. "I know you dont think your sh*t dont stank but lean a little closer and you'll see your roses really smell like poo poo poo." HOLLA

 HOLLA...so i'm officially an insomniac. it's driving me crazy. i was supposed to go out tonight and party away my stress from these finals...but good thing i decided not to cuz it's POURING OUTSIDE so i would definately get soaked. well, instead of partying i decided to blog you all. actually, that is the result of me being SUPER BORED and suffering from some major INSOMNIA. i don't know what's wrong w/ me. HELP!! you know on digital cable how they have the channels that just play music (we're not talking mtv...we're talking the ones where it's actually JUST MUSIC)...well, that's what i'm 'watching' right now. pathetic....but there's nothing on tv and i guess i'm too lazy to put a movie on cuz htere are too many buttons to deal w/ when using the dvd player...and no shawna, i'm not doing a puzzle....as much as you want to imagine it (you know, me in the buff working on a puzzle). haha...sorry, these are the kinds of things you say when you can't sleep. it's true. and when you take caffeine pills to stay awake to study...you ("everybody get your roll on.....what....." ~ sorry i thought i'd throw in a little musical break for you all...that song is on right now)...back to the story....caffeine pills make you crazy...seriously...you actually enjoy learning about stuff you really dont' want to learn. roses really smell like oooh oooh ooooooooh......crash crash craaaaaaaaaaaash into a DITCH! sorry you guys get to hear the soundtrack of my blogging session. ummmmm....since this is the worst blog ever i think i will stop it here...even though i could ramble on for a LONG TIME cuz i'm SOOOOOO BORED. but i won't make you guys suffer. love ya dena ps: "i'm rick james bitch!"

 HOLLA, now it's my turn to cry.....shawna, what happened to your inspiration to blog....i thought it was 'so important'...well, you certainly aren't demonstrating that. and everyone else....COME ON! ok, so i haven't been the best blogger...but now that my freakin tests are over...i can put a little more time into the worthwhile things in life...you know like blogging and eating. so the test i just finished tonight was 5 questions and it took 2 hours and 15 minutes....LAMO. yeah, it wasn't easy. good luck to everyone on their finals...STUDY HARD! shawna, sorry i don't ever call you...i hear you want me to call. oh, everyone who's gonna be in h-town....i'll be there next thursday...i'm leaving wednesday afternoon. so get excited!!!! betsy, my goal is to actually see you this time...somehow i never get to see you. heather....do good on your capstone stuff....and come to houston....a few of my indiana friends might come...it'll be a huge get together. woo hoo!! sue, keep on keeping on.....hey, wanna train for a marathon this summer...get me in shape for it! i need to do long runs. oh, are you gonna be back for your b-day? are you gonna be back at all? you better!!! that's an order. alright, i'm out, dena

 HOLLA......i thought i could take a quick break to say that you should all WATCH OPRAH TODAY because guess whose gonna be on her show.......OLSEN TWINS. yes...it's true...the inspiration for our site.....haha. well, i thought i'd let you all know. ummmm....let's see....this past weekend was little 500 (huge bike race called the "greatest college weekend" by sports illustrated and crap like that). well, no one really cares about the race...obviously it's just a week to get trashed all morning and all night. well, i had to wait for the weekend to start my partying but i partied hard. friday night went out to the bars and found out all my friends are frekin lesbians. well, anyways, i think it's just bloomington. got home at 4am and slept a couple hours....got up and went to party at the frat at 8am. right when i walk in...the guys are like....why don't you have a drink in your hand? so of course i'm double fisting after that with screwdrivers....(even though to this day i still hate oj and vodka after that 10th grade chicken poprikosh experience where shawna sprayed hairspray in my eyes)....so by the time the race starts...everyone's SUPER TRASHED....no surpise. i kind of stumble around and pretend to watch the race but then decide it's time to go get some food. i went backto the frat where they were cooking burgers and hotdogs out in the front...i got my burgers and of course some more screw drivers and beer...and saw 2 HUGE trays of brownies.....they looked good so i grabbed about 10! haha....turns out the house mom (she's like 55 or something) didn't make regular brownies....she made SPECIAL brownies. oops....little did i know.....but since i happened to eat like 10 of them, let's just say it hit me hard. hahaha...it was pretty funny. the weird thing is this is the first year i haven't gone on the slip n slide they had set up. well, i got sick of the freshman ho's (anyone who's been to a frat party knows about the freshman who flock over there just looking for free booze and dress super slutty)...well, i didn't feel like talking to them so i left and had the best tacos ever at my friends place. well, that's a summary of the weekend but i cant' really remember much of the details. i had my molecular final today!!!!!!!!!!!! it's OVER. yeah. i'm so happy. but i can say that i know how to do DNA testing to see if someone is the real father...it's really easy...and in 1 out of 10 families in the US, the father is not the real one (and he doesn't know that either). oh, i also know how to look at a blood sample or semen to tell you if someone commited a crime (ie. murder, rape...). that's also pretty easy. alright, time to study for my last REAL final. dena

 have yall tried the new "Gmail" good ole blogger.com has been advertising? I think they should have called it Gspot .... you know like Blogspot? But GSPOT....like sex. That would be much more cool. I would then be proud to send email to and fro from my good old Gspot. Anyway that was the random thought of the day. Well my stress level has officially decreased by .5 percent. I finished two of the papers that were due ..... one of them was about procrastination..... it was due at 10 am. I finished at 10:30. Its funny how my paper about procrastination was procrastinated..... especially since it was a "behavior change paper" .... we were supposed to research and try out our behavior change. Well i guess i dont need to tell you what the conclusion of my research was.... Now i have ONE more paper and a few tests to study for.... school will be done in less than 4 days. Hooray. I am going camping at Enchanted Rock this weekend with sara/adam/mike/clos and maybe kelcee if she wants to go. It should be fun.... hopefully. I think i am going to not shower for the rest of the week.... and then go camping dirty.... so then people will ask "Shawna why do you smell like ass?" and I can say... "because im camping you idiot!" ... i can't wait to not shower for the rest of the week. It will be fun. Betsy football players are sick. Especially the Rodney Dangerfields of the sport.... the ones that think they are badass because they are on a horrible football team and weigh 500 pounds.... yet for some reason find that they should hit on you because you must be a stupid girl who is attracted to Rodney Dangerfield football players. THere are many of them at UH and they all make me want to throw up. Speaking of football players... there is this one guy, lets just call him saleem.... because that is his name. Anyway everytime he says hi to me he goes "hey girl whats up shawna baby?!" ... I HATE when people call me baby... it just sounds sooo greasy. Especially when you dont know me that well..... yuck.... shawna baby? Come on ... lets come up with some new material fellas. I think what im going to do... next time he says that to me ill be like... "My name is RACHEL jackass!" ....just to embarass him... haha. By the way... peeing in the shower is OK as long as you do it while the shower is running. People can be soo disrespectful you know? IF you are going to pee in my shower at least have the decency to dilute it with bath water. By the way remember when you were little (or maybe you still do) when you peed while taking a bath? Just think about how sick that actually is... you are soaking in your own pee. No wonder children always smell like anus. I came up with a good running shirt for us girls that live in the ghetto. It has a pic of a stick figure girl who has a scared look on her face running on a path and in the distance at the other end of the path behind her is a building that says "ghetto" on it.... then the words below read "We run because we have to" "Third Ward Cross Country" If you dont know... the third ward is the ghetto of houston... and i live in it and run in it..... it can be scary especially since the bayou i do my distance runs on has been known for its washed up dead bodies.... cool. Well I am going to go and actually relax for the first time in like a month. I only have about 3 hours of free time until next tues.. i am going to enjoy it. HOLLA

 HOLLA Well, it's nice to see people blogging again...I was worried for a second. Sorry yall are so busy...Heather how's your bar coming?? I hope yall get that done. And Sue...what the hell? You said last week that you had something important to say but you never told us. Bullshit!! I've been looking forward to it. Well, our classes are over which is awesome...I love having so much free time, b/c it means I can work more so I can make more so I can save up for everything. This is what I figure...and this is the nice thing about having divorced parents...you get two sets of presents for Christmas/birthday. Anyway, I figure I'm gonna stop asking for presents and start asking for money to pay for things. The sucky thing is that since my birthday is so close to Christmas that I probably won't get as much money as if it was not close to Christmas. Anyway... So Martel hosted the end of classes party as we do every year b/c we are by far the best college. At least the best party college b/c our rooms are constructed so it doesn't feel really crowded even if there's a ton of people there. And there was b/c we rule. We were hosting a few of the kegs in our room. The party was really fun. I prank called/ drunk dialed a bunch of peoples' friends b/c that's my thing but I can't use my own phone b/c I don't have one. And I don't mean to brag, but yes I do...I'm the best prank caller ever. EVER! And then Becky and Tessa (teammates) drew penises on my face with eyeliner. And then Tessa peed in my shower b/c someone was in the bathroom at the time. What an asswipe. Actually I love the girl and claimed her as my freshman b/c she's an obnoxious drunk...she reminds me of myself... Yeah so I didn't really care that Tessa peed in the shower except that she started a trend and everyone started pissin in the shower. By the end of the night, I walked in on this jackass football player who looks like Rodney Dangerfield just sprayin away in my shower. I asked calmly, "could you wash that out before you go?" And he slurred, "you know I wassssssn't the firsssssst to do it..." and I replied, "that's wonderful, but could you still wash it out so there's not dried urine all over my shower tomorrow morning? Thanks." I think he failed to do so. It still smells awful, and I febreezed it. I hate Rodney Dangerfield. This weekend I had to drive all over Houston b/c we had to watch a bunch of practices for the team we're playing for this summer...the Houston Stars. It was a pain in the ass, but I'm starting to get excited about it. I mean we get to travel to cool places and play good teams (or so we've been told), and we get to play soccer all summer, which will be good preparation for next season. Yesterday our team got together at Vanessa's house (another teammate). Her dad makes really good steaks. I'll even say they were excellent. I heart team get-togethers. We're fun. We were talking about what we're gonna do for freshman initiation. I really like one of the ideas. This one girl on our team, Callye, is an excellent speed-skater, and she said she had enough speed skating uniforms for the eight freshmen coming in next year. So the idea is to dress them up in these spandex outfits, which by the way are pretty small and hilarious looking with zippers in the front and shit like that, make them wear those big sunglasses that speed skaters wear, and helmets, and walk around all day as if they were speed skating (you know, hunched over, left arm behind their backs, and their right arms swinging fervently from side to side). And if we catch them during the day not "speed skating" we get to throw something at their faces. That's one day. I think we're gonna make it a week. Another idea is to make them wear normal clothes to class, but make them wear swimming caps and goggles. I like that one too. I think it'll be a fun week.

 HOLLA...i like salt and thats why i like sushi--its a food truly intended to douse in soy sauce. i just got back from paris--scratch that, i got back this morning at 6 but then went straight to school and studied straight for 10 hours...i was super productive and only took two 15 minute breaks(one was mandatory because the people at my table were making out and i nearly threw up all over myself). i officially am a nerd. i love it. in fact i am going to bed as soon as i finish blogging (and i admit i am only blogging because of shawnas motivational blog that had me urning for the days of blog life). anywho, i went to paris for the weekend and stayed in the nicest apartment ever--the princess zollverein (if anyone remembers any history at all that should mean something to you) used to live there. there was a cook and a driver and it was amazing. lots and lots of fun. i got drunk at every meal. i smell like feet (i think the french rubbed off on me--damn smelly bastards). i have all my finals in three weeeks and ill admit it im a little tipsy now because i had wine with dinner so i am going to bed. i am happy that this blog made zero sense. its freaking hot in my room and i want to take off all my clothes, i am getting so hot, i am goingto take my clothes off....please, call me nelly. what happened to nelly? is he around anymore. i like nelly. nelly and kelly. cool. blue, cool. (joke for betsy) out

 shawna, how'd you know i spend all day and night working on puzzles......and by the way, they're not of castles in europe, they're of pueblos in mexico. ok, but seriously, i am frekin busy, i'm gonna be up all night studying tonight so tomorrow i can sleep before my final. LAME. hmmmmmmm my stories of the special brownies are too long so i have to wait till later to write those...ummmmmm......well, sorry i gotta go. but at least i'm putting in some effort. d.

 I have decided to put everything aside, my pride, my school work, my values and beliefs.... all to please my blog readers. I am going to post despite the fact that I too am in the midst of finals and papers. The fact that I do have a 7 page paper due tonight by 5 pm and have not even attempted to start will not stop me from blogging. The fact that i have a 10 page paper and a 3 page paper due tomorrow morning do not stop me from blogging... the fact that i have 3 tests in the next two days WILL NOT STOP ME. Why?!?! Because im too freakin lazy to worry about school and even though im lazy... i am bored, so i am blogging. The truth is... frankly i just miss the days when blogging 3 times a day was normal. When everyone got excited to get home and click on bffff.blogspot.com to find out what happened in each of the bffff's lives. I miss the days of making up elaborate stories... or completely exaggerating the real ones.... I miss having a shout out from each blogger... i miss giving shout outs to each blogger. I miss RPW starting his own blog because we inspired him. I miss RPW completely dissapearing off of the face of the earth and Sue's theory that he is coming to kill me. I miss HOTees & Co. and our countless posts about the company that never really made any progression whatsoever. I miss the fact that our Blog was not just a hobby.. BUT A LIFESTYLE. I miss Seeing LOL GF BFFF SISTAS STAY SWEET CALL ME on every post. I MISS MY BFFFF's! With that said... GET UP OFF YOUR LAZY ASS, TAKE TEN FREAKIN MINUTES OUT OF YOUR DAY AND GIVE ME A F-IN POST!!!! LOL GF LOVE YA LOTS! Heather, I understand that you are a senior and you are graduating. And i feel bad for you because you are an engineer.... so as long as you give a few novel blogs until graduation i will be satisfied..... Sue.... you are on a 5 WEEK SPRING BREAK... while yes you have to study because you are a nerd and you study all day.... you should at least leave ONE day of your week open to fully dedicate yourself to blogging. Besty.... you post enough... but if you stop i will yell at you because you ARE AN ART MAJOR.... i am one too and know how it is to be an art major: EASY. SO your only excuse is that you are too busy with your vibrator... which is completely understandable..... Dena...... i know you have a lot of spare time..... in which you probably spend doing large boring puzzles of castles in europe and baby kittens...... i have come up with a solution so you can fit Both your puzzles and blogs in.... instead of spending too much money on those large puzzles... get the mini ones.. now you can spend about 10 minutes on a puzzle... and the rest of the time blogging..... Angela.... you say you have nothing to say.... but you know what, YOU DRINK EVERY NIGHT..... YOU GO TO A&M, this means that you are drunk 24/7 which also means you can blog drunk which would make my reading experience very enjoyable...... so keep drinking and start bloggin.... Now that my internet stopped being such a faggot i can blog. SOOO.... friday i finish my workout and walk to my car....... i get inside put this keys in and all the sudden i see a paper cup sticking out underneath my windshield wipers... in chicken scratch is says..."FYI, you have a nail in your tire" .... GREAT. Thanks for the paper cup note telling me that my tire is going to pop any second and that i have NO money yet have to find a way to fix it. Well im pissed off because sure enough...there is a nail sticking in my tire.... so i had plans to go to angies lakehouse in austin but now with my tire being messed up and having no money to fix it... i have no way of getting there. I was sad. So the next day mike is nice enough to spot me the money to get my tire fixed ..... they fixed it and app. I had TWO NAILS in my tire.... how long they were in there i have no idea... i probably would have never known if it weren't for mr. paper cup note guy. Saturday, since i couldnt join angie in austin... i woke up at 5 am to go watch mike and carlos run a relay cross country race..... they got second. It poured down rain .. i got all wet but got free McD's breakfast burritos. YAY. Then we played halo yada yada..its amazing how long the day is when you get up at 5 am. That night kelcee ran the steeplechase in the Rice U track meet. It was her first steeplechase ever so it was quite entertaining to watch her "cannonball" into the first water jump. It was also pouring down rain there...so once again.. i was wet. Thursday i tripped over the wire on my lap top and it fell on the ground landing on the battery plug..which then broke in half. GREAT. So my computer is shut off for the next 3 days. Sunday i went to the mac store to buy a new one... i expected to spen about 20 bucks on a new battery... NOPE $85!!!! All my food money went to getting that damn battery so i could freaking blog... thats the only reason I got it... that and i had all my papers on my computer and i needed them. But still as you guys can see...i am fully dedicated to this blog and I will not rest till i feel that same dedication from each of you.... i want you to wake up every day and think.. "What can I do for my Blog today?" ...... Now i really do need to get on top of my school work. I heard that slacking off the last week of class is NOT a good idea. P.S anyone wanna write a behavior change paper for me. I pay in sexual favors.... 3 for each paragraph.... let me know! THANKS GIRLFRIENDS,LOL TTYL!!!! HOLLA

 HOLLA....i don't have time to talk....have all my finals this week and haven't really studied much yet. but another guy jumped out of a building and this time died. come one people....it's just school. stories about special brownies and drinking to come......good times!! dena

 I am shocked and appalled by the lack of blog!!!! I have not had access to the internet for the past three days and the blog went down the drain!!!! MAN. Yall better get on top of it. In the mean time i have a test and a 7 page paper i need to do before 8 am..... HOLLA

 HOLLA Somebody write damnit!!!

 HOLLA In the words of Sisqo, last night I went to the wild wild west. Oh shizzle sticks! Well, it was Janelle's (teammate) 21st birthday so a lot of us went to this country bar/club/whatever called Wild West. I hate to love it. It's hilarious...hicks everywhere. I love hicks. They had these hilarious chandeliers...they were saddles that had mirrors all over it, basically a mirror ball in saddle form. So tacky. People from Skoal were doing some promotional thing, so our hick football boys had stacks of Skoal everywhere. I played with it. I was a little drunk, I'll admit it. It kinda looks like crumbled brownies. I sprinkled it on people. And I threw it on this one tennis guy who is an asshole. The flavored kinds really smell good...I recommend that if you ever have a pack of Skoal around to just go ahead, open it up, and take a whif. Smells like berries. Or wintergreen. Or perhaps even a wonderful vanilla scent. For any of you who watch the Bachelorette, the finalist from Friendswood was at Wild West last night. I personally didn't know who the hell he was but Amanda (teammate) nearly O'd on the spot. So like losers, we followed him around. Plus we were on a mission...Janelle wanted twenty-one kisses for her 21st birthday, so we figured he could be one. Didn't quite work out that way. However she did get kisses from all kinds of people, and she kept hitting on all of the bartenders who were trying to be nice but were just like "um I don't swing that way" (she's gay) and it was hilarious. Drunk ass. I think her twenty-one kisses turned into forty-nine. Well my classes are over which makes me way cool...I still have a paper to write and a project to do but who cares I'll do it at the last minute like I always do. Today in self defense we had to do a presentation regarding what we learned over the semester. I chose to do a puppet show. I think puppets are funny.

 HOLLA so i know i've been MIA for a while, but nothin's gonna change anytime soon. My capstone team is f*cked. we have 5 days to get everything working and we're about 2 weeks behind at LEAST! So, i'm in lab right now, just like i have been all week, and i'll be here for the next 5 days, probably only going home to shit/shower/shave (haha - daniel always uses that saying!) but i've been missin' my girls, so i had to quickly blog... a'ight, i'm out. i'll talk to y'all in 5 to 7 days... or sooner, if i get a chance... MISS YOU LOVE YOU WANT YOU!

 i am stressed out. Yes i am. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH Ok anyway basically everything is p.c queer! Too many things to see and people to do. ;) Yeah so Monday i go talk to the athletics lady who does room reservations at Cullen Oaks (on campus apt im supposed to live at) .... Well she says we have 6 spots left... but check back with me wednesday and I'll tell you if you have them. Wednesday (today) rolls around and she says ... "We are reserving the rooms for new athletes (freshman) so we can't give any to you." .... Well let me just tell you about this whole thing... the athletics dept reserves 75 rooms at Cullen Oaks for student-athletes.... football took up 20 of those rooms..... but anyway they are supposed to reserve me a room because A)Ill be an upperclassman and B) I asked for it first.... they are holding rooms for "prospective athletes" ... is that not gay!?!?!!! Im so pissed... so now i can't get in because i called the apt complex and tried to get in as a normal student and the girl told me..."There is a 150 person waiting list..." and i said well what are my chances of getting in? the girl replies with "You dont have a chance" ... umm dont be blunt or anything BITCH. Yeah so im a bit stressed now... as usual. Anyone planning on living in H-Town in the fall.. cause i need a roommate! Well anyway i voted for you betsy as well. I dont know how i got any votes because im as vulgar as a puppy on a mothers teet. haha.. that was the strangest analogy i have ever made. What polls do you want me to make? Ok well i have a million things to do.... MILLION .. no joke. yall blog. DO it! HOLLA

 HOLLA...i had something really good to say but i have forgotten...i am useless--i have to spend all day studying AGAIN because i fear that i willfail my exams--gotta go--i got the call. late,. ill write later tonight...i have a date..oooh

 holla..HOLLA.....dadadadadadadaa...balla balla. ummmm yeah. so i can't sleep and i don't really feel like it. hmmmmmmmmmm.....i really don't know what to say. BETSY I VOTED FOR YOU as most vulgar!!! it's true! shawna, you should put some more polls on there...i wonder if anyone else has voted besides us...haha..prob not. oh yeah, today i was sitting on the futon watchingt some tv and eating some salsa a chips. well, i knocked the chip bag over and spilled the chips...so i bend over to pick those up...and right when i come up w/ the dirty chips i hit the salsa bowl and it lands face down on my leg....the salsa spilled ALL OVER my jeans and the carpet and somehow managed to fly under the table, across the room and decorate my clothes on the floor. well, now there are red spots all over the carpet and it's not so good. ooooops. so shawna, thanks for passing out my phone number to random people...that's prob. why a couple years ago i missed a call and saw some unknown houston # on my phone. i called it and asked who's this? it was some mexican man who was in his 40's and he was like....'you sound cute...i have a 19 year old son...wanna talk to him?' yeah, that was prob. shawna giving out my # or something. alright, i guess that's all i have to say.....good job betsy on the cleans...i haven't done those in a while. they give me butt pain....OUCH. dena

 HOLLA Yeah I'm winning! Here, I'll help make it easy for those who are the undecided voters: SATURATED TAMPONS! DIARRHEA CRUST! GOLDEN SHOWER ON GRANNY MAE Anyway, I smell terrific. SIKE! LYLAS TTYL ALWAYS WRITE GIRL! Today we tested in weights...we did vertical and power clean today. I improved! I'm not saying my score though, so ha bitches! You'll never know. Before I started my vertical, I was playing with the punching bag...not the big one but the little one that you punch really really fast. Well I had just gotten out of self defense and I was all rarin' to go b/c self defense just makes you a little frisky...so I punched the bag as hard as I could. Forgetting that it's a tiny little bag, it went flying, and the follow-through of my punch made me run my fist into the metal pole behind it really hard. It hurt. I have a ten page paper due tomorrow. I'm gonna start tomorrow. I really love Nickelodeon. They have some really great shows you know. I mean they've got Spongebob and some other hilarious cartoons. There's no more Ren and Stimpy though...remember when that was on SNICK? Yes it was. YES IT WAS!! My personal favorite is the Amanda Show. The girl is a comic genius.

 HOLLA.....they're growing up so fast those olsen twins. i remember when they both played michelle on full house. those were the good old days. haha. so, craziness on campus yesterday....i was not a witness but my friend was there for all the action. right in the middle of class on the 8th floor of one of the buildings on campus....a guy has a panic attack. so he throws his chair at the window breaking it...and then runs and jumps out. this was in the middle of day where everyone saw. he landed on this platform/roof that covers some steps going into the front door of the building. well, somehow, even after falling 8 stories, the guy survived and managed to get away w/ 2 broken legs. i was going up to my class in that building and on the 1st floor you can look out the window right to the spot where he landed (it's about a foot away on the other side of the window)...so of course i HAD to look. there were little rocks on the platform but where he landed there was a huge dent and blood all over. it was pretty freaky...but i do beleive it was those rocks that saved his life. sucks to be that guy though...he can't even succeed at killing himself. some other news....i was in my jazz history class and there's this elevator that opens into the room (cuz they need to be able to bring pianos and stuff down there easily). so all year i have been joking around about how it would be funny if some random person just came out in the middle of class. well.... during class we kept hearing this bell/alarm ringing and it was coming from the elevator. everyone was wondering what was going on.....we all figured it was broken. my teacher pushed buttons to get it to stop but nothing happened. well, it's ringing constantly and finally my teacher is like, well, we'll just continue. so about 20 minutes later, we're listening to some music and all of a sudden the elevator dings REALLY LOUD and the doors open. some girl just walks out nonchalantly and goes, i was trapped in the elevator.....walks through the middle of the class and then leaves. it was hillarious...greatest randomness ever. oh yeah, and have you all seen the jackass episode where they dress up like robbers and go into the insurance agency from the ceiling and the black guy just bolts out of there as fast as he can? well, in my class...the second the first bell from the elevator rang, this black guy in my class grabs his backpack, stands up, and bolts to the door. meanwhile everyone else is just sitting there. he thought it was a fire alarm. it was pretty darn funny. alright, time to do my lab report. dena

 Today as i was reading my Us Weekly, which has to be the most reliable magazine EVER, I read an article about how the formally known "olsen twins" no longer want to be called the "olsen twins"... they say they are individuals and are turning 18 and want to be known as Mary-Kate and Ashley. SOOO i had to change the title of our blog.... these girls are becoming high maintenance... we need randomly select a new celeb to name our blog after that in the end really has nothing to do with the site. Where you all at. I feel like a psycho blogger because i keep bloggin to myself. HOLLA

 HI YALL! First and foremost: There is a death in the urlLink McDonalds family ..... How sad... he died of a heart attack. Do you think that he ate a lot of mcdonalds and that is the reason he had a heart attack? I dont know but that sucks. Anyway moment of silence .... now................. I had a very eventful weekend. BESIDES spending hours and hours making blogs/guest books/links on the internet... I did other things too. Friday: Went to Olive Garden with Angie K Melton. This was exciting... despite the fact I have NO money I found a way to eat. Angela and I shared the tour de italy .... After eating our "tour de italy" we came to the conclusion that Italy must be pretty fuckin small..... for it only took us about 10 seconds to eat. The chicken was also not so good... kinda poisonous tasting if you ask me. But like always they came through with breadsticks and salad. Thats all i need. After this we went to the district track meet to watch Kelcee and Erik run. It was only when we were at spring high school that we realized that track meets cost money. I am not used to this concept because i am normally participating. Well angie and I were in no way going to pay money to watch one race. We spent about 10 minutes pondering how we would get in for free. I thought maybe if we just ran in that would work... but then there's the whole wearing normal clothes thing... they probably wouldnt believe us to be competitors. Thankfully we saw kelcee doing her warmup and she walked with us and we just walked in. It was actually really easy to get in for free....so thank god we didnt waste our time scaling the fence or anything like that. Kelcee got 3rd but ran a great 5:06 mile... and 3rd in the 2 mile with 11:15 ... sucks that only 2 go to regionals. But she still kicked ass. Erik got 1st in both the mile and 2 mile. Later that night angela watched The Challenge and Cheaper By the Dozen... both very cheesy but AMAZING movies. All in all it was a good night. Saturday: I played on the internet. Sunday: Slept through church but strategically woke up in time to meet the family at IHOP for breakfast. Then me brianna and my dad went to astroworld. It was pretty fun because they rode all the rides i liked because i left early. Brianna made fun of me the whole time for being afraid of the Viper (a stupid rollercoaster) yet claimed the only reason she wouldnt go on this huge one was because it makes her "dizzy"... yeah right. I also lost my car in the parking lot and had to have some "security guy" on a bike help me find it. THen when i found it he continued to hit on me and tell me he can get me a GREAT discount on a season pass to Astroworld... the only thing is "he'll need my number in order to call me and get my information" ... yeah right. So naturally i gave him dena's phone number and left. Dena dont be alarmed if some guy calls asking you if you still want that season pass. After that mike and I met Katie and some other people at laff spot and saw a comedy routine. The first guy wasnt funny.. he was just scary and completely ADD. He would be telling a joke and then in the middle start a new conversation with himself. THe second guy was awesome tho. SOOO funny. I laughed a lot... usually i just feel embarassed for stand up comedians because they arent funny... but this guy was good. After that mike, carlos, cole and i went to watch KILL BILL VOL2 ! OH man it was awesome. Great movie. But i liked the first one too.... so if you dont like the first one.. dont see the second. Anyway before the movie started i was taking stupid pictures of me mike and carlos with carlos' camera phone. THen this stupid jerk movie theater employee walks up to me and just stands there staring at me take a picture of C-Los. After im done he yells at me saying "You can't take any pictures inside the movie theaters" ... and walked off all steamed. WE WERE IN THE LOBBY..... not even in the theater yet.. and it was a freakin CAMERA PHONE! What the hell?! So I then joked "What am i gonna do... take a bunch of pictures of the movie and sell a bootleg flipbook version on the internet" ... he didnt hear me but i also took a picture of his ass while he was walking off... stupid bitch! Anyway so that was my weekend. Today i ran again. Still hurt like a bitch. I bet sue could run a marathon faster than i can run a mile. Seriously. Im slow slow slow slow. VERY SLOW. embarassing slow. Oh well. ANyway i had a lot of things to say but as i was writing this i realized i had a paper due today sooo.. i kinda need to write that. Ill write later. holla hOlla HoLlA HOLLA

 HOLLA. just wanted to say good job sue w/ the marathon. you are tough. on another note....i have to say every time i come into the music school here, there is always someone with a NASTY smelling funk going on. it's terrible..i don't know what it is about these music students but they have to have learned to wash themselves. if not, i'll teach them, cuz whew...it's NOT GOOD. on another related note.....never shake left hands w/ Indian/ pakistan/ iraq.....(anyone around that part of the world)....b/c they don't use toilet paper....they think it's barbaric and as a matter of fact scoop their poop with their left hand and then rinse it with water. yes it's true....so dont' ever touch their left hand...this is widely known in the business world. also, b/c i am left handed they think i am disgusting b/c that is the hand they scoop their poop w/. how is toilet paper in any way barbaric???? am i crazy? b/c i just don't understand that. oh well. alright, i'm gonna get out of here....i'll be looking for some great stories later on in the day....so GET BUSY!! your buddy old pal, "the cousin nobody knows"

 HOLLA--well i sucked hardcore yesterday but it was a learning experience and once i got over feeling like DEATH (miles 14-22) its wasnt half bad...i accidently used ALL of my energy in the first 13 miles--i did them all at 8:10 pace or faster...i felt so bad at mile 14 i stopped for like 7 minutes and just stood there breathing hard and it rained on me...anyway, depsite the fact i didnt get ny best time (or my worst time) i am still please that i did it and it was AN AWESOME event--35,000 runners and a MILLION spectators...it was fantastic! ok, i have to go to study dena the qualifying time for boston is 3:40 and that 8:27 miles--not too hard but not too easy either... i dont know if i can do chicago but BOSTON for sure next year!!!

 HOLLA....i just saw this and thought is was very scary.... the name of the school is BUNA and it talks about some lady named eva...ahhhh. weird coincidence? i don't know. our grandma's name is eva buna. http://www.esc05.k12.tx.us/bunaisd/

 HOLLA......since sex and the city is leaving....we have to watch nip tuck together this june! it's the BEST show ever! i may be the only person to watch it..i don't know...but it is SOOOOO GOOD. well, anyways, i just thought we should all get together and get back into the swing of things. sue, wanna run the chicago marathon? if it's possible at all for you to do, it's october 10th and i am gonna run it a long w/ jaime and our friend andrew. anyways, we have a place to stay for free. anyways, you should do it if you can...then we're gonna run boston if we qualify...the qualifying time really isn't all that fast. shawna, put some music on this blogsite...that's funny. like the comments ashley olsen put on your site? wow, she REALLY likes me. i guess i'm just hot right now. speaking of hot...i have some nice stripes on me from getting tanned. yeah...it's pretty hot....that's what all the guys tell me. haha jk. but i really do have some freaky looking tanlines. gotta love it. alright, time to eat some chicken NUGGETS. yummmmmmm. tyson chicken nuggets are the best!!!! (please tyson employees...i'm advertising....send me some free nuggets!!)

 HOLLA

 So HOLLA I was really bored last night until about 12:30 in the morn...Marisa, Ashley, and Becky walk in the door. So I walk out of my room to see that they're all wearing the wigs that Marisa, Lauren, and I wore to Archi Arts two years ago (a party thrown by the Architecture students, we went as female female impersonators) and they said they were gonna wrap the baseball boys' house. Yay! I joined in, threw on my neon wig, but on a English bobby hat (it's genuine too!) and off we went. We are twelve. It was fun. Better than another party...I say puh! to parties. It's always the same people, you know, people I don't particularly care about or want to make idle conversation with. I just can't do it. Some people love to socialize...I mean I hate to be a lame-ass but I just don't want to talk to you unless I find you genuinely interesting. So yay my social life has gone to an all time low...but hey I had a hell of a time! Ummm I don't have anything to say really, except I was watching a movie the other day and this subject came up during it: why do men find lesbian sex so hot? I was wondering the same thing. So I thought about it, and I came up with a theory...sort of: It's all Oedipal. That's it! Lesbians (at least if they're trying to turn on men) act more soft and nurturing...it could be translated, although rather pervertedly (is that a word?), in a mothering type of act as opposed to sex between a man and a woman. They're turned on by the nurturing aspect of it. Of course I'm writing as if I actually know what I'm talking about but hey, do I have a point? DO I??? That's what I thought. Men want to have sex with their moms. Hot. I saw Braveheart today on USA. Violent. Wholesome. Mel Gibson has beautiful eyes. I am bored. I have a ten page paper due Wednesday, but why start now?? No no! Tuesday night, that's go time. Suzy how'd you do in the marathon? Shawna how'd Kelcee do at Districts? Last night I was looking at prices for apartments in New York b/c I have no life. Good God. I will never be able to afford that. Looks like I'm gonna be a prostitute. At least I'll get laid. I'm pathetic. Good news: my ears are still pierced. I thought they had closed up and I need them to be pierced still for David's wedding. Fascinating. I'm getting a new cell phone soon!! Hopefully Monday. It's gonna be pretty, and I can probably download some douche bag cell phone music to go with it! I've had it with Nokia tune.

 So HOLLA I was really bored last night until about 12:30 in the morn...Marisa, Ashley, and Becky walk in the door. So I walk out of my room to see that they're all wearing the wigs that Marisa, Lauren, and I wore to Archi Arts two years ago (a party thrown by the Architecture students, we went as female female impersonators) and they said they were gonna wrap the baseball boys' house. Yay! I joined in, threw on my neon wig, put on a English bobby hat (it's genuine too!) and off we went. We are twelve. It was fun. Better than another party...I say puh! to parties. It's always the same people, you know, people I don't particularly care about or want to make idle conversation with. I just can't do it. Some people love to socialize...I mean I hate to be a lame-ass but I just don't want to talk to you unless I find you genuinely interesting. So yay my social life has gone to an all time low...but hey I had a hell of a time! Ummm I don't have anything to say really, except I was watching a movie the other day and this subject came up during it: why do men find lesbian sex so hot? I was wondering the same thing. So I thought about it, and I came up with a theory...sort of: It's all Oedipal. That's it! Lesbians (at least if they're trying to turn on men) act more soft and nurturing...it could be translated, although rather pervertedly (is that a word?), in a mothering type of act as opposed to sex between a man and a woman. They're turned on by the nurturing aspect of it. Of course I'm writing as if I actually know what I'm talking about but hey, do I have a point? DO I??? That's what I thought. Men want to have sex with their moms. Hot. I saw Braveheart today on USA. Violent. Wholesome. Mel Gibson has beautiful eyes. I am bored. I have a ten page paper due Wednesday, but why start now?? No no! Tuesday night, that's go time. Suzy how'd you do in the marathon? Shawna how'd Kelcee do at Districts? Last night I was looking at prices for apartments in New York b/c I have no life. Good God. I will never be able to afford that. Looks like I'm gonna be a prostitute. At least I'll get laid. I'm pathetic. Good news: my ears are still pierced. I thought they had closed up and I need them to be pierced still for David's wedding. Fascinating. I'm getting a new cell phone soon!! Hopefully Monday. It's gonna be pretty, and I can probably download some douche bag cell phone music to go with it! I've had it with Nokia tune.

 go to urlLink my blog ..... its not exciting.. in fact it will probably end up saying the same exact things that i say on this blog... but boredom is a bitch and it causes you to create many pointless blogs. Its true. ps i get major points for bloggin action today. LIke 1 million points. HOLLA

 as request to betsy i put back the title... but i do feel like we should come up with a good solid title. Something that represents who we are... how we think.... so ultimatley i think it comes down to sexual inuendos! What do you think? Haha... someone come up with something! Also heather i am trying to change the template because lets face it... these generic blogspot.com templates eat ass. So do you know of any good ones and how to change it with all our stuff still intact?! Let me know. I ran today.. i wasnt supposed to.. (you know the whole having knee surgery 3 weeks ago thing) Well i went to the track because i was bored and ran a mile. Let me just start off by saying after my first lap-- me, four months ago, would have been done with TWO LAPS already. It was sad. Then i crossed the finish is a speedy 9 minutes! Um... to be where i was in january i would have to run approx. one minute faster every lap. That is really depressing! And the worst part is how tired i was... my face was red... i was sweaty.... i was breathing hard..... and damnit i WASNT gettin ass, i was running a slow ass mile! At least i have all summer to get in shape. Not that i ever ran in the summers before but i guess now i have to. The good part about it is my right knee didn't hurt! (It was completely numb... couldnt feel a thing) BUT my left knee... it felt like death. Sooo lets cross our fingers that miss shawna doesnt have to get surgery on her other knee. SUE- RUN LIKE LIGHT! (check your IM ... you'll know what im talking about) good luck in the marathon! Bets ill have to look at my artwork and see what i have... if it doesnt resemble a penis or vagina im sure i can make it look that way. Ill let you know. ok well i must go do more internet stuff.... Im in the process of making my own personal blog... you know where all my deep personal stuff goes.. haha... really its just boredom. But its a spinoff of this one... so i named it spinoff.blogdrive.com .... im so creative. Ok. BYE HOLLA

 HOLLA Why the title change?? Poo poo. You want to make this blog more hip...let's put in some porn links. Another way to make it hip? Change my picture. Let's make this the main goal: operation change Betsy's repulsive picture. I really am incapable of looking normal in photographs. It's embarrassing. My soccer picture on the Rice website looks like ass too. Ok I'm going to search desperately for a decent looking picture of myself...Jesus jumping jack Christ. Sorry I know I always go on about my incapability of being photogenic, so I will stop...now. Yesterday, the Crasy Labias (Lauren, Marisa, and I) went to go watch our team practice...the one we're going to play with this summer. The league is called the WPSL and it's some amateur league that apparently a bunch of former WUSA players are playing in. Our coach's name is Luis, and my first impression of him leads me to believe that he is a prick. He talks to us as though he's doing us a favor by letting us play with his team this summer. And don't get me wrong, it's great to be able to play over the summer, not to mention travel places like Vegas and L.A. for free, but I think he's all talk. Some of those girls out there were good, definitely, but a lot of them sucked. Bad. I was not impressed. He made it seem as though the level was going to be so high that we weren't gonna be able to hang. We'll see Luis, we'll see damnit! Other news, I've decided that I'm going to fifth year at Rice...sort of. I will graduate/walk in four, with my B.A. in Visual Arts, but I will stay another year and get a second degree, my BFA (Bachelor Fine Arts). I figure that I'm serious about the art thing, it's going to be that much better for application for grad school, it'll give me the experience that I need, time to build my resumee, and my scholarship will carry over, making it pretty cheap for me. Also, I was talking to one of my professors, and she said that she might be able to hook me up with this awesome internship in New York for not this summer, but the next. It's unpaid, which means I'll have to get a job and/or sell my body in order to pay the apparently exorbitant living expenses up there. But that would be awesome. I'm really excited. I think things are starting to come together. Don't get me wrong...I'm still scared to death about my future, but I figure if there's a will, there's a way. Besides I really love what I'm doing, so I'm prepared to be homeless. No I'm not. But I'm prepared to do whatever it takes to not be homeless. Sue/Dena/Shawna, are there any cheap tanning places in Spring? I need to be a uniform color, even if it's orange, for the infinite number of weddings I'll be attending this summer. By infinite I mean two. But still, that's about as many weddings as I can take. Weddings aren't that bad though...there's usually an open bar and cheese cubes. And you get to get pretty for them. Every now and then I like to go all out you know? I think you do. I'm hungry. All I've had today is Spaghettios...the alphabet kind. Oh yeah and Slim Fast...hell of a meal. Oh I was talking to my professor (the one who might get me the internship in New York) and she said I need to start putting on my own art shows. Like get a few people together, pool your pieces together and make a fun little gallery...shit to build your resumee. I was having trouble thinking of a decent conceptual theme though, until today it hit me. A lot of my pieces look rather phallic, not intentionally (could be b/c I'm the most sexually frustrated girl on the planet), but they do. Anyway, so I was thinking the theme could be phallic and vaginal art. Yay! I'm already pumped about it. You know how people are...they love to stare at weiners (sp?) and vages. You know it's true...it's like car wrecks. It's just fascinating. Anyway, let me know what you think. And Shawna, if you have any works that somewhat resemble naughty bits and you want to put on a show with me, let me know! This is gonna rule.

 yALL iM dOING a bIT oF sPRING cLEANING oN oUR bLOG.... aNY iDEAS ??!?!? wE hAVE TO mAKE oUR bLOG hIP! hEATHER hELP mE cAUSE i kNOW yOU aRE a cOMPUTER nERD lIKE mE! wORD oF tHE wEEK: hIP HOLLA

 HOLLA....hahaha. people who read this site (if any besides RPW if he's still around) must think we're crazy. especially if the olsen twins ever came across this. HAPPY OLSEN DAY. wow, i never thought i'd say that. they should be proud....maybe there's an olsen twins cult out there and they read our blog religiously every day b/c it is the olsen twins blogspot. haha. anyways, i'm going out to the park to enjoy the BEAUTIFUL weather that is today!!! dena

 COMMENTS & TRACK BACKS TOO... THE LOOK OF BFFFF BLOG IS CHANGIN! HOLLA

 WE NOW HAVE A GUESTBOOK! HOLLA

 Today, April 17th, i declare national Olsen Twins Day. Because our blog could not have made it this far without the olsen twins... i feel it is our duty to honor them. Angela and I wathced "The Challenge" starring mary-kate and ashley tonight..... from now on...april 17th you must watch at least one olsen twins movie or tv series episode. If not you must stare at an olsen twins picture for at least an hour. With that said, angela and I watched the challenge tonight and it was amazingly stupid and that is why i love the olsen twins. They make amazingly stupid movies. BUT huge announcement: NEW YORK MINUTE a movie by none other than Mary-kate and Ashley is coming out in theaters soon.... so GO WATCH IT. anyway i just wanted to commemorate the inspiration of this blog... haaha (cause it has soo much to do with them) ..... GO OLSEN TWINS. YOU ROCK. HOLLA

 HOLLA shawna, i feel for you; i really do. let's make you some money... what kind of crap do you have laying around that we can sell on eBay? you take the pictures and write up a little description of the stuff, email it all to me, and i'll list it for you! We'll rip some people off, and in a week or so you'll be high-rollin' it again!! fine print: my commission is one (1) sexual favor per item, paid in person, due the next time i see you... Speaking of charity eBay auctions, I had to cancel this Austrian girl's bid on an item cause she was an idiot and put "$5,50" as her maximum bid instead of "$5.50"! ummm, hello... i know you might be used to european ways of doing things, but here in the good ol' U. S. of A. we use a DECIMAL POINT, not a comma... get with the times. i guess it goes right along with the whole, "I say COLOR you say COLOUR" thing... but with numbers... anyway, she sent me like, 7 emails crying and whining in broken english, wondering why she was still the high bidder. So i had to cancel her bid of $550 (haha) and now the auction went from $11.50 back down to $0.01. But i know that fantom boy put a bid in of at least $10, so hopefully it will get bid up again... **hint hint: someone put in a bid of $10** dena, i'm totally with you on the "hold the drink" idea @ subway... i never even WANT the drink. they're definitely losing major $$ on that one. shawna, they should put that chemical in the swimex that makes the water turn purple if someone pees so they know who's doing it! i always thought that was so cruel to kids when they started doing that at community swimming pools. i mean, every kid should have the right to pee in the pool without being picked out and embarrassed for it. SEX is a pretty tough scrabble word to give up... especially if you get it on a triple word score! did i ever tell you guys that once I got a BINGO (where you use all seven of your letters at once) with the word "ZYGOTES"?! AND it was on a triple word score! that was awesome. i'm so piiiimp like that. so, i've never used a vibrator... think they're kinda scary. actually, i think i'd like it too much and then the thought of having actual sex will just be shot to hell... but who knows, maybe i'm totally off (pun intended). all you sexperts out there, please gimme feedback on this mentality. Okay, i'm off like betsy with a rabbit on level seven. h.

 Yo Zackeee (random? yes, cool? Hell YES) Anyway.... so yes its been a day.... but i prepared you for the "drought' with three delightful blogs so give me a break. I decided im going to call everyone Zackeeee, you know like Tory on Saved by the Bell.. she was SO COOOL. Yesterday i have an excuse for not posting. I was poisoned by Star Tuna (CHUNKY LIGHT) .. anyway yeah so i have NO FOOD/NO MONEY. Wells fargo charged me 200 dollars in overdraft fees (which were all LIES) so I am poor poor poor. All i have in my pantry is star tuna. So i had like 4 tuna sandwiches (with old bread). Yesterday I threw up like 4 times and felt like crap... it was HORRIBLE. So i vow on my life never to eat star tuna again... well at least after i have money.. NEVER AGAIN. Until the day i have money i will be stuck eating star tuna chunky light. So i decided we should all start a charity auction on ebay for ME.... because frankly i need it. Here are the reasons i need it: 1. I have been in TWO accidents within 6 months and had TWO new cars 2. My knee fell apart and had to be fixed 3. I am super cool 4. I am pooooooooor 5. I eat old bread and tuna in order to live 6. Cause i NEEED MONEY see its really urgent. Angela and I are going to Olive Garden tonight for the first time in YEARS. or something like that. Anyway i am excited.. this is the highlight of my year. Really. Then i am going to watch kicker kelmee (kelcee) run districts at spring high school... she is going to kick some ass. It should be a very fun filled night. As long as i get bread sticks i dont care what i do. I watched Kill Bill Vol1 last night for the second time... great movie. Its sooo gross you have to love it. Who doesnt like seeing Lisa Liu's scalp fly across the snow?!?! Because i sure as hell like to. and the band the 5,6,7,8's (those three short asian rocker chicks) are sooo cool! Their songs make NO SENCE....."bluee-ue-ue do be do be do be do be" ...Uma Thurman kicks ass and i am going to be her. Really i am... i am going on "i want a famous face" on MTV and becoming Uma thurman. The episode airs next month. That was a lie. Betsy art majors are smart.... we get to spend all class doing fun things.. its like pre-school for grownups. Then when we graduate we can just become teachers or something.... or be homeless and sell cardboard artwork on the side of the road. Either way... we are smart. I saw this lady in a chair on the side of 610 KNITTING BARBIE CLOTHES and selling it to people.... random! I can just see it "Oh my god... im soo happy you are here, i have been looking for home made barbie clothes all day!!" I guess you gotta make your money somehow.... Astros are awesome. I was listening to Jim Rome today and he is funny. Actually i listen to him everyday at 11 am because i do.... it reminds me of sue. Then i pretend like jim rome is sue and i start talking to my radio. Its fun. But damnit sue... do you EVER stop talking about sports? GO COOGS. OH my god! Yesterday i was watching tv and Macgiver (sp?) came on! I used to love that show... but holy crap its sooo cheesy and fake. Macgiver is amazing.. he can get out of any situation. Yesterday they were trying to figure out how to get into a safe and he goes "....hand me an apple and some cabbage" ... NO JOKE. IT was hilarious. OOH macgiver.. what a crazy guy... his mullet is sexy. Well yeah im rambling now. I really have nothing to say and I am about to go eat. I should have some interesting news tomorrow. OR MAYBE TONIGHT if your lucky. DId you like my random comments? Out like Macgiver HOLLA

 HOLLA....well, i just woke up from sleeping all day and missed the nice weather we finally had. stupid test:( blahhhhhh. ummmmm here's a shirt idea from my AI: got test-tickles (testicles) ok, i don't have anything intersting....except that a lot of my blogs keep screwing up and don't get posted. dena

 well, i was mistaken, it did post and now it says the same thing twice. oh well. deal with it...i guess it just makes heather that much cooler...also, it moves me way up on the blogging totem pole...three blogs for me and NONE FOR YALL! haHA. ps. i conquered spider FOREVER ago...i rule at spider aaaaaand one of the guys in my course that i was studying with today is like in the top 10 of the videogamers in the world...he goes to competitions...and he is kick ass at HALO--i told him that he needed to play my friends at HALO because they kicked my ass and its very rare that i get an ass kicking back to the books

 so i posted this morning and now its gone but essentially it said that **heather is the best friend ive never met** and i wish my gma was half as cool as yours

 hey, i am out the door on my way to a study group but i wanted to thank heather soooo much for being the best friend ive never met! ok, learning time...goooooo agriculture!

 HOLLA...no time to say hello, goodbye, i'm late i'm late i'm late. haha...i hated that show...stupid alice in wonderland. always freaked me out as a kid. anyways, i just thought i'd type a little bit about it on here for you all. so i was bored and looked up the details of azerbaijan on the internet and according to yahootravel.com...... "Unless you're looking for oil, good caviar or a jumping-off point for a trek into the Caucasus Mountains, it's unlikely you'll want to visit this small country" here is the link to that : (http://search.travel.yahoo.com/bin/search/travel/?p=azerbaijan&search.x=15&search.y=6) haha...isn't that funny? travel sites even say it's crappy w/ no nightlife or anything. sucks to be brianna. hahahahahahahahaha. well, i gotta study for my 7:30am test tomorrow:( talk to you all after that! d.

 HOLLA I don't mean to brag, but yes I do...I just won the difficult level of Spider Solitaire! Oh I love myself it's true. LYLAS gurls stay sweet call me over the summer! Also I wanted to mention that I made a mistake...the "down low" episode of Oprah is actually tomorrow...oops! But still, there have been some great episodes this week...and Dr. Phil was pretty intense today. Is the dad a prick or what?? Bastard. Suzy and I were having a convo earlier about vibrators...apparently the new rabbit has seven levels. Has anyone tried this little bunny out? What I'm trying to say is, are these levels just silly gimmicks (sp?), or is it worth all the money? I'm curious. I wonder if there are sex toy reviewers, and if so, I wonder how many stars they use to rate them. Additionally, I wonder what kind of education they would have to have as a background. Perhaps a degree in journalism? Tell me your thoughts. Please. I'm dying to know. Especially considering I'm going to be homeless in approximately one year. I have no shame...I'll take any job I can get. Speaking of sex toys, I've been thinking about creating an installation of sex toys...I want it to be something aesthetically beautiful, yet made out of something repulsive. I don't have any installation space though. And, believe it or not, I don't have that many sex toys. I wonder if I worked at a porn shop if they'd just pay me in sex toys, giving me the proper media to create my installation... Why are Heather and I the only ones to blog recently?? Bullshit. I never blog more than other people; I also have no life and I genuinely look forward to reading this every day. So either take a shit or get off the pot girls! Sorry that phrase doesn't exactly apply but I felt like using it b/c I heard it today and thought it was interesting. Today in self defense we did this simulation where you have to stand there with your eyes closed. The instructors verbally taunt you and won't start to attack until you verbalize back. And you can't open your eyes until they grab you. People thought it was funny b/c I was responding to them in a really profane manner...like "you're going to die, bitch" and "fuck off, asshole" but I just couldn't think of anything else to say. I felt a little uncomfortable saying things like that to my instructors, but hell, I'd probably say it in real life and they told us we could say whatever we wanted in the beginning, so why not. Oh yeah I wrote a few days ago about this one recruit, Kirsten, who came on a visit and we all liked her. Well she committed! Yay. She's fun. The only downside to this is that we are seriously going to have 987889 people on our team next year and some of us are gonna have to share lockers and shit. Not me though b/c I'll be a senior. Haha! Um I have nothing else to say, and I should have lots to do, considering it's near the end of the year, but I am an art major and therefore don't do work. I would laugh except I have a completely impractical major and very soon I will probably be homeless. Neat. Bye.

 HOLLA y'all! QUICK! Go bid on urlLink Sue's Abercrombie auctions! I started 5 of 'em @ only a penny, so bid 'em up, yo. And hey, if you accidentally win one, @ least it's something cute! haha! Tell your friends, kids! -heather :)

 HOLLA Sue that's scary! Tell your friend to go to a doctor NOW. Bloody poo is bad. Of course she might just have some 'roids...good times. Anyway, I heard my roommate (will remain nameless) having sex today. I sat down at my desk and at first I thought it was the tv, but nope it sure wasn't. I was gonna leave, but then I figured they'd hear me leave, know I was here, and boy wouldn't that be akward! So I opted to close my door and try to take a nap. Instead I tried not to laugh like an immature asswipe. And she found out I could hear anyway, so the whole trying to hide in my own room didn't work. Not that I really care...it was funny to me, probably akward for her. Actually scratch that, we've been living together for forever so nothing's akward ever. I forgot to mention that my friend/teammate Angela is getting married this summer. What has the world come to?? Already two Challenge teammates are either married or about to be. I feel old. Since I'm on the topic of sex (two paragraphs ago), I've decided my limit on virginity. I figure I might as well wait until I'm in love, but SHIT, if I'm 25 and I still haven't done it, that's it. Fuck love, I'm humping the first living organism I come in contact with. So at midnight of my 25th birthday, for the love of GOD please don't let it come to this, if I still have my lame ass virginity, it's gone. Gone! Yesterday a few artists came in to show us their work from the Glassell (sp?) School of Art. It's in Houston and it's really awesome. One of the girls was a sculptor who worked with sound bites...she did this one video installation with talking hands. It was hilarious but it wasn't meant to be. But hell, if you're gonna talk about serious things through talking hands, you're asking for people to laugh. It was creepy but I love creepy and therefore loved seeing their work. In fact, there's so many awesome art museums, schools, galleries in Houston and I never go to see anything. I am pathetic. Neat. Oh, the Egyptian President is here at Rice which is annoying b/c everything shut down in preparation for him to show up. No Sue I'm not going to see him speak...sorry. But my roommate Raffi is...she's gonna fill me in. Ok I think that is all.

 i think its pretty safe to say that dena wears the most "makeup". and we all love her for it. sadly i have returned to celibate sue queen of the prude. damn marathon training. all i can say is this--the marathon is sunday, i am going out sunday night and I'll be damned if i come home. just kidding. really. but if i dont get a little love and adoration and possibly some makeout, there will be hell to pay (i should too, i have a wonderful conversation starter) ok, i have to go to bed. i am meeting up to run with espen the norwegian god , aka beer man, in the morning and if i dont get my manadatory 10 hours of sleep theres a good chance ill die. speaking of dying, my friend natasha, not tasha from tulane, has blood in her poo. she was all embarrassed to tell me and i kept laughing and telling her just how cool she was. haha, poo, haha holla bloggas holla

 Just wanted to say dena and i posted at EXACTLY THE SAME TIME... 2:09... that is crazy. Its because we were treated as twins growing up so we do everything alike. Also i had to blog again because i am trying to kiss some major blog ass for an upcoming blog drought..... heather and I are major Blog Ass Kissers..... HOLLA

 I have two things to say before i go run in the pee-infested waters at UH: 1. Sue turned british-- "colouring" ..... omg! So british! its COLORING sue... COLORING. What have they done to you? 2. I dont wear makeup..... but I LOOK LIKE I DO... hahahaha (implying that i have a lot of sex) (But now you all know i am lying because hey.... its me) (Damnit) TAH TAH BOSS (khs lunch crew 2000) HOLLA

 HOLLA...just wanted to say good job on all the blogs...especially heather w/ the mutiple ones and shawna w/ the marathon novel blog. ummmmm....sorry i am spending the next 2.5 days reading about molecular biology so i don't really have time to write anything good...but i will leave you with this thought....... doesn't it make sense that if you go to subway and are using stamps to get a free sub, instead of buying a medium drink (that you DON'T WANT) you should be able to buy 3 cookies and a bag of chips (which in the end costs more tahn that stupid drink)? well, that's what i thought, but apparently the only thing you can buy to get the free sub is a medium drink. JERKS. well, needless to say i skipped out on the cookies and chips...only bought the drink, and they definately lost a good dollar or so. so HA. later,d

 I AM NOT a SLACKER. I have many reasons for my lack of blog. 1. I was dying for approximately 2 weeks 2. After I came back to life I had 5 billion things to make up for school 3. I was out of town all weekend... (austin/klein) 4. I blogged like TWO DAYS ago 5. GET OVER IT Ok, now that i have salvaged my blogging reputation I get to gossip and talk about dirty sex and make up elaborate stories about my life. Ok well AZERBAIJAN is not certain yet... my dad will find out within the week because they need to figure out the plans of it all before they give him the job if they give it to him. I dont really count on anything though because they (BP) lied to us many times..... flashback: Indiana 1999 "You will live here until you graduate highschool" 6 months later: "we are moving back to houston" .... as you can see what they say is not reliable. Anyway it is a very big possibility but it doesnt really affect my life that much... other than the fact that i get to visit sue.... which is REALLY REALLY a HUGE deal.... sooooo they better move! Only for the sake of suzy because i know she misses me like CRAZY. So this weekend wasn't that great. Let me explain to you my friday.... R.E.I is this HUGE store that sells camping gear/athletic equiptment (overpriced Academy) ... anyway it's mike's all time favorite store because he is a huge camping junky. SOOO there is this annual sale in the Austin location so mike drove up 2 days early to be the first in line.... yes i am telling the truth. But app. EVERYBODY does this.... only 1 hour after he got there people started showing up. They all camp outside the store. This is a big deal in the camping world because things that are worth 100 dollars are sold for like 75% off... ANYWAY ... i have nothing better to do so me carlos and kelcee drive up friday night and camp out too. Actually kelcee and I slept in the back of mikes jeep.... they all camped outside. Man i woke up the next morning and my legs were like stuck in the fetal position... it was horrible. The sale started at 9am so i get up at like 8:30 and sit up and there are people standing around the car.... i was like this is akward because who knows how long they were standing there watching me and kelcee sleep!!! It was odd... my hair was sticking up everywhere and my makeup was all over the place and people were just staring at me. Odd. Anyway so basically me and kelcee waited around while they shopped and then we left at 11 am. NOT the highlight of my life... in fact i spent $40 on gas in 24 hours! I was not too happy about this. So yeah it wasn't that fun. But the rest of the weekend i just hung out at the 'rentals place. The most exciting part of this was when we were playing scrabble (with my parents) and mike puts down the word SEX ..... yeah that wasn't akward or anything, but mike being the competitor he is couldnt pass up such a good word despite how much it would embarass him or myself. My parents just kinda laughed and didnt say anything after that. Now im just trying to write all the 5 million papers i have and study for the 5 million tests i need to study for.... Oh yeah and then when im done with my finals... i get to take 9 HOURS OF SUMMMER SCHOOL ... YAY. School is the super Devil X 10000000... i think satan is school... therefore in order for me to be true to my faith to God i must quit... its the only logical thing. Betsy and I discussed the origin of why the bunny represents easter..... whenever im not lazy you all will be recieving a chain letter..... it will blow your mind. Really it will. You will be blown away. Completely blown. Really Really Blown. Ok just had to build some suspense there. Oh yeah Im finally doing some real working out that doesnt consist of me lifting my leg up 10 times then icing..... Im doing the swimex which is basically me running against a current in a pool. Kinda exciting i guess... better than leg lifts. The water is gross tho.. its all yellow and smells bad. Betsy and I also discussed peeing in the pool.... i wonder how many people pee in that swimex a day... because lets face it, Athletes are gross... we do gross things... Im sure if i wasn't soo extraordrinary i would have peed in the swimex.. but im just too cool for that ...cough cough... ;) Anyway yeah its a gross thing to think about .... but hey im sure urine has some essential nutrients in it ... sooo in conclusion drinking urine is good for you. WELL mike and I are getting lunch now.. and i would continue to Blog but in reality Food is just way more important to me.... Im sorry but i dont want to end up like that model. (Even though i looked like that approximately one week ago) .... it wasnt fun. But i did get a lot of compliments on how skinny i was... what a sad world we live in... 95 pounds is beautiful apparantley? To me its sick... GROSS OUTRAGEOUS HORRID.... i think we should all just put on 50 pounds or so... that way we can raise the "skinny bar" and then we wont feel so bad. the theme of today is exaggeration... its makes everything soo much better.... AWESOME AMAZING SPECTACULAR. good day sir. HOLLA

 that stick insect is H-O-T hot. wow, maybe if i stop eating for a year and let myself deteriorate i too can look like that--heres hoping. is this where our society is headed--death is cool. when did it become asethetically pleasing to look at a walking corpse? blegh, that gave me shivers. i find that i have increasingly become a feminist with my old age ( i have lots to study but i feel the need to get the word out). i find it appauling the torture that women go through everyday...and for what? men? society? other women? money (this, i feel, is the only acceptable one)? the point is, i walk to work everymorning and i see all these women, struggling to put on makeup, talk to their kids on the cell phone running to work, all while trying to balance on three inch hells and wearing a skirt that allows zero to no mobility. first off, leave earlier! (morons) second, dont have kids. theyre way more trouble than theyre worth...but after that...i mean COME ON WOMEN..bank together, say NO to makeup and painful shoes and bad skirts. men too! say no to ties. i understand that one girls likes to little pretty and the other ones cant stand my and see that happen but i think that the problem lies in what society thinks is pretty. wearing shoes that make you stand on your toes is pretty? why arent cankles??? cankles are hot dammit. im bringing them back. and the whole makeup thing--dont get me started...the history behind makeup is the colouring of the face to make women look like theyve just had sex. HISTORY LESSON: it all started with prostitutes. after they had sex they would have flushed cheeks and red lips and dark circles under theyre eyes (because all that sexing is hard work and they just want a nap)...this is where i convulute history a little to match my point...and then all the aristocratic women who were too concerned with looking all proper in their big dresses and wearing corsets that broke their ribs and made them unable to breather realized that they werent getting any (they would have noticed sooner but they didnt drink water back then and everyone was drunk anyway). soon, they found out that their homo-erotic husbands, when not running around with the man servant peirre or louis the 14th, were getting ass from the town skank who was just trying to earn a buck because queer louis the 14th is spening all the national income on his collection of high heels and powdered wigs. the proper ladies are geting horny and in order to entice their pedophilic (the prostitute is 12) bisexual hubands have to try and look like the 12yr old so they but blush on their cheeks, bat dung on their eyes and tatoo their lips red. AND THAT IS WHY WE SHOULD ALL STOP WEARING MAKE UP UNLESS MEN DO IT TOO! thank you and good night

 HOLLA Sue-- we must have been posting at the same time, cause i just now read your blog. we all feel fat now and again, don't we girls? but that doesn' mean we have to resort to self-abuse and starvation. didn't you learn ANYTHING from the After-School Special, "Jenny, Eat Something!"?? Just like Jenny, you may have a serious problem. But seriously, girls, I saw these very disturbing pictures an urlLink anorexic model ... i didn't think it was even POSSIBLE to get this skinny. Poor girl... I feel so sad for her. It's like she totally lost control. That's gotta be fatal, right?? yikes! okay, i'm going for real this time... (actually, i'm just trying to better my position in the LAZY BLOGGERS rankings... haha) Heather

 HOLLA okay so i know i should be doing my taxes, but i was just IMing my friend Andrew and he reminded me of a funny story from today!! So, we took a break from Capstone to hit up the DQ, and on the way there, I was like, "mmm, i'm gonna get a starkiss!! i loooove those things!" and then andrew's like, "no, wait... you should order something else that's really fatty, and then I'll but in and order something else for you cause i think you need to drop 10 pounds, or something like that..." so we go in, and the guy behind the counter is the spitting image of The Shermanator from American Pie... He asks me what i want, and I say, "oooh, can i get a double chocolate cone dipped in fudge or chocolate or something?!!" and he starts to ring me up when andrew buts in and says, "Actually, she'll have something FAT FREE." and i give this awful "i hate you glare" to andrew, and shermanator's looking at me, then him, then back at me, and i finally say, all depressed-like, "fine. just give me a cherry starkiss." and andrew asks the Sherm, "those are FAT FREE, aren't they?" and the sherm is like, "umm, uhhh, ummm, yeah, i think so, uhh..." So he finally rings us up and tells us our total. Andrew just stood there staring at me, like, "aren't you gonna pay??" So i yell out, "what, you're gonna make me pay AGAIN?! okay, fine. whatever. you're such an asshole sometimes." and i pay the guy. Shermanator gets my change and places it in my hand, and before i can close it, andrew rips the money away from me and tells me to get my ass out to the car... so we storm outta there, andrew giving me that "don't give me no lip, BITCH!" type of attitude/vibe, and me just being the submissive, verbally abused girlfriend... haha! it was hilarious! we had the whole thing pretty much planned out before we went in. you guys should def try this sometime... it's great!! a'ight Gs, i'm out. Heather

 HOLLA Dena, I liked how you saw "the biggest BUT " you've ever seen... nice typo! no, that's pretty scary, though. were you with us that year when we were "hunting" for hermit crabs to race in roatan, but instead, what do we see under the beam of our ONE flashlight while we're standing in the middle of a jungle in pitch darkness... A TARANCHALA! that thing was fricking huge, tall, and hairy! gross! crazy about the azerbaijan news... how soon would they be moving?? does g-ma know yet? haha! oh, and "afro-american autobiography" should be a good one... I took "african music" last semester, and it was grrrrrrreat! Betsy -- of COURSE i can help you out... for a price, that is. My going rate for helping with that sort of thing is 2 sexual favors, if done in person; 5 sexual favors if done online (via cyber). Although i'm always willing to negotiate... let's talk. sue, i know i promised your charity auctions, and don't worry, they're still coming, i just haven't been home!! (school). Sooo, i'll do a 3-day auction starting in the morning... Well, i actually have to do my taxes still, so i better get going! They're due in, what? One day?! haha! way to put it off, Heather! I'M NEVER HOME ANYMORE!! It's ridiculous! gotta bounce, y'all... like dena's love handles after she's eaten too many chocolates, even though g-ma warned her not to... Heather

 HOLLA soooo i just woke up after a very very trying day...i found out that i was fat. sure, i always knew that i was average to big BUT after walking around all day feeling fat i come home, talk to my mom (who has talked to my dad and looked at pictures of me at the race) and she says not only does it look like ive pt on lbs since the wedding but that my dad called me FULL. FULL? what the hell is full? full is fat. so i am going all out on this one to be normal by the time i'm 21 (that gives me 6 weeks of harcore eating disorder time) last night i figred out that the smartest eating disorder people are the anorexics, but they have too mch will power and i could never stop eating. i cant be bulimic because it doesnt work. i would be a workout aholic but my ankle is sort of hurt so i cant start that until after the marathon (i dont want to get hurt before the race). sooooo, the next time you see me, ill be HOT! it is decidely so. betsy, being a bridesmaid is overrated. besides what if you had like 10 other sisters, that would put her in quite a pickle wouldnt it? and she didnt ask annalise either did she? wait! maybe davids fiance IS a bitch. shes a bitch and a whore and i wont have her marrying into your family. im coming to the mainland to stop the wedding (when is it?) i miss roaches. they dont have them here and they truly are one of natures miracles. what other animal can walk around with no head for 9 days and not die or has been around longer than dinosaurs and sharks (sharks are cool too...more another time). ok, i am officially a dirt kid. i even showered this morning. it got so bad i had to. i got a stye. i hate having styes because its like telling the world, "hi, i dont shower...i may not smell, but look! my hygience is affecting my health" argh...thats bullshit i have a tv bt no tv antennae so i cant watch tv unless i steal marceillos---normally i do, but i have become increasingly lazy (could explain the fatness) and cant get myself off my fatass down to the ktchen to steal it....so i watch one channel--and its a fuzzy--and only gets every other word. oh well. one day ill invest in my own. well its 845 and i need to be on my way to the library. i am such a LOSER. but i love it. i didnt run this morning and its soooo hard to run in the mornings now--i think i have shawnas disease where you cant run until later in the day--im adjusting to this but i dont think i like it. maybe we can form a support group. ouuuuuuut

 HOLLA...here is the blogger top 10 list: LAZIEST BLOGGERS!!! 10-2). eh, i guess me betsy and sue 1). SHAWNA, HEATHER, ****ANGELA**** well, i thought i'd fill you in on that. oh some other news.....last night as i was about to fall asleep i just happened to glance at the wall and noticed the biggest but i've ever seen in my life. we're talking about 1.5-2 inches long and about the width of a big cockroach. at first i thought it WAS a cockroach but then it started crawling up the wall...i'm not kidding...it had cockroach legs but its body slithered like a snake. it was so NASTY....i think i screamed and i was standing up on the bed cuz i was affraid there might be more on the floor. well, i got it killed but honestly, i have never seen any kind of bug like that. every time i see the smudge marks from its guts on the wall i get chills from the flashbacks. well, if you can imagine it i'm sure you would be freaked out too....i was scared to go to sleep all night. betsy, your brothers are SO CUTE:) it's funny how they're all shy and stuff. i've never heard of that rule about how you have to have the groom's sister in the wedding. i don't think i would have. actually i know i wouldn't...i already have too many ppl to choose from. of course there's always the whole sister thing....and then there's always the whole bfffff thing....whoever can promise me the best bachelorette party gets to do it. haha. well, i hope everyone is doing super-D-duper...i will be after my test friday. oh and next tuesday i'm having a chem lab reunion party at one of the pubs by campus right after class....we're gonna get our teacher trashed cuz he's coming...hahaha..it's gonna be great. alright, talk to you all later, dena

 HOLLA bitches! So how was everyone's Easter? Mine was great, glad you asked. Anyway, I went to New Orleans for Easter....saw my dad, Maria, the triplets. It was awesome...I haven't seen them in forever, and I love my little brothers and sister. They are hilarious. We drove to Diamondhead, Mississippi to go to my grandmother's house Easter Sunday...that was kinda cool. When we were there, Anthony called Gus a "son of a bitch" and said "shit." They're three. I love those kids. Plus, Maria and Dad bought me clothes for David's (as in my brother's) wedding. Apparently everyone on my dad's side of the family was kinda taken aback that Laura (brother's fiancee) didn't ask me to be a bridesmaid b/c that's a southern custom to ask the groom's sister(s) to be bridesmaids. I don't think that's really a custom in Texas. Texas is a different kind of South than the rest of the South. But I'm not offended or anything b/c who cares and Laura is the sweetest girl ever and wouldn't do anything malicious. Besides it's her wedding she can do whatever she wants. So yeah just kinda got off on a tangent there but yeah I had a wonderful Easter. Ok I gotta go b/c Oprah's on and it's about being on the "down low"...you know, black men who are basically bisexual...as in they have girlfriends/wives but secretly have sex with men. Hot. Just kidding. Suzy I'll work on showing you my latest pieces. I don't really know how to do that...Heather can you help me??

 HOLLA....i just heard that if the fam. moves over to azerbaijan...then of course they get the usual stuff like free car/house...etc., but they also get a driver, maid, two paid trips to london/ year along w/ trips to U.S. man, brianna is gonna be spoiled. she'll be like "charles please bring me my tea". haha. sorry i just think it's funny that they get a driver. alright back to studying. dena

 HOLLA....so i REALLY hope dad gets this job...b/c yeah going to europe 2x/year to see sue/the family. plus that'll be fun this summer....all of us living together...or with sue's mom. sue, i'm gonna take your mom out to the bars one night...haha...it's gonna be great. betsy you can help me if you want. wow, i can't beleive i am SO excited for them to move..well, mostly cuz my dad will be making some dough and i won't feel so guilty about my school costing 3x more than it would if i went to school in tx. SUE WE'RE FINALLY GONNA COME VISIT YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i can't wait to go to londres. wow...i just registered for my classes next semester...let me tell ya, i am taking some fun ones: -history of rock n roll (we're talking classic rock and you just listen to music the whole time during class!!) -biochemistry -some weird spectroscopy chemistry class (apparently it's my elective but since when did i want to take that??) -gender sexuality and pop culture (prob. feminist/lesbian class) -afro-american autobiography (sounds boring but i heard it's hillarious) -bio lab (lame..i have to mess around w/ freakin' fungus) well, since i'm talking about my schedule and i KNOW nobody wants to read about that...i guess it means it's time for me to quit talking/writing/typing. sue, i still beleive showering is overrated....i didn't take a shower during spring break...except for going in the the hot tub (haha)...and yes, i stunk, in fact people even told me i stunk. but then when you do take a shower...you feel so good....and you really appreciate your showers a lot more. i think some people take showering for granted....you just never know until your own skin starts killing bacteria on it with its own bacteria and cleaning itself. wow....let me know if that actually made sense. later. d.

 thats hello in russian. i am sooo excited for your parents to move because then you get to visit ME! how great is that? really great, thats how. FURETHERMORE, as long as you kept your rooms clean, i'm sure that you could live in my house if yall wanted. weve got room--and a nice tv. but as you know, cathy is psycho and you would have to keep in clean--or rather, just a little clean because shes always nicer to guests than me. anywho, you could totally centre your lives around me and that would be great. heather rules because she is a computer god. i just got back from my race in paris and it was fab! other than the 12 hour bus ride there and back it was great. we got to see paris and eat crepes and then run a race in some chateaus front garden and it was HUGE and sooo beautiful and ill send you pictures. and then the team that was responsible for the race and everything threw a party for everyone (because people came from over 10 countries) and it was called EUROBANG. You know its got to be good with a name like that. and it was good. soooo good that our team captain managed to throw up all over me. fun. needless to say--i didnt end up making out with any foreigners that night. boooo. on the upside i did get to sleep in a room with 5 other guys (the not so cool part is that they were runners and my teammates so it didnt count)...so all in all; good weekend. saw france. it sucked. ran fast. got drunk. rode on a bus. smell really bad... boy news. i have no one currently because 1. men suck 2. i am too good for everyone 3. charlie sucks 4. only gay men and sweater vests are attracted to me (which makes me worry because if gay me find me attractive then i might look like a man...oh dear me). vlade divac is AWESOME and i am so jealous that you got to meet him. he riz-zules. very very cool. hey! betsy, take pictures of your sculptures and send them to me. i want to see. i feel like i have more to say but i cant remember...i suck. i feel like i should give some sort of social commentary on things i have learned over these three weeks that i havent been attending class (spring break)... but i think the smell of my feet is far too distracting for me to have any deep and meaningful thoughts. except that showering might not be as overrated as i once thought...decisions decisions. back to the boob tube. later

 cant really talk. Gotta go to the school... but happy belated easter. And yes dena i might move in with sara into a townhome, but you might too! haha. Guess what. Dad is finding out today whether or not they have to move to baku, azerbaijan .... which apparantely is a country. Anyway brianna doesnt know yet but if they move there you and I get 2 free trips a year and you might have to live with me and sara this summer. Dad thinks he will get this job and if he doesnt there are THREE others in the same place he can get. Anyway just thought you might wanna know. Anyway easter was alright. Went to church played scrabble and watch the Astros kill milwhakee (sp?) ... yeah that is about it. UMMMMM.... i cant think of anything else i can type quickly so i will write more when i have a chance. GOT lots to do today. Lata. HOLLA

 HOLLA....i thought since everyone else is LAZY....i'll be the first to post on here. if you want to know what i've been up to....that's easy...eating tons and tons of chocolate. and IT IS GOOOOOD. sorry gma....i know it causes love handles. too bad. shawna, i hear you might be living w/ sara and adam????? is this true...that's funny. also, where will that be? i'm driving my car down to h-town after finals in about 3-4 weeks from now...so that's when i'll be home. sue i'll be working this summer....so after i pay off my credit card.....i'll will save up money to go to londres...cuz money is the only thing stopping me from going. did you go do kareoke with us that one night at the mojo cafe? (yeah, the place was a white trash place with free kareoke every saturday). haha...i know katie and betsy were there. betsy, remember that really trashed girl who kept joining in on our songs and she sucked cuz she was so drunk? haha....and then she wanted to follow us to your brother's party downtown and was like "hey meet us at the gas station over there" so of course we said "ok" but then just drove off w/out them....i mean who wants to drive around next to a bunch of drunks...not me. and at the party people were rollerskating around drunk...that was random...and then we met that eagle cigarettle smoking guy who was a psycho killer. good times...good times. sorry about all the flashbacks on here...especially since betsy and katie were the only ones there (and katie's not even on this blog).....but hey, i have NOTHING to say so deal with it. feel free to fill me in on the easter stories....anyone have any good ones? or good gossip????? i'm ready for it. d.

 HAPPY EASTER! I'm upset right now cause I think this was the first time EVER that I actually SLEPT THRU EASTER!!! Well, the service, anyway... I was so worn out from being in lab so much, i guess... yesterday i was there ALL DAY and didn't leave until 9:20 @ night! Which wouldn't be that big of a deal normally, but it was a SATURDAY NIGHT... totally sucks. it's like i don't even get weekends off anymore. oh well. sorry for the vent session... Well, I hope everyone else made it to Easter Service. He Is Risen, and all that good stuff :) Looooooooove, Heather P.S. Sue - Did you make it? (Lent) Also - Go Beavs! That's funny that your school mascot is a BEAVER! haha!

 HOLLA...i just wanted to say happy easter to everyone. i don't have much to say...sorry. love you all!!!!!! (of course in a non-lesbian type of way) haha dena

 HOLLA is that how you spell his name? Vlade Divac? I'm not sure how to pronounce it...frankly I feel uncomfortable doing it. Anyway, I'm talking about the famous basketball player. I met him! I forgot to tell yall. Actually I didn't meet him at all but I was standing right next to him for a good five minutes looking at cheeesecakes. I was at the Cheesecake Factory. That's a hell of a restaurant, I'll tell ya what. That was neat. I was hosting a recruit last weekend and pretty much our whole team went b/c Cheesecake Factory is an orgasm restaurant. I love H-tizzle b/c there are so many good restaurants around here. The recruit ruled. She's this girl from University of South Carolina who's looking to transfer. She told all these crazy stories about how she almost died from flipping in a car eight times and fun things like that. We figured that either she's had a crazy life, or she's a pathological liar. Either way, we love her! Hope she commits. Other news...my snow cone party was yesterday. My team sucks b/c only two people showed up. But that was probably b/c my email telling them about it was totally vague. Still, they all can suck it. Alright, in total I had five snow cones. It was a hell of a day. I made some of them too juicy though. I know what you're thinking, you can't make snow cones too juicy Bets that's the best part! Well folks, you can. And I did. But I finally made my snow cone perfect...wow this is not interesting. Oh, we had self defense class today...more simulations! I punched the instructor so hard in the face that I knocked his helmet off. Ha! And Caitlin, this girl on my team who's also in the class, kicked him so hard in the balls that through his mountains of crotch padding, he was lying on the floor in so much pain. Oh lol sistas!

 Heather you are going to be a gozillionaire one day with flash art work like that...you are the BOMB (yes, thats back)!! guys i have been an absolute slacker at the blogging. i want to blog so badly but these people stare at me at work and in the library and PEOPLE ARE FOLLOWING ME! its RPW i know it...go away RPW, shawna is in houston, not london--houston...ok, i must go..im off to meet NEW men because as it turns out charlie is a dickhead and moving to australia in 4 months and doesnt think we should get serious---ummm, who was looking to get serious. i dont even like people..why would i like him anymore than the next ass i met on the street--silly kids, get over youself...pent up frustration???yes, i think so. more on that story (and believe me its a story that ends...it ends with me not knowing where i am and how i got the food i was eating) later tonight. okie dokie kareoke--dena we need to kareoke...COME TO LONDON--also, let me know your summer plans so i can figure out when to come home. will write tonight ( i swear) abecause i am leaving for a race in gay pareeeeeeeeee tomorrow out shawna likes incest besty is a lesbian (eerrrr, bisexual) dena is a hot incestual lesbian

 HOLLA....wow, that was a GRRRRRRRRRREAT blog heather....seriously...i was sitting there and dissapointed that it was over....i want more. yes shawna, i'm orgasming again...haha. apparently i'm incestual as i 'orgasm' over shawna's pics and heather's blogs. well, i had NO IDEA about sara's little fiasco and the whole ordeal w/ adam's friends. wow....that's crazy....i can't beleive sara just left them all there....i can imagine gma with her 'lovely' comments. even when she isn't pissed....some of the stuff she says...whew. as for your CAPSTONE project....at least you are incorporating alcohol into it....props to you on that. i've actually heard of an electronic bartender....there's one at a pub somewhere in england (london perhaps)....SUE YOU SHOULD FIND IT......GO.....TRY IT OUT..AND LET US KNOW HOW IT IS. but i'm sure yours (heather) will be way cooler than that one. the good thing about it is you don't have to tip...i would deff. take advantage of that! good idea. shawna, CUT YOUR TOENAILS......well, as long as they look clean..maybe it's ok. maybe for x-mas next year i'll get you a pedicure...we'll see. i was actually surveying different guys about the issue of getting hit in the testicles and all had very similar stories about the intense pain they felt...even if they weren't hit super hard there....basically (a surprising fact to me) is that when they get hit there....the pain is actually in the lower gut/stomach area more that actually being in the penis. yeah, strange. and the body's natural response is to get into a hurling position, bent over kind of like when you have really bad cramps (you know...from your period). well, i imagine perhaps it's like that feeling, but the difference is....thier pain can be controlled...as in they don't act like a jackass and they won't get kicked there...but girls on the other hand have to deal with that crap several days each month and you know what GUYS....WE DEAL WITH IT. wow....i sound like freakin feminist right now....my anthropology teacher is a major feminist and i guess is rubbing off on me. the other day she was talking about how she is really interested in Mary (ie: jesus's mother) because she feels mary is neglected because of the fact that she is a woman and if she was a man, she would be worshipped (did i spell that wrong?). well, anyways, i think she needs to get over the whole women crap....sorry i'm just not into hippy feminism ways of thinking. and with that...i'll be hoping to have some more good stories like heather's..... dena ps: GOSSIP IS GOOD....keep it up!!

 oh man i'm beat. i just got home and i'm realizing that the stench i smelled in the dungeon all day/night/week, isn't from the 30-some BOYS that were down there working while I was, oh no... ummm, yeah... it's me. gross. i need a shower BADD. i hope all those boys assumed by default (since i am the ONLY GIRL down there) that it wasn't me!! Ahhhhhh, just one more reason i love being a girl in a lab with all boys: i get to the play the Girl Card all the time!! and if i don't feel like doing something, all i have to say is, "Guys, I don't know HOW to do that... I'm a GIRL, remember?!" and then I automatically get off the hook! haha! Oh, and my favorite saying @ the engineering college if you're a girl is this (perhaps a t-shirt idea?! no, nevermind, it's way too nerdy...): "The Odds Are Good, But The Goods Are Odd!" it's soooooo true! Dena, Senior Capstone Design (as it is formally called) is basically your senior project if you're in in electrical engineering. and it s-u-c-k SUCKS! (Certainly not as fun as fisher esterification and anicilic acid!) Basically, your team has to come up with a project to work on start to finish all semester long, and then present it at the Design Expo where they invite all the bigshots from IBM, Lockheed Martin, etc, etc to recruit you for their companies cause your badass project is so piiiiiiiiiimp! My team is by far the coolest since we're making an automatic bartender!! You just punch in what you want (i.e. rum and coke, double vodka tonic, screwdriver, etc.) and it makes it for you!! Now, seeing that we only have 3 weeks to finish this thing, i'm not sure if we'll be the coolest in the end. But here's a picture of urlLink me nerding it out in the dungeon as i try to get our processor to talk to our LCD screen... i'm such a dork. Oh yeah, and see that purple drawing in the background? well, that's our "logo" and the name of our project: L.U.S.H. It stands for "Liquor's Ultimate Service Handler" haha!! We are definitely the joke of the class this semester. everyone else is doing these super nerdy projects that would be oh so bo-ring to work on. shawna - loooooooooved the surgery pics! couldn't stop staring at them! kinda like how it is when you drive by a nasty accident... except, i would be TERRIFIED to bring a razor even remotely close to the post-surgery area!! what were you thinking, B?? but i guess it really is pretty cool that you couldn't tell you cut yourself! oh, and don't get down on yourself about your grades in art /slash/ do they mean anything... i'm sure your work is sexy as hell. either that or you really DON'T deserve the grades, but homeboy, excuse me, "Luc" is giving you all A's cause you're still sleeping with him, right? at least that's what you tole me last week... LOL STAY SWEET SISTER! ahhhhh yes, yet ANOTHER reason why i love being the only girl in a department full of boys: the places the sexual favors will get you! haha jk! okay, real quick here's the scoop on the family gossip. (sue's right, i AM a great "scooper." ice-cream, gossip, poop. you name it. if it can be scooped, i'm the prime scooper.) i'm just gonna tell the facts how i was told them in a very terse, unbiased manner. here goes: Michael Ablanzcy wants to go down to Roatan for spring break. The g-folk will be there, so he wants to have some of his-own-generation companionship go down with him. Sara says she'll go, and her boyfriend adam wants to go as well. g-ma okays the trip and is excited to have some family houseguests. Adam's friends decide they want to go, too. Sara says they can stay with them for free @ the g-folks. they all buy tickets before okaying the situation with g-ma. whatever. they show up to roatan on thursday night. g-ma is not very cordial to adam's friends, since they are apparently rude and unappreciative (according to michael). g-ma starts to go psycho (you know how she can be). by sunday, sara out of the blue says she has to fly home early (that night, perhaps next morning??) because she is needed back at work. So SHE LEAVES, and she leaves adam and his buddies behind @ the g-folk's house in central america!! g-ma is livid (according to my dad) and makes it known that they "aren't welcome anymore." now, i probably have some of the timing off... for instance, i can't remember if g-ma kicked out the buddies while sara was still there or after she left, but she definitely was pissed. i guess they didn't even say thank you once for anything. now, don't get me wrong, michael said adam was a great guy, but that his friends were basically assholes. so, that's the gossip in a nutshell. glad i skipped out on that trip... haha! betsy, i feel so out of the self-defense loop! first rape whistles, then bulletproof vests, and now testicle-seizing self-defense classes!? wow. very impressive. speaking of testicles, why the hell do they hurt so bad when someone "tags" them?? I mean, **according to dena**, in any sexual setting, guys love to be touched down there, so what's with the "sensitive" bullsh*t? i'm sorry, but i don't buy it. okay, this is way too long considering i wanted to "quickly blog" before bed since i'm dead tired. so on that note, i'll blog ya tomorrow... gone like sara in roatan... heather

 Hello Hello Hello. Shawna Florida is back and BETTER THAN EVER... that's right....i am now all white meat. Haha sorry i just saw the McDonalds commercial about the new "white meat chicken nuggets" .... so anyway yeah im no longer sick. My sore throat is almost completely gone which means i can eat. All 300 pounds i lost last week have probably already come back today because I have eaten non-stop. MMM MM MM i forgot how wonderful food tasted. So i just got back from my drawing class. Oh My GOD, Am I shocked. I have been getting all A's in this class and all semester I have been kind of flattered that my prof. has been giving me good grades....but today he decided to show us his "artwork" in the studio..... so we walk in this big white room and there are 30 students so i thought i just couldnt see because i was in the back. Well i finally get up there... and he has cursive letters that are dotted and have like three color dots around the word. And its not a real word... its just letters put together.... like this: jtmsbse and those letters fill up about 1/1000000000 of the wall. Thats it! That is his art!!!! I thought he was joking at first but then he started talking about how long it took... etc etc. Now i dont feel so good about my grades......i felt like i was taking crazy pills.... everyone in the class was just looking at eachother like "what the hell is he thinking". Anyway i just walked out and left class early because i wasnt about to sit in there and listen to him explain all the "hard work" that went into it. WOW is all i have to say. well i have been doing rehab for my knee the past week. And i am walking and biking and today and ran a little ... because i was trying to get out of the rain... but ran nonetheless. So hopefully the swelling and everything will be gone soon. the whole right half of my knee is completely numb. I cant feel anything and the doc said it would be a long time before i got that feeling back. Yesterday i cut it shaving.... didnt feel it! It is sooo weird. I didnt know i cut myself till i saw blood running down my leg. Dena my toe nails are painted now and very pretty... and i will grow them out just for you. Maybe ill get them french tipped. Ok well i have more to say but i am going to the movies with my posse. (which consists of 2 people) but we are definitley cool as shit which means i can call it a posse. Ok BYE Heather HOT FLASH for sue... i love it. Make one for me. DO it now! HOLLA

 HOLLA....i just wanted to say that i was mighty impressed by the banner created by heather.....it made me want to donate more money...but since i'm broke i can't. i think a lot of ppl on ebay might bid for charity...good idea. i see you're trying to get in good w/ sue heather....what am i NOT GOOD ENOUGH for you anymore????? jk but seriously...nice work. sue, how's the charity thing going? shawna, CUT YOUR TOENAILS!!!!!!!!! betsy......keep on grabbin' those testicles...and if the guy is a jerk....then grab them EXTRA HARD.....haha....i love puns. heather...what exactly is CAPSTONE and all that other stuff you were talking about? i was reading it...but honestly....i didn't know what you were talking about. but do have fun in the dungeon.....i definately know what that's like...i've been in one ALL day today creating a little process (reaction) known as 'fisher esterification' to find out that i had a chemical called anicilic acid.....yes....not very exciting....I KNOW THIS. well, DEAL WITH IT. alright, i'm off to run now.....and of course....after that....EAATTTTT!!!!!!!! D.

 well my sexy chiclets, been a long time. still trying to graduate. my Capstone team got REEMED out today during our Milestone II evaluation for not having anything finished!! Our prof actually said that it'd "take a miracle" for us to complete our project by the design expo at the end of the semester!! greeeeeat. one guy in my team actually asked if any of us had extra COTS we could bring in since we'll be in the lab from now until forever... and he was serious. no me likey. anyway, just wanted to give a quick update. but of course, i'm off to lab again, so that was short. Oh, but i did make a new banner for sue and her fundraising project!! It's not quite done, and it's kind of ghetto-fabulous, but you click on it and it takes you to her donation site!! And sue, i've deciding that i'm going to list a "Charity Auction" on eBay for you!! I'm not sure what it's going to be, yet, but all of the proceeds will go to your cause so you can run your little ass through the streets of london in less than two weeks!! here's a link to urlLink Sue's Banner . Maybe i'll post it at the top of this blog until the race is over... okay, i'm out... more later -- probably from the dungeon... heather

 HOLLA today we had simulations for self defense. This is when the instructors dress up in funny pads and attack you. It ruled b/c we got to kick em in the nuts and stuff! That is all.

 HOLLA....shawna, finally you mention sending the pics...i've been waiting for a long time to see these. plus i heard you had a pretty bad trip from your drugs...scary. today has officially been the most unproductive lazy day for me....i woke up at 12:00 or so and have been watching movies all frekin' day. it's true. watching forever young right now...i love this movie. elijah wood before the whole lord of the rings thing. well, since i haven't done anything...i have nothing good to say. dena

 i went bowling last night and got a 94. This is with a gimp leg. Im awesome beyond belief. Yeah well i really have nothing to say. BUt i wanted to at least get something on here so i dont get bitched at for not blogging. Oh yeah. Ill email you pictures of my knee and cankles... i was going to put them on my webshots... but then i realized that millions of people probably dont wanna see my bloody knee and fat cankles. So expect an email sometime soon. Many stories to come. HOLLA

 HOLLA--again, im so busy and important (and when i am not there apparently i am drunk and slutty, explained later in tomorrows blog when i will finally have time) buuuuuuuuuuuut i did want to say one thing to my real bfffffff (no offense to heather and angela and the new girl) think of sappy music playing in the background while you read this: THANK YOU SOOOO MUCH for donating to my charity. really, it meant so much to see that the first donations that i had were from my best friends in the entire world ( i can say that officially because im on another continent). you guys are the greatest and i love you (in a non-lesbian way of course). off to bed...have to wake up at 6 tomorrow so i can ref a "football match" (soccer game) tomorrow and make some moolah laters (im so bend it like beckham)

 betsy i like how you worked your story into the word HOLLA ..... very creative. 10 points for you. holla.

 yall miss me. Well i have a good excuse. It is called SURGERY and having the worlds worst sore throat EVER. It is horrible... and yes i used the word IS because i still have it..... its lasted NINE DAYS....... is that normal? I dont know but it hurts. I dont know if i have ever been in this much pain. It's worse because i can't eat. I have eaten like 5 times in the past 9 days. Seriously. I lost like 10 pounds. I look gross. Anyway i am STARVING. I can't wait till i can eat again. So yeah. I still feel like shit so im not going to blog a lot. But i promise as soon as im no longer a dying gimp i will blog a lot. Every Day a lot. oh yeah. Im off crutches but have a very ugly limp. blog ya later. HOLLA

 H Ok first reason why I am the coolest: ok we had a banquet for Martel (my college/dorm if you are unfamiliar with Rice's college system) and the college was handing out awards, and they created an award just for me and my roommates! It called the "soccer girls" award. They gave it to us b/c we're fun and so much more awesome than everyone else. They gave us a male blow up doll (John) to go with Lilia (our female blow up doll). O Secondly, there was a drawing for our college the other day, and I won a snow cone party for twenty-five people!! I love snow cones and so do you! LLA

 HOLLA...i just donated some dinero to you sue.....not a lot, but some is better than none...i'm the anonymous person....i didnt' know i was making myself anonymous...oops. heather...i was thinking about bidding on your test auction...haha...the one that was for 1 cent. maybe i'll go bid on it! well, i still don't have any good news....so i'm out....time for some pb&j!! dena

 ok, because i officially suck at blogging and only have time for "quickies" i am going to have to make this one short as well (sidenote: this is my spring break and everyone seemed to be exempt during thiers so i am just acting out of custom) 1.i want to know the sara-roatan gossip 2. dena rules at blogging even when she doesnt have anything to say, most dedicated BY FAR 3. if i hit on another gay guy while i am out i am offing myself 4. i need a job for the summer, any suggestions 5. i hate men 6. i hate people 7. i am soooo smart and i am gonna kick some ass on these finals (that i have already started studying for and arent for another 7 weeks) 8. i have hunger 9. i will write later 10. shawna is a trooper 11. betsy is a pooper 12. heather is an ice cream scooper 15. this poetry stuff is easy hahaha i skipped 13 and 14 because i hate the number 14 and i was like an elevator out out

 ...but not in a queer way. word'm up, y'all... YES I AM comin' in 2 days! i think you all need to pick me up from the airport lookin' like HOTT sluts and have signs that say "MTV Sorority Life: Houston" and then i'll come out of the plane lookin' like a HOTT slut too with some rock*starish sunglasses on and everyone will think we are slut-bitches!! so, i got waaaay drunk friday night. ended up making an ass of myself out at the bars, then found myself puking in my friend chris' bathroom all night... gross. i hate those nights. hadn't had one like that in a long time, though, so i guess i had it comin' for me. needless to say i was completely out of commission all day saturday. which sucks, cause i am swamped with work that i have to get done before i come out there, and i really could have used that extra day to get some sh*t done, you know?! happy memorial day to everyone! daniel ran the Bolder Boulder today for the first time (10K road race). I was gonna run it with him but i haven't been running for months and months, so i decided not to. some of these runners are insanely fast! i mean, they finish it in like, under 30 minutes! It takes me TWICE that!! man i am slooooooow... well, i gotta a ton of work to do... i'll post later maybe. heather

 HOLLA heather is coming in 2 days@!! woo hoo. this is super short cause i'm going to a bar b que very very soon! woo hoo to food:) can't wait d

 HOLLA Yesterday I went to George R. Brown Convention Center for Laura's (future sister-in-law) graduation from medical school. It was nice...some old guy made a long ass speech repeatedly stating how medicine was both "mystical and magical" as if that statement was deep and we desperately needed to hear it over and over again. The real kicker is that there was one professor named Professor Butts who spoke. The first thing he said when he got up there, and I'm serious, was that he was a colon and rectal surgeon. At first I thought he was joking, but when I was the only one laughing, I realized that he might have been serious. Oops. So either he has no clue, or he has a really dry sense of humor, which is even better! But come on, he has to know...he has to see the connection between his assy name and his assy profession. Anyway... Right now I'm watching Making the Video of Hilary Duff. This reaffirms my belief that Lindsay Lohan is way cooler. Way.

 alloh ok, so my friend from indiana (alex) is in h-town right now...he is playing in the national championship for raquetball downtown and he is sponsored and they flew him here and pay for a sweet hotel in the city. the coolest part is that he is ranked #1 and should win nationals. yeah, i know him. so anyways, me and brianna went downtown to go watch him play a match. the bad part was that he didn't have a match till 7pm and we couldn't stay for that so we decided to get lunch down there. well, since the hyatt hotel charges $9 for 2 hours of parking i said....screw that and found a metered spot downtown. the only prob.....i didn't have any change oops. so i'm searching all over the car for any dimes nickels or quarters...but NOTHING. so, as i'm searching, this bum walks up to me and is like hey i'm hungry...could you give me some food or any money for food? i'm like "sorry, i am so broke...i'm actually looking for a quarter for myself and i don't have one". so then the bum is like, "oh, here, i have a quarter you can use to pay for the meter, they're free on weekends and after 7pm". i was like, i can't take that from you..you need it more than me, and he's just like, no, i'll find another one somehow...hands it to me and walks off. so, i got money from a bum. who ever would have thought. i was gonna give him my left over food from lunch but i didn't see him afterwards. ps: alex bought my lunch for all of you who were wondering b/c i REALLY had NO money...so i wasn't lying to the bum yesterday i worked at the LONGEST track meet ever. it was all these little kids. (they were SO cute). it was nice seeing black people again...i felt like i was at home..it's a rare site in indiana. :( anyways, i had to hold a laser and basically snipe the gun man down by the track so i could catch the spark of his gun when he started the race. it was pretty fun. this cop walked by me and was looking at me all suspiciously cuz he didn't know what i was doing. all these kids were like...don't shoot me. sue, you could have found your track team there though...i wanted to steal one of the little kids. something about black kids is so cute to me...their little bald heads...i think it's adorable. ok, now that i sound like a pedophile...i will change the subject. hmmmmmm...i guess i don't have anything to talk about except for the fact that ocsar must be in heat or something b/c he is CONSTANTLY EXCITED (if you know what i mean). i can't pick him up cuz i see the red rocket...ahhhh. he's sleeping right now and it's still there....NO JOKE. eeeeeekkkk. alright, i'm out....sue call...and COME OVER......NOW. dena

 I am watching "Prom Date" on MTV and alll the commercials during the show are PERIOD commercials. Why is Prom some how directly related to periods? Anyway so this really cheesy commercial came on... the girl walks up to her friends at the beach in a bikini. "I can't believe you are wearing a bikini on your PERIOD?!?! Aren't you bloated and tired?" says friend #1 she responds with "NO! I used Midol!" then they are laughing and walking down the beach and the girl on her period goes "I could KILL for a brownie" and friend number 2 says... "Yeah she is definitely MENSTRUAL" OK does this commercial sicken anyone else? I mean... is this really how girls are portrayed?? Anyway i couldnt help but remember the last time me and my bffff's were walking down the beach and we were all 'menstrual' but we were laughing and having a good time because we used midol.... ooooooh memories.

 HOLLA My mom bought this new type of macaroni with the cheese that already comes made in the package and it sucks. I definitely prefer the powder cheese, especially when you don't mix it all the way and there's little powder chunks left over. Sue where are you??? Call us now!!! Shawna, thanks, I'm not cramping as much now...but Auntie Flo has definitely come to town. I feel so gross and lazy...I have not been able to peel myself off the couch. Actually my real aunt is here. She's a physical therapist...I asked her about my foot and she thinks it's a stress fracture. Quite depressing. I've been watching vh1 all day. It's fun. I still feel gross. Blah. Jimmy, that is too bad. I love crawfish more than life itself, but I guess that's the way the cookie crumbles. You know, you can reveal your identity...you can just create another name and still be our stalker if you want. Ok I'm done. Later.

 Mary Kate and Ashley are having a movie marathon on Monday at noon on ABC Family. Watch it, because then you will be cool. also, dont have sex. You will get pregnant and die. alloh.

 Something is missing from this blog.... oooooh yeah.... MEEEEE! I have been in Austin for the past 3-4 days.... actually not really but I havent been home the past 3-4 days. DID YOU MISS ME?!?!? ... I know dena did because she whined like a little biiioootch. (Dena why would i invite YOU to someone ELSES lakehouse?!?!?!) ANYWAY! My first instict was to write at least 15 paragraphs decribing my elaborate adventures since the last time I posted. But i dont want to type that much and im guessing yall wont want to read it. SO ill try and sum it up as much as I can. Monday- ran... blah blah blah.... ate ..... Then bets came over and we wanted to do crafts so we went to michaels and wal-mart to buy stuff. My rents were returning from their cruise that night. We dropped Bri off at her softball practice before we went to the store and figured she wouldnt be done till 10. Soo, we decided, after the store, to go stop by Sue's to visit her mama. we said "Quick Visit" .... and it was NOT a quick visit. haha. See, Sue's mom is a super baller and right when she opened the door and saw us she started screaming and laughing and she was really excited. Basically after 30 sec of being there she had already pulled out every alcoholic beverage she owned and asked what we wanted. After drinking and pouring out OLD baileys that tasted like dirt and vodka, she made us martini's. I am thinking she put 10 PARTS vodka and 1 part blue rasberry, it was STRONG. It took me about an hour to drink half of the glass because everytime i took a sip my face would crinkle up and I almost gagged. I guess i dont drink enough. Anyway we stayed there at least an Hour and then i got a call from the lil sis "Yall forgot to pick me up" .... oops we were all tipsy (or drunk... DENA) and we completely forgot to get her. ha ha. My parents got home in time for the call from brianna so she got home safely. Then we did crafts. Tues night i played homerun derby on MVP Baseball. I was A-Rod. He kicks ass. I hit 545 feet. Im really cool. SO wednesday i went to Lake Travis to stay at Angela's lakehouse. I drove my own car because i was supposed to come back early to work the track meet today... BUT DENA DECIDED TO STEAL MY JOB and not tell me about it... therefor i wasted 50 dollars on gas. Thanks a lot! Anyway.... so i drove 211 miles alone and jammed out to my new mix cd. Lots of Mean Girls soundtrack and hoobastank. We got to the lakehouse and went to the water right away. First we did the waverunners. I have never been on a waverunner before... and angela drove and i had to sit behind her and hold on to he lifejacket. She decided it would be funny to drive really crazy (50 mph) and try and make me wipe out because she knew i was scared. Luckily we never did. That night we went to the pool (it was freezing) and i tried to teach angela me dena and heathers REALLY SEXY HOTT synchronized swimming dance... but it just didnt work out. Next day we got on the boat and floated around and ate lunch in a cove. Then i TRIED driving a waverunner myself... but i was REALY bad at it.... like REALLY bad. So i let jessie (a girl with us) drive, once again i was stuck with my life in someone elses hands. So we were on the waverunner for about 20 minutes and we pass this REALLY BIG BOAT and it left a huge wake. Me and Jessie were going about 45 mph and we hit this wave that looked really high (maybe 100 FEET... lol)... yeah WE FLEEEEEW IN THE AIR. my legs were above my head and i was barely holding on to her life vest with one finger ... the wave runner got some good air too. Somehow we landed back on the waverunner and we both looked at eachother wondering how the hell we were still alive. It was freaky. My crotch hurts. The rest of my time at Lake travis we just hung out ... ate at a restaurant on the water, fed my hamburger to the fishies and named all the fish (White Eyes, Sourcream Face, Scabs, Holy and Moley) I have a feeling those fish are now dead since we fed them fajitas, hamburgers, queso, chips and french fries. RIP fishies. Oh yeah and I called Kristen's ('nother girl on trip) ex boyfriend and told him he has a gay voicemail (really it is so queer) and let him know he was going to have fat ugly babies. App. he cheated on her with a fat ugly chick. We also took a picture of our middle fingers and sent it to him just so we could get our point across. last night went to the astros game with miguel. It was awesome. We sat 12 rows up from home plate. Clemens pitched.... but the game was sad. Cards scored 1 run in the 4th and we were down the whole game. The 'stros just weren't hitting. Bottom of the 9th everett?(or biggio... cant remember) knocks one and makes a single. Then berkman hits one far and make it to 2nd i think... while whoever was on base scores a run!!!!! It was AWESOME. So now we are in the extra inning and Dotel is up pitching. OMG... he is such a wanker. He can't do anything right. he is 0-3 !! He needs to move back to Triple A. Anyway, so he is pitching really bad. Gets guys on base and one of the Cards is on third and Dotel "Fakes" a throw to third, according to the ref. I didn't see any such thing (but i wouldnt let it by Dotel to do something retarded like that) and they let the Card go Home!! They score and are up 2-1. So we dont score any and LOSE IN THE 10TH INNING. UGH! SO queer. But then mike asked the Astros game announcer man with the deep voice if he would record my voicemail for me... and HE DID! His name is Bob. Call my cell and listen to my outgoing message. It sounds soooooo movie-phonish... its funny. Anyway a lot happened but that was the gist. Now I need to shower and kill myself because the Container Store emailed me and told me they dont have any positions available for ME.... maybe they are looking for old people who can't get real jobs. Bc everytime i go in there the employees are soccer moms or old men who can barely walk. Stupid Container Store... ill get a really cool job and show you!! I dont need your stupid store... full of .... containers. SO ha! BETSY HOPE YOUR CRAMPS GET BETTER...... just take birth control and you will have big boobs. lol gf ttyl lylas roflmao. sue is home today... WOOOOOOHOOO! damn this ended up being kinda long. Sorry. Alloh.

 HOLLA--who the hell does clay akien think he is? hes sure as hell not the american idol so he shouldnt get to "make music" with the rest of them. not only because he is a loser with horrible eyebrows, but he shouldnt be allowed to sing in public because AMERICA DOESNT WANT HIM TO. If we did want him to, we wouldnt have picked the fat black guy. i guess what i am trying to say is that clay aiken sucks. today they are showing the last friends...they call is BLACK FRIDAY and there are billboards everywhere--kind of weird. theyre a little obsessive. i think thats why i get along with brits, obsessive and addicitive. good times. well kiddos, start counting down the hours, i come home very very soon. the norwegian called me drunk--always a good sign, time for me to go and stare at him and wish his girlfriend dead. lates

 alloh......seriously....who is jimmy? i want to know...it really is not me. rpw....are you jimmy? hmmmmmmm...this looks like a case for the old blogger gang. haha....i just wanted to call us a gang...like in the 50's or something. bets....sorry to hear about your makeout buddy:( how'd you find out about that? don't worry about your stuff...if you want to come over and finish your shirt/decopage.....do it. you can come over and i'll make some drinks. sue, congrats grad....oh wait...congrats! (on finishing your tests!!!) i bet you are SOOO releived and happy:))) i can't wait to see you on sat. we're all going out to eat dinner w/ your mom and our moms next week....tues. or thurs. if it's thurs....heather can come!! heather--the weather has been around 90 degrees every day and sunny...so be prepared for that....of course bring some bathingsuits (might go to pee infested splashtown). ummmm...also bring your favorite thong so we can go dance at the local strip club..you know...it's tradition. (jk) just bring whatever you want though. the astros game was so much fun yesterday....and yeah, the deep in the heart of texas song was prob. the most fun part of the game...i don't konw why but i was super hyper and VERY OBNOXIOUS during the game...it was great. i felt like i was drunk..but definately wasn't. it reminded me of the time when we went to a game dressed as sluts and we became friends w/ lima and kevin (the bat boy) and then that guy in the audience made fun of us! haha...good times. that was hillarious...they hated us. hmmmmmm....well, i guess that's about all i have to say...shawna is LAME and went to lake travis for the weekend....not only did she not invite me, but she also wanted me to buy drinks for them AND she stole my rechargable batteries to my digi camera...JERK. all i have to say is shawna, you better have some GOOD pics. after that. i was gonna take pics. at the astros game...but NOOOO. on another note: i'm already sick of my stupid roommate for next year. it's some black guy named kamari and he won't stop calling me about this and that. just let me have a peaceful summer. he calls at like 2am and gets pissed off cuz i don't answer the phone. guess what....I'M SLEEPING. alright, out. d

 HOLLA Well I went to the Astros game tonight with Dena, Carlos, and Mike. That was fun. I love going to Astros games. I think the best part is when "Deep in the Heart of Texas" comes on. I ran into my bro David and his fiancee Laura while I was there. That was neat. And furthermore, the Astros beat the Cubs I believe 7-3. Yay! Here's some sad news...I found out that a guy I made out with in England died recently. Apparently he drowned one night. How awful is that. I have to pee. Dena and Shawna, I'm sorry my shit is still in yall's upstairs tv room. I will be by tomorrow. Sue I'm glad your exams are overwith. Go get shitfaced and have a good time...see you soon! Heather, I was hoping you wouldn't recognize my voice. But since you did, I'll be waiting for you to call WET CLIT tonight. You know my extension. Ok, I'm out. Keep up the blogging kiddos.

 HOLLA---omg girl, i cant believe its all over but guess what? it is! hot damn. i should be getting drunk right now to celebrate but i think i am going to wait until friday to celebrate and go insane--hopefully ill wake up for my flight on saturday. oI CANT WAIT TO MEET HEATHER! waaaaah. i have so many crushes in london that i want to make out with before i leave and i dont think ill have enough time. WARNING--I am a pasty FAT gangsta so please do not be when i get home. i know im fat and pale, its ok. get over it. im working on it. the bonus to getting fat--my boobs are huge. real real big. ok, i had a snake bite after my test and then dinner so now i feel like i am going to pass out...im weak i know. by the way JIMMY, who are you...lets meet! if youre are shawna or dena..lets meet on saturday! peace out mfers ill blog later tonight.

 HOLLA that's right, all you biatches... I'M COMIN' TO H-TOWN!! I bought my tickets and i'll be in Houston next wednesday night, june 2nd!! my flight gets in @ 9:59 pm. I wanted to come on the 1st, but it woulda set me back an extra $80!! Also, I was hoping i'd get there earlier in the day, but i used hotwire.com to buy my tix and they don't tell you the flight times until AFTER you buy them, so it was basically a shot in the dark. oh well. they were frickin' CHEAP, so i don't care. (i'm not even going to mention the time of my flight on the way home... we'll just keep that one on the DL for now. haha!) i can't wait to finally meet sue and betsy and angela. I'm kinda nervous, though. like what if i'm not pretty enough?? or cool enough?? it's like when you meet a hot guy online and then decide to take your relationship to the "next (non-cyber) level"... so you meet him in person, only to find out that he's a nasty 55 y.o. perv who's married with 7 kids, but he was so nice and charming and 24 and single and perfect for you online that you let him take advantage of you sexually anyway... i mean, oh wait... what? i hope i'm not disappointed, though. actually, i got to talk on the phone with betsy last night cause she was chillin' with the florida sistas when i called, and i think it went pretty well. actually, her voice sounded really familiar, and i just realized that she's the same girl i talk to when i call 1-800-WET-CLIT, and she MUST have recognized my voice since i call every single night, so she was just being overly nice to me out of sheer awkwardness... now, what will the weather be like? everyone please make me a "what to pack" list so i can check things off and make sure i'm not forgetting any essentials!! THX. TTYL STAY SWEET LYLAS CALL ME THIS SUMMER WE'LL HANG OUT (fo' real!) -h :)

 HOLLA Yeah I've given up on Novum...b/c I'm such a drug addict. Please ok? I'm such a dumbass...Anyway so yeah I'm making a creepy decopage crate with eyes all over it...why not. However it has yet to be finished. I have also failed to make my bffff blogga shirt...it's gonna have James Vanderbeek on it. He is so dreamy. Yesterday evening my assistant coach, David (from Rice), called me. He's quitting. It sucks, but he got a really good job offer. I don't blame him at all for accepting it. He'll be the director of goalkeeping at a club in Austin. Just getting to live in Austin would be reason enough to go. Speaking of, we're going soon! I'm excited. My foot still hurts. It's frustrating. It was good to see Mrs. French yesterday. She was getting buzzed by the time we left...haha. It takes nothing to get her drunk. Sue and Heather, I can't wait to see both of you. So when are we going to Austin?? B/c my brother's wedding is two weekends from now. Anyway, I'm out. See yall later.

 i just signed up for a diabetes research where i get payed $500 for 4 days of watching tv and free food. anyone interested in doing it with me? betsy, it's through novem...you should call and see if you can do it with me...maybe they forgot they rejected you the first time. somebody come do it with me...it'll be fun. rpw....i'm getting a 'job'...haha...if you call this a job....maybe someone else will hire me for a REAL job. who knows....we'll see. i'm glad you're tan. i am too!!!! the girl at he tanning place thought i fake and baked a lot...but no, i'm just burnt from going to splashtown (waterpark here with urine infested water). alright, i'm out to go get a run in...gotta work off all those chocolate bars i ate yesterday..you would have thought aunt flo was coming to town with all the chocolate i ate. d

 alloh so i just dropped my dad off at the airport....he just got back last night from the cruise...and now he's off to singapore for an interview to work in paris and 6 months later..azerbaijan. so, we're still keeping our fingers crossed cuz that means we still get to go visit SUE in LONDON! they might also move to moscow, egypt, or london! last night me betsy and shawna made blogga t-shirts w/ iron on letters...they're PIMP DADDY! they kind of look like the 'i'm a pepper' shirts for dr. pepper. we also decopaged (spelling?)...betsy is making some wooden crate....it's awesome...maybe even a little creepy b/c it has hundreds of eyes all over it....i could see how someone might have nightmares if that was by their bed....but it looks REALLY COOL. i don't have money so i just decopaged a kleenex box. sue, your mom is hillarious! we went over thinking..we'll just stop in and say hi.....i should have known that wouldn't happen...right when we came in she got out 20 different kinds of liquer.....we had to pick...so first we picked bailey's. the FIRST bottle was bad..so your mom pulls out a 2nd bottle....that one was weird too so she pulls out a THIRD bottle! haha....then she's like "there's more where that came from". haha. so then we move on to martini's b/c bloody mary's are a breakfast drink...hillarious. well, we chatted and and girl talk...and of course we're all going out to eat next week......mom's and all. sue we hear rumor of your dad getting in a fight (possibly w/ coach reidel or a radermacher parent) at a track meet a few years back...this rumor is from coach reidel via kelsee k. (well, she said it was w/ the radermacher's dad but your mom thought there was an encounter with philly)...well, app. they had to be broken up...do you know anything about this? d(ena)

 HOLLA--you made my mummys day! schpanks! i come home saturdaysaturdaysaturdaysaturdaysaturdaysaturday so get excited. everyone hear is sick of me talking about how excited i am to leave and come home and see you jokers. i am sick of studying. i want to be home. i have only been home less than two weeks in 15 months. thats like zero. i have to study hardcore today but tomorrow is my last exam and im pumped. i have no idea how i will do. thats comforting. ok, i must go and be productive. i ran 15 miles this morning. shawna, you can run with me. i run sloooooow. its good fun. actually anyone can run with me because i wotn be able to go far when i get home because it will be soooo hot and i will need people pulling me along (woohoo)(ive been running at least 10 a day yet i am still obese..a conundrum if you ask me) i cnat wait to come home. study time!

 obey my dog. so i'm completely BROKE....where's a sugar daddy when you need one. i owe my bank some money...oops....so i'm desperate for some quick cash, i guess it's back to the streets....i mean...what? so i'm applying at a tanning place....i don't know why people pay to tan when it's like 95 degrees and sunny every day but hey, the place is looking for workers so i'm there. i'm also going to apply at some place called carmela's....a little sidewalk cafe thing. MAYBE i'll go to blockbuster...free movies are always a plus. we're gonna have a foosball party soon at my house....everyone's invited. oh, i gotta go pic up the sis from school.....later. dena

 hello slutty sluttersons. this will be quick. Last night at 11:45 pm dena and I realized that we had a HUGE craving to color... weird? Yeah so i went to randalls and got in the door right before they were closing and i bought some crayons. The guy who was checking me out was like... "so you doing some late night coloring?" Yeah he thought i was a freak. I think he was expecting me to buy beer or something ... but crayons are soo much more cool than beer! Anyway so we watched Chicago and colored until the wee hours of the morning... (so much for me causing trouble... haha). Oh yeah and Heather i even danced to the movie and stubbed my toe in honor of your Chicago watching experience... ;)!! I just got back from another run... 30MINUTES. Doubled yesterdays workout! That is good.. hopefully by the end of the summer i will be able to run 12 miles at a good pace so im ready for CC season. That is my goal. It sucks going from running at least 6 miles a day to not even being able to run 4?! OH well... that is what having a Queer knee does to ya. Ok well dena and I are in the process of Designing BFFFF T-Shirts... and when we are done we are going to sell em... Trust me! They will be the Hottest Thing since sliced bread... THAT IS HOTT. oh yeah... sue/bets... today we talked to Jayde and Kristi from the CC team.. remember they were the funny ass freshman when yall were seniors. The cute asian girl and then... jayde.... she is the cute non-asian girl? haha.. yeah but they are still funny biatches. OOH they crack me up. Ok... anyway... im going to shower and finish cleaning up the house before mom and dad get home.... HOLLLLLLLLLLA. ALLOH!

 HOLLA--out the door but GUYS, GET READY, IM COMING HOME

 HOLLA ya'll. just thought i'd mention that some of you STILL don't have a profile up there....get on top of that! and i am winning with 96 profile views!!! woo hoo....i am the profile veiwed champion. sorry but i need something to brag about....otherwise i got nothing. betsy..call us soon so we can get baby cheeseburgers. i talked to katie...she's making some BROWNIES (special) when we come for shawna's b-day and she has a kareoke thing..so we'll be hitting that up...betsy...you're not allowed to sing though (according to kt) b/c you actually sing good....maybe if you sing something w/ me, my GREAT voice will be loud enough to cover yours and it will be ok. heather.....DEFINATELY COME JUNE 1ST.....it will be sooo fetch. ha i said fetch. alright, time to go eat. d ps: shrek was funny and chuy's was DELICIOUS....mmmmmmm....so good that i'm having a wet dream about it right now. ok, maybe not, but it was good...especially the frozen strawberry margarita...mmmmmmm...WAY better than the daqueri

 IM TIIIIIIIIIIIIRED! Today I woke up ... went running then came home and started cleaning at 2 and have been ever since. Mommy and Daddy will be back from their cruise tomorrow so we have had to clean up our mess from all those parties we had.... you know how it goes at the Florida Casa... ha! Yeah so I also moved all my apt shiznit back last week so today i was forced to go through all my boxes and unpack... BLAH... i hate unpacking. Last night me sara dena kelcee and brianna met mike and los at Chuys for dinner. It was TASTY. I got the "Appetizer Plate" (bc i wanted to try something new) and it had all kinds of things on it that i couldn't pronounce. The banditos were my favorite.... well i didnt eat them but i liked saying bandito. All night I was offering people my banditos just so i could say "Bandito" (annoying... probably). The chicken flautas were ORGASMIC. They actually tasted like Chicken McNuggets.. haha.. i of course (being the sexy hott hungarian that i am) smothered my flautas in sour cream.... woah TWO NIGHT IN A ROW OF SOUR CREAM... im going to be fat. Oh well. As long as my food tastes good. Mike got a strawberry daquri which pretty much was mine because i drank most of it.... when he went to the bathroom I sucked it down. Yum. After chuys we went to see shrek 2. It was pretty good. I heard it was not going to be good so my expectations were very low... but i enjoyed it. A lot more jokes that are for adults.. you know the kids laugh because they know its supposed to be funny but they dont really know what it means. Yeah i am just now recently figuring out some of those jokes from movies i watched as a kid... like Grease... that movie now that I think about it made no sense to me as a kid. Whenever Rizzo and Kinicky were foolin around in the car and then he goes "it broke... ive had it since the 7th grade" i HAD NO IDEA that he was talking about a condom. It is a good thing i finally learned what condoms were in my health class last semester... ;) Ok anyway... my favorite part of shrek 2 was when pinnochio goes "Im a real boy" ... if you see the movie you'll understand. Its like one of those completely random lines and his voice sounds really Queer... kinda reminded me of betsy's dog Lucky...it made me laugh. Maybe ILL SEE MEAN GIRLS AGAIN! I love that movie!!! It's Fetch! heather- come to houston june 1... you can come to my early birthday party... im having like 6 parties this summer... bc that is what you do when you turn 20... you get 6 parties. Oh yeah... and looks like you will have to shack it up with betsy.... mamma flo said she dont want no hungarian sluts at our house....I tried telling her she already has 4 hungarian sluts living at her house but she wouldnt listen. JK SISTA LOL BFFF OMG GF... you can stay with us. Betsy-call me or dena tonight we are going to eat mini cheeseburgers at denny's! well i think i might go find something to do... im going to cause some TROUBLE TONIGHT.. the last night without the 'rents... not that it makes a difference in my house.. but yeah.. ill pretend like i have normal strict parents. HOLLA (who votes for a new signature for the blog? Dena is app. too cool for the word "Holla")

 HOLLA look at shawna's new pics she put up. DO IT! d

 HOLLA....so this is my last day of being 'mom'. woo hoo!! saw shrek last night....funny stuff....pinnochio is gay and is unsure about whether he is a girl or a 'real boy'. betsy, sucks to your coach. if you don't go out tonight...come over to our house...or we can go get those mini cheeseburgers at denny's after you go out tonight....those were YUM. heather, your stalker is kind of creepy..i wonder if he has found the blog. he prob prints out everything you write and has a scrapbook w/ all your online photes and superimposes himself in with you. i told my mom you were coming to visit and she got excited. so you better come! sue, you're coming home SOOON!!! i can't wait. hey we can go out to happy hour somewhere and celebrate. alright, well, i just don't have much to say...so i'm outie d

 yes, freak..and all those girls...is it NORMAL to take pictures of yourself naked? i hope so, it makes me feel alot better about myself because ive been doing it for ages...good to see the trend in catching. right, so, like betsy, i too must make this quick because the OC is about to be on..oh! that made me think of the OG, yum. guys i might be home as early as FRIDAY. ahhhh, i am soo excited. tv time.

 HOLLA so I'm gonna make this quick. It's been a while since I've blogged. So yeah I played yesterday...Luis the putrid anal bead bumped me back down to the B team. Actually I kinda would rather be on the B team b/c at least I'll be playing the whole game, plus I'll be defending more, and I'm a defender, so that's a good thing. I just keep telling myself that this is training for next season, that this isn't permanent, etc. At least the girls on the team are fun. Speaking of, I think we're all going out tonight. I'll try to drunk blog if I can. I was supposed to play today but I did not go to the game. The plus side of this is that I didn't have to see Luis's gross face. The down side is that I actually have a reason for not playing...and that reason is b/c I think something may be wrong with my foot. It started hurting in warm up yesterday...I'm afraid it might be a stress reaction, which leads to a stress fracture. I'm not too worried about it yet, but I definitely learned my lesson about properly resting my body after last summer. Last summer I got a stress fracture, was out over half the summer, and my first day back was the cooper (first day of preseason). For non soccer people, the cooper is two miles in twelve minutes...I know not hard for you considering you're probably a runner, but it's hard for soccer girls who train in a completely different manner. Anyway... I've just been resting the foot and watching tv. I'm gonna ice now...six feet under's on.

 HOLLA i like beers. harry met sally is on and ive never seen it so i am going to try and figure this out,....its a little late in the movie.

 HOLLA shawna - thanks for the car advice. and thanks for pointing out how i see who my stalker is... I'm such a dork - i didn't even realize that was a link! haha. OMG this guy is sooo creepy!! he posts a comment on every single one of my pictures. and he's so gross! check out his profile on yafro -- he's got like, every single bitch on the site (incl me - haha) as "his friend" so i'm sure he posts desperate comments on all these girls' pics. poor guy. maybe he'd have better luck if he'd buy some new jeans, ditch the white sneaks, stand up straight, and take a better picture NOT IN FRONT OF DISNEYLAND!! oh, and your 3-layer dip sounds yummmy!! sour cream is THE BEST. we like it so much because we're hungarian. hungarians are HOTT. buuu-csuuu!! heather

 THE BEST NEWS EVER!!! I am SERIOUSLY thinking about coming down to H-Town soon!! not kidding here. When will everyone (or most everyone) be there?? I was thinking of coming down June 1st or so, after Memorial Day... In like, 10 DAYS!! Lemme know if this is a good time or not. I'm getting excited. Dena/Shawna, I'm assuming I can crash with you guys... if not, Betsy said she'd give me some carpet space at her place in return for a couple of sexual favors on my part for luckythelesbo... right Betsy?!! :) I'm not sure yet if i'm flying or driving... but i'll keep you posted. get excited, y'all... BFFFF-HOLLA-BLOGGA-GET-TOGETHA-2004!! -h

 um. Blogger is pissing me off today. why is it that they can't find their f-in server?!?!! HOLLA

 Hi. SO i just went to subway to get me some lunch. I had TWO subclub cards full of stamps so I got my footlong free (w/purchase of a 21oz drink) .... this part pisses me off. The girl, who looked no older than 13 goes for the medium drink and I wanted a large drink so I asked for one. She goes, "you can only get a medium drink with the subclub card.... see it says it right here" and she points out the tiny writing on the card. I am fully AWARE of this policy so i just asked her if i could buy a large instead and she giggled shook her head no and handed me the medium. UMMMM what the hell?! "Hi I am a subway employee and I dont want to make money" .... seriously why would she care if i was going to spend more money on a large drink??? I dont get it. Sometimes those subway people just dont make sense. Anyway so I am stuck with my medium dr. pepper which will be gone after i take my first bite of my sandwich. Stupid subway people. yesteray mike and I went to the Transco Tower (aka galleria) and ate lunch by the waterwall. It was enjoyable. There were like 5 million people having picnics there.... i guess that is the cool thing to do. There were these three hispanic boys who took hundreds of pictures of themselves next to the waterwall...im guessing they were out of towners because they were over there posing in front of it the whole time i ate lunch. The funny thing is they were using a camera phone.... Maybe im wrong but im guessing a camera phone isnt going to capture the "beauty" of the waterwall seeing that the waterwall is HUGE and camera phones take crappy pictures. But hey, whatever floats your boat. Last night we went over to JMAC's because he is going to australia for two weeks and T is leaving for 2 months for a camp thing. So we had a kind of "going away party" ... We had pappasitos cater our "party" and it was delicious... i even invented my own 3 layer dip. I dont think anyone else liked it but me. It was mostly sour cream and I love sour cream...so it probably was kind of nasty to everyone else. Jerry has drums, 3 guitars and a microphone so we had our own little jam session. Me and Dena on the mic... lets just say you probably wouldnt have wanted to be there. But i had to sing T a going away song.... haha. I sang him that song by Amy Lee from evanesence... i forgot the name.. the really slow song where she sounds like she is going to kill herself.. yeah i sang that to him. Ok well i could go on for days and days but i need to unpack some boxes and eat my lunch. all i have to say is last night I RAPED everyone in Homerun Derby.... I won every game! berkman is a haas. oh yah- heather, click on the link (which is the title of denas post about the stalker) and it will show you a pic of him. HOLLA

 dena - who's my stalker??? I'm so curious. stalker - shoutout. how YOU doin? So, i'm back to not having a job. my dad still wants me to drop everything and move up to his cabin to run that motel deal he's buying... right now the motels are so nasty i can't even BREATHE inside them. but, he's gonna pimp em out eventually, and get wireless hi-speed internet and cable and what not, so once that happens, i wouldn't mind moving up there. i need to make $$$ to pay of my credit cards! and i don't wanna get a "real" job. so, i've planned it all out... i'm just gonna design websites for more clients this summer and sell more crap on eBay! i need a new car, too. i'm still sportin' the old '93 mercury topaz that i got from my stepdad's grandma... it's sooo ugly. but piiiiiimp. what's your take on buying vs. leasing a car?? i mean, the second you buy a car, it depreciates in value SO MUCH. It's the WORST investment you could ever make. So i figure, if you're gonna be making a car payment every month from now untill the next 3 or 4 years, and then have to be repairing it and fixing it for ten years after that... why not just LEASE a car instead, and get a brand new one every so often for the same monthly payment you'd be making anyway??!! please lemme know you thoughts on this. and all you stalkers/readers/financial GURU's out there -- leave a comment here to tell me if i'm an idiot or not, and what the pros/cons are on this one. thx :) alright, gotta make some dough... heather

 HOLLA...charmed is the best tv show ever and the air up there could possibly be the greatest movie that there ever was. it is true. i want to come home. yay for home. yay for hot. i hope its hot there. i want heat. i am three quarters of the way done with my exams. whoa scratch that, charmed is lame. i am going to dinner with beer man tonight. i want to get him drunk and take advantage of him. hes yummy. i am also in love with three boys from my course. this is about right. come the end of the year, i start realizing that they boys in my course are hot and probably want to have my babies. its true, they do. so these exams are kicking my ass. truly. i am going to bring them back and show you these insane questions they ask. its actually only three questions and you have three hours to answer them. and you have to spend an hor on each question and just write. insane. samuel jackson is funny. he does bank commericals over here. i dont know why. also, cristina (xtina) aguliera is the new spokesmodel for virgin over here. the commercials are quite funny. its funny because she knows shes a slut. she owns it. well done xtina. my head hurts, i must go

 HOLLA So i dont really have much to say but in order to not be considered dead to Betsy im trying to keep my posting up so ill write more when i have something better to say peace

 HOLLA--i cant find the blog...all i want to do is read the blog. blah blah blah i want to see the blog. blooooooog. well its 8am on a saturday and i have no idea why i am awake. i am hungry. i am going to eat. out

 HOLLA...first of all....i vote that shawna changes 'HOLLA' to a new catch phrase for the blog....anyone else? how about 'fetch' since you love that word so much shanababa. right now i'm eating some left over OG spagetti...it's not bad. ps: thanks for the lasagna on my car angela..i saw it this morning. it should still be nice and hot and ready to eat. jk. well, i guess i'm the L-O-S-E-R now. i'm racking up on the blog points. we should have a bffff blogga contest....where someone wins a shirt. i'll make the shirt today after i pick up brianna. well, maybe...i don't know...i don't konw if i'll have enough time...but once it hits your lips...it's sooooo good. sorry, this blog is so pointless and random...so i'm out. d

 HOLLA Well I'll probably stay at Rice on Saturday night...then I have work the next day. So I'll be available on Sunday at 5! I'll call you guys. I'm staring to get hungry! I'm gonna go find contacts. The computer is blurry. Out!

 HOLLA...i'll tell you...b/c shawna never wakes up so i have to get up at 8am every day to take brianna to school:( it is PAIN. betsy, are you free this weekend after saturday? we should do something. oh, we're gonna see shrek 2 tonight if anyone wants to come. alright, since it's pretty frekin early...i'm going back to bed. d

 ......who masterbates to her.....AHHHHHH. heather, he is in LOOOOOOVVVE with you! just thought everyone should know. love you all! dena ps: jaime, where are you....i'm calling you tomorrow

 HOLLA.....HAPPY B-DAY SUE!!!!! (even though i'm an hour late...sorry....it's hard to get on the computer at my house...cuz shawna never GETS OFF....and i don't mean in a sexual way cuz when it comes to that....i hear she's the PRO). sorry it took so long to write on here....i've been sleeping, going in the hot tub, sleeping, and running occasionally.... ooooh...yesterday i went to the ZOO!! i was so fun....i felt like a school girl again. haha. but seriously it was fun. and the best surprise was at the monkeys (of africa), there were two monkeys "hugging". i was looking at them thinking....awe...how cute, they like eachother....but then there was a little thrusting going on. at first i just thought they were uncomfortable up on the branch like that....and needed to change positions.....THEY NEEDED TO CHANGE POSITIONS ALRIGHT........SEX POSITIONS. they were going at it like crazy. and the funniest part was that there was this little girl (prob. around 8 yrs old) next to me who said "that monkey's going up her a$$!" and then after the man raped the girl monkey, he just swung away....that jerk's prob. just gonna ignore her and pretend it never happend now that he got what he wanted....JERK. at least when oscar has his way w/ the lion....he licks it afterwards. haha...sorry... anyone who's seen oscar knows what i'm talking about. today we saw good old phil reidel and coach yates....apparently i was next to yates at a stop light and he honked and waved but i just looked at him and gave him the evil eye like he was a dirty old man...OOPS. i didn't know it was him. haha. we have to go swimming when you get here sue....with philly and the chess club...and your mexican boyfriends who don't stop staring at you. haha..that was funny. oh, and apparently it is now the freshaman 25 instead of 15....what is happening to us college people? i guess we just know how to party like rock stars. alright, i'm out....lata d

 oh man! i didnt want to post again because i already posted today and posting twice a day makes me kind of loserish. But really i dont care. yay im a loser. I went running at 1-ish.... dena and I ran to klein (app. caroline saw us and she almost got in a car wreck because we are so damn sexy and she had to do a triple-take ... nothing new here.) It was HOT outside.... at least 400 degrees. The furthest i have run since my surgery has been 20 minutes... and that hurt so i was a little skeptical about running to the track because then after my workout i would have to RUN home. But i did it anyway. Whenever we got to the track all the klein track people were out there for practice. Dena and I had our shirts off.. bc its normal to run in a sports bra when its a million degrees outside. Well these bitchy highschool girls were all starin like i was some kind of ho because i run with my shirt off! THEN she yells "Put some clothes on" and laughs and looks at her friends expecting high fives for her 'witty' comment. I wonder what this girl wears when she's out getting wasted with her 12 year old posse on the weekends, probably not much! But the best part was when she pulled off her shirt to expose a tank top small enough to fit my little sister exposing all kinds of ugly things. Anyway, im not bitter or anything, haha. Ok, so besides that, i ran 33 minutes.. im very proud because im SO out of shape right now! YAY. i got a nice tan too.... WATCH tan line and EVERYTHING. Sexy. After i showered me angela kelcee dena and brianna went to the Olive Garden. (i think angela and I go at least *twice* a week). After me angela and kelcee had nothing to do. SOOO we drove for at least 3 hours... we explored EVERY neighborhood in klein and we stalked some guy kelcee knew (which was unsuccessful at first since we ended up in an abandoned street.... i think kelcee was trying to rape us)...we also stalked betsy and visited her for a few minutes while her lesbo dog lucky raped angela. then we went to starbucks and i oredered something i cant pronounce, i really dont like coffee but hanging out at starbucks makes you cool i heard. after that we went to a park in colony creek and played on the swings and "followed" the ducks. Boredom turns you into a 6 year old kid apparently. Angela got stuck with one of those baby swings that you can barely fit one leg in...it was funny, because kelcee and I had the cool kid swings. Kelcee has been inducted into me and angelas band: n0 t@l3nt.... Her band name is Babee and she plays the cowbell. Angela is trick, plays the drums and my name is kiki (see february blog archive for explanation) and i play the flute. Really we dont play instruments and we dont sing, or do anything for that matter... but having a band is HOT in itself. Ok well i have nothing more to say... and why doesnt anyone else post? I think i need to get a job... yeah i do. HOLLA

 HOLLA I'm so cold right now b/c I just got back from practice and I'm in sweaty clothes drinking a Powerade slushie from Sonic. So this is gonna be quick...just wanted to say everyone sucks except for Shawna and me b/c we BLOG OCCASIONALLY. I guess Sue's exempt since it's her birthday and she's got exams, but the rest of you anal probes have no excuse! Today Shawna, Kelcee, and Angela stopped by. They think my dog Lucky is a lesbian. I think it may be true. I support you, Lucky! I'm shivering. My brother wanted to know what the website to our blog was so he could read it. I told him no way jose. He'll probably find out anyway. How hilariously awful would it be if members of my family were reading some of this stuff....haha. Oh well, I think it's worth the risk...I would never keep up with your lives otherwise. And apparently other people read it and think it's funny. Ok, I'm gonna take a shower. BLOG DAMNIT!

 happy birthday suzanne french. You are now allowed to drink legally in the US. Man is sucks turning 21 in LONDON...where you can drink when you are 12...(trust me i KNOW... ;) ) ... But at least when you get here you can enjoy it! I WONT BE ABLE TO WITH YOU bc im a baby. But in less than a month I WILL NO LONGER BE A TEENAGER...woo hoo. the big 2-0! so i just remembered i forgot to blog about my movie experience with angela last week. We saw Mean Girls, which was very funny and reminded me a lot of a certain high school...cough cough KLEIN. Holy crap, i think that's why i enjoyed the movie so much because our high school was exactly like that.... pretty sad huh? The only difference is that Mean Girls was funny...klein is just gay. But anyway i laughed and angela and I now say the word 'Fetch' a lot hoping that one day it will be cool. So when we went to the movie...it was SUNNY outside.... well things quickly changed in that Hour and 37 minutes. Angela and I headed toward the theater exit after the movie ended and she opened the door and she got rained on.. haha. SO we were like, CRAP, we are parked 50 miles away! (I guess everyone is at AMC 24) ... So all the people there were hovering under the shelter at the theater and I decided to brave the rain. I took off my flip flops, rolled up my jeans and started to run. Angela slowly followed, because app. she wasn't as excited to get wet. But, running in the rain is a great experience... i highly recommend it! The best part was when we forgot where we parked so we looked like lost wet dogs. It was fun. The past two days i spent moving out my apt. I moved home about a month ago seeing that i was done with school... but forgot to bring all my belongings with me! i hate moving.... it was horrible. I just threw all my stuff in random boxes... no method or anything. If i saw it i threw it in. So that is going to be fun unpacking. Mike was kind enough to help me move... which if he hadn't i probably would still be there trying to bring stuff back in my tiny VW beetle. Yes, we decided that I probably couldn't move 6 pieces of furniture and 8 boxes in my beetle. ew...why do old women feel like it is their duty to pull their workout shorts up to their sagging breasts? This lady just rode by my house on her bike.... shirtless ...and her shorts are WAY UP THERE. This grosses me out. We ALL know you have a BELLY..so stop trying to hide it with your shorts... its not working. All it does is make you look like you have a reversed ass. Sorry that was random but it had to be said. So next time you see one of these women working out... be sure to let her know whats up! Ok yall.. i got my grades in.... Im happy yet slightly dissapointed. I got a 2.95! I was expecting a 3.1.... but here is the reason i did not recieve my gracious 3.1: My HRMA prof... is an idiot and decided that an 89.5 is NOT A 90... and he REFUSED to round up and give me an A! How ridiculous is that? I got 100, 98, 94,92,90 on my tests and papers but ONE zero on my quizzes and somehow I got a B+? I still question this grade but im going to suck it up and live with it. I could have been in the 3.0 CLUB THIS SEMESTER.. BUUUUUT NOOOOOOOOO 89.5 is NOT ROUND-UP-ABLE. (is that word... YES!BC I SAID SO). Oh well... 18 hours and a 2.9 go well together bc all my advisors told me i would do bad if i took 18 hours and i proved em wrong! SO there you go SUCKAS! And i finally passed ALGEBRA.... woo hoo. This class is what brought my average down the most but all i was worried about was getting done with it. Who knew i would pass an ONLINE algebra class...once again, everyone said it COULDNT BE DONE. I am ELIGIBLE TO RUN NOW.. WOOOOO HOO! And after i get a 4.0 in my summer school classes my GPA is going to be ROCKIN'. Bets, Troy was pretty lame, like i told mike "You didnt know who to root for" .. i like hector but then brad was just soo cool too. I just didnt really like it. It wasn't so terrible that i wanted to leave the theater, but it could have been done a lot better.... and by that i mean I could have done brad pitt a lot better. I already saw Kill Bill 2, but ill see it again. sue, rape your grades like you would a schoolboy on a hot summers afternoon........ok that one is just sick. Just remember the last analogy i used...that one was better. Heather, Nice pix..... they were FETCH. And when the hell are you comin to H-Tizzity TOwn?! Come sometime around May 30...that is when sue will be home. PLEASE. QUIT your job, and forget your priorities because i swear..this is WAY important. dena, GET A ROOM. angela... um you are slowly dying to me.... the dagger has already cut through the skin and i am starting to twist the knife..... (BLOG!) JAiME... ? Ok i just looked over my blog and realized it was indeed a novel blog...sorry guys, i can't help it... i like to write. But ill stop now and save you all about 3.56 more minutes of reading.... HOLLA

 HOLLA Happy birthday Sue!!!!! In fifteen minutes. To you you are already 21!! Yay when you come home you can buy alcohol! It's fun! Ok, I miss you...we all miss you and can't wait for you to come home!!!

 HOLLA so I saw Troy tonight with my family...I was not impressed. I'm too tired to go way into specifics, but I do think it had potential. However, I think too much energy was spent on the set (which was magnificent) and not enough on creating a solidifying tone, theme, etc. It retold the story, but it was not particularly gripping, and I don't feel like I gained anything from watching it. The character development was rather weak. Additionally, I thought the score was poor, and was basically a knock-off of the Gladiator. The Gladiator used the background music of a moaning woman and it worked b/c it backed up and complemented a genuinely gripping narrative. Troy just tried to copy its predecessor, but it lacked in substance, thereby making the score nothing less than corny. I didn't find Brad Pitt sexy either. Except in the beginning when he first converses with the captive woman (forgot the name) and he is naked and covered in dirt in blood. That was hot. Other than that, I thought Hector was sexier. Whatever...I'm waiting to see Kill Bill Vol. 2. Anyone wanna go?

 HOLLA! i got the 500th blog!!! yay. we are pathetic losers...we have blogged 500 times...and really only five of us blog--anglea you will always be dead to me and jaime..c'mon already--that means that we blog ALL THE TIME. this has got to be quick..apologies apologies..i think i raped my tests--maybe not "firsts" but definitely a "2:1" (give letters or real numbers you stupid brits!). ok, i have to study for my exam on friday which will surely kick my ass. ahhhhhhhhhhhh--thats me being ultra frustrated. im out kiddos. shout outs. i miss ya'll, thanks for the encouragement. lates

 ...of the cat on Meet the Parents?? I wonder if that was her birth name, or a name she gave herself after becoming a crackwhore... the top three names for my baby girl are Hex, Cursed, and Voodoo... I hope she follows in my footsteps and becomes a crackwhore, too... I have the best job EVER. too bad it's over on Friday. no, i didn't get fired... just laid off... actually, that's a lie, too -- i just plain got laid. kidding. but really, i'm working this two-week seminar that i do every summer where we teach profs and faculty here at CU who are computer illiterate how to do pimp ass sh*t in their classrooms using computers and technology!! it's HOT. like hungarians. but my job consists of just sitting around most of the day doing whatever, and then ever hour or so the participants come out to the computer lab to work on their projects, and we just wander around helping them. and then they leave again, and it's back to surfin' the web for me. and they way overpay us. it's great. and we get free catered lunches. yummm. sue, you've probably finished you day of exams by now since you're sex, i mean SIX, hours ahead of us, but good luck anyway... you being smart makes me wet. dena and shawna, here are some pictures of the urlLink engagement party we had for Melissa and Shaun, just in case you forgot who he was! haha! (It might take a while to load all the pictures and you won't see anything for a while...) man, i have SO MANY FRICKIN PICTURES that i still need to go through... i have this problem where i won't post pictures online or send them to people until i go through them all and resize them and crop them so everything's centered... i'm such a dork. alright, gotta go get paid to show people how to change the font color in their Word documents... sucks to be me! -heather :)

 HOLLA so, i got done from a lovely night of tagging. (items for sale that is). this is gonna be short cuz i'm about to go in the hot tub. sue, YOU'RE JIMMY aren't you? though so! do great at LSE b/c london rocks...but if you do come back to the US that would be great too! cuz this whole 10 day vacation thing pretty much sucks. YUP. alright, more later...i'm OUT. but not in a gay sense. dena

 HOLLA Good luck Suzy! I know you'll pass. Please, you will not go back to Tulane. You're gonna kick ass. And when you do, we're gonna have a big party to celebrate when you get home. When do you find out what your scores are? And I'll try to be nice to Luis, but gross I hate him. (this is shawna posting betsy's post for her bc she is computer retarded.... lol LYLAS ROFLMAO call me this summer! No bets you saved it as a draft instead of PUBLISHING... so i thought i would do you the honor of posting it for ya. -shawna)

 hi. Have I posted recently? I dont remember ..... i feel like i did. But..... ok ill post again. I could just go check my recent blogs but that takes effort. HOW YOU DOIN? Well a couple nights ago... (after eating BBQ w/the crackwhore "jinx") dena and I got home. FYI: the rents have been out of town all week and we are watching the 12 year old sis. Anyway, so we pull in the driveway, after picking up some drinks at HEB, and ALLL the lights in the house are on. We notice but dont really think of it. BC i have a tendancy of leaving the lights on...and i know dena and brianna sure as hell wouldn't go out of their way to turn them off. So then I get in the garage and open the door.... the door in the laundry room is closed.... this is weird, bc we never close that door. So i ask brianna if she did it then just assumed our cat knocked it shut. We go in the house and pull out the drinks. Angela came over to enjoy the wine coolers with us. Then I get a call.. it says "Carlos" so i run into the piano room to answer because ANGELA is SO F-ING LOUD. (jk lol sista...love ya..call me!) Anyway so right when i get in there... i see mike and carlos curled up on the floor laughing....I jumped because they were supposed to be at their place downtown. SO we got a pleasant surprise....But they were like..."Yall weren't scared that all the lights were on?!?!" haha.. they dont know us very well i guess because that normal around our house. Anyway app. they parked their car on a different street and walked to our house..haha they put a little too much effort into that. so betsy came over later and we all drank our wine coolers and played kings. I wasnt really feeling the game.... so i just played around. I was being super annoying tho... i pulled out my flute from 7th grade band and started playing random notes. I dont remember how to play anyhting but everytime someone said something i would dedicate a song to them and then start playing my flute (aka random out of tune notes that sound like death)...shibby. P.S. i found out a couple days ago when you add the word "shibby" to the end of your sentences you sound A LOT COOLER ..... shibby. I am cool now. I spent the remainder of the night playing with betsy's new cell phone. Her new screen name is 'betsy likes cameltoe' ....its because she likes cameltoe. SHe told me. And her screen saver is this ugly eagle flying ... haha. Shibby. Ok ill stop saying shibby...after this. Shibby. Yesterday we went to see Troy...after we got kicked out of the bowling alley first of course. App, we aren't in a 'lEAGUE' so we can't play at 4 o'clock in the afternoon. Whatever, i can be in a league if i want to. SO Troy was good. Not great. Just good. And the good might just be because brad pitt is nice to look at. The movie was app. not true to the story. But i failed 9th grade honors english, which is where i learned about that stuff... so it made no difference to me. So last night i played mike in Slugfest 2004 on playstation... (baseball). He was the yankees and I was the cardinals...... I swear he was cheating because he beat me 33 to 4..... !! He got a homerun like every other guy.... HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE?! The yankees are duche bags. Ok well now that i woke up at 1 pm.... and wasted my whole day which SHOULD BE geared toward finding a job...... I am going to do something productive. I am supposed to be moved out of my apartment by tomorrow... and well, i havent been back there in a month and my stuff is EVERYWHERE. Nothing is packed. Crapitydoo. I have my own cool word... crapitydoo. Use it.... i heard it makes you super cool. sue get good grades, i got a 3.1 this semester. I am smart. Kind of. But with 18 hours i am proud. YAY for me. betsy ... i think you should just go into Luis' room in the middle of the night... then dress up in lingerie and a mask....seduce him.... trick him into having hot steamy luis sex, THEN VIDEOTAPE IT and then... if he pisses you off just pull out the tape and be like, "What did you say?" "That's what i thought..." YOu would SO OWN HIM for the rest of the summer... and hey maybe you'll get a few sexy Luis Babies out of it!!! Cross your fingers. OH yeah. i was leaving. HOLLA

 you know what the wosrt part about pop-up things on your computer are? you actually think youve won something. well i dont know if YOU do, but i sure as hell do. the one i got today said i won 800 to travel to america. now, i dont know about you but, for me, that would be incredibly useful. i really wanted to click it but i was too scared that the smiling sun was going to turn into naked lesbian porn and as i am in the school computer lab i didnt feel secure enough to deal with getting porn off my screen before some one important/ hot / anyone at all saw. i have two of my finals tomorrow--which is insane that half my grades for the entire year will be decided in a matter of seven hours. i cant believe its almost over. i want to take these exams so bad. i cant wait to show these brits how freaking smart i am (please dont make me eat these words if i fail and have to go back to tulane). how dumb is it that they only take one test per course the whole year. dumb, really dumb. its pretty hot here, like 78 and its so funny because my school is all losers and the weather is soooo perfect but everyone is miserable and just says "man, i hate this weather". they dont actually hate it--they hate that they know theyll be in the library for 7 million hours and never see the sun ever again. since i am ultra fat right now because there is something the matter with my body (whether it be hormones or my stomach...yet to be determined) i am waking up at 545 to run and you know what they sun beats me! the sun comes up here at 5 and doesnt go down til 930. this is weird too. because i go to bed at 930. that sun, its out to get me. i dotn want to study anymore. i am done studying. i quit. until tomorrow. all i want to do is go home and watch tv--theres a slight problem though--british tv sucks balls and i only get to pick ....OOOOOH theres nmy bus crush (i think hes definitley gay though)...get to pick between crappy show A or this show is ultra lame B. and then i check my email over and over and over again to see if anything has come. no, nothing comes, so i check the blog and may i say HATS OFF TO THE SUMMER BLOGGING. i am impressed ok, i feel guilty for not reading about economics so i must go but let me give some words of advice before i go ( i am wise beyond my years) betsy, quit hating your coach. true, hes an asshole ---whatever, get over it. most people are. this is how you deal. dont be an ice queen. you dont have to be a suck up either. kill him wtih kindness, you BYEBYE BUS CRUSH....all you do is smile alot and answer everythig enthusiatically. you dont have to go out of your way to say anything to him but dont go out of your way to be an ass. plus if youre really nice, youll confuse the hell out him. anawkward situations are always fun. sack up girlfriend...if you want to play, PLAY THE GAMES. thats what its all about (dooooo the hokey pokey, doooooo the hokey pokey) dena. can we swim at klein when i come home--i warning you i look like a whale. a beluga whale. theyre the coolest. yaaaaaaaaaaaaay for sea world and the best spring break EVER. i cant wait to see all you jokers. and before i go...I AM SO FUCKING SMART. (Sorry for the profanity but it had to be said, and it needed to be said before tomorrows blog when i say how badly i failed my exams) out

 HOLLA does anyone remember that show? Hell of a show. So a lot has happened since I've last blogged...let's start with my fun little trip to Denver. Well, we lost both of our games. Shizzle sticks. The first loss was understandable b/c they'd been playing together for a long time, they had a bunch of national team players on their team, etc. Not to mention we had gotten off the plane only hours before and we weren't remotely acclimated to the altitude change (it really does make a difference!). The second game was a different story...our opponents were mostly high school players, and we dominated the majority of the game, but couldn't find the net. And they did once. What can I say shit happens. Basically, it was simultaneously the best and worst time I've had in a while. The worst part of it is that I completely and utterly loathe Luis. He hardly plays me, which is understandable b/c most of the girls all play my position and they're all good players. But he just did some really shitty things that were obviously done just to try and piss me off. I don't really know what he has against me...maybe he can see it written all over my face that I think he's an asshole. I guess it's gonna be pretty obvious that I don't like you if I essentially like everyone and am nice to everyone else and then I'm a total ice queen to you. Did that sentence make sense? Hope so. One time, one of our defenders got hurt, I was the only girl left on the bench not to go in, and knowing full well that I'm a defender, he puts Marisa in as defender even though she's never played the position in her life. I think he's trying to manipulate me into kissing his ass, but I just can't. He's one of those coaches...the one that tries to coach by intimidation. I've never responded well to that. And he's not even intimidating. He just thinks he is. I think he thinks I have an awful attitude, but the thing is, I've never done or said anything disrespectful up to that point. In sum, he is a petty asshole and I hope he gets mauled by something with sharp claws. The best part of the trip? I love the girls on the team. We have fun. The funny part about it is that I'm making friends with people I never would've thought I'd be friends with. For instance, one of the girls plays for U of H, our cross town rival, and we nearly got in a fight last time we played each other. And another one of the girls, from A&M, is a girl we used to harrass online for having ridiculously awful away messages. Yeah I really regret doing that b/c I actually genuinely like her. And I admit that we were huge losers for actually taking the time to bother the girl about her away messages. Also, this whole situation is just a lot less stressful than playing in college b/c this is more for training for next fall. There's no dry season, no getting insanely nervous about winning the WAC championship...you know what I mean. Also, we were in two vans on the way back to the airport. Luis was driving the other one, and the girls in our van dared me to moon the other van. Of course I did, and I stuck my bare ass right up against the window so Luis could see it. He wasn't amused. I'm glad, b/c I think he's a stupid fucking prick and I hope he gets mauled by something with sharp claws. Oh, another reason why Luis sucks my anal canal...he didn't pay for any of our meals on the trip. But the kicker was he didn't tell us that we were paying until after we had eaten. Actually, he didn't tell us at all...we were just supposed to assume that we were paying. He has no penis. Ok so that was my trip to Denver. Today was pretty interesting...the Rice University traffic nazis ticketed my car for no damn reason. I caught the guy and asked him to void the ticket, but he said he couldn't and told me to get an appeal. I called him a fucking asshole. It was rude, but it was true, and that's what I do folks, I speak the truth. The situation: I was parked in front of Autry Court (gym, locker room, coaches offices, etc.) and you can only be parked there for fifteen minutes. I got my car out of there in the allotted (sp?) time and went to the Village for like forty-five minutes. I came back to Autry and was parked there for maybe five to ten minutes. When I came out, I had a ticket on my car. The traffic guy saw me park the first time, didn't see me leave, and when he made his second round, he saw my car parked there the second time and assumed that I had been parked there the whole time. I was livid. Therefore, I screamed obsceneties (sp?) as he drove off. Also, my car died. Twice. And it wasn't my fault this time. Seriously. The battery died, so I had to buy a new one, which is a hundred bucks down the fucking drain. That's really convenient when you have a job that doesn't pay very well and you're trying to save up for grad school. If I didn't love my car so much, I'd burn it. Fords really do suck. Too bad I'm a Mustang girl. There's just no going back now. Yeah so Chrissy (coach) had to jump my car the second time, and she went with me to the car place where I could get a new battery. That was fun b/c she hates Luis too and we talked about how much we hate him together. It was fun. I miss my real coaches. I don't want to repeat a story but yeah I went over to Dena and Shawna's last night and drank and ate hot dog tacos. They were good. Then we watched Teddy Ruxpin again. So gay. I mean p.c. queer. Actually queer and gay are not the same thing if we want to get technical here. Let's just say homoerotic. Well that's pretty much it...yeah Dena we do need to go back to Denny's b/c the baby burgers are really good. Oh yeah I remember Brittany (sp?) Yates. I'm flattered that people are actually reading this and are entertained by it. Yay! Brittany, tell your dad that Betsy says hi! I always liked Coach Yates.

 HOLLA....so it's hailing today and there's NOTHING to do. but last night we did have a bffff blogga semi get together...betsy angela me and shawna showed up. we played some kings and of course brianna played too...(w/ sprite)....i think i lost b/c i was definately the the most non sober....i don't know if anyone really got drunk....i was a bottle of beer away from it...but i was feeling pretty darn good. but really, i know you all don't care about that...so on to more exciting things. so, this song came on the radio when we were driving home from a bar b que at adam's place and it was a very seductive song (you've all heard it before but i forgot what it's called)...so anyways, shawna's in the passenger's seat and everytime we pass a car she starts flipping her hair and rubbing it and seductively eyeing the drivers....this one guy totally wanted her. haha...it was hillarious. oh and at the bar b que the guy who adam lives with has a girlfriend (named jinx rpw: shout out....you should put your blog back up...b/c we just don't know what you're up to anymore. sue, 12 days or so!!! GET EXCITED! i think the rain will stop by the time you're here. what's your mom doing? i hope your stomach thing gets better. betsy, call if you get bored..we can get some mini cheeseburgers from denny's again..those things were GOOD. heather, gma didn't warn you about getting fat? ummmm.....she needs to get on top of that.....ask her how you get love handles, ask her! the good news is...since we're hungarian....we are automatically HOT. it's true. jaime, what happened to you? you are taking angela's place of not blogging b/c angela blogs now. dena

