 Note to Canadians: urlLink DON'T EAT YOUR BALLOTS

 Looks like one of the twins from Good Charlotte is slumming it with Hilary Duff. Photo urlLink here . In other news... DMX was arrested for trying to steal a car apparently.

 Guess what! SPIN's very own Chuck Klosterman will be doing a fun-filled book tour. Expect to find him in a city near you very soon. And if he's not in your city, then you should drive to a city that he'll be in. It's worth it. Also, he's going on tour to promote his book "Sex, Drugs, and CoCo Puffs," which is now available in urlLink paperback . Here are his tour dates: THE 2004 "WHEELS OF CONFUSION" TOUR July 12th, 7:00pm - Joseph Beth (Cleveland) July 13th, 7:00pm - Ruminator Books (Minneapolis)* July 15th, 7:30pm - Powell's Books (Portland) July 19th, 7:30pm - Elliott Bay Book Company (Seattle) July 20th, noon - Real Networks Corporate reading (Seattle) July 21st, 7:30pm - Cody's Books (San Fran) July 22nd, 7:00pm - Green Apple Books (San Fran) July 23rd, noon - Virgin Corporate "Lunchbox Hero" experience (LA) * * July 23rd, 7:30pm - Skylight Books (LA) July 27th, 7:30pm - Barnes & Noble (Astor Place) (NYC)

 For those wondering... STELLASTARR* AFTERPARTY @ MANAHATTA (316 BOWERY @ BLEECKER) I go on at 2:30am. DJs Mike Williams and Electro Greg will be holding fort with the mighty rock and roll until i get there and drink you under the tables. Wait. I wont be drinking.

 Holy shit, that post seemed like a paid advertisment from A Drug Free America or something. Drugs are great. Booze is fantastic. I miss them both and i plan on reaquainting myself with them shortly. There's nothing like dancing to Blondie when the lights are all over the place and you're totally loaded and you're not preoccupied with the fact that your coordination and balance stopped existing the day you grew two big boobies.

 OK! So sobriety is so much easier after the first week, which is why I didnt update this on tuesday or wednesday. Let's see, monday night I did nothing, but doing nothing was fun because it meant that I could sit at home and watch tv. Tuesday night I went to the Viscious party at Sin-e (after getting dinner with Maureen, Lizzy and Tracey at Steak Frites) with my brother Lawrence. I went to check out a band or two -- all saddle creekers -- but got bored and spent most of the time outside chit chatting. Audrey told me how the first five times i met her i never remembered who she was because i was so drunk ... which is terribly embarassing because i fucking love her. I gotta say, this sobriety thing is an eye opener of sorts. Even though I was thinking of jumping off the wagon tomorrow, I think i might hold out a bit longer because i feel a fuck load better and probably look healthier, not to mention I remember shit. Last night i went to Lollapalooza. Totally great. That's all. Today my wonderful dear friend Barry comes to NYC. He's scottish, i dont think he's ever met a sober person in his life. Tomorrow is stellastarr*, elefant, and Yeah Yeah Yeahs... PLUS I'm DJing the ss* after party. I'm definitely gonna stay sober until I get to the party, this way i can actually accomplish something.

 I had a very lazy sunday at home. Did some house work, ate a lot, and rummaged online for a bit in an effort to learn something educational. Tonight I will buy rock and roll underwear from Victoria's Secret, then watch TV. Bert from the Used was supposed to call so i can interview him, and surprise, surprise, he didn't. I think he could use a sobriety blog as well. This week will be busy for me, but not as bad as usual: Tuesday i'm seeing the 22s at Pianos, then heading to Sin-e for a very special Viscious party so i can see that guy from Calla perform. Wednesday it's probably Lollapalooza, but i should probably decide on that already. Thursday it's a knitting circle with the Bilderberg media group. then the Vue and then the Witnesses. ... or wait, was the knitting cirlce moved? Friday, it's stellastarr* and Elefant! And my friend Barry is coming to town. He's scottish.

 I'm still sober kids. Last night i was supposed to go to alex's party but bailed out on it in favor of watching SNL and sleeping before midnight. I feel bad about not hanging out with Raphael and Adam like i said i would, but going out is hard when Alcohol is not only calling your name, it's shouting it while promising you an oasis of hot young men who want to dance all night long... ONLY IF YOU'RE DRUNK. I did get dinner with Lance, which was nice. We ate at Suba. Cheers Queers.

 OK. So i had a sip of wine at dinner. My body literally shook. I think it's really starting to hate me for not drinking and is totally freaking the fuck out. urlLink Raphael and I are going to a party tomorrow night at urlLink Alexander and urlLink Ryan's place and I was thinking "i should invite Raph over to drink a bit before we head out to party." and then i remembered that i couldnt do that because sobriety wil continue until august 1.

 Here are photos from Paul's birthday party: http://homepage.mac.com/thebigpa/turning_32/ I think that in one of the photos i'm cuddling the drink menu.

 OK. I think my body is like "yo, bitch, where the booze at?" Tonight I have to have a sip of wine at Shabbat dinner. OK, maybe since it's for religious reasons I'll make it a gulp of wine.

 Holy fucking shit. I managed to go out to a club, DJ, and not have a single drop of alcohol DESPITE the endless amount of drink tickets. Holy crapola. This was after Paul's birthday dinner, and also after the Distillers show which i ended up missing by 15 minutes. No boozy booze for me. God was it boring.

 OK. My lunch with Cappa went really well. We had pasta, talked about how you dont need drugs or alcohol to have fun, and he said I had a good aura. Then I sat on his lap for a picture. Now I'm going to Paul's birthday party at Baluchi's and then I'll be DJing at Bar13 at around Midnight. Must nap. Must shower. Must not drink.

 OK, so this is Cappadonna: http://www.mtv.com/news/articles/1472556/20030611/cappadonna.jhtml?headlines=true I've been instructed to sit on his lap for a photo and so far I've learned that he gave up all his material pocessions, lived on the streets, and became a cab driver. He and I have a lot in common. He's got triplets and I've got twins.

 Last night Jake came with me to the Alien Ant Farm show at BBKings. We sat at a table like it was dinner theater, ate fries, and I drank a coke. They were really awesome. I met them afterwards backstage but I hate doing shit like that because I feel like such a groupie. I then went to Caryn's birthday party. Everyone was drunk. I went home. Everyone was drunk at home. Today I have to interview Cappadonna for "Making Out with Ultragrrrl" and I really dont know shit about the Wu Tang Clan. They're great, ok. But what the shit am i supposed to ask? I told his publicist that I'd only do the interview if Mr. C ate lunch with me. She said there would be a buffet, but that's not enough. I want him to be stuffing his face so that our half hour goes by and I've only been able to ask him 3 quesitons.

 I really like the Yeah Yeah Yeah's cover of "Mr. You're on Fire Mr." I'm blaming this on sobriety.

 Yesterday I stayed in. I was supposed to see my friend Max's band, but instead i picked up a falafel and fries and watched a reel of Christina Aguilera's greatest TV moments with Lizzy and Niki. When that was over I chatted with Raphael online and wrote some friendster testimonials. I then watch the Daily show and went to sleep. I woke up an hour later, smoked a cigarette and stared at the TV on mute. The airconditioning lulled me to sleep. Today I am going to see Alien Ant Farm with my friend Jake. I'm then going to Caryn's birthday party at the Slipper Room. I'm staying for a spell and then walking home so I can catch either the first or second showing of the Daily Show and Tough Crowd.

 this is a test...

 I gave birth last night when Madonna and Britney made out. I swear to you. A fucking baby popped out of my body... all bloody and kicking and screaming. Holy fucking shit. Then, I went to the Fader party and drank a lot at their open bar, but somehow i managed to not be the drunkest person there (in my party at least). This was after like, 6 beers or something. I was just driving myself to work, but there was not much to work with. So at about 2am, i took the kids home so they could go to sleep and i listened to sigur ros and wished i was drunker.

 I was just reminded that last night I tried to be good on my promise to snort coke off the ass of urlLink Giulia . Apparently i started yelling out to the crowd at SPRINGSTREET "Does anyone have any coke?" I imagine I yelled this more times than i should've. I tend to do such things.

 my new favorite band: holy shit i'm so tired. i forgot that alcohol makes me sleeepy the next day. i want to go home and listen to interpol over and over again and sleep. Dear Body. I'm sorry i drank last night. We had a deal tho. Tuesdays are ok. Stop being such a brat and pull yourself together. I can't drink any more cokes because i feel cavities forming. I need to stay awake. It's up to me now, bring in the white lines.

 Tuesday is my designated, day-of-the-week, drinking day. I can drink on tuesdays because i dont go out really on fridays, and I dont go out that much on saturdays (saturdays are the new night to stay in and watch tv). So last night I drank. It started off with two margaritas at Life on B and 10th (ew, why?) with Lizzy and Maureen, and ended on 3 caronas at SPRINGSTREET. The Panthers and Japanther were both DJing and I met up with my brother and a few other friends. My friend Stephen had just come from dinner at the SoHo House and presented me and Giulia with the reciept so we could at least touch it. $20 for 3 shrimp. I dont eat the bugs, but fuck me, that's expensive. Needless to say, even after 5 drinks last night, I never got drunk. Giggly, yes, but never drunk. How am i building up a tolerance? This is pants! Duran Duran tonight. Imran comes from London. He's going with AFI to the MTV VMAs. Tim arrives on friday for the Springsteen shows. I feel like there are more people visitng other than that... but i'm looking at my long weekend and realizing that it's gonna be very expensive and very drunk. Oh sobriety, where are you?

 OK, I'd just like to point out that urlLink Jasper has posted up photos of Madison Strays . They get my nomination as cutest new band. Especially their bassist.

 urlLink READ THIS Now read this: Tonight I'm going to the Yes!Selector party, and in response to the above letter that Laura posted on her site, I'm going to call an emergency knitting circle meeting of the BilderbergBloggers. Along with Chloe Svigney's brother, we're going to snort coke off the ass of our youngest member, Giulia, and then not talk to anyone within 4 feet of us. Certainly not you. Certainly not your friends. And definitely not to each other. We're too elitist to do such things. Then we're going to write about the whole thing on our blogs and be dissed by the urlLink The Anit-Blogger . Motherfuckers, i haven't seen a white person in so long, i've gotta find a mirror to remember what color i am.

 Oh my God. I totally forgot. There's this guy that works at Pink Pony who totally looks like this Peter Pan guy: At the Bjork/Sigur Ros after party I went up to him and totally thought they were the same guy. I was like "Hey! You're the Peter Pan guy!" and he was like "Huh?" and I said "The guy on the internet that dresses like Pan! That's totally you!" and he said no and floated away.

 Thanks for ruining my sobriety, or rather, my change in drinking habits. i went from drinking *maybe* one drink a night to 4 beers, 2 jack and coke, and one vicodin. At least i got to watch Sigur Ros/Bjork, drive bumper cars, and dance with a guy dressed as Pappa Smurf. But what the fuck man? I ended up falling asleep mid sentance while sitting on my couch watching TV. Fuck you Saturday night!

 but i am not a fan of ted leo's music. that's all.

 OK, so on second thought about the whole urlLink sigur ros / urlLink bjork show thing... urlLink Vicodin seems like such a great choice for the event. I will float. Pretty, pretty, pretty music. Fluffy clouds. I now remember that once i had to get surgery and was perscribed Vicodin for the pain. There was a sigur ros show shortly after this surgery so my friend Gideon and I popped a few pills and kept on poking each other and saying "feels like pillow." 6 people fainted at this show. None of those people were us. I did not drink tonight. Just a sip of wine because it's shabbat and God wants me to drink.

 My urlLink brother and i were trying to decide which model urlLink Diego Garcia should date. Uh... to those five of you who might read this, email me your suggestions and I'll post results. how interactive. i feel gay. Oh, speaking of gay, kate moss makes me gay.

 Ok. so i made it through the wedding, drinking ONLY ONE drink. Jack and Coke. Since when do i drink Jack and Coke, i dont know. For whatever reason, nobody in my extended family recognized me. I know it's been a while since they've all seen me, and sure, i've got boobs and ass now, but c'mon... i can't look that much different. A couple of my cousins saw me on VH1 for that Eminem thing and they got a kick out of that, so that made me happy... cause at least they recognized me. Maybe drinking changed the structure of my face? I was looking at photos of me from when i was about 20/21 and i look younger and healthier. I also had no eyebrows because i had plucked them all out to be pencil thin. maybe that changed the way i looked? Anyway, my friend Stephen is in town starting today. Tomorrow he's taking me to Sigur Ros. I will definitely stay sober for this -- as i do for ever sigur ros show --- because they're soooooo good au natural. I want to sleep. I'm tired. i love the new kill hannah album. i feel like dressing like them all the time.

 OK. So last night at like, really late o'clock, i went to meet Eve and some people he knew at 3 of Cups. After 2 beers i got really depressed and wanted to leave. The average age of everyone there was probaly 35, and they were all depressing me with their eagarness to be an LA rocker... which is gross to me. A lot of my friends are nearing 35 but they are way cooler than these people at this bar. I was getting the heeby geebies... however, that might've just been from the lap dance i got from the belly dancer. Anyway, i think i overheard someone tell Eve that there wasnt a NYC music scene and i wanted to puke in her face. Also, someone told me that there were no parties at all on sunday nights, and this girl was like 2 years older than me. i think i'm retarded. i know i'm retarded. Tonight is my second cousin Eric's wedding. I will be eyeing the bar and sneaking drinks into the women's room to down them at record pace. My dress is great. I look forward to meeting nice jewish boys who look like Ricky Martin.

 Gezus, i really am boring when i'm not struggling with booze. I think I'm gonna loose the plot this weekend just to make things interesting again. Oh wait! Saturday is Sigur Ros and Bjork. OK! perfect vicodin toonz. My fridge is FILLED with beer and I'm not compelled to have any of it at all. There is even a cigarette on my table that i'm not bothered with. Saw the Libertines tonight. Poor Carl. He did a great job, but had to do twice the work now that Pete's out. The Living Things were great as well. Anyway... Yeah, i really didnt think i could ever be this boring while being so self absorbed in my own fight for sobriety, but fuck, i am. Eve just called, must meet him at 3 of Cups. I wont drink. Because i'm boring like that.

 OK, so i've decided that Tuesdays are the designated "ok to drink on this school night" night. Way to start off the week, but it looks like i get myself so tired by Fridays (a night i can't even go out on because it's urlLink Shabbat and I need to be in Tenafly, NJ for dinner with the family) and Saturdays (a night that has become so over, it's like the trucker hat of days of the week), that i need at least one night during the week when i can not-so-firmly place my feet on the ground and say "Yes, please!" when someone offers me a boozybooze. Last night AWESOME urlLink Izler's gig at Pianos was great, and urlLink the 22's were like whoa. I would like to make out with every member of that band. I have a MASSIVE fear of the urlLink female junk , but urlLink boobies are OK. I DJed the gig(li) and got a shout out from the 22s, which i thought was sweet. But let's talk about what we're all here to talk about: Alcohol. Last night was to be the last night urlLink Barry and I got to hang out before he was to head back to Scotland on thursday morning. The plan was for Barry to meet me at urlLink Pianos . This never happened. You know why? Because Barry is about to win the "Biggest Lush on Earth" award. Sorry Bar, but people have got to know that you can't make it from Hoboken to the LES in one piece while drinking a LOT of vodka with Coke on the subway. Apparently by the time Barry got out of the subway he was already in blackout phase and has no idea what happened last night. If you happened upon a cute drunken scottish boy who resembles urlLink Nick Jago of BRMC , please send me an email and let me know what the fuck he was up to because he has no idea. A cabbie that found his ID along with my number in his car said that he was dropped off at Penn Station very late at night. This is all we know at the moment. THANK YOU FOR YOUR HELP. Also, I've put up a police line-up thing in my bedroom that everyone who visits my house has to pose in front of. I'm giving some of my friends practice, and others are reliving bad memories. Either way, my mom is gonna be really worried when she sees it. urlLink Laura is a genius.

 Vicki rules. Knowing i was illin' she messengered me over some echinacea and zinc and ginger tea. Now i'll definitely be healthy enough for my DJ gig tomorrow AND the Libertines/Livingthings show on wednesday. NO DRINKING. No Drinking. If you offer to buy me a drink you are friends with evil. Unless you're trying to get me drunk so I'll make out with you... in which case you're stupid cause everyone knows i'm easier than that.

 I would just like to point out that Laura at urlLink The Modern Age is the funniest person i know. She's funnier than you. She's funnier than the funniest person you know. She's that funny. I didnt drink on saturday or sunday, but mostly because i was sick and couldnt leave my house. I was supposed to meet Lance for dinner on saturday but the walk from my bathroom to my couch left me light headed. I was in bed by midnight on saturday, and last night i took some left over meds from when i had strep and i think there was ephederine in it because i couldnt sleep. Instead i designed handbags using concert tshirts that were too big for me at 5:30am. The only way i managed to get any shut eye was by listening to Sigur Ros' "Aguytus Bruyopieanmjnfdpaoinfd" on massive headphones. I think i should take up drinking again. I think i slept better when i was a drunk.

 The blackout ended on the Lower East Side at around 10pm, so rather than sit around at my brother Albert's apt with Sarah watching shitty movies and thinking of ten things i'd rather be doing than watching tv on the Upper west side, i found my friend Eve's number and went to meet up with him at Niagra. He bought me a carona and then we went to Lit to see Carlos DJ. At Lit, Eve and I learned from Carlos that the Libertines/BritishSeaPower/Livingthings show would be moved to either sunday or monday. How Carlos knew this information and Eve didnt (considering eve is in the livingthings) is beyond me, but we celebrated my sobriety and this news with a few drinks. The BSP boys were milling about and I blamed them for the blackout. They blamed their sound guy. and I just drank. I never got drunk last night. I am pretty surprised considering i had three or four drinks. After last call Eve and I went to my rooftop to smoke cigarettes and drink the Beast, and Greg and Raphael drunk dialed me at around 5am and wouldnt get off the phone. I'm not sure what they were talking about. I think i've made plans with them for tonight, which is always a good time. At around 6:30 I sent Eve home so i could sleep til 3pm. which i did. NO hangover! I drank last night because it wasn't a school night. And I never got drunk. The more the night went on the more my drunk friends would wander over to my seat at Lit, slur a few words, hug me and walk off. It's really funny to see people who are drunk off their asses when you're sober... but it's also kind of fun to be one of those people. But I gotta say, I appreciate BEING one of those people more when i'm one of them less. I dont think this post is funny or anything. which pisses me off. i think i just ate too many french fries which isn't really helping anyone, now is it?

 OK. So I would like to apologize to everyone who was fucked by the blackout. I did not mean to listen to the BSP song "Blackout" so many times the power would eventually be turned off in order to give us an ACTUAL blackout. But alas, I guess things work in such ways. Right now Sarah and I are at my brother's apartment on the Upper West Side where there is electricity. She's watching "How to lose a guy in 10 days" and I'm remembering how i cringed to no end while watching it in february/march when it came out. Geezus. I really, really, really wish that I saw that movie like, 10 months before it came out. Anyway... I think we're gonna go see some "Pirates of the Carribean" as soon as this is over so i can reclaim my balls. I'm also debating going over to Lit tonight because Carlos D. is supposed to DJ there and I did tell him that I'd go see him DJ. But I'm feeling VERY hungover from yesterday's booze cruise, which I forgot to mention, was followed by endless drinking by the SPIN staff at HiFi. The ligths were off but the taps were still running. And so the entire entire staff of Spin was there drinking their money away. I hugged a bunch of glasses of water (the 4 watered down whiskey sours hardly gave me a buzz, so i was trying to conserve some hydration). When I got home me, Lizzy and Sarah gathered around a bottle of wine and Milwakees Beast. OK. So it looks like i'm not doing pirates. It's late and I'm hungover a bit. I'd just like to point out how amazing yesterday was. Everyone was just so helpful to each other and smiling and happy and wonderful. Walking down the streets, it was like "no power, oh well." It wasnt like 9/11 where you were frantically scurrying in total fear that a million bombs were about to be dropped on your head and you were going to die and the last thing you said the people you loved was "hold my hair, i feel like hurling." Anyway, i got great photos of everyone just chilling out. Drinking beers on the streets. Smoking cigarettes in the bars. It was all really wonderful. Me and the girls went on the roof to look at the city without any lights on (save for a few of the emergency lights and hospitals). All in all... it was all sort of sweet. I'm sad that my friends missed seeing Bob Dylan. I've gotta be totally selfish and say that i'm sadder for myself for missing British Sea Power. I was really looking forward to this show. Awww... nuts.

 JUSTIN JUSTIN JUSTIN JUSTIN JUSTIN!!! Last night. Justin. Justin. 1am. Justin. Went directly to Hole afterwards to have a celebratory drink with Maureen and Mary H and Dan A. Since i told Maureen about the show she bought me a drink. Makers and Coke. I barely got through one before wincing. I think i'm starting to hate alcohol. Today at work we're being forced to go on a booze cruise. that's in a half hour. One of the publisher guys asked if i loaded up on carbs so i could stay sober. I warned him that i've hardly eaten a thing and will be a drunk employee. I think he's stoked. Wait. i'm sober. no drinking! Also, i'm OBSESSED with the song "Blackout" by British Sea Power. Beyond obsessed. Like, i've listened to it about 40 times today.

 forgive me sobriety for i have sinned: It's been a day since my last post. I'm still in love with British Sea Power. Went to Audrey and Japser's Viscious party last night after hosting a little pre-party bash at my apartment starring Barry, Raphael, Andrew, and a few of their friends. Viscious was amazing and sold out. I spent that entire time sober, but then I went with Lizzy and Barry to Yes!Selector at SPRINGSTREET to see British Sea Power spin. They were great. They were nice. They were drunk and all passed out all over the place on couches. I suddenly found myself drinking a Makers and Coke and then attempting to drink a second (i got only half way through), when i realized it was time to go home. I will try not to drink tonight. Justin Timberlake goes on at 1am apparently and I think I'll need to take a nap before the show if I want to rock my body and get naked before the end of the song or whatever. I'm thinking of going over to the Hole afterwards because it'll probably be dirty and fun and drunk... but not drunk for me. Oh, tomorrow I've got a company outing. We're being put onto a boat and told to drink. Now, since i'm being TOLD to drink... should I? I mean, that would be totally awesome if i got really drunk and demanded a raise or tried to go shot for shot with the publishers. Geeezus. I need a nap.

 Oh. and as far as my drinking goes... it's been smooth sailing (every time i say that i end up face down on my pillow with the world's biggest hangover). Friday i had no drinks. Saturday night I indulged in a half can of Milwakees Best (anyone that has come to my house in the past month and had that pushed on them can attest to the fact that it's practically water and not alcohol). Sunday was a dry night, and last night i was dry as well. Tonight, Brian's got British Sea Power, Imarobot, and the Polyphonic Spree DJing at his party at SPRINGSTREET (which i'm attending after the fucking awesome VISCIOUS show at sin-e -- mommy and daddy and blue sparks! hotness... thank you japser and audrey!). I might drink tonight because i wanna do a "making out with ultragrrrl" from the expensive lounges of SPRINGSTREET... and i gotta say that "mowu" is just so much funnier when i'm racing some dood in some band to see who can drink more makers mark/coke.

 Holy shit. Last night I went to see British Sea Power with Greg and I swear to you that I was totally impregnated by the music. I stood there for like 30 minutes with my mouth gaping wide open in total amazment. Holy fucking shit. I can't wait to see them on friday at Irving.

 Holy crap. The new muse album, Absolution is so good it's giving me a headache. i had shabbat dinner at my aunt Nancy's house in Brooklyn tonight. it was my cousin Renee's birthday. I could feel the after affects of over drinking and totally started to feel like shit. i think that at exactly midnight my body was like "haha. i'm gonna fuck you over..." and i started getting crabby. Lawrence and i listened to Roxy Music on the way home and he wouldnt let me play him the Venus in Furs covers. Smart man, my brother. He was genius enough to buy Renee albums by the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Pixies, Lillix, and the Freaky Friday stk. Dinner at my aunt's house is like eating with 4 little jewish Chris Rocks. Totally hilarious.

 If your name is Barry, please call me because I've lost your number. Thank you.



 if you click on this link you will love me for ever and ever: urlLink totally fucking hot

 Dear Devil, I hesitated to call you yesterday when Tracey told me that I could take a summer friday today, which meant that I didnt have to come into work. So i paced around and thought about it for a while. I went to the Walkmen show with Greg, Raphael, and Andrew. It was pouring but the band was awesome. I dont think the wet look is for me, but my boys looked hot. We went back to my house so i could change and get my records for the DJ gig. You came over to hang out with the boys for a bit. We went to the club that used to be Shine on w.broadway and canal. They renovated the space and it's actually totally fucking great with a really nice stage and i'd say it's one of the cooler clubs i've seen in a while. Not cool looking like FUN was, but it was really decent. You came to me in the form of 4 Caronas and 4 Makers Mark and Coke-a-cola. I couldnt say no. You're very agressive sometimes. I wanted to tell you to fuck off, but like, everytime I tried to say something you would interrupt and force yourself into my mouth. What the fuck dude? Totally uncool. This morning I woke up and felt totally violated. I could smell you on my breath and my sweat even smelled like you. You totally knocked me out. If you do that to me again, i swear, it'll be the last time we talk for a long, long time. You're fired. Fondly, Buckets.

 I'd like to chop the balls off of men who sing so i can see if they'll sound like the guy from urlLink the Darkness . They're so rediculous it's amazing. I dont think i can even reach notes as high as he can and I dont have balls. I've got chutzpah, but that's different... and that's only when I drink. I've lost my chutzpah. Fuck. Sweet, sweet, sweet liquor, where are you? My brother urlLink Albert suggested that I start attending AA meetings. AA is for those of us who can't control the devil. The devil and I are homeboys. These days he calls and he's like "Yo, what you up to tonight?" and I'm like "Oh, not much. I was thinking of meeting up with the boyfriends at Pianos" and he's like "Oh, can i come?" and i'm like "No dude, not tonight. Meet up with us on Saturday." and he's like "Cool. See ya then." Before it was like "I'm meeting up with the boys at Pianos, but maybe you wanna come over before then so we can make out for a bit and then meet up with the guys?" I like urlLink Interpol more than I like urlLink the Strokes . My brother who thinks I should go to AA doesnt know who these bands are, but if you want to send me hate mail, do so. slewitinn@spin.com

 I forgot to include something about Tracey's birthday party: I ran into urlLink Michael Caine with urlLink Marc Spitz , urlLink Chris Wilson , and some crazy dood from Vanity Fair. I don't really know Michael Caine's work too well, but everyone seems to love him.

 What the fuck? Friendster is making me and my friends into gigantic question marks and now you cant see the photo of me balancing a beer bottle on my head. That's the pits man. There are kids out there who need to see what a lot of drinking does to your ability to reason and look sane. Retarded! What good is taken photos of yourself while drunk if you dont have anyone to share them with and say "hey, you're a total knobhead." People should call each other knobheads as well. Tim is a knobhead. I saw this comedy skit that Jake directed last night. It starred the Man Show boy who isnt actually 10 but 27. This boy is a knobhead.

 OK, so last night I was very bad. I went to Tracey's birthday and had 3 bottles of beer. I know it was a school night and I promised myself that I wouldn't drink... but Tracey said that it was her birthday and instructed me to drink in celebration. Seeing as she is technically my superior -- not to mention the most lovely Senior Editor who edits such wonderful features -- I listened to her and had a couple of drinks. I managed to not dance on any tables, not spill beer on everyone in sight (spill/pour/spray... same diff), and held conversations. I can't remember what I did for Tracey's birthday last year, but i think it involved the previously mentioned activities.

 I'd just like to point out that i did fucking html. I used to have a job doing html work and thought i forgot everything, but alas, my sobriety brings memory!

 I always thought that I could never finish the meals at Mexican Radio because i was usually too drunk on margaritas to even keep my eyes open, but last night's dinner there with Maureen made me realize that I couldn't finish that stuff was because there's so much damn food on my plate. Anyway, no alcohol was consumed last night. None. None will be consumed tonight even though I'm going to Tracey's birthday party at SPINGSTREET... Diego Garcia, international sex god and father of many children, of the band Elefant, will be DJing. Friends have promised to hold my mouth open as they pour shots down my throat. I've got some pretty shitty friends. Anyway, Jasper the Great has some photos on his site from the urlLink stellastarr* afterparty . Here's a preview: Electro Greg Guilia and Audrey The worst DJ in NYC Also, I'm in love with urlLink Laura Modernage , urlLink Melodynelson , and urlLink Jasper . So are other people. urlLink Read This

 Speaking of American Wedding , Marti Zimlin and Jon Hurwitz just got engaged. Hot! Let's see the ring! CONGRATULATIONS! Here's a photo of them with one of the doods from the Manic Street Preachers:

 Last night at Shout!: Greg: "Are you bored? You seem bored these days." Me: "I'm not bored. I'm just sober." Saturday was a non-sober night for me. School nights=sobriety. non-school nights=non-sobriety. this is how it works. So on saturday after dinner with Sarah Wilson i met up with Raphael, Greg and Peruvian Nick at Tis Was... which is now Tis Wasn't or Tisn't. I think we should start a "save tis was" foundation. It used to be so much fun. I'm considering renaming this blog to "What the fuck happened to tis was?" Oh, and I went to see American Wedding with Barry last night. So fucking hilarious that I think I embarassed Barry with my laughter. There's a new version of "Laid" in the movie, and since that's one of my all time favorite songs i was totally stoked. Officially two weeks since i've changed my drinking habits... a trend started from the night this photo was taken:

 So I've driven the wagon right off the road, fallen off, and got lost somewhere in the gutter. I tell myself that I'm gonna only drink two drinks a night when I drink, but now i've instituted a new rule that I can only drink on the weekends, and drinking is what i'm doing... in full force. Last night I took one of the beers from stellastarr*s dressing room, it was glass and when i went downstairs to join my friends i was told that glass bottles werent allowed in the audience part of the venue. So there I stood for 3 minutes downing a bottle as fast as i could while talking to the beautiful Giulia. By the time I got to Manhatta (or whatever it's called), i was only one and a half beers in but already i was dancing on table tops and got the brilliant idea of shaking a bottle of Corona so that it'd squirt in every direction like an exploding champagne bottle. The patrons of the bar were stupid idiots (apart from the after party people), so i didnt mind dousing them in beer. Anyway... Barry didnt believe that I'd be so absolutely insane after only one beer, but i am actually totally nuts. My friend Jake swung by to celebrate the end of sobriety by buying me a lemon drop shot. So in the end.... Total number of drinks: probably 5? 6? Total number of tables danced on: probably 5? 6? Total number of times i was threated to be thrown out: 2 Oh, and my brother Lawrence and my friend Adam went to the YYYs show and said it was awesome. I decided to skip out and give Lawrence my two tickets so he could find some cute girls at the ss* gig and take them. He was successful, yay. Tonight I go over to Greg and Raphael's for the first time ever for some cheese and wine. This is code for: we're gonna do lines of blow off of the bodies of hookers. it's gonna be totally awesome. Oh, i forgot to mention, stellastarr* were totally fucking amazing. I got great shots of them that maybe i'll figure out how to upload so i can pretend to be a blogger of the modernagemelodynelsonnewyorkdolljenykdivestar caliber. but not likely. Anyway, they were fucking awesome and i was so proud of them and i wanted to smoosh their faces and tell them that i love them and have their babies, but unfortunately i'm already pregnant with Diego Garcia's spawn (as is every woman who attended the elefant show last night). I'm naming the kid Moz Garcia. It will be born the child Morrissey wished he was. Bottoms up sluts.

 OK, so last night it was August 1st at some point, so at some point i stepped gracefully off the wagon and had a couple of Caronas because 1. it was thursday and today is a summer friday which meant i wouldnt have to get back into work until monday. 2. Mr. Nicolson was a good 4 drinks ahead of me by the time I had a sip. Scottish people are given bottles of Jack and Coke the moment they're born. 3. I decided to handle my drinking in the most calmed down manner i could which meant not downing 4 drinks in 40 minutes. I gotta say that when i woke up I was a little fuzzier than usual so i was able to see the absolute distinction between waking up after a totally sober night and waking up after a totally not sober night. I sort of appreciate learning this and will remember it next time i walk into a bar and think "OK, I would like to drink enough to jump up on a table and knock shit off." For those whom would like to yell at me for cowering to pressure of Captain Morgan, please do so at slewitinn@spin.com, or AIM ultragrrrl ... Right now it's thundering and i'd like to get off the internerd before i get zapped.

 OK, first thing's first: The birthday party on saturday isnt just for Elliot, but also for urlLink Jo Divestar and Sophie. Speaking of Elliot, last night i went to that Fader party at the planetarium. I was shocked because the party was actually really great. It wasn't crowded, there was lots of free booze and cheese. I decided to keep it real and showed up munching on a veggie max from subway. I was told to put it away (which i did by shoving it in my mouth), but managed to keep my container of coke which i eventually filled with more coke and whiskey. It was watered down and diluted, so i didnt get drunk. I had a sip of this weird blue moon juice crap that tasted awful. I went into the light show thing expecting it to be super fucking cheesy but it was actually really great. I became incredibly nauseous after the 40 minutes of computer animation which included dancing, raving, glowstick-holding, heart shaped robots. The music was actually well chosen and the animation that goes with it was well done. I was super stoked to find out that an old friend from middle/high school was one of the people who worked on the animation. Hot shit! Tim Sweeney and Gideon DJed. Tim was a fucking great DJ. Wow. It was like Bobbie Gillespie was spinning. Gideon's DJ skills have greatly improved from when we used to throw a party together. For one thing, he plays more recognizable tracks rather than the super obscure funk shit he used to be into, and apart from the fact that it takes me forever to get his attention (over the 30 seconds it took anyone else), he did a great job. Anyway, back to the party. After the fucking light show roller coaster ride which literally made me feel like i was gonna hurl, I was happy to see solid ground. I danced a bit when GidRock played Joy Division. But that meant dancing alone, which is typical, but has grown tiresome. At 11:30 we were all kicked out and so I rode my stupid bike 85 blocks home. Maybe more. I think more. It took me 40 minutes. When I rode my bike to the planetarium i thought it'd be a good idea to go via central park. Never again. The sun went down as i was riding and i couldnt find my way out. I took this unlit side road and totally thought i was either gonna get raped or crash right into a tree (i was riding very fast so i wouldnt get jumped and raped). Never fucking again. Never, never, never again. I hate it. I dont think i'll ride my bike again after last night. It's time for like, a car.

 The past two nights have been spent eating. I dont really remember going to Shul or getting dressed or anything about much -- but i remember the food. I'm glad that I eat meat again or else i wouldn't have been able to taste the sweet goodness of wadda-ednab (aka stuffed grape leaves) and stuffed onion. Seeing everyone in my family (aunts, uncles, cousins, and people who are married to someone's husbands brothers and their kids), was surprisingly fun. My cousins, on both sides of my family, are fucking clever as shit and leave me speechless because I dont want to interrupt the course of action their normal thinking patterns usually go in. Usually the best jokes are those which are at someone elses expense, and in the case of my cousin Maurice, he made fun of everyone right to his faces on the dinner table while everyone became overwhelmed with laughter. Lizzy was my guest to one of the dinners last night (i had about 5 meals yesterday from 2pm-11pm), and she finally understood where i got my low brow humor from and why i'm not easily offended. My family spent 15 minutes insulting Israelis as my uncle by marriage jokingly faught in defense of the little state he calls home. My family doesnt really hate israelis -- if they did, my aunt would've never been allowed to marry one -- they just like to point out what makes everyone different. And in this case, the thing that was different from Israelis and the rest of the world, is that Israelis would have a Bar-B-Q on Yom Kippur. Probably the only way you understand that sentance is if you are israeli, or deal with one on a fairly regular basis. I like israelis a lot. I think the men are super fucking hot and the women are as well. I've dated israelis. But one thing is that they're rude people. It's what makes them funny as fuck and wonderful to be around. No bullshit. Anyway, I dont think i'ver ever laughed more in my entire life, and feel like referring that South Park episode again. I think that was the funniest night of my life, and i might never laugh again. I didnt drink at all either -- well, except for a wee bit of wine. My aunt was offering us beers at her house at 1:30pm and was shocked that we all turned her down. I dont know, drinking at 1:30 in the pm just doesnt sound appealing. I think this proves that I'm not an alcoholic! At least not anymore. A true alcoholic would've been on that in a heartbeat and thought long and hard about how many more she'd be able to drink before leaving the house. I, however, was appalled by the idea of drinking. I'm a square now. It's true. I'm gonna see Lost in Translation tonight with my roommates. I like Japanese culture and pointing out our differences. Time to eat again. mmmm...

 I'm DJing at Broadcast on October 2. I've been told that there will be drink specials and you can smoke in the roof garden (weather permitting). Also, I'm DJing Elliot Aronow's birthday party at Lolita (corner of broome and allen streets) next Saturday. And I've got new glasses that make me look like one of those porno-secretary people, whom, when they tear them off, the wakka wakka of the wawa pedal begins and in comes the dude with the 9inch penis to give me a progress report or something.

 Right. So today is the first day of Rosh Hashanah and so that means that tonight and tomorrow I'm in total Jew-mode -- which actually isn't any different than most days for me to be honest. I'm going to be eating a lot more oily food than usual, and since I don't drink as much anymore, I will be less crabby towards my family. Usually I'm able to handle about 3-5 hours of retardation from everyone, but once my body says "time for booze," I turn from Dr. Jekyl to Mr. Hyde and become really unpleasant towards my family saying "ugh..." a lot. But you know, to my credibilty, I can't say that it's not deserved. Last night I went to my very first book reading, and thankfully it was of two people's whose work I really admire -- urlLink Marc Spitz and urlLink Chuck Klosterman . This was Marc's first book reading and he did a really amazing job. He was so nervous that it was really charming. I know that in about a month he will have the whole thing down pat and wont even break a sweat the next time he has to read an excerpt out of his book. Chuck was so totally fucking awesome. Rather then read a bit of his book, he gave us all Cliff Notes on what to say when someone asks us if we've read his book. Things like "You can say that this chapter isn't very good. And with this chapter you can say that you thought it was ok, but my hatred of Coldplay is a bit too severe. And in this Zack Morris chapter, just say that you've never seen "Saved By the Bell" and you'll be ok." But everyone's seen "Saved by the Bell", so read Chuck's book Sex, Drugs, and Coco Puffs . After the book reading I headed home to meet up with urlLink Nate and Morgan for dinner and ran into urlLink Vicki . She was having dinner at Cafe Louise down the block from our apartments and she said that she spotted Bjork heading into Schillers looking very urlLink AsFour . Why, Bjork? Why? Why are you so pretentious? Can't you just not be? Your music is soo good. While I was standing on the corner with Vicki moaning over AsFour, Nate and Morgan passed me with their friend Sam and said that they didnt feel like getting dinner anymore, so I met up with urlLink Brian and we tried out our pretentious coats and had a small dinner. Brian knows every human in NYC and knew someone who hosts at Schillers, so we didnt have to wait for a table. I felt cool for a moment. I ended up skipping out on the Nada Surf show that I had a ticket for. I was so tired by the end of dinner that I thought that my bed would make for a better show than the Nada Surf show. I mean, i fucking love their album but I've been to way too many shows lately, and i finally conceeded that I've seen the best show that I could possibly see, so every show following said show would be nothing but a let down. It sort of reminded me of this time i saw "South Park" and Cartman saw people's whose faces were made of asses and he declared the sight the funniest thing he'll ever see and couldn't laugh at anything anymore. This is sort of how I feel like after seeing that urlLink British Sea Power show at North Six this past summer which I attended with urlLink Greg the boyfriend . I'm not sure something can move me the same way that show did... and so ever since, every show has been sort of a let down. Seriously. By the way, last October i was in london and fell on my ass while leaving a tube and my friend Tom compared seeing that to the "South Park" episode mentioned above. He said it was the funniest thing he's ever seen and might not be able to laugh again. But then I fell once more and managed to prove him wrong. I can fall on command. It's my only talent.

 I cant fucking see right because the doctor dilated my pupils and now i look like one of those freaky paintings according to my boss, who yelled in fright when she saw my eyes. my freaky freaky eyes. I look like i'm on drugs, and for once, I'm not. Also, please check this out.

 My head is really hurting. This afternoon I went to the eye doctor to get my eyes checked since i just bought a new pair of glasses. The whole thing -- glasses purchase, eye exam, lens fitting (i got the super thin type of lens since my eyes are so incredibly shitty and i'd have massively thick lenses otherwise) -- cost me nearly $500. I am hoping that a lot of that expense will be covered by my insurance, but hopes are sort of doubtful. Anyway, last night I DJed Marc's book release party. I'm really proud of him for writing a novel, and even knocked $75 off my original asking price to DJ the event (hey, i was going to have to stand around for 3 hours playing songs while everyone was off having a good time, not to mention, i paid for my own drinks!). Anyway, the sound system at niagra is fucking shit. I looked like an asshole as the sound went from being too bassy to being too treble-y. Since I haven't had anything to drink since last thursday (as pointed out by some people who corrected me when i claimed having gone a week without booze... thanks Jason and Hal for being on top of those things we like to call "alcohol problems"), I spent the three+ hours nursing only two beers. Think about that... 2 months ago, three hours would've meant about six beers. I'm really making progress, if you ask me. But you haven't. Anyway, Marc's party was fun, i think. I don't know. Everyone went into this super VIP private room that was away from where I was spinning, so I can't even be sure that the whole thing was as fabulous as I can hope. My friend Trish took photos of the night and put them into a little video with "Love Will Tear Us Apart" playing... she took about 40 pictures of my bizoobies. I was kicked off the turntables an hour early and not because i sucked at what i was doing, but because there was a scheduling conflict and some band took to some small stage at 10pm. That's so lame, and I felt really bad for Marc who had to then have the fucking jukebox play DJ. I made it an early night because I'm getting old. Jenny gave me a ride back to my house, but only after i fell into a puddle and totally wet my underwear, dress, and shoes. I'm so fucking graceful sometimes, it's just rediculous.

 BRMC are so fucking boring live. I saw them at Bar13 for the Shout! party a few months ago and that was awesome, but last night... I dont think I watched them for more then five minutes before wandering around looking for something more exciting. The highlight of their show was actually outside when Vicki and I were taking photos posing with motorcycles. I was hoping one of us would knock them down PeeWee Herman style, but nope. No dice. Blimey Captain. Johnny Depp on the cover of the NME? link from urlLink Laura .

 They're like Jeff Buckley covering the Walkmen after listening to Echo and the Bunnymen all day. urlLink Check them out .

 i want to go to an island where there are no bars, no birthday parties, no shows, and no things to go to. i want the only thing to go to is: ... sleep ... watch "queer eye" ... roll over and tan your back ... sleep. it's like, things are really fun and there's nobody having more fun than us. but it's time we chill out for a bit. it's time we sat at home, chatted with our roommates, swooned about a boy, and just sat on friendster all day looking up old friends.

 I'm going to be DJing urlLink Marc Spitz's book release party on Wednesday. He wrote this amazing novel called How Soon is Never? , which is technically ficticious but based on the actual time he and Vicki tried to reunite the Smiths. It's really good. The party starts at 8pm and will be at Niagra, but downstairs. I'm gonna be DJing only stuff that Morrissey and Marr would've been listening to if they turned the radio on while hanging out together. Does that make any sense?

 I forgot, last night at the Hole, some guy came up to me that recognized me from Friendster. I think his name was Matt Martin. I forget how we were connected. But anyway, I had taken melatonin about 3 hours ealier because i thought i was gonna sleep, and then when i got called to go out i had to down some redbull so i was a bit stoned. If you happen to read this, sorry i didnt friendster you like i said i would.

 I haven't posted in a while, and I haven no idea whatsoever why I haven't. Wednesday: Went to see the Bronx and the Distillers at Bowery. Then cabbed it up to meet Sarah Wilson at the Thursday show, which was beyond amazing and wonderful and yes, I love emo, screamo, extremo, whatever you want to call it. Sarah Wilson loved it so much that when we arrived at the Radio4 show across town she said "I have to go. I just experienced something so real in that Thursday show, and this crowd is all so fake." I couldn't really disagree with her all that much, i mean, save for my friends that were there. I'd like to say that RedBull is the most amazing thing I've ever drank in my life. Me and Stephen each drank two cans on our way out for the night and I was totally awake, motivated, and feeling wonderful the whole night. I'm glad I found RedBull before the thought of white lines keeping me awake became something I wasn't scared shitless of. I love you RedBull. TLF! Thursday: I went to see the Darkness after dinner with Lizzy, Jenny, and Rob. Apart from the show being totally fucking awesome, i got to see Vicki. I haven't seen her in so long that the reunion with her was more exciting than anything happening on the stage 4 feet from us. I also got to hang out with Gideon for a bit which was nice because I haven't seen him in ages and he and I used to be inseperable. I hardly recognized him when I saw him. After the show everyone headed down to Lit to party the night away. At 3:30am Stephen and I were ready to call it quits when while hailing a cab he said "Want to go to the Popbitch party?" which we did. After the party, we -- along with Meg and Julia -- headed up to some random hotel room that was apparently having a party. When we arrived there was a guy at a desk, four people on a bed -- two couples -- and a gigantic platter of cocaine in between them. It was like a scene out of Pulp Fiction, only more depressing. I sat on the floor talking to the people I came with and nearly started a fight with some woman who had her boobs hanging out of her dress because she made some snide comment to one of my friends. The saddest thing was that everyone (apart from the people i arrived with) in the room was totally so off their tits that they could hardly keep their eyes open. Of the original five in the room, the one that was actually quite cool was the one whose room it belonged to. Unfortunately, he'll have to remain nameless. After a half hour my mind suddenly freaked out. I was having a mini panic attack watching these drunk and incredibly high couples kiss and touch each other. I told Stephen that i was getting sick and needed to leave immediately, which we did. I want to erase the image of that night out of my head forever, but unfortunatley, I think it's there permanantly. It's like how in 2nd grade your teacher says that if you get detention 5 times it ends up on your permanant record -- which is a sort of training for when you fear you're going to get bad credit -- that night is on my permanant memory record. Friday: A very sad day for NYC. It's new son, Stephen, bid his farewells and stepped onto a plane headed back to London. It's safe to say that he made quite the impression on everyone in this city during his three week stay and will be missed. No longer is he a man with a nickname in the stories i tell, but now, simply Stephen Jones. However, he's more than welcome to pick up any of the nicknames he's aquired during the two years I've known him... most of which are too incriminating to actually write about. Saturday: The boyfriends called at 1am demanding I return to them. So I met up with them at Pianos and then we headed over to the Hole. I haven't seen the boys in what feels like ages, so it was really nice to be able to just stand around hugging them and catching up on things that we sort of don't need to catch up on (work). I got to meet Raphael's friend Charly, who was really cute and reminded me of Molly Ringwald. On our way to the Hole, Greg and I found baby shoes and stuck them in my bike's basket. I took them out when I left the Hole since they were still there. There's really no reason for me to talk about that, but it was just amusing to me that there was a pair of baby shoes lying around on the street. In anycase, I returned home at 3:30am after the bartender at the Hole ... i think his name was Jason ... gave me shit for drinking only water. Whoa, you know what? I think i drank a maximum of half a drink during these past four days. Even today at brunch with Lance I stayed away from the special sauce. OK, so RedBull has replaced Alcohol in my list of addictions, but at least it wont make me bloated and fat.

 My friend Daniel found this in HITS Magazine: "The Steve Sessa repped MUSE apparently has five label suitors in play. with completed record in hand, the english rock act is looking for a u.s. label partner. their new record on safta jaffrey's tasted media label is slated for a 9/22 international release. the lp was produced and mixed by rich costey"

 When you're sitting at your desk and growling, it's probably not a good sign. I'm so tired. I dont want to go out at night but I find myself trying really hard to keep my eyes open and my mouth smiling. Despite the endless streams of beer from Mr. Jones (it was a drinking night people), I found myself being very sleepy, and according to sources, in a slightly sour and abusive mood (sorry). The night started off at Sin-e for the Viscious Party where i was reunited with a few friends that I hadn't seen in a while... not to mention the regular crowd of hungry hungry hipsters who loitered out front looking and being fabulous. I headed to see the Adam Green show and I predict that he'll be the next Beck. I remember seeing Beck when I was 14 and I got the same sense from this show as I did on October 17, 1994. Not to mention, his song about Jessica Simpson -- "Jessica" -- is absolutely fucking amazing. From there I went to SPINGSTREET for the YES!SELECTOR party where I guess !!! and TV On Radio were DJing, but I'm not really sure. They weren't very good and prompted Eve and I to do that cheesy head bopping dance. I drank a lot tho. A lot. I lost count. I never got drunk but I was very sleepy in the cab, however, incredibly hyper once I got home and in bed. I need to keep a boxing glove by my bed so that next time i'm being hyper i can punch myself in head with it. A Pavlovian reaction will eventually happen and I'll just sleep when i see my bed. Apart from when I'm hyper while trying to sleep, why the fuck am i so sleepy all the time. Maybe I have mono? Maybe i'm bored. Maybe the drugs don't like me.

 I got urlLink this link from urlLink Glamorama-online : The weekend was great. Me and Stephen went to Brent and Karen's wedding at the Frying Pan. Got to see a lot of people I hadn't seen in ages, including my old boss, Michael Hirschorn, from VH1... he is so awesome. I guess I was exhausted and indulged in the whole "it's not a school night!" thing and had one or two many glasses of the wine. Stephen and I started telling people that we were engaged (mostly for greencard purposes) and I held up a very gigantic faux diamond ring and claimed it as my engagement ring. Nobody batted an eyelash. When Stephen and I headed back home I pretty much fell asleep in the taxi. I guess that long chat with Vivian that we had took a toll on our partying. Saturday we went to visit my poor friend Anthony in South Jersey for a few hours. Ant broke his collar bone and pelvis bone while riding a motorcycle very fast. He looked great despite the definite internal injury. I managed to not ask him to give me some of his meds. I must say: i'm sort of proud of my restraint. After missing our 9:20 bus back home, we went to see "Pirates of the Carribean" and had to leave during the last 2 minutes as to avoid missing another bus. So if anyone can tell me what happens at the very end, i'd be stoked. Sunday=Trivial Pursuit with the roommates. Cartoon Tea. Friendhouse Sushi. Carona (oops! forgot it was a sunday)! and the very boring Dandy Warhols show followed by passing out. So, not exactly what i'd call a "progressive" weekend in "avoiding the sauce"... but one step at a time. Last time i counted there were 12 steps. I'm like, on 2. Back off brothers. Stop threatening the rehab!

 So sad about Johnny Cash and John Ritter . So very sad. Sia came up to me this morning saying i was psychic "First you said that gay's were big, and Britney and Madonna kissed. Then you said we should write a Johnny Cash obit, and the today he's dead." I predict that tonight I go to a wedding. The new Strokes album has hit our offices. I want to dance a little bit but I also would rather be listening to the new Interpol album. However, i gotta say, Fabrizio's drumming is fucking great. No drinking last night. No drinking on wednesday night. Tonight is not a school night and the parent's are in Florida... what's up biatch?

 I was sitting in my brother's apt, talking with my friends via the internet (forget about using the phone... that wasnt possible), making sure everyone was ok and freaking out to no end while watching cnn. It was a week after then that i was like "i must live life as if tomorrow is my last." and so the alcohol/party/losing the plot problem began. I've had fun. But tomorrow wont be my last day alive, so it's time to put the drink down. Time to go to bed before 4am. Time to chill the fuck out. Right. So anyway, last night i went to see Jet and 22-20s. Both were really great. I've seen Jet before, and I didnt like them, but last night I had such a great time. I dont know if it's only because of the gigantic british man infront of me who was the closest thing a guy like him could be to being a 22-20s groupie, or if i actually liked their songs (one of Jet's songs sounded exactly like "Lust for Life" by Iggy, and I kept on thinking that they were going to start playing it so i could run around the audience like Renton being chased from the cops...). Instead I just bounced around, getting sweaty, and screaming. I managed to not drink a drop of ze ol' booze last night. Despite being pressured into drinking by one of my friends, i managed to stay away. Leave me alone you fucking barley or whatever the fuck it is that makes you make me be the way i get. Needless to say, this morning on my way to work i started plotting for the weekend... a bottle of your finest pinkest wine, please. Oh, and my egg&cheese on a roll had an after taste of bacon. Fucking hell that's nasty. How do you people eat that? I haven't had to puke so badly since... since... since saturday night when i lost the plot. Today I'm going to voluenteer at a soup kitchen. If i ever leave the office. Should be fun. I like people.

 he wrote the book. marc spitz. i took this photo of marc the other night before he threw his book at me. it's one of my favorite photos of him.

 "you're so cute, i want to kill you." - elliot

 Last night was a very dizzy night for me. First i made it down to the urlLink Kill Hannah show. They were amazing as per usual. I saw urlLink Julia and urlLink Megan there, they were excited about it being a tuesday night and were looking forward to seeing me drunk and dancing on tables (which i did)... Then I went home to regroup, get changed, and eat a bit with urlLink Nate the Roommate . The fucking urlLink OC pulled me in like a line of vicodin that just wont quit. However, halfway through urlLink Lawrence called me saying that i had to come down to the urlLink stellastarr* show at that moment because they were getting on stage and i had his ticket. So i rode my bike over in my dress and the motherfucking bike ripped my motherfucking dress and then i forgot my motherfucking bike lock. I was pissed. Not to mention i had to interview Ben Lee about a half hour later, so i said fuck it and went home. interviewed Ben, and headed over to SPRINGSTREET. Yes!Selector is really fun -- I go almost every week to support DJ Jesus -- and i was really happy to be there with urlLink Greg and urlLink Lizzy and her teacher/boss Kate ... but my head started to go dizzy from over stimulation and people. I love everyone. i do. but sometimes i get dizzy and annoyed when i cant get from one end of the room to the other. I did get to see a bunch of my favorite people... which is typically everyone that has a pulse. I danced on the tables with Megan. I got totally and utterly molested by Mat Devine and Greg Corner . Like felt up from every angle as if they all had arms like octopi. They claim they were tickling me... which is what you would say if you're some perverted uncle, right? Which is fine, cause those boys are like my brothers, however, my brother would never do that. Got good quotes from Carlos , some guy named Chris from Jet (all for my spin box/column thing), and got great photos. I attempted to speak to the guy from the Kings of Leon outside as i was trying to hail a taxi, but i was drawn into the black hole of his hair and couldnt hear a word he said. I feel like last night didnt happen to me. It was such a blur and a whirlwind and a confusion of senses that it was like something out of a really trippy movie out of england about the rave drug culture or something. only, minus the dancing.

 So by now, everyone knows that I really love Linkin Park. I had no idea that so many people watched MTV2 over the weekend, but apparently their ratings must've been pretty fucking high since i got hounded at the urlLink stellastarr* show about my taste in music (I think i try everything possible to ruin my credibility... and i might've won this time). Yes, I love Linkin Park. Yes, their Hybrid Theory was one of my favorite albums (however, i haven't listened to the new one really at all). Yes, they're one of my favorite bands... but no, i don't think they're one of the best bands of all time. I just like them. I don't know why, but I do. Tonight Iann will be my date for a long, long, long night of whoa. Starting off with urlLink Kill Hannah at urlLink Mercury Lounge , then The Hong Kong, stellastarr*, and Ravonettes at Bowery, followed by Yes!Selector at SPRINGSTREET featuring Jarvis Cocker, urlLink Carlos De. , and Sume Ravonettes. Oh dear. It's one of my drink nights, but since i have to work -- my spin stuff -- i will probably be sober. However, whenever Mat Devine is in the room, there is no staying sober whatsoever. Nope. No way. No how. Oh dear. This is Mat. Go swoon at him at 7pm at Mercury Lounge. His band is called Kill Hannah. I love them like i love the nightlife.

 Even though I wasn't home on Friday night because of Shabbat, there was still mayhem in good old Apartment 3A thanks to the newest member, Nate. Oh, Nate. You're great. Tim was staying over and was going to crash on my couch or the inflatable bed, but when he came home at 5:30am he found one of Nate's friends asleep on the airmattress. So he went into my room to crash on the couch and found a boy -- Lizzy's brother -- already occupying that space. So he went into the main bathroom to collect his thoughts and found Nate passed out on the bathroom floor. So then he started walking over to my bathroom and Nate's friend pushed right passed him and stayed in the bathroom for about an hour -- presumably she passed out -- and so Tim was forced to sleep in my bed... which had no sheets because they were going to the wash. So he had to put the papazon cushion on top of the bed and passed out there. Lovely. Saturday, when i finally returned home after a baby shower, I found myself host to a party in my room. The door was endlessly revolving with people, and so at some point it was me, Tim, Robert from the Music, his brother, Nate, his friend, my brother, Lizzy and Niki. We sat around eating McDonalds, Zen Palate, and drinking beers and then headed over to see My Morning Jacket. Despite drinking tea earlier that night, i just wasn't feeling it. The sound of the music was just amazing, but watching the band just gave me nightmares. So I rounded the troops up again and added Sarah Wilson and Kate Golden for good measure. When we got back to the house where i could play the Adam Green "Jessica" song over and over again, we all started to hear Robert singing from Lizzy's room. He was playing this new song he had written that was just so utterly amazing. I nearly collapsed. My heart was beating so quickly... his voice is just so powerful and stunning and the song -- a ballad -- just knocked me over. The looks on everyone's face in the room was just of total shock. It's gonna be surreal to hear that song finally recorded... and I regret not videoing it myself. So after that stunning performance we all had some more beers (Lawrence claims to have counted me drinking 3 beers... which he wasn't very happy about... and he wasn't too keen on the vike either), and headed over to Lit for some dancing. I met up with the boyfriends, riled up the crowd, and when i attempted to go home at 4am I got kidnapped by Tim and SiouxZ and we ended up at her apt til 7am picking up where we left off at my apt... which was basically more beer and more music being played. I came home and while talking to Tim i had to excuse myself mid-sentence to empty the beer from inside me. It sucks coming back up. It's not that good going down, even. I woke up at 4pm on sunday. Anyway, I've derailed from sobriety. Not because i've got a problem. I don't. The brother's think I might, but the reality of the situation is that I don't. I drink because rock and roll etiquette dictates that you must. However, to appease them, I will go back to my prior routine of no alcohol on a school night (except for tuesdays). It's either this or them forcing me into rehab, and well, I've got too many shows and parties to attend for rehab to get in the way.

 I think the singer of the Stills is officially the new George Michael with his 5 o'clock shadow... and there's nothing wrong with that. thanks to urlLink New York Doll.org for the photo. Also, I really like the new Muse album a lot. And i think i've posted too much today. But I will eventually write about my weekend. The lost weekend... as Yoko would call it.

 There's a really cute urlLink photo gallary up on SPIN.com of photos I took when hanging out with the Sounds. I missed them when they came to NYC this weekend. Too much shit going on.... which i'll write about sometime today.

 Greg (of Greg and Raphael - the boyfriends) is a genius. Here is an IM we had: Greg : I have a theory that no one listens to the new Radiohead. Can you prove me wrong? Ultragrrrl : no. Greg : Everyone gave it good reviews, but I think it was all a false sense of appreciation. Like ex's you can't shake. Like dead pets that you'll always love. And when I ask people, they get all defensive, then I ask "when was the last time" and people always give this "just the other day" lie. Marc Sptiz is also a genius. He's on funny mode today. Apparently Adam Ant is remaking "Stand and Deliver" to be "Save the Gorilla." Here's an IM about the whole thing: Ultragrrrl : WHAT THE FUCK is a dandy highway man? Marc : someone who dresses like a pirate and robs you on the motorway Marc : and then fucks you in the rump Marc : and now, saves gorillas, apparently Neither one of these men are sober people. Both of these men look strangely alike. Both of them i love dearly.

 Today I re-enter sobriety. I hope that I do it right. This "no drinking on school nights" fell by the way side with my multiple vistors from the UK. I don't like drinking. I dont even get drunk anymore. It's just a waste of money. So God, protect me from these demons we call booze (only on "school nights" and this doesn't include Tuesdays, tho, I think it wouldnt hurt to NOT drink on Tuesdays). Protect me from all that is wrong on this earth. Save me.

 It's cause I haven't been sober enough to get behind a keyboard and type type away. I'd love to recap, but that would require remembering things. I recall my reunion with Greg and Raphael... it was like something out of a movie. I missed my boyfriends very much. We've all been busy, or broke, or domestic, but there is no safe dancefloor in nyc once Pulp is played. My apartment is also a hotel. Sarah has sadly moved out. Millions have moved in. I think i had a party before motherfucker the other night. I know there were a lot of bodies in my room. A lot of beer consumed. A lot of DJing fights. I danced on tables at some point this weekend... but i never got TOTALLY drunk. I always had control. I miss losing control. I cant get to that point anymore, and well, to be honest, I sort of miss it. However, I'm sure the people around me are totally psyched that they dont have to deal with my off key singing of "Please, Please, Please Let me Get What I Want," however, they do have to deal with me being a total psychopath... but that's my M.O.

 I just got a Placebo cover album. It's not of bands covering Placebo, but rather, of Placebo covering bands. Here's what's on it: they cover: "running up that hill" by kate bush; "where is my mind" by the pixies; "big mouth strikes again" by the smiths; "Johnny and Mary" by robert palmer; "20th century boy" by t rex; "the ballad of melody nelson" by serge gainsbourge; "holocaust" by alex chilton; "I feel you" by depeche mode; "daddy cool" by ?; "jackie" by sinead o'connor My favorite covers so far are the ones of Kate Bush and the Smiths. Last night I DJed a VH1 party for "I Love the 80s Strikes Back." I had several people asking me if I was still sober -- evidently not -- and offering me drinks. Drank two. Flirted with the waitstaff. Wondered if they're gay. Ate. Lugged about 50 lbs of records and cds on the subway and bus because i only had a $1.50 in quarters to my name. It rained on me and now my hair is curley!

 Last night Marc invited me to DJ with him at the book release party for Rocco -- the guy the show The Restaurant is circled around. Marc didn't want me to DJ "Ice Ice Baby" by Vanilla Ice, but I forced him to let me by giving him another glass of red wine. I downed 4 glasses of champagne... maybe five, and spun the classics... like... you know, stuff. Whoa. London in less than a week.



 I saw urlLink the coops tonight. They were great and my favorite member is the keyboardist dood with the fauxhawk. I was told that the entire band is a bunch of choir boys with good hair... in other words: they're all urlLink virgins . This is great news. I think I could love a virgin.

 I am feeling like such shit this morning. My body is like "hey, fuck you, bitch." I didn't really drink all that much yesterday (I think a shot of tequila followed by a frozen margarita with an extra shot thrown in to calm my nerves), but my body is feeling the pains. I stayed out past 4am, which was a really nice thing to do again -- but mostly because it's something I hadn't done in ages, and was unsure that i was actually capable of. I started the night off at the Virgin Mega store to see stellastarr* perform. Met up with the usual suspects after the show and together we ran off to see British Sea Power at the Rough Trade night at Bowery. I was SUPER dissapointed that they didnt play "Blackout" but probably not as upset as Scott the singer who told me afterwards that he hasn't been so angry in three years. Apparently he thought the sound was total shit... but from where I was standing (which was upfront against the stage and center), it sounded so fucking hot. Not as good as the first time i saw them at North Six, but great none-the-less. Kiran and I then went to get some Pizza at Rosario's and while i was there my friend Rob from Island Records called me to say that he had just signed the Killers and that they were all coming to the SPIN party to celebrate. So Kiran and I ate up and headed over there where I got to meet up with the boyfriends! I haven't seen the boyfriends in ages and i miss them so much. Greg cut his hair and was wearing this amazing coat and the whole hair-coat ensemble gave me a hard-on. I'm so psyched about going to London with him. Yay! Raphael looked fucking awesome as well. Lovely shirt-tie combo. Word. I have hot boyfriends. The SPIN party was a fucking nut house. Packed with drunks who were slurring their every word to me. I danced on some tables because that's what i do.... but it took me a while to get to that point and spent the first 20 minutes sitting in fetus position and telling everyone who called "fuck, i can't help you, it's so crowded up here, fuck, i'm sorry, shit, i know you're my brother, but i dont know what to do, please forgive me, fuck". The Killers showed up and i went outside to meet up with them and my brother -- who were all waiting in line to get in. I decided that it was nicer outside than inside so we all went to the Hat to chill out for a bit... but everyone who met my brother said "whoa, you two look so much alike!" Yes. I look like a boy. With tits. That's fine. Anyway, this entry is getting really long. Let me wrap it up. A new friend asked mine if i was more of a flirt when i was a drunk. The answer is yes. I was. I was the definition of flirt. I think he sort of assumed this when people kept on coming up to me while i was sitting with him and saying "remember when you were making out with so and so and then...?" or "i saw you on Brian's website -- you posed with his balls and he stuck his face in your rack!" you know, the normal shit like that. But alas, sobriety -- or an attempt at it -- has brought me a new found sense of modesty (at least in the making out dept). My stomach feels like such shit. Ugh. I hate what happens to you the morning after you've been drinking. It's not fun. My belly feels like exploding. Oh, i saw Carlos last night. I think he's sort of excited that i'm gonna dress up as him for Halloween but pretending not to be. He said that he'd dress up like me, but he doesn't own jeans or sneakers. Diego Garcia told me that he's in love with some mexican model and i accused him of being a modelizer. He's crazy, that Diego, but i like him. I adore Carlos tho. If he and i had kids one day, they'd look EXACTLY like Brian Molko. I'm gonna crawl back in bed for a bit and curse the sunlight.

 the stellastarr video is so good.

 First off: The new urlLink stellastarr* is amazing. You can watch it on urlLink Melody Nelson . It's really, really, honestly amazing. I suggest watching the windows media player version cause the real audio one don't wanna work. Now back to our regular scheduled "me" fest: Lastnight began the weeklong-ish festivities of the urlLink CMJ Music festival . It was kicked off by a huge club night thrown for America's favorite sub-genre: Emo by the Syndicate. My friend Andy Greenwald (aka DJ No Emo No Cry), was the first DJ of the night... which meant that nobody was drunk enough to dance despite the fucking killer music he was playing. I saw this and ran onto the dance floor and tried out my favorite Britney dance moves with Chris Ryan which involved a failed attempt to do this split then backwards rollover into a head stand move...but ended up just hurting my back really badly. I wish i could say i made that up (that i actually acted that retarded out in public WHILE SOBER, but i can't). At least my embarkment onto the dancefloor prompted everyone else in the club to join -- i guess they figured they'd HAVE to look cooler than me. I'm seeing urlLink the Killers tonight! Last night my friend took me to meet them and this evening i'll be getting dinner with them. I'm really looking forward to seeing them play. I sort of got into a fight with the singer because he doesn't exactly feel the same way i do about the greatest band in the world, urlLink Interpol , and I'm just about Interpol's #1 fan. Speaking of Interpol, i saw them last night in concert and their news songs made my heart beat in my pants. Holy fucking shit. Drink tally: I think 2. I had a beer and a stoli orange with grapefruit and cranberry. My friend Jen seemed to know what this drink was called but i'm at a loss. Tonight, my liver and i are in a fight.

 I like the new urlLink Cooper Temple Clause album a lot, especially the songs called "The Same Mistakes" and "Blind Pilots." Ooof! The singer sounds a lot like Liam and they've all got great hair. Shallow observation, yes, but look at them! I'm also in love with this band called urlLink Murder by Death . They sound like urlLink the Coral playing New Orleans funeral music.

 The Libertines are back together! I know this is my second photo of them... but they're it's so fagtastic that i couldnt resist.

 You're so going to get fired soon. Look at how hot Keira Knightly is! Thanks urlLink whatevs.org for the photo!

 310 count sheets are NOT overrated. wow. thanks mom !

 Whoa, does urlLink Holly have amazing photos of the Libertines on her website or what?! This photo in particular made me really happy: Hey Holly. Tell Mr. Barry Marquis to email me.

 My new favorite drink is stoli orange vodka with grapefruit and cranberry juice. Last night I had four more. I was totally stoked. I went to see Metric and was dancing up a storm -- so much so i guess that the singer told me from stage that i was making her night and inspiring her to dance. I guess she didnt see me earlier in the evening at Julie Pietrangelo's karaoke birthday party where I got the party started by singing an absolutely off key version of JT's "Like I Love You." It included me dancing, climbing on furniture, and falling on my ass while trying to show Julie just how limber i can be -- which is apparently, not very. Out of nowhere a guy that nobody in the party knew started singing Christinas Beautiful and were all shocked by how awesome his voice was. I had to take a photo of him, and its definitely the best photo Ive ever taken of someone in my life. Ive never seen a smile that big! if that doesnt work, urlLink click here. I should detox this weekend, but I totally forgot how much fun it is to get wasted. Its like Ive got my second wind back!

 I'm just a social drinker with a really active social calendar. My friend Marti sent this to me: AQUARIUS Drinking Style Aquarius and drinking don't go together that well (except for water, that is). They have an innate tendency toward know-it-allism, and if they get an idea while sizzled, they're more stubborn than a stain or a stone. If they're throwing a party or organizing an outing, however, they're too preoccupied with their duties to get combative -- and they make perfectly charming drunks in that case. Fortunately, they're usually capital drink-nursers. They also make the best designated drivers (if you can get them before they start raising their wrist): Aquarius is fascinated by drunk people and capable of holding interesting conversations with soused strangers while sober. Trademark Cocktails Aquarius is likely to order stuff most people have never heard of: a capirinha, Satan's whiskers, a negroni, an Arthur Tompkins. They like to stump the bartender. This sign rules the color electric blue and would be pleased by any tipple featuring blue curacao. They also rule the olive tree, so pour the juice into that dirty martini. Drinking Buddies Jennifer Aniston, Ellen DeGeneres, Dr. Dre, Matt Groening, Ashton Kutcher, Ronald Reagan, Christina Ricci, Justin Timberlake, Oprah Winfrey, Elijah Wood ------ Oh, and I like Hail to the Thief now. Caryn found joy in pointing her finger at me and saying "I told you so!"

 Thom Yorke And this dude:

 Last night I DJ'ed at Pianos for some fashion party that had this band called Laptop playing. Laptop were pretty fucking great... the singer's voice reminded me of that gothtronica dude Wolfstein (sp?). The band was made up of all women who were decked out and looking like models and being totally Robert Palmer. Anyway, this isnt important. What is important is that there was an open bar for Stoli vodka and I double fisted until my speech was slurred. It was literally slurred. I didnt feel totally drunk, just super fucking happy -- but i was drunk. I'm gonna admit it. By the time I got off DJ duty it was after 11. So I rode my bike home and dropped off my records and was planning to head over to HiFi for urlLink Andy Greenwald's book release party, but i wasnt sure if it was still going on and Lizzy was worried about me riding my bike while drunk. Last time I did that was after Primal Scream and I turned up at some party gushing blood from a fall and totally oblivious to that fact. I like Kelly Clarkson's jeans in her new video. She and i have the same "thickness" issues. I should raid her closet. I bought a pair of Diesel jeans the other day but i think i'm gonna return them. Diesels look so fucking cool on men, it's retarded... but on me, i look retarded. I missed Interpol last night. This makes me really sad. So the tally of great shows I've missed this week is three. Radiohead, Sigur Ros, and Interpol. I did get to see Thursday do an acoustic set at the Apple store last night. That was cool... but it wasnt Interpol. I heard that at the Interpol show, various members of the band actually went into the crowd and had sex with the audience members! DURING THE SHOW. that's how good it was. I'm trying to remind myself that I've seen Interpol 30+ times since 2000... including one evening when they came into SPIN.com offices to record something for our website and I couldnt convince anyone from the office to join me so it was like, me, interpol, and 3 others watching them perform songs. I gave birth right on the spot. it was cool.

 I just found out TODAY that I was on the guestlist for the urlLink Sigur Ros / urlLink Radiohead rehearsal show LAST NIGHT. Oh my God. I want to sit in the corner and mainline Oxycontin to get over this heartbreak. Thank God tonight isn't a sober night, and thank God I have about 2 birthday parties to attend ( urlLink jasper and lara), 1 show ( urlLink the prosaics ), and a party at my house that Nate is throwing for his Tampa dudes -- he's cooking. I can get drunk and drown my misery in my booze. FUCKING RADIOHEAD AND SIGUR ROS ON THE SAME STAGE MOMENTS AFTER EACH OTHER AND I MISSED IT AND I WAS ON THE FUCKING GUEST LIST WITH A FUCKING PLUS ONE! . I could've invited the hottest guy i know to that show and he'd be legally obligated by the laws of Rock and Roll to be the best lay of my entire life. Not that I'd want that ... but i'm just saying ! Oh, and not that I'd need a Radiohead/Sigur Ros ticket to get laid... I'm just sayin... Cause i would've ended up taking Daniel the Orthodox Jew anyway. ORTHODOX JEW. While on the topic, urlLink fark.com , urlLink freep.com , and urlLink bust.com have listed me as their pick of the day. I set up that profile as a social experiment when I did a piece for SPIN called "Rock Star Personals." yes... it was a social experiment. speaking of experiments... HOLY SHIT! urlLink MONKEYS CONTROL ROBOTS WITH THEIR BRAINS! Article from the Washington Post.

 urlLink listen here

 Last night, by some act of God, I found myself watching the "Wade Robson Project" where I got to hear the new JC Chasez song and holy shit it was so fucking amazing. He played two songs last night, and it was the second one he played. It's sound was in the dead center of Fischerspooner and the Faint and I think my jaw is feeling slightly dislocated from dropping to the floor in disbelief. It's so fucking good. So loud and agressive and dirty sounding. The lyrics for the chorus totally rip off Korn and go: "All day i dream about sex, and all night i dream about sex, and all the time i dream about sex with you." Maybe i was just super high or something, but it was so fucking good. I need to download that song now so i can DJ it on wednesday.

 According to sitemeter or something, nobody reads my blog. Which is great! This means that I don't have to worry about censoring myself and worrying that my brothers might read about what i've really been doing with my nights and ship me off to rehab. Perhaps I've installed my sitemeter thing incorrectly, which is possible. Sadly, I haven't been doing much. I come home at nights and crawl into bed after having a smoke. Friday night totally ruled my pants tho. I went to see Radiohead at MSG and the motherfuckers played "Creep"... which i'm not embarassed to say is my second favorite RH song (the best rh song is "Let Down"). I spent the entire time jumping up and down and up and down wanting to dry hump the person standing next to me cause i was so stoked that they were playing that song. Vicki and Alex finally arrived and I chilled a bit and experienced Radiohead the way God intended me to. I FUCKING ENJOY RADIOHEAD LIVE. I love them live like way too much. When I'm at their show I forget about Hail to the Kid Amnesiac and I just remember why I fucking love that band. Hail to the Kid Amnesiac songs make my nipples go stiff when they're played live. I'm a fucking loser. After the show I went to the after party with Vicki and Alex and we had a fucking great time. Colin Greenwood seemed as interested in meeting me as he would be about getting Genital Warts or something. I dont really blame him. He played party host and had a lot of people to say hello to. So many people were pulling and poking at him that I probably would've been like "yes, nice to meet you" and run off as well if I were him. I did have a nice conversation or 4 with members of Sigur Ros (including Jonsi the singer!). I didnt see Thom there, but Alex swears he saw him. I nearly tripped over Ed O'Brien when i was leaving. It might be hard to trip over someone who is clearly a foot and half taller then me, but i should point out that it was an open bar. Saturday I went shopping with Vicki and then went home to watch Justin Timberlake on SNL before passing out. Sunday I discovered my new favorite activity: Dog Runs. urlLink Brian and I went to two of them and saw lots of dogs humping each other, and playing fetch, and chasing each other. Dogs fucking rule. One last thing: urlLink RIP THE MODERN AGE

 I'm not a "writer" as much as I "chronicle pop culture." I think there have been some misunderstandings about this. Also, I drank heavily at the ELLEgirl party and Michelle Branch is very sweet. I didnt get drunk, but i did get rowdy. Brian nearly got punched in the face when I stared yelling at a couple who were making out in Chelsea (a boy and girl mind you!). I yelled "Wooo! Make out City!!!" Moments later my back started to give in and I had to call it a night. For whatever reason, I can't have coke (the soda kind) after i've had a beer, and i cant have mix drinks after i've had a soda type of drink. I have no idea why, but my back gets in such massive amounts of intolerable pain. When i burp I feel better, but sometimes, that doesn't cut it. Tonight I see Radiohead.

 And you can hear it here: urlLink rightclicksavetargetas

 Next time you find out about extras needed for an OLSEN TWINS movie, will you fucking tell me? I love you, but man, this is like stabbing me in the back with my own stilettos or something. Also, someone at work thought i was 26. I am now about to crawl into a hole and cry. Where is that bottle of wine? 26 isn't old, but c'mon, why you aging me 3 years premature?

 urlLink Radiohead . I love Radiohead. But more, I love old Radiohead. New Radiohead makes me question myself. Do I like those albums because they're good albums or do I like them because Radiohead made them? If Radiohead came out with an album that was like urlLink Muse's Absolution , or urlLink Coldplay's A Rush Of Blood to the Head , or urlLink Interpol's Turn On the Bright Lights , or even urlLink the Walkmen's Everyone Who Pretended to Love Me Is Gone , people in the music industry would be allowed to take the day off of work so they could spend the day patting themselves on the back while listening to the opus.

 urlLink " target="_blank">Laura is a scenester. I love Laura like a fat kid hates dieting. The funny thing is that the girl never leaves the house, so it seems. I DJed the birthday party which was really fun. I drank a bit, which was uneventful seeing as I didn't get drunk and instead opted to leave the party at about 2am in favor of my bed. I atoned for my sins on sunday and monday, which was actually quite easy save for my brilliant idea to each Tostidos before sunset and NOT drinking a gallon of water to combat impending thirst. You can't even drink water when you're fasting for Yom Kippur and so i spent a lot of the time trying to savor my own spit. I'm sure that this is an appetizing image to anyone reading. I did fast for two extra hours than I had to... It's been a sinful year, I should've gone for another day. Needless to say, I haven't had much of an appetite since. Monday night Brian -- urlLink equipped with an updated site that is beyond funny -- took me to do Kareoke at Nolita Tavern on Spring Street. Brian is the best Kareoke person ever. He sang Bon Jovi's "Shot Through the Heart" and managed to get the entire audience cheering and dancing while waving their arms in the air. He convinced me to give it a try and so I sang "All the things She Said" by TATU.... while sober. During the verses I was shivering. I get so fucking stage fright it's unreal. I'm scared of two things indefinitely: 1. Guns. I don't like to be near them, but at the same time, I'd love to shoot one one day. 2. The Stage. Maybe when I'm drunk i'm ok on stage, but sober, it's like you might as well point a gun to my head. I wasn't always like this, and know exactly when the fear was set: In middle school (tenafly middle school in NJ to be exact), I performed in the orchestra where I played cello. The stage was so fucking packed during the performance that i was seated all the way on the outskirts and had to face away from the audience in order to see the conductor, so my unfortunately back was to the audience. I didn't think that was such a big deal until I found out the next day that Mr. Schneider had made fun of me to every one of his classes saying that I looked totally ridiculous with my back to the audience. From that moment on I became stage freight. I hate that man. Last night I had a really nice dinner with Vicki and then went to Brooklyn to wish Phoebe a Happy Birthday. Today I got the new Britney Spears single. She looks like she had a nose job. Tonight I party with Michelle Branch courtesy of ELLEgirl. We will do loads of heroin because that's the cool thing to do these days.

 I finally got closer to drunk than i've been in ages, which felt really wonderful and so i'm sort of enjoying this hangover right now and nursing it with a coke and buttered bagel. Anyway, getting a bit drunk last night was great. someone handed me a bottle of beer and the first thing i did was shake it up and hold it above my head as the beer squirted all over and i nearly got kicked out. I had so much fun DJing at Broadcast. I haven't had fun like that in ages and it just felt like so much fun to DJ to a full room and to act retarded and make mistakes and dance around and not be tired. I think I'm getting back to square one with all this sobriety. Getting drunk was just so much fun. I forgot that getting totally retarded is actually really fun. Oh man. I can't be my friend Baron's sponsor now. Needless to say, i probably wasn't looking very hot when I went to shoot "Hot Babes, Ugly Dudes" for VH1 this afternoon. "Ugly Writers, No Boyfriend." I really love this band called urlLink the Killers . I can't stop listening to them and especially the song "Jenny" (which is on the page i've linked). I don't know how to describe their sound... they're sort of dark, rocking, dancey and the singer's voice is super unique -- one moment it sounds like the guy from the mars volta and the next it's a bit like urlLink Robert Smith . I once rode my bike home listening to "Jenny" about 10 times. This sort of make me thinks about how hard monthly magazines have it. We write our content three or more months before it actually hits the stands or lands in someone's mailbox. We need to predict what will be popular and who our readers will want to read about, and with the internet being the absolute best tool to find about new bands, i worry that people will think that we're so behind the times. Magazines really didnt have to compete with the web 5 years ago. More importantly, why are people constantly shocked by the fact that i think urlLink Tom Cruise is fucking hot? I mean, I also like urlLink Ewan and urlLink Jude ... but Tom isn't bad, I don't think. RedBull sent me 5 cases of their product today. Five fucking cases! Maybe I should write Phizer and tell them how much i love Vike. This is a joke!

 urlLink Fly Life thinks i have bodacious tatas. Thank you! My friend Iann just shared this little tidbit about Morrissey that I thought I'd share: "i also love that the four times I saw him, the "pit" if you want to call it that, was three times as insane as any metal show. all these buff young jock men finally being ok with being a little gay and fighting each other to get on stage to give morrissey flowers" OK, so Tuesday night was a fun night for me. I drank because I was allowed to. First i went to see urlLink Kill Hannah perform on the Carson Daly show, and in typical fashion i showed up an hour late and came just in time to see their part of the show. After the show me, Julia, Megan, Jess and a couple other went to get frosty drinks at Tequilaville since we've got class, and then wandered over to a Thai restaurant. Afterwards we all then went to an irish pub with KH near roseland and had a few beers (i only had one!) and Carson came to join us, which was nice cause he never did that with any of my other friends' bands who've played his show. Then we all went to SinSin to bid farewell/happy birthday to Tara Levitan, my bizarro twin. Then to Tribeca Grand to see Tommie Sunshine DJ. Then to Brooklyn to do Kareoke at Stingers. Then ... I've become such a fucking dork. Last night was Marc's birthday party-thing, which he decided to hold at the St. Regis. Since i had nothing to do between work and those drinks, i decided to try the dinner at the St. Regis. Ugh. It was so not worth the price paid. Mind you, i'm willing to dish out a pretty penny for a good dinner, but what I got in return at the St. Regis was just satisfactory. I did get a kick out of looking like Oliver Twist in this fancy dining room eating raw tuna whilst reading the new issue of Details. They stuck me in the corner as if they were worried I'd scare off the other possible customers. Wonderful! Anyway, the bar at the St. Regis is retarded amounts of expensive and despite only having a coke, I managed to blow more money than i'm comfortable parting with. Ugh. I didn't have any booze. I got Marc a shirt that says "I'm not an alcoholic, i'm a drunk. alcoholics go to meetings." He hated it.

 urlLink Losing My Edge has new Interpol songs -- live versions. So awesome!

 Wednesday night... A couple days later and what can i remember? Not all that much, but still quite a lot. It was another nail in the sobriety coffin. Not the last, but close. Had a little urlLink Motherfucker preparty at my house. We drank and smoked a bit and before long my bedroom was filled to the brim with cute boys. You know, a typical Wednesday night at apt 3a. We all filed into a couple of cabs and headed to Mofo... it was a pretty slow night, which is understandable since everyone had already headed back to their homes somewhere other than NYC. I had a drink or 6 more and soon found myself dancing with the tranny and david la chappelle muse Amanda Leproire -- whom i'm totally fucking obsessed with -- on top of some platform. I think at some point I started making out with Greg, but in a total over the top way where I was pushing him around some area and knocking down things. At around 6am I post partied til the sun came up. NYC was empty on Thursday. It was fa-reeeky. It was one of those evenings that reminds me why Tim's nickname for me is Trouble. I think i'm the only person who thinks those Rich Girls are actually really sweet and not awful in the slightest.

 urlLink Andy is the most clever human alive. No joke. I think he knows what the conversations are going to be before even entering them... like a reality show of sorts ... so he's able to think of these incredibly hysterical lines that have perfect timing. You know what he called our cannibalistic universe that is eating other universes? Weapons of Mass Consumption. He is genius.

 Right. I think one or two of these might've come out last year ... but at the very end. Anyway, here is my top ten in order: 1. Muse - Absolution - HOLY SHIT THIS IS THE MOST EPICE THING SINCE FOREVER! 2. British Sea Power - The Decline of British Sea Power - "Blackout" is the most gorgeous of songs ever. I remember seeing them in Brooklyn this summer and I gave birth to a litter of puppies when they played this song. It also caused the blackout of 2003. 3. Libertines - Up the Bracket - I liked it alright at first, and then i didnt like it and now i think it's so fucking genius and underrated, for real. 4. Blur - Think Tank - I didn't like it, then urlLink Andy told me to listen to it again. I did. And it's so surprisingly great. Like, there's no reason why they should've been able to write those songs that they wrote after all these years. I fall in love whenever i hear "Ambulance." 5. My Chemical Romance - I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love - I think this album technically came out a few times since last November. It's the best emocore whatevercore album ever. I know I'm biased, but seriously. They're amazing. I knew the moment i heard one song that they were going to be amazing. They have not let me down. I listen this album constantly. 6. Ryan Adam - Rock n Roll - I really didnt care about Ryan before this album. I would treat him just like anyone else -- which is pretty nicely typically -- but if i met him now I might drop to the floor and start bowing. This is how good the album is. 7. Radiohead - Hail to the Theif - I'm still debating wheater i'd like this album if Radiohead didnt write it and I still dont know. This is why they're so low on the list. If they rereleased the same album Muse or Coldplay did, people would be building cathedrals for them. HTTT was great, but like, their heads really need to be pulled out of their own asses. 7. The Darkness - Permission to Land - I don't care if they're practically a parody. This album is fun and awesome. I like Radiohead more than it for some reason. 8. Placebo - Sleeping With Ghosts - So great. Way better than their last album by far. I love Brian Molko. 9. stellastarr* - stellastarr* - God bless this band. such great songs. pixies meets the cure. 10. Pretty Girls Make Graves - New Romance - 11. Yeah Yeah Yeahs - Fever to Tell - This should be higher up, but i'm high up so i have no idea where to put it. Fuck. This album makes me want to rape little boys. It's just that good. 12. TATU - 200 km in the wrong direction - fuck off. this shit was awesome. hot lesbians! 13. Thursday - War All the Time - Fuck, i know this should go up way higher. I just cant even start thinking where. All i know is that Muse is number one! 14. The Music - The Music - i forget when this album actually came out. I love this band a lot. their live show is amazing and blows my mind. It's like a total Vike and Wine cocktail sometimes. You know when the lights are extra pretty and the music is extra loud but perfect and your legs feel like lead stuck to the dance floor... it's like that. OK, that 14. but it's my list so fook you. I know that i probably missed some very essential ones. for this i apologize. Off to motherfucker tonight.

 urlLink Click here . Print out. and color with crayons cause you're all retarded.

 at least in this poll, someone decent will win: urlLink SPIN Readers Poll

 Check out the urlLink full page photo and text on my boys urlLink My Chemical Romance in Alternative Press. Mr. Ex Ultraboy is the one with the glasses and complicated hair. Not to be a total teeny bopper, but could these boys be any fucking cuter? Even my mom has a crush.

 I love knowing med students because I've got such a disturbing fascination with the dissection of human bodies. I typically ask people what the dead people's lungs looked like becasue that sort of interests me. When I asked a friend what it was like to cut up dead people, here's the super fucking awesome response i got back: "Dissect-ed, baby, "when I dissect-ed." I'm done poking around up-in some dead chick's guts. I retired, to the garbage, my smelly formaldehyde scrubs and sneakers covered in somebody's-somebody. Some of the girls seemed to have fun joking with conspicuous "huge cock man." Of course the major psycho-insecure-flirt girl got that body. But then again these are medical students (i.e. people who grew up in caves deep under the earth's crust). I'm not sure if all of them had seen a dick in person before. One 65 year old dead woman had tattoos so a student near me went, "oh my god she has a tattoo, be careful, I bet she has aids." So I kept using his body's hand to scratch his butt and freak him out. Until he got me into trouble. I think the hands were my favorite part because I could use them to hold tools I wasn't using. The naughty bits of my body weren't in good shape. The nice old lady we had looked to be about 80 and everything in her lower abdomen was so pancaked together it was hard to tell what was what. Girls have very busy bodies. I was left wondering how women can get through life without peeing all over themselves. There's no room down there and no muscles to hold it in." I think I could listen to this person talk about dead people's bodies for hours if all the stories are like this!

 I'm sitting at home doing some writing for SPIN and my throat feels like someone had me swallow a catus and then poured lemon juice on the wound. Ow, motherfucking, ow. FUCK. My entire right side of my face hurts, even my teeth are hurting. I think a wisdom tooth is growing or something... I dont know, I dont remember my mouth/throat being in so extreme pain in ages. I can't believe I'm going to end up using that vicoden pill for a painkiller instead of for fun.

 I've had a shit load of people emailing and IMing me about that urlLink Muse song. Whoa. My site meter thing LITERALLY says that NOBODY reads this blog. Anyway, urlLink Muse's website posted their video for "Time Is Running Out" on their site. Click on "media" and then on "video" and chose "time is running out." The video is the fucking shit. Matt Bellamy looks like Ian Curtis in it.

 Last night I had a dream that I was in my old house -- the one i grew up in -- and i'm with urlLink Brian just sitting around. I get up to get something from my closet and this gigantic doll that i used to have (it was a porceline headed clown doll that was 3ft tall -- i had two of them) was hanging by a noose in my closet and nodding it's head no when peeked inside. I freaked out, slammed the door, and ran out. Told Brian who said I was just tripping or stoned or something. I agreed and we just sat around some more. Then the other doll that was seated near us started to move. At first, i was the only one that saw it cause it just sort of budged... but then it started to roll around. That's when Brian grabbed me and we went running out the door. I can't remember what happened to those dolls in real life, but I think they might be in a box in my parent's attic. I never want a doll ever again. Except for my talking Master P doll who says "Uhhhhh! Na na na na!" What I learned from this experience is that I dont like sleeping alone sometimes, however, when I woke up, I was totally diagnol on the bed. There's no way I can share a bed with anyone else -- unless is a gigantic bed. Which doesnt exist in NYC. Lastnight I went to some party with Ben for some movie that's opening on one screen. It was free beer so when the invitation came my way I couldn't pass it up. As I was downing a few drinks we all got excited that Boy George was there. So I called up Vicki and told her to get to the party so she could stare at Boy with me. Suddenly Boy was missing and then another Boy George appeared -- this time the REAL Boy George. Can you believe that there was a Boy George decoy? I felt like I was in Star Wars, except with a less attractive cast. What I learned from this experience is that having a decoy is the new having drugs.

 urlLink Jenny put up photos from Saturday's party. urlLink Czech them out. I should note that there was a VVIP room at this party. I was led by hand into it and the VVIP room turned out to be 7 guys in a really brightly lit room staring at each other, surrounding a bed, and muttering things every few moments.

 You can download "Apocolypse Please" here: urlLink Right Click or whatever And apparently the entire album here: urlLink right click or whatever . I dont read Russian, so who knows... Thank you urlLink Scott!

 urlLink Muse 's "Apocalypse Please" is easily the grandest piece of music I've ever heard in my life. It's huge. It's a beast. It's one of the greatest songs I've heard in ages. You need to hear it. But like, you need to hear it on a really good pair of headphones and you dont even need to be stoned -- though that probably wouldn't hurt. There are no prominant guitars in this song, it's all piano driven and about the ... uh... well, Apocalypse, but not in an entirely cheesy way. Just sort of in a way that this song very well could make the apocalypse look really awesome and movie-like. In a movie, the world would be saved by someone miscast by Jerry Bruckheimer. I listened to this song about 7 times last night trying to point out all the different parts to myself, miming the piano playing, air drumming, singing along like i'm some crazed politician giving the final speach. I feel like Mozart when i hear this. Even Barry the Scottish urlLink liked it , and he HATES Muse. Now all I have to do is convert the delightful Rob S. Send me an IM and i'll AIM the song to you. My AIM is Ultragrrrl.

 Oh. God. Hangover. Hell. Last night I went to Ben's house to meet up with him, urlLink Lindsay , and Glenn (with two n's). Ben made me a totally awesome drink using Pepsi Blue (who knew you could still find that shit) and Rum... I drank a lot of these. A few other people came to meet up with us there including urlLink Brian , Vin, and his biazrro twin. My head hurts as i type this. I dont know if i'm making sense i'm sorry. We all went to Ryan and Alex's house for Eva and Alex Moreno's birthday party. I drank more. Partied some more. I bit someone's arm. Brian took a photo of me and I think i flashed the camera and if that ends up on his site, i will be killed by my brothers. The party was fucking great as Ryan and Alex's parties usually are. So many people. All so cute. All so nice. All so drunk. I saw a lot of people that I haven't seen in ages ... like Sebastian! And I'm totally unable to go out these days without seeing the danger twins Carlos and Paul. I believe I'm accidently stalking them. Eva's boobies looked awesome. I tried to kiss them. She wouldn't let me. I didn't make out with anyone i dont think. I'm pretty sure I didnt. I drank a lot and then some. After the party I relocated some festivities to my house. I'm watching the Spice Girls' "Behind the Music." I want to be a pop star. I'm leaving a lot out from last night. I can't think.

 from Arye.

 Markyspin: the band's called APB. scottish new wave from around '83. their big single was "Shoot You Down"

 Tonight was a busy, busy, busy night. Went to see urlLink Franz Ferdinand at Pianos. They were great. So great. Reminded me of a band whose name I forget and whose lyrics I managed to totally fuck up when I sang them to my friends. They're not "I would like to shoot your daughter" ... it's something else... ATC? ATO? Anyway, they had also a very Joy Division sound to them with their guitars and dressed like Russian migrant workers or like Interpol would if they had less money. The bassist played with the straightest face as if he were about to burst out into laughter and I wish that I didnt wear a strapless dress cause it kept on slipping down which made it hard to dance. None of these sentances make any sense. After Pianos I rode my bike (it's fucking cold and i'm wearing a dress AND platform boots) to Lit to see Five O'Clock Heroes and meet up with the boyfriends. I didn't see Raph, but I hung out with Greg. Oh, the band sounded like the Jam, and were great. The drummer is named Mike and he looks like Gavin from Bush. I also met this girl named Marni who recognized me from urlLink Brian's website . Marni was stunning. She looked like Angelina Jolie, but 5'3 and with a totally different voice. If I ever decided to finally bite the bullet and make out with a girl, she'd be the one. The resemblance is uncanny. You'd agree with me. After 5OH i went back to Lit because both Daniel and Paul strongly, strongly suggested I check out a band that was playing cause they had opened up for Interpol at some point. Again, I've forgotten their names and think it might be a good time to quit some brain cell crushing habits. When I got to Pianos i found out that the band that i had never heard about until 45 minutes earlier wouldnt be on until close to 1am. I got tired of trying to avoid people and said "fuck this noise" and went to the Library to meet up with Rob, Marc, Lizzy, Maureen, Chuck, and Erin. At the Library we talked about many very important topics like bloggers, Michael Jackson, and being a talking head. Talking about being a talking head was one of those really bizarre things that i pictured talking heads doing before I actually became one. I thought all the talking heads would get together and laugh about how they're on another tv show and kind of laugh at the normal people for not being on tv -- we sort of did that, but laughed at ourselves instead of others. Tomorrow I'm going to be taping "The Fabulous Life of Christina Aguilera" and my brother wanted to know when i became the xtina expert. Good fucking question. About Michael Jackson: I dont understand how he was labeled as "black" on the mugshot thing. I mean, let's pretend Michael isnt Michael and he gets arrested and brought to jail and they're filling out the stats card... for a person who is not a super star international super star, they would've put "white" or "caucasion" for him. If you're sending out an APB on someone like Michael Jackson -- who isnt Michael Jackson -- and you're a cop on the radio, you're not gonna be like "Please be on the look out for a light skinned black male, 5'11 and 120 lbs" ... you're gonna be like "Please be on the look out for a gray skinned male, 5'11 and 120 lbs". Basically, what i'm trying to say is: Just like they changed California state law to require minors to cooperate with prosecutors on child abuse cases AFTER Jacko managed to settle out of court, they should change the way we list skin color. They should actually apply to a person's skin color and not their race. Michael Jackson, theoretically, would go unnoticed if he was running from cops and a nobody because they'd be looking for a black man. Jacko is clearly not this. I wrote a lot tonight. Whoa. I'm tired and had nothing to drink at all. A glass of water. That's all. I'm now exhausted and I hate partying. I really do. I need to hibernate.

 I love "Toxic" by Britney Spears and "Me Against The Music" has totally grown on me.

 I've finally added four words to my MSWord spell check: emo screamo Coldplay Radiohead.

 You know how Michael expects us all to accept his "I'm a kid at heart, that's why i love hanging out with kids" excuse for why he's always around brats? Well, when I was 10, the boys i liked were also 10. So if he's a kid at heart, then he's probably trying to bang little boys. Just a thought. Oh, and according to the New York Post, he was giving little boys wine and sleeping pills. Maybe Jacko and I should hang out. In my heart, i'm a 19 year old girl. I also am totally girl-crushing on Gwen Stefani from the "It's My Life" video. She's so pretty. I want to be her ... and then fuck her husband.

 Mom: Sarah, how's your drinking situation? Me: It's alright mom. Haven't been drinking much at all lately. You were right, it's so great not to drink. Mom: Great! And how are the boys? Me: Great mom. Mom: Why is your nose growing like Pinnochio? Me: We're Jews mom. Our noses grow. This morning I found a pill of vike in my purse. What the fuck? I have no idea how that got in there, but I was so super stoked to find it. I think the pill fairy (fairie?) dropped it in there during my less sober of days. My previous life. Yesterday I had to stay home sick. Lizzy spent all of last week home ill and Vicki came over for like 5 hours on saturday and sunday and got really ill and the both of them wondered how i managed to stay alright. Tuesday night it hit me and I forced myself to stay home and recover. At night I got dragged out by my brother, Leight, Seth and Guilia to see Love, Actually . I am still in love with Hugh Grant. Afterwards I hussied up and went to meet up with the stunning 30's movie starlet urlLink Lindsay at the Coral Room for what was supposed to be the White Stripes after party. They never showed up. But Lindsay's friends were lovely and sweet and cute and one of them looked like urlLink the singer of JJ72 -- a band that one person in NYC seems to care about. And that one person is me. Oh. Little Stevie was there! And so was Carlos. This time we weren't dressed alike.

 I suck because last night on my way to Karen's house from Times Square -- where i was going to pre-party -- my phone died. So i had to haul ass to my house on the LES, charge my phone, and by the time I got up to Irving, urlLink Kill Hannah were already off stage. I've flown to Chicago before to see them play and the fact that I was unable to get to 14th street just makes me so mad. Granted, I've seen them like, 6 times in the past 4 months, but their live show is just that good. Have you ever seen 5 cuter boys in your life on stage? I would guess the answer is no. Anyway, the Darkness were so fucking good. It was retarded. Totally fucking retarded fun. I felt like a retard cuase I was so happy... and experienced joy in ways that only a retard could. Maybe I was just drunk, but I love tards. Justin is so great and can sing so well and he's so not attractive. It's like proof that I actually enjoyed a show when i'm smiling the whole time and don't want to fuck the singer for at least the 50 minutes that he's on stage. The command that Justin had over the crowd was just heads above the Bowery show where you could sort of see that they were really nervous. There was no nervousness last night. Hal, the jewish rock photographer trapped in Mick Jagger's body, provided for some fun times during the encore while he was perched on Adam Mandel's shoulders. Justin seemed to enjoy it at first, quite a bit, but then i think he got nervous when the spotlight was off him. I definitely enjoyed watching Hal. And I definitely enjoyed Justin's preying mantis pretending to be a bunny dance move. Afterwards Guilia and I headed over to Sin-e for the Viscious party. All the usual scenesters were there. It makes my sudden appetite for hermitage so much easier if it means I can see all my friends in one fell swoop by walking two blocks for 30 minutes. I learned, on this excursion, that Dennis Realistics is playing an acoustic show on monday and will be playing many cover songs. "Faith" by George Micheal might be one of them. When I saw urlLink Audrey she asked me if I was drunk. I said no. She looked at me funny and then i said "Yeah, ok. I am drunk." I will go sober again. But like, when I'm pregnant or something. Who am i kidding?!

 I use a Mac, so i dont know urlLink if this works , but it seems really cool if it does. I still feel like upchucking, but I'm listening to the urlLink Katy Rose album and strangely it's making me feel better. Or maybe I'm feeling better from the Egg McMuffin and Coke... hangover cure. Typically the Katy Rose album might make me puke. Last night I went to the Thursday/Thrice show at Roseland and discovered that Jack White was at the Track's magazine party that I blew off because I wanted to hang out with my friend Mat. When I say hang out, i mean, straighten Mat's hair. I wish I had before and after photos. Instead, I'm gonna make urlLink this photo my desktop image I think. Mat's in the middle. His band are opening up for the Darkness tonight. I've been blacklisted by the Darkness. I love you, but i've chosen urlLink Kill Hannah . Missed Thrice but Roseland was a massive sweat box, so i'm assuming there was moshing. Thursday were awesome and I was so fucking drunk by the time they came on. My friend urlLink Mikey and I were running around upstairs chasing each other and smacking people's asses. He's got a mohawk now, which i bit. I was hoping to bite off a bit like you might with an icicle, but that didnt work. The two of us were retarded amounts of drunk and acting like 15 year olds who've never been drunk before -- i'm shocked we didnt get kicked out. Oh, there was confetti. that was awesome. I liked the confetti. Then I went with urlLink Karen and urlLink Sarah and urlLink Carolyn and Gina to the after party. I dont remember the after party very well because it was open bar and I was double fisting non-stop. I have no idea how i managed to get in bed at night but i woke up with the tv on in the morning. I really wanna see what my liver looks like at this point. Oh my god. The following exchange just occured: Friend: I woke up with a smile on my face and this message on my cell "WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU STOP MAKING OUT WITH WHOMEVER YOURE MAKING OUT WITH AND GET THE FUCK OVERHERE." Me: That's a funny voicemail. Who left it? Friend: You did.

 Sarah Wilson is really happy today. And she should be. I'm really hungover today and didnt want to leave the house. I wanted to hug the toilet until my insides were all over my outsides.

 Whoa. I just got a CD in the mail from a group called urlLink The Lost Patrol . At first, judging from the boy on the cover, I thought it was urlLink The Honorary Title , but then I realized that it was actually Dennis Lyxzen from urlLink the (International) Noise Conspiracy and the Refused. I've listened to three songs so far and whoa man. Is that shit mellow. Mellow, nice, but like the exact opposite of the Refused. Do you remember when you first saw urlLink the Refused video for "New Noise" and thought that your life was saved? That was cool.

 urlLink ikeepadiary.com has just been updated... incase you needed a reason to not work.

 Truer words have never been uttered: urlLink "Some girls dance with women/ knowing it will get some attention/ I wanna get in with them/ so get me a drink and lets go!"

 Missy Elliott was fucking amazing last night on SNL. Bands are usually so boring on that show (there have been a few exceptions), and hip hop artists? Forget it! Even not on SNL live hip hop shows are boring (i like hip hop... i'm not one of those rock-only snobs). But Missy last night was awesome. I was staring in absolutely awe as she had dancers do the river dance and make it look cool. I was like, fuck, why didnt I think of that? She even said that the dance was called "The Dutch"... but we white people know... it's the river dance. I can't wait to see that shit blow up on the dance floors. Watch the video for urlLink "Pass The Dutch" . PS - In October, urlLink Laura brought me a copy of "Pass the Dutch" when I was DJing the Libra bash for Elliott, Jo, and Sophie. It was TOO bass heavy for me to get people moving, so i'm waiting for a remix. Oh, and I heard some other Britney songs today from her new album In the Zone while watching the MTV special of the same name, they were REALLY FUCKING GOOD. I can't wait to get the album! I saw a couple kids waiting at the Virgin Megastore in times square tonight on my way to dinner with my family -- they were waiting to meet Britney on tuesday.

 Last night I decided to say fuck you to the weekend and stayed in. Vicki came over and we watched that Amanda Bines (sp?) movie "What a Girl Wants". The movie's subtext was brilliant. Pygmallian. Karate Kid. It was all there. Anyway, I hate going out these days. I think I really over did it for two years where I went out every night until 4am. I think it was since 9/11... i was like "We could die tomorrow. I better party now!" I had a slut on each arm snorting coke off my rack until the wee hours as I poured crystal down my throat. OK, not really, but seriously close. Instead i cut my bangs and did a bang up job on them. I really, really, really like the new urlLink Phantom Planet song "Big Brat" ( urlLink video ). It sounds like it was influenced by Blur's "Crazy Beat"... which is fucking awesome. I'm also totally in love with urlLink Razorlight . Their video is on their site and the song "Rip it Up" is like the Libertines meets the song "Twist and Shout". I'm going to find the mp3 or buy the cd and dj it.

 The Coopers video wasn't very good. There was a narrative in it, which is something very British it seems or something, but the band wasnt even in it. They're so cute. What a waste. Music these days is filled with a lot of "what should've made" ... at least in my opinion. It's like, the Muse and Coldplay albums are the albums Radiohead should've made (sacrelidge! you scream?). Oasis should've written some songs like the ones the Coopers wrote. The Strokes should've had as much of an interesting, head slapping, greek tragedy filled year as the Libertines had. U2 should've written the song "So Alive" by Ryan Adams. The Distillers song "The Hunger" should've been written by Courtney. Axl might have to off himself after he hears the Darkness album. Funeral For a Friend wish they were from NJ and called My Chemical Romance. Men shine when they sing with PJ Harvey. She looks amazing in this Josh Homme video. I wanna touch her hair. Hope of the States - "Enemies/Friends" ... They're wearing military jackets. Very Libertines. Yes, I would rip off the Libs too. They have a violinist in the band and one of the members look like Roddy from Idlewild and they have a military style drum. That is awesome. A violinist too. I dont know if i actually like this band or if i'm just drawn to them. It's like British Sea Power meets Coldplay, but a bit more annoying cause the guy's voice isn't so good. Ed O'Brien is hot. And I'd fuck Thom Yorke. But that's a given. lostprophets now. MTV2 owes me Muse now. Unless they played it. fuck. OH MY GOD. NO MUSE?! WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS WORLD COMING TO? Or did they play them? I need to program a show on MTV. Ed O'Brien = Hot. Thom Yorke = Sexy, Short, Fashionalbe. Phil Selway = Jew. AND HOLY SHIT THEY'RE PLAYING THE "STOP WHISPERING" VIDEO! And wow was that a shitty video. Even though, I couldn't get closer to the TV to watch it. The Greenwood's have great hair genes. Thankfully, Thom stopped opting for the puerto-rican brass hair dye jobs.

 My favorite track off the new Cooper Temple Clause album, "Blind Pilots", has a video and it's on right now! yay!

 I'm at my parent's house in Tenafly, NJ for shabbat and to look at my old dog Maxine (she's a 15 year old blind shih-tzu who is too cute) and MTV2's Subterranean is a special UK edition. Holy shit. Life doesn't get better. They had a band on called Razorlight that were like the Libertines, only not as good but still fucking great. They make me want to pick up a guitar and learn three chords so I can start a band and be drunk all day and all night and just sing about being young. Wait, i'm in a band already with Greg called Debutaunt. We're huge in London. Someone over there claims to have seen us play before. I hope they play Muse. Maybe they did and I missed it?! fuck. I am dying to find out what that band's plans are for the States cause that album is great. I love it. I swear I'm gonna get fired from SPIN because I keep on trying to make people listen to it and sending out mass emails saying how much Absolution rules. Nobody there wants to listen to me. I'm gonna burn a bunch of copies and send it out to all the other people at work and label it "Radiohead B-sides album" or something. Oceansize are on now. They're ok. I think i saw them play at the Boarderline in London with Elefant, but I'm not sure. I might've been too preoccupied by the couple having sex in the bathroom and wondering what flavor condom they were using since the condom machine in the bathroom had various flavors like "lager", "whiskey", and "margarita" ... it's like, that's the shit that gets you in that position in the first place. They should make Alka Seltzer flavored condoms or something. Sober the fuckers up. Ohh... Interpol commercial. That band makes my heart beat in my pants. Why are they so good? Speaking of... Not sure if that photo of me and Carlos on Halloween worked, so go here: http://www.fotolog.net/ultragrrrl/ I'm too sober tonight. I'm rambling. Must find something.

 It's urlLink director's commetary for the Paris Hilton porn tape and the best thing i've read all day.

 My body hurts. I wanna puke. I wanna crawl into a ball and rock like a crack baby. This is how i feel today. Plus, I smell like fabreeze covering up saturated smoke and booze. The smell is making me queasy. I saw urlLink the twenty twos last night. I really like them cause they remind me of Elastica a little, but for pretty much no reason other than the fact that it's three women and a guy on drums and they've got keyboards. OK, so maybe they're a bit like Elastica meets the Distillers or something. The way this band will end is this: They've got two stars in the band. Jenny the singer and Terrah the keyboardist. Two many stars are dangerous... even though Interpol pull it off alright. Whenever Terrah sings I look at her dimples and wanna poke them. I dont like Longwave.

 Lastnight felt like the first time i've been out in ages. I mean, i go out almost every night, but it was the first time in a long while that i've been out just to be out until 3:30am doing nothing but drinking and dancing to a weird mix of music. The most dangerous thing about sweet drinks is that they're so good and refreshing sometimes that you just gulp them up as fast as possible. Next thing you know you're yapping about how you wish you were a guy so that you could get blow jobs from sweet little girls much like yourself. "Yeah, yeah, that's nice honey." *ziiiiiiip* "Now why dont you talk to my pants for a little while?"k Ahhh... the joys of being a dude. They're endless. My rack hardly makes up for it.

 I JUST GOT THE NEW WALKMEN ALBUM! I'M SO FUCKING HAPPY.

 urlLink Lindsay just reminded me that you can still smoke at Lit. When Greg and I were in London (by the way, he is the best travel companion ever, you should ask him to travel with you even if you dont know him), we kept on forgetting that we could smoke in clubs and even restaurants . We've gotten so used to not being able to smoke anywhere that we were like "whoa, look! people smoking! while eating! while drinking!" We also agreed that we didn't like the smoke so much even thought we're both smokers. The german word for oxygen is something that sounds like "sourstuff" but spelled differently. Also, emergency landing is "not landing" ... they dont really mess around those germans, do they? Oh, speaking of Germans, when i went to Madame Toussaud's wax museum I took a photo with Adolf Hitler, but i took my star of david necklace from my neck and put it around his for the photo. The germans were laughing hysterically. some of my friends thought i was totally sick in the head. It was Greg's idea and i think he's a genius.

 My brother Lawrence set it up so that this blog is on Ultragrrrl.com now. hotness. I fucking love the new Ryan Adams album. I'm not a big Ryan fan, but this album is very good. Very good indeed. When I was at a Virgin Megastore in London i heard it booming over the speakers and thought "what is this? this is fucking great?" and low and behold, it's the guy who's feet i tripped over at the NME awards last year. He was sitting down and I used his knee for balance. I should've kissed him or something. Last night i went to Marc's book reading at CBs. He was so much better this time around versus the first time I saw him -- which was actually his first book reading ever. I drank a lot and a lot more. I drifted home while singing "The Sun Will Come Out Tomorrow" like little orphan Annie. I had no money and felt like an orphan. When i got to Rush Hour I tried to buy a goat cheese salad but they wouldn't take credit card. Dave Prince and Ariel were there and saw my dilemma and Dave bought me a salad. So sweet. I had dinner and then downed a few Tylenol PMs so I could forget about my lack of money. I think tonight I will sell some CDs that I got in the mail today. THEN I WILL BE RICH. "So Alive" by Ryan Adams is so fucking good it makes me want to get up on my chair and start dancing or something. But my big toe hurts and so that will hurt. I think i should get some painkillers for that.

 The Ryan Adams album is really good. What the fuck. I was not expecting this.

 Paris Hilton's cell: 310-990-7444 Don't believe me? Call it for yourself.

 Jake asked me to email this to everyone I know, so instead i'm posting it here: Tomorrow is "National Everyone Listen To That Outkast Song At The Same Time Day." At exactly 3:35pm, put on "HEY YA!" by Outkast and shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it like a poloroid picture. You know what to do. You know what to dooooooo. Thanks, urlLink Jake Fogelnest Tonight I'm going to a book reading or something with Sia at CB's for Marc's book. I'm tired. I wanna sleep.

 I'm seriously thinking of chanigng the title of this blog as it's so totally untrue these days. I'm no where near sober. Infact, in London I was back to my old ways. I was enjoying lager after lager until my nights resembled something out of a quasi nightmare paired with a fantastic dream. I laid in bed last night, totally sober, praying for alcohol to fall out of the sky and into my mouth. I laid in bed last night praying for some valium, vicoden, anything that would help me sleep. I stuck my fingers in my ears. I stared at the ceiling. My body really needed drugs and alocohol and something. I'm no longer sober. I'm back home and not drinking tonight. I will have some tylenol pm and pray that tomorrow is ok.

 I'm in London right now and have been since monday. The weather has been surprisingly great and the food has been expectedly terrible. I think i've lost five pounds since arriving, and that probably includes five pounds in great british sterling. i'm so fucking broke it's crazy. I was expecting some freelance money to come in before my trip but that failed so my rent check ended up swallowing all my vacation funds. I've managed to get drinks off my credit card and from the kindness of strangers. Shopping didn't really get to happen cause all the places i wanted to buy things from were only taking money, and cabs swallow cash like a high school sophomore swallows ... I got to meet up with an old friend last night, which was so overwhelmingly nerveracking. I ended up drinking 3 beers with him so that i would stop shaking in my pants and then went to meet up with my friend Oli who gave me another beer and fun. We headed over to the Barfly to see Johnny Lives and after realizing that i had drunk an unbelievable amount of beer and forgot to eat anything the entire day, i sat down and asked to be taken home. The funniest thing about this trip is that Elefant have been in London as well and so we've all been hanging out together a lot. I went to one of their gigs at the Boarderline and Diego dedicated a song to me. After the show i went into the bathroom and was treated to another show of two people fucking in the bathroom stall next to mine. A bunch of us started to line up to go in an Diego saw that I was trying to re-enter and got really concearned saying that i wasnt old enough for such things. We all then went to the Columbia Hotel and had more beer after more beer and Diego told me i wasn't old enough for coke either. I agree. Oh, Greg and I are in a band together called Debutaunt. Brandon, Elefant/Interpol's manager is now our manager. We're huge over here.

 It's been forever since I've updated this bastard and I wish i could remember what I've been up to. The week has been so long. Monday, Tuesday and Thursday i was DJing. Each of those night I indulged in drinking. Yes, drinking. I drank and enjoyed it and found myself dealing with social situations a little bit better. All my drinks were free, which was great because I was so fucking broke. I gotta say that last night I did a pretty bang up job dressing up like Carlos. I totally fucking adore Carlos. He's such a wonderful and great person... I hope that he knows that my costume was in tribute and not to make fun or anything. He's in the ranks of Madonna, Boy George and Meg White (whom i dressed up as last year and yesterday for work), so i guess he's iconic! Anyway, we got a photo together at Motherfucker. The party was fun, but my fucking rack was hurting me like a bitch because I actually taped the twins down as much as I could so I could look like a boy. But that didnt work to well and i ended up with a shelf instead of a rack. Anyway... So far tonight I've gone to see the Walkmen. They were great. Hamilton cut off his hair and seems to have bulked up -- like he's been lifting weights. He's always looked like he could kick someone's ass, but now he looks like he spent the past month doing it. In a little bit i'm gonna head over to the Mercury Lounge to see British Sea Power. Both the Walkmen and BSP are a couple of my favorite bands, but I'm just so fucking exhausted that I'm having a hard time totally enjoying myself. I need to get a good night's sleep tonight. Tomorrow I'm leaving for London for a week with Greg. I'm really excited about the trip but i'm worried i'm gonna exhaust myself. Sometimes I think I should save my vacation days for a tropical setting rather than an urban one ... but the men in london are too fucking cute to pass up sometimes. I'm gonna see a few shows, dance at a few clubs, make out with a few boys. It's gonna be fun. Drinks will be had. Oh yes, drinks will be had. To see me on Halloween dressed as Carlos D with Carlos D at Motherfucker, copy and paste this in your browser: http://sp.fotologs.net/users/u/l/t/r/a/g/ultragrrrl/my_photos/2003/11/01/1067745563.jpg or go to: urlLink http://www.fotolog.net/ultragrrrl/

 I'm DJing on New Years Eve In case you didnt hear me the first eight times, I'm DJing at Don Hills tomorrow for New Years Eve. It will be fun. The flyer is urlLink here . This is me DJing: Also, my new years resolution (aside from no longer doing blow off the bodies of under aged boys ... they will be 18 now!), is to listen to all the cds i get sent each day. At least two songs of each. And lucky for me, I decided to start this resolution today because the third CD i listened to was a band caleld urlLink Pitty Sing . HOLY SHIT. PITTY SING are awesome. . They sound like old U2 mixed with Suede or something. It was exactly what i wanted to hear. This is how my friend Greg described them: "Radio" woulda fit perfectly on the Breakfast Club soundtrack. Reminds me of Simple Minds with maybe a bit of early U2. They are good at what they do and I enjoyed it but only in an escapist sort of way. As James Murphy would say, "borrowed nostalgia for the unremembered 80's."

 Pre-Partying Rules! Electro Greg and urlLink Melody Nelson 's Audrey are having a soiree before Trash/Mofo. I'm so manically in love with Audrey. I need to be at this party so at the stroke of midnight I can make out with her.

 Nerve Personals About a year ago i started working on a feature for SPIN called "Rock Star Personals" where I had rockers fill out a profile for nerve.com to see what sort of response they'd get in the dating pool. Naturally, I wondered the same thing and joined as well. I'm constantly fascinated by the type of people who send me messages, and have even gone as far as to meet up with one or two of them (hey, i'm single and go through phases of hating that and loving that). Typically I leave the bar thinking "ahh... this is why they're single" and imagine that they're thinking the same thing about me. (Oh, but there was this one time when a boy was the spitting image of Ewan McGregor. He was hot.) I've come to realize that I am probably a lot more shallow when it comes to looks than I would've once liked to believe. I pretty much ignore most profiles where the person says they're a musician (if I wanted to date a musician, I really have no shortage of those outside my doorstep). I get a little embarrassed when people say they recognize me from TV. I like people who look like they suffer from drug addictions. Ideally I want to meet a jewish boy, but don't typically like the way jewish boys look (there are many exceptions, i know, but the typical jewish boy that would send me a response on nerve is the typical jewish boy i'd never date), so I tend to ignore those profiles as well. I am over dating older men, and almost over dating younger men. Basically, what I've come down to, is that I'm undatable. I'm easilycharmed.

 Holiday Sneer It's always funny to me when people wish me a merry Christmas. I mean, I can understand the whole holiday spirit and cheer and whatever, but the whole thing means nil to me. However, I did watch so many hours on the Discovery Channel about the life of Jesus, Mary, and everything else surrounding the New Testament that the Disocovery Channel could muster. I watched so many hours, in fact, that I had a dream last night that I was Mary, Noah (of the Arc), and Jesus rolled into one. For Xmas eve I went over to my friend Ridge's house in Queens. We watched Peanuts cartoons, Edward Scissorhands, and ate Jumbalya or whatever it's called/spelled. Afterwards I headed back into the city a little earlier than planned and had a quick drink with Marc. I also tried to climb into his suitcase so he could take me to Australia with him for when he goes to interview the Vines. As I was heading back home, my brother Lawrence called me just as I was driving past him on the street in my cab. I jumped out and joined him for a drink at some cheesy club that was hosting a Matzoh Ball. It was so incredibly lame (I yelled out "Sausage Fest!" as i walked in and got shot with dirty looks all around) that we left after 20 minutes. He headed off to the new Crobar and I went home. Apparently the Lubuvatch Organization were in their Mitzvah Mobile outside of Crobar trying to recruit new followers of the ultra-orthodox jewish cult-like group. When I was little my mom used to take me to visit Rabbi Schneerson (sp?) who is the person the Lubuvatch's look up to as a sort of profit. We'd wait in a long line in Brooklyn for hours and hours and walk up to him, hand him a dollar, he'd give us a blessed dollar in return, mumble something or another, and then we'd go off on our way. I was about 8 years old when we did this, so my memory is a bit cloudy... however, I'm sure he brought happiness to a lot of people. I'm just confused by what the Lubuvatch community is trying to do with their Mitzvah Mobiles... i should do some research. Speaking of Lawrence, he changed his friendster photo to images from high school. He was so fucking cute and new wave. urlLink Look! . Yesterday, for Xmas Day, Nate the fabulous Roommate, cooked an amazing meal for his bandmates. It looked amazing... I couldn't eat it cause it wasn't kosher, but basically it was chicken rolled with ricotta and feta cheese, mashed potatoes, and asparagus. Nate cooks! He's like the best boy in the whole world. He also got a Christmas tree for the apartment which he decorated with white lights and blue balls (to pay respect to Hannukah), and we made an angle for the top using an image of Thom Yorke i found in Blender magazine. After dinner I went to the movies with Karen and Jordan to see "Big Fish" (I was crying like a pms-ing girl who has just watched a Sally Struthers "kids in africa need your money" commercial at the end... not to mention squealing everytime Ewan came on screen). We all noticed Drew and Fab in line for popcorn behind us and so this prompted Jordan to ask quite loudly while we were sitting down "I THOUGHT DREW AND FAB WERE OVER?" not noticing them sitting two rows directly in front of us. God Bless Jordan for delivering the quote of the night. So Drew and Fab are back on! When I got home, after going to Lit, I watched the World Idol competition that i had taped while at the movies. I'm totally in love with urlLink Kurt from Norway 's performance. He was so utterly amazing. He sounded a lot like the singer of Kent. I think i'm gonna buy his album. urlLink Free Jack White items are for sale just in time for belated holiday gifts. Incase anyone is interested, i'm a women's medium. Thanks to Rachel for that link. Finally -- I'm DJing at Don Hills on New Years Eve. The party is apparently gonna be really great, so if anyone reading this needs something to do that night, you should go. Come and say hi to me if you do! I will probably be very drunk and possibly try to make out with you and then you'll also discover my inability to remember anything and total need to document everything with my digital camera as a result. I promise to also play "Ice Ice Baby."

 Jack White urlLink Jack White's Mug Shot. Everyone is pointing out that he looks like urlLink Michael Jackson . I think he looks hot. And what a suit! He's so good looking! It's such a great photo... I mean, it looks like it could've been taken for the cover of SPIN or something! He's so fucking smart. I mean, he know that this photo will be flashed around the media more than any other photo of him, so he's dressed so fucking well. So sharp. So perfect. Man-Beater or not... I fucking love him. Bon Joyage Many of my closest friends have gone away. Lizzy is in New Mexico, Vicki is going away til next year, and Marc is going to Australia, where he says, "i may never come back alive. especially if the rapping kangaroo steals my money and hops off into the outback."

 Vincent Gallo Chocolates! The man makes chocolates. Julie bought some for her dad. urlLink Buy some for yours.

 Drunk Girls Yesterday the fine people at Red Stripe sent me a case of their finest imported Jamaican beer. So I brought it home, called my friend urlLink Andy , and invited him over to enjoy the lager before heading out to meet up with urlLink Brian for some Kareoke at Lolita Tavern. Andy came over with his med school friend Jared. We sat around drinking, smoking, and talking about the Olsen Twins. Jared's family is born-again Christian and I learned that he kept Kosher and celebrates Passover. Like me, he thinks that Hannukah isn't as important of a holiday as the media would like us to think. Whatever, the festival of lights was important, but in the grand scheme of things, the holiday gets more attention than it should because it falls in the same month of Christmas. I think that in my 23 years of living, I got about 3 gifts on Hannukah, and it was all coincedental because my mom just likes to shop. Last weekend she bought me a new comforter and Ralph Lauren sheets... but only because she loves to shop, not because she was posing as Hannukah Harry. Anyway... on to the important stuff: After the three of us had a few drinks we headed over to Lolita Tavern to meet up with Brian and participate in some Sid and Buddy Kareoke. [By the way, i think S&B will be hosting the Aquarius Birthday Kareoke Bash that i'm having with urlLink Laura and Dan -- everyone is invited, of course]. Good times as usual. Jared joined me on stage to sing "Ziggy Stardust" ... I tried to serenade a drunk girl who was passed out, but even my off-key singing didnt wake her. So everyone posed with her. Eventually I woke her up (which took a lot of shaking, prodding, etc), helped her up, and told her that she had to go. Andy brought her some water, she drank it and ran out. We tried to find her to put her in a taxi, but she literally disappeared into the night. Vanished.

 Dear The Flu Dear The Flu, Thanks for coming just in time for the holiday party season. I know that you and God had to do it to prevent me from drinking too much and dying from alcohol posioning at the holiday party. That's cool. I can live with that. Instead I sat in bed thinking that all i needed were drops of zinc to cure me until I woke up on friday afternoon and texted Lizzy to come into my room to see if I had a fever since I couldn't move. Determining that I was burning up, she brought me some NyQuil and Orange Juice. Then Damon came over to give me Theraflu. At about 2am, Marc jumped into my bed and found me heating up and sweaty. The next morning I woke up healthy! See ya next year! Love, Sarah.

 Randomness I just got a random email from someone letting me know that Jaime Gleisher is also from Tenafly, NJ. Such a little hotspot. Know anyone else from Tenafly? Let me know. I probably went to school with them, got beat up by them, went to the prom with them, or my mom probably sold them their house. I think i'm gonna move back there.

 NEWS FLASH! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen are going to be attending NYU in the Fall! Dear NYU students... be on top of this.

 More updates I'm home sick and losing my mind. You know when I said that "Hey Ya!" was the best song that's been released in ages? When I say "ages" i mean, like, since last week. It's an INCREDIBLE song... but the other best song that i've heard in ages is Ryan Adams' "So Alive" and thanks to a urlLink Ypersound , I got to watch urlLink the Ryan Adams Video! My friend Raphael looks exactly like Ryan. It's so fucking scary.

 The OC vs. 90210 Tenafly, NJ is represented in both shows. Totally crazy! The OC's Tate Donovan and 90210's Mother of Brenda and Brandon Walsh = Tenafly kids. Now, all we need is for Mira Sorvino to find her place on a Fox Show and we can probably ask the people at Fox to donate some $$ to Tenafly High School. I think i have a really big massive crush on Seth Cohen.

 Scenes from a Birthday Party The following Quotes happened at Sarah Wilson's Birthday Extravaganza: "Which one of you posted that thing about Orlando Bloom being a bad fuck?" "That was Whatevs! Not me!" "I can't wait to update my blog!" "Do you think it's worse to be Jude Law's unattractive brother or sister?" "Sarah, please stop. Too much information!" "Do you have a blog too?" Quotes courtesey of: urlLink Jenny , Dan, Laura , David, and Me. I'm very sick today.

 Where is my Mind? I'm sort of obsessed, again, with urlLink Giant Drag . They're an LA duo that sound like a poppier version of Mazzy Star. So fucking good. Music on the website. So fucking good. Trust me. Anyway... on to a proper update: My mom called me on thursday night to tell me not to come home for Shabbat dinner on friday since she and my dad would be going to DC to visit my brother Albert, which marked my second consecutive Friday of missing Shabbat... which bums me out. The previous Friday i got snowed in. As urlLink Whatevs would say, no buzz. So friday night on my way home I bought a DVD player for $50 and $75 worth in DVDs, ordered some Zen Palate, and watched "Zoolander". No Drinking! It's amazing that the Olsen Twins movie, "When In Rome", really resembles the production value of a Cinemax porn. Exactly. Needless to say, I'm still obsessed with those two, and all siblings in general (Hiltons, Gallaghers, Greenwoods). Saturday night I went to the Snow Ball rock-critic party at Siberia. Drank a few drinks. And just spent 4 hours dancing to hip hop. Earlier in the night i went with urlLink Miss Modernage (who climbed out of her exile) to urlLink Jinner's birthday party. OK, I crashed it, and proceeded to eat all her fine chinese delicacies and hog the Kareoke machine with MM. You can see photos ... [photos have been taken down to protect the identity of MM.] No Buzz! On Sunday I took my 16 and 17 year old cousins to see urlLink My Chemical Romance , who were opening up for Mindless Self Indulgence. MCR's new songs are amazing, but the crowd wasn't buying what they were selling. At one point, Gerard the singer (who was decked out in corpse makeup), told the crowd to spit on him at the count of three... and they did. My poor cousin Eric was right up by the stage -- front and center -- and got hit a bit. It was shocking to see how much spit was flying through the air. The opening band was called Tub Ring, and while I was in MCR's dressing room (which they shared with TR), catching up, the singer of TR asked the room "What's cooler than being cool?"... which the room replied "ICE COLD!" and then everyone started singing "Hey Ya!" I asked one of the TR guys if they were gonna cover that song and he said, sort of in a mocking way, "Yeah, we always cover songs that are sung in the dressing room five minutes before show time." I was like "dick." But then they did! Geezus, if that isn't the best song of the past five years... MSI was one of the craziest bands I've seen in a long time. Holy crap. It was like industrial mixed with hip hop mixed with punk. Their EP gives me a bit of a headache, but the show was fucking awesome. Their fans dress like they've raided a Hot Topic tho. I was about to say that I had no booze on Sunday, but i remembered that i went to see Carlos DJ at Black & White afterwards and he gave me a drink ticket. I contemplated my drink selection for a long time before settling on what I thought would make me the least ill. I'm such a hooker: I ordered a Sea Breeze. Last night I went to Webster Hall to see Placebo and sadly missed stellastarr*, but I heard that they actually were better than Placebo. I have to say, i was a bit underwhelmed by the show. It was my ninth or tenth time seeing Placebo, and I just found the new songs a bit boring live, and that's like 85% of what their live set is made up of. Plus, the sound was bad no matter where I was standing (too bassy on stage left, too empty towards the back). When I went to see Echo and the Bunnymen at Webster Hall it was like I was blanketed by the music and light show. Not so much with Placebo. They did cover "Where Is My Mind?" which was awesome. I must say that Placebo's first two albums are among my all time favorites. The after party was pretty dead and drinks were really pricey (thankfully, two drinks were purchased for me... I had two drinks). My friend Scott kept on freaking out by how much I resemble Brian Molko. The resemblance is totally fucking uncanny, even I get a bit freaked out. Speaking of freaking out, i totally, and inexplicably freaked out on my brother after the show when he laid down the smallest of guilt trips (being the jew that he is, he didnt even notice that he was guilt tripping, and still denies it). But anyway, the freakout was totally uncalled for and I felt totally bad. I don't handle guilt well at all, it keeps me from sleeping at night. Back to Placebo... I was hanging out with my friend Jess and we were super pleased to hear "Bionic" and danced around like retards (ok, only me). Stefan the bassist wins the coveted "Gayest Dancer of 2003" award for his interpretive dance to "Taste In Men." So gay. Brian momentarily turned into MC Molko in the beginning of the set and uttered things like "What's up New York Citeeee?!" I also met some people who said they read my blog. That was so fucking awesome! Fuck, this blog update has been boring as fuck. Sorry if you got this far. Tonight is Sarah Wilson's birthday party. I will drink. And then hate myself in the morning. Just you watch!

 Jude fLAWless Thanks to urlLink Karen for the subject heading idea.

 Holy Fucking Shit You all might want to stop talking any smack on Jack White when you see what he did to Jason Von Bondies: link from urlLink whatevs

 Jeeebus! Tonight was the Jew Wave party that me and Marc decided to throw. Holy crap, was that fun. Thanks to everyone who came. Thanks to everyone I made out with (some of those photos are posted on my friendster page). I walked around with mistle toe hanging from my hat. Pretty much the only people who got only a peck on the cheek were people I work with (apart from Marc who gave me full tongue). Tracey brought her dog. Jeanann cheered people on. Doug cut his hair. Justin licked my face, a lot. Sera and Eleni came from LA. Me and Vicki took the best photo ever. Saddam came. I showed up late. Danced on a table. An angel grew wings. Marcus came from Tenafly. Karen came from Mars. New-Ben's face is probably covered with my spit. Rob wore the PRML SCRM shirt i first met him in. Danielle and Daniel make me smile. Carlos met Bowie. Greg is Nelson Mandella. Marc has more xmas music than a jew should. My metal/goth/extremo side project will be named: Call Me Morbid, Call Me Pale My emo side project will be named: Her Daily Obsession. check out the flyer for the party on new years eve! i've never seen my name printed so big! ever!

 For the Party Tonight Hey! Please bring a canned good with you tonight if you can. We're trying to help fix everyone's karma by collecting food for the under privileged.

 New Years Eve Incase you need to make plans for New Years, here's a hot-shit-party going on that I happen to be DJing! Come and see who I'll be drunkingly making out with. Maybe It'll be you!: DJ JESS & ALEX MALFUNCTION present T R A S H ! NEW YEARS EVE Midnight Countdown & 3AM Burlesque Show From The Girls Of urlLink BURNINGANGEL.COM Midnight & 3AM Open Bar From urlLink GRAYKANGAROO.COM (Uh oh. Open bar.) Live Performances By urlLink T H E F E V E R 1am NYC's favorite party band. Oh Oh Oh... urlLink MADISON STRAYS 12am They're like Psychedellic Furs, but with the very awesome Alex Chow. urlLink THE FLESH 11pm You will want to dance and make out with the keyboardist. urlLink BASTION 10pm Joy Division-ish hotness. urlLink THE NEW YEARS 9pm Dude, they're first, but they're awesome. DJs JESS, MALFUNCTION, & U L T R A G R R R L newave.rawknroll.britpop.sixties.punk.indie 9PM Doors $10 21+ @ DON HILL'S 511 Greenwich St Corner Of Spring St Visit urlLink TrashNYC urlLink Don Hills

 A Missed Connection My brother was carjacked by four girls on saturday night who held him by boob-point and forced him to take them to a party and partake in their Hilton-esque evening. Please check out the missed connection he posted and help a brother out. urlLink Click Here.

 PARTY TIME! Me and urlLink Marc Spitz are having a ghetto'd holiday party at Lotus Cafe. I dont think there will be any free drinks, but we'll be DJing. The following was written by Marc, so please don't think i refer to myself in the third person. WHAT: Sarah and Marc's Jew Wave X-Mas Party WHY: Cause the Spin/Vibe Party is not open to the public. And it's really just a Vibe party that SPIN staffers are allowed to crash. WHERE: Lotus Cafe on Clinton & Stanton cause apparently you can smoke there w/o too much problem. WHEN: 9PM Till Whenever. Monday, December 14. WHY SHOULD I COME? MARC AND SARAH ANNOY ME: Remember on "Do They Know It's Christmas" when Simon Le Bon sang "There's a world outside your window. And it's a world of dread and fear." And Sting came in and sang "Where the only water flowing is the bitter Sting of tears..." Remember how cool you thought it was that Sting was singing the word "Sting?" Well if you don't anymore, because this crazy business of rock has diminished your Christmas spirit, you will cause we're gonna fuckin' play it... loud. As well as other holiday favorites and... Pulp and Joy Division. There may very well be drinks provided for Spin staff. There will definitely be good cheer and Bing Crosby/David Bowie style harmony for all to enjoy. Also, every time Ultra dances on a table, an angel gets its wings!!!!!!!

 Hilarious! urlLink Good kitty

 So Totally Awesome Paris is changing her image .

 Blog of the Century The blog of urlLink Blanket Jackson His legs were shaking, but he steadied himself and walked across the room to a statue of Apollo, flipped open its marble head, and pressed a keypad hidden in its neck. Sirens went off. The sound of deadbolts locking echoed throughout the room, and great mechanical noises came through the window. In the distance, a hippo lowed.

 Party Hard! urlLink This is absolutely the best thing I've seen all week.

 Marc helps with my memory Markyspin: it's Nikki Sixx you tardo that refers to the post below.

 Photos The urlLink photos are working now, btw. In case you were trying.

 Keep Running Up that Hill Placebo's cover of "Running Up that Hill" by Kate Bush is really good, and I'm sort of really upset that I can't find it on iTunes, and I have no idea which song I should buy from her. I really like the original of this song -- and now it appears that I've maxed out my credit card and can't buy anymore songs. urlLink Marc is gonna lend me a copy of The Kick . Speaking of Marc, urlLink Suicide Girls have posted an urlLink interview with him that was surprisingly interesting to me, even though I know a lot about him already. My memory is truely a fucking piece of garbage. It's useless. I've willingly destroyed every last memory cell in my brain and I regret it. However, I can't say that I'm going to do anything to fix that. I sometimes feel like the guy from Motley Crue who overdosed (and technically died) from heroin, was revived and left the hospital only to do the biggest dose of heroin he'd ever done in his life. He learned nothing. And just like that guy from Motley Crue -- the one whose name i forget because of my brain crippling habits -- i've learned nothing. I think that sometimes i'd rather forget than remember. I remember dreams better than reality sometimes. For instance, when I was 12 i had a dream that aliens landed in my backyard and turned it all into lava (i had a gigantic back yard when i was little with a tennis court and a pool and i was always fearful that aliens were gonna land on my tennis court -- i'm not joking. and there was this endless expanse of woods behind my house that i figured was a perfect place to land a ufo). In this dream they did some pirated tv broadcast and decided to air a game show that showed my brother urlLink Albert surf boarding on the lava. I will never forget this dream. What I did in the month of August, however, well, I have this blog to remind me. I was looking through the archeives and thinking "whoa, i saw elefant dj this summer? whoa, I had a party?" Shit like that. Anyway... Sunday and Monday were both sober nights for the most part. Last night i had half a beer. urlLink Elizabeth's best friend from growing up, urlLink Ariel , came over for dinner. Lizzy made us Fajitas and it was the first time I hung out with Lizzy for more than 20 minutes since forever. At 11pm I was in bed and watching the "Daily Show" and learning about politics. It's sad when the only news I get is from Comedy Central and the urlLink New York Post . Every once in a while I'm temped to read something a bit more substatial, but I think I might have Adult ADD like those commercials I keep seeing will lead me to believe. Everything happens in spurts. I pick up the phone and forget who I meant to call. I turn around and forget why I was even standing up. So unless my news can come in something short, simple, and to the point, i fear that i'm doomed. Jude Law is stunning. I found a photo of him while downloading information into my brain. It was from the New York Post. I cut it out and taped it to my desk. Now, whenever I need inspiration I just look at him with his eyes and big non-british smile. I think: this man should be the father of my children. He's got like, 40 kids already, what's one more? Seriously, if I pulled a gwynnie with Jude, I wouldn't drink, smoke, or eat poorly for NINE MONTHS. I would do this with my other non-Jude children as well, i think. I dont want to be stuck with no "Geek Love" babies. Chuck called me his own personal Hilton sister. That was the best compliment of my life. Chuck is sick and I hope he gets well soon. Speaking of the Hilton Sisters, i totally forgot to watch "Simple Life" last night. I think i was so distracted by Lizzy's cooking (and doing my best to make sure that the food was prepared relatively kosher). urlLink Vicki and I decided that Paris Hilton is the ultimate democrat. Most democrats (often characterized by their forward thinking) would be less democratic about the people they sleep with. But not Paris. Paris will sleep with anyone of any sex, race, and socio-economic background. She's an equal opportunist and not even in an insincere affirmative action kind of way. She's sincerely this way. Democrats could only wish that they were as forward thinking as she is. Thank you Chris Clark for this amazing urlLink link : Dominic Simler, 30 years old, a managing director at 02Live (a corporation that sells Oxygen Terminals), and probably one hell of an alcoholic, has invented a device called AWOL (Alcohol Without Liquid). The device allows the user to mix alcohol and pure oxygen, getting the user drunk immediately and according to him, nixxing any hangover. The Phantom Planet album just gets better and better every time I listen to it. Because of that... An Open Letter to the Person Who Introduced Phantom Planet to Better Music To Whomever It May Concern: Thank you for lending the band Phantom Planet some good music. Maybe you accidently left your ipod at one of their houses and like, you're totally pissed cause they never returned it to you, and you probably had to buy a new ipod (which was so worth it anyway, cause you probably only had the 10 gig version while the 30 and 40 gig versions are so much better and cost the same as the 10 gig one did 2 years ago) -- but think about it -- because you did that, their new album is retarded amounts of good. This album makes me want to return TOTALLY to the days when I'd get really, really, really drunk and make out with boys who may or may not have been in bands and never return home until 4am on weeknights. For that, I thank you. Love, Sarah Lewitinn

 No drinks, thanks! I haven't had a drink in two days. Maybe three? Tonight I'm drinking. I can't help it. I hate to drink. I really do... but like, the beer fairy said that he's gonna kill my friends if I stop drinking. Ack! I added a photos page thing. You'll find it on the right column. Or urlLink here.

 FYI My photo with Ewan McGregor (which I can't put up here cuase it's going in the mag) looks a bit like this, cept we look less post coital and ewan looks more emo: Whoa, Hotness thanks to urlLink whatevs for this.

 You Know Yer Indie. Let's Sub-Categorize. Test. As if I needed a urlLink QUIZ to tell me this: You're a Post-Punk. You know 70s punk was cool, but it was mostly just a stepping stone for the greater intellectualism of what would come after. The 80s were amazing. You quite possibly have huge hair, and may wear lots of black. Snare drums need reverb. Lots and lots of reverb. urlLink You Know Yer Indie. Let's Sub-Categorize. brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Hush Hush, keep it down now, voices carry Julian and Regina Spektor are like, dating. Chris and Gwen are like, married. Fab and Drew are like, taking a break. You're going to be tested on this tomorrow.

 Threats! Markyspin: just fucking do it or i'll make you pay Ultragrrrl: yo, i'm working. leave me alone. Markyspin: pay! the lights will go out and then they'll come back on again and your boobs will be missing. and by the time you realize you've been hit by a smooth criminal, i'll be down in mexico selling them on the beach. I'm seeing Simon and Garfunkle tonight. I'm very, very, incredibly wealthy. I roll around in gigantic rooms filled with $100 bills like Scrooge Mc.Duck in "Duck Tales" the TV show. This is how afforded my ticket to tonight's show.

 Paint it Old Imagine waking up to this in the morning and thinking: "I just fucked a man who is a god and also older than God." thanks urlLink Stereogum for the photo!

 Awwww! Just got this bit of info from Kiran: "Have you heard urlLink Drew and urlLink Fab broke up? my brit connection just said it's all the news over there."

 By the Way... The new urlLink Vines album, Winning Day is actually really great. I am slightly addicted to a song called "TV Pro" -- which is totally psychedellic and trippy and rocking all at the same time and sort of makes me want to dance naked around a bonfire. The chorus is "Ahahaha a ha!" and "Dada da da da da da da da da da". My copy is computer protected and watermarked and says my name on it -- which means I can't share it. Sorry.

 Painfully Funny urlLink Brian put up a sneak peak of his European Gay Vacation. Hilarious homoerotic clips of the travellers scaring Grant over and over and over again. It brought a tear to my eye. urlLink Watch it Now! BTW, this weekend I sat around a lot and didnt move. Watched more VH1 on Friday and Saturday with Vicki than i ever did in my entire life. On saturday Japser from the Sounds called me to invite me to some loft party and me and vicki just sat on the couch the whole time singing along to VH1 Classics and avoiding all human interaction. "Can't talk -- tv on. Humans bad. TV good."

 Mazel Tov! Chris and Gwen are now Mr. and Mrs. Martin. Horay!

 Pretty Girl... urlLink Audrey turned me onto the x-mas track Fiona Apple did for her label. urlLink Here she is covering "Frosty the Snowman" and sound a LOT like Edith Piaf. So fucking stunning.

 Snow Day! I love when it snows so much that it's ok for me to just stay home and watch tv. Vicki came over and we had a very VH1 evening. First was Zoolander followed by about 3 hours of VH1. "Before They Were Rockstars" followed by "Super Secret TV Formulas." The snow is so daunting. No thank you.

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY LAWRENCE! Today is my brother Lawrence's birthday. He's having a birthday party tomorrow night at Lit (on 2nd ave) and he wants everyone to come. It's from 7-9. It will be fun. I will be drunk. I will be dancing on the tables. I met Ewan last night. He touched me. I touched him. We took a photo together. We are in love. I also won cause i declined the offer for an open bar. I saw a couple humping on a couch. I saw guys beating each other up. I had dinner with my family. This was a typical night for me.

 HOLY SHIT! LAST NIGHT I MET EWAN MCGREGOR! EWAN! EWAN! more to come... including photo!

 test out your skill with lyrics. urlLink click here

 I think this is the most common IM/email/response i've been getting to that Phantom Planet album (which is to say... i've gotten close to 25 responses): "why did a shitty band like phantom planet have to make such a good record? i feel like a tool saying 'hey have you heard the new phantom planet' " its the perfect mix of the strokes, blur, guided by voices and reggae.

 This site looks seriously gay. Could someone please give me a new template to use that looks less homorific? I have no idea how to make a template.

 urlLink click here for single of the week.

 Mary-Kate Olsen's new boyfriend is the son of Hollywood producer Katezenberg (of Dreamworks SKG), which would make make MKO Jewish by penetration .

 OK, so the show i was on was called "Because I Said So" and it's on Star TV? or Chum? Whoa. I was so nervous i was gonna puke. It was a live to tape tv show much like "Tough Crowd" ... i felt like a deer in headlights. I did give props to Thom Yorke and I called Justin Timberlake a God. Canadians are so nice.

 I guess Chris and Gwen decided to take practicing making babies to the next level. urlLink Gwenny is preggers. My friend Ron is taking me to a party on Thursday for that movie Big Fish and Ewan McGregor is supposed to be there. I'm gonna wear a tshirt that says "EWAN: PUT BABY HERE" with an arrow pointing at my belly. Last night I went to Ben's house to watch "Simple Life" with urlLink Lindsay and Jay after I DJed for some VH1 thing. Ben was nice enough to Divo it for me (Divo is what i'm calling Digital tv's version of tivo). I love Paris. I dont know about all those haters out there, but there is some sublime genius to taking high heeled shoes to a farm. Also, Nicole Richie, God bless her. I've never seen a girl so intent on sex in my life. She's why women saught sexual liberation. I'm in Toronto today. It's so fucking cold and it took me forever to find a sushi restaurant that would deliver to the hotel... but man, was it worth it! This sushi is awesome. Last but not least, the absolutely stunning urlLink Mary-Kate Olsen (of Olsen Twins fame). Link via urlLink Whatevs . I've been obsessed with the Olsen Twins for like, 5 years.

 Here's a nice mash up of MJ's "Rock with You" and "Under Pressure" : urlLink iliketofucklittleboys

 all the cool kids are doing it these days: VICE Records announces: Wanna be an extra in The Stills music video???? Be a part of the video for the next single Lola Stars and Stripes Tomorrow! Wednesday December 3rd in New York City For more info call Paladino Casting at (212) 228-5500 ASAP to register. Look out for The Stills playing on Last Call with Carson Daly on the new airdate Wednesday December 10!

 Last night I saw the last installment of Lord of the Rings. It was really fucking great. Holy shit fight scenes. I'd see it again in a heartbeat. I want a gigantic 4 tusked elephant to ride. If that cant happen, i'd willingly trade the elephants for Orlando Bloom.

 urlLink Watch show clips from the Simple Life . The last clip up there -- the one of them working at Sonic Burger -- makes me think they're actually geniuses.

 download the album here: urlLink clickmemotherfuckercauseirule . the album is like new blur and the fall and everything wonderful. they're competing with ryan adams for the award of "band/artist that sarah didnt really like before -- cept for a song or two -- that she now totally loves."

 Holy shit?! How fucking great is that Vh1 "Big In 2003" Awards show? It's the best awards show i've ever seen i think. Totally fucking retarded in every which way. Fan-fucking-tastic. I forget what my last posting was about, but Thanksgiving was fantastic incase I didnt mention it before. My uncle and aunt came over with their granddaughter who is so adorable, i want to eat her up. One and a half years old and already counting, singing the alphabet, and totally socialized. Such a great little girl. I want to plant one in my belly. Must stop drinking if i choose to do that. Oh the horror! However, I think that because i was so hungover from the night before, i had one sip of champagne before wanting to hurl. Andre 3000 is the future. No joke. Friday I met up with Ben C after shabbat dinner in Englewood. Nice to see a friend of mine from the city in my home turf. Ben is fun. Afterwards I went to Iggys on the upper east side to meet up with two of my oldest friends, Allison and Rema. I hadnt seen either of them in a couple of years and it was so nice seeing them and having a totally comfortable chemistry. I performed "Living on a Prayer" with Rema and had a drink or two, which eased my nerves on my horrible tone-deafness. I decided to liven our act a bit by jumping up on a pool table in front of me. Unfortunately i'm really really short and totally ate it butsting up my leg. It was totally fucking awesome. I rolled over on my back and managed to stand up and sing and dance on the pool table. Tables dont stand a chance with me, ever. "Hello Mr. Table. I've had a couple of drinks and so now i'm going to stand on you because this seems like the right thing to do and i'm also very short and the only way people will be able to see me is if i gain a few feet. Thank you Mr Table. You're so kind. Let's fuck." The next morning I got up super early to have brunch with Sydney, Allison and Syd's boyfriend Brett at that Essex place on Essex. Sydney and Allison were practically my sisters growing up. It was like being back in time or something. So fucking great. Cramed in a mimosa and a half, which sounds like a lot for breakfast, but it's better than my typical 4 mimosa minimum. Afterwards I went to see a movie with Ben and a couple of his friend. We saw The Triplets of Belleville and then i saw a heart shaped cloud in the sky. No joke. Later that night I went to meet up with Dalia, who is one of my best friends and I've known her since i was 6 or 7. I hadnt seen her in a year because everytime she's in the city (she's attends school in boston) she goes to super pretentious clubs and bars with her other friends. While she invites me, I just don't feel really comfortable at those bars, can't afford them, and boys aren't trying to buy me drinks like they are her and her other friends -- hopefully because i'm a bit too downtown for them and not because i'm like totally ugly. I finally managed to get Dalia to come to one of my watering holes and she totally loved it. She thought Lit was very hippy-esque -- which is hilarious to me -- and made her feel like she was in a Doors movie. The thing about Dalia is that she can't walk down the street without attracting attention. She's gorgeous like Jessica Simpson style (only more petite), and black men LOVE HER. She could be the new star of the Black People Love Us website. All men love her and she's totally fucking out of her mind. It's amazing. Some guy pushed me when he was racing down the street and she tried starting a fight with him. So great. At Lit, I only had ONE drink and Brian managed to snap a picture up my skirt. It looks like abstract art, not like the view to kill he was hoping for. I guess that's thanks to the red tights and GIGANTIC ASS. Also, Ben and co. came to meet up. His friend Natalka has awesome hair, and his friend Jay looks like Ryder Strong. I feel like Topanga. Today was urlLink Brian day. We went to brunch, the movies, he then brought me home and showed me pictures of Grant's balls in a site update preview. Brian should model, no joke. Then Vicki came over and we ate and watched TV. No booze today! Motherfucker Fun (courtesy of urlLink Andy ): Me and Raphael. Raph believes that if you look directly at the camera, it will steal your soul. This is why he's never looking at the camera, ever. Me and Andy. It looks like I'm holding on for dear life. I probably was. Brian thinks that Andy is a dead ringer for Edward Norton.

 HOLY SHIH-TZU I went home last night for shabbat dinner at my parent's house. It was nice and uneventful as usual. I mean, save for the extra dose of jewish guilt my mom laid on me for not wanting to spend the night -- i just can't sleep in that house without waking up in the worst mood ever. Also, when i walked in my mom started grilling me for apparently smelling like alcohol. She wouldnt leave me alone until i raised my leg higher than i have since quitting gymnastics as a tot and made her smell my jeans. I was like "listen, momizzle, i haven't watched these jeans in like, 3 weeks. they smell like booze because they're drenched in it." She winced and said "you should really wash your jeans." And then my dog bit my face. My dog, Maxine, is a 15 year old blind shih-tzu. As I was leaving the house my mom picked her up so i could kiss her goodbye. I love her to death (my parents got her for me for my 9th birthday). Anyway, I kissed her and she didnt do anything, but she's so cute that I had to kisser her again and, POW, she freaked out and bit my nose. I grabbed it and gasped. This is the second time she's ever bit my face (the first time she ripped open my lip and i had to go to the hospital), and so I was a bit used to it. However, for some strange reason my eyes started gushing tears as blood started flowing to the floor. It didnt hurt tho. Lucky for me, I love scars. I just wish these scars were more like, on my cheek or something in a Tina Fey kind of way. Insead they're like, deep scars on the sides of my nose that make me look like even more of a drunk than i already am. If anyone asks, I got beat up.

 VICIOUS HANGOVER If any of you are like me, you have NO IDEA WHATSOEVER as to who is playing the Superbowl. I think the Dolphins might be, but i'm not quite sure there's even a team called the Dolphins. But I love watching the game cause I love the commercials ... so anyway, if you're looking for something else to do, come to this afternoon/brunch/superbowl party I'm DJing with the Stills: Sunday February 1st :: from 4 to 8 PM @ Pianos upstairs melodynelson.com & jenyk/dot/com present THE DAY AFTER monthly Sunday afternoon party Guest DJ's: The Stills, Ultragrrrl, Greg K food and drinks Super Bowl on big screen TV FREE COVER! This will be the inaugural day of a monthly event that will change the way you think about Sunday afternoons. Imagine hanging out in your living room with your friends, but your living room is Pianos upstairs, and your friends are rock star DJ's spinning your favorite tunes. Brunch and drinks will be served. There is no cover. Upcoming Day Afters will feature indie film short screenings, art/photo exhibits, acoustic sets by your favorite bands, and more celebrity DJ's than you can shake a martini toothpick at. All brought to you by the folks that brought you VICIOUS - melodynelson.com and jenyk/dot/com PS - i'm just super excited to play songs that dont need to make people dance.

 BEEEOTCH Not entirely worksafe, but urlLink totally awesome . By the way, does the Franz Ferdinand album ever get boring? Even when i'm not physically listening to it, I'm thinking about it.

 BRING IT BACK DOWN BRING IT BACK DOWN TONIGHT. DOO DOO DOO! Ok, i'm about to go to bed, but before i do: I saw urlLink The Killers tonight and they fucking owned . So good despite the technical difficulties at the beginning. PLUS! they dedicated a song ("On Top Now") to me. So hot. And as urlLink Whatevs would say, so best.

 Things that Shouldn't Make You Laugh urlLink But will.

 BIRTHDAY PARTY! If you wanna go, you gotta RSVP.

 ATTENTION MUSICIANS I just got this in my email, so i know just as much about this as you do. Here is a summary of the Guerrilla Video project: GV pairs cutting edge indie film directors with hot bands, gives them a limited budget and time period and films the process of them making a video. We have an awesome list of indie directors and some great bands but we are still looking for musical artists to include in the project before we pitch it to broadcasters. Any ideas are much appreciated. N -- Nicole Page Director of Feature Development Engel Brothers Media www.ebmedia.com (T) 212-413-9200 x9244 (F) 212-413-9201 or 509-463-4537 (eFax account) (E) nicole@ebmedia.com 535 Eighth Avenue, 19th Floor New York, NY 10018

 NUSE urlLink One of the better bands you'll ever hear is releasing their amazing album in the next six weeks domestically! horay! Warner Brother Records wised up and signed the band. Realizing that kids are buying out all the imports of Absolution , the label decided to release it asap.

 HO-FUCKING-RAY! I'm finally drunk. Do you have any idea how long I've waited for this? I dont think so. I was at Don Hill's tonight for the Plus One party. Plus One is a management company that my friend Jonathan Kaplan started after finding a lot of success with stellastarr* and other projects he was working with. Sadly, I missed stellastarr*s secret show tonight, but i managed to catch all my friends who came out to support. I'm drunk right now by the way. Ok. Right. So, i danced. The boyfirends came out. I was dancing with Greg when my brother sauntered over to us and said "make room for the holy ghost!" ... I guess he felt like we were dancing a bit too close. Thankfully he wasnt there when Greg the boyfriend undid my bra while he was hugging me as i bought a drink -- before i could say "Hello! i'm a pious one!" Tonight was fun. I dance with Rob Sheff, Ali, and Raph a bunch. My head is spinning right now so it's hard to think right. Oh, i forgot to mention that i had this great conversation with Justine and Greg about band we love and stuff. Most interestingly was our conversation about bands we met that we wish we didnt. It's the sort of thing I constantly think of in my job. But really, whom am i kidding? I also went to see "Win A Date With Tad Hamilton" today with the prettiest girl in nyc, victoria. I think Vicki managed to get the entire theatre riled up with her running commentary. Seriously, the only person to see a movie with this winter is Victoria. Someone asked me if this film was good and i was like "bring vicki and it will be the best movie you've ever seen." OK, head spinning too mcuh. Must sleep. Nighty night. Mmmm... Franz Ferdiand are still good.

 AWESOME I just found this: Movie Based on Tenafly Sony Pictures is presently shooting a light comedy called "13 Going on 30" starring Jenifer Garner. Tenafly was used as its setting. The name "Tenafly" has been changed to "Tamarak". Movie to be released in Fall. TENAFLY IS THE SHIT, BINATCH.

 BABY'S GOT THE BENS Last night was Doug Brod's birthday party [ok, i'm totally interrupting this entry because i'm watching "Best Week Ever" on VH1 and it's making me so fucking happy -- think i love the 80s, but for last week -- which translates into the greatest crack britney spears' money can buy] which we celebrated at CB's with an open bar, rock bands, and the wheels of steel manned by urlLink Marc Spitz . I started dancing when he dropped the Hives and managed to find myself surrounded by people when "Hey Ya!" came on. I also gave Lizzy a lapdance when he started playing "Closer" by NIN. I arrived a bit late and brought my own booze even though there was an open bar. Four beers in and I still wasn't drunk. I was buzzed, but not drunk. I lost my balance a few times, but really, that was only because i was wearing platform boots. You know what I found out that was really awesome? Doug is a really awesome dancer! Also, i found out that there's such a thing as psychedellic hip hop and Alex P promised to recommend some songs to me to check out. I had a really fun time and ended up staying really late with Caryn chatting with Ben Kweller and his bassist Josh -- who were both super nice. I then went to Lit to find my friends Eve, Jenny, Dan, and Rob, but wasn't so successful since I kept from going downstairs -- which is probably where they were. I managed to find the boyfriends, Greg and Raphael (actually, the moment I walked into the bar Raph and I spotted each other and we didnt even say hello as much as sang/acted out the song "Tainted Love" to each other since it was playing, hugged, and then walked alway). I ended up running into another Ben, whom I alerted, looks exactly like Diego from Y Tu Mama Tam Bien (sp?) -- well at least the photo of him in the new issue of Details. Diego that is, not Ben. I started blabbering endlessly about being a Jew and wanting to marry a Jew one day and having babies, and then digressed into how i just can't get enough of the british boooooooys. "I wanna breed!" i yelled at one point. I wonder if i was feeling jewish guilt for not being at home for shabbat -- but it wasn't my fault -- my mom's still in Miami. I drank another beer -- which equals 5 beers, and never got drunk. Infact, i got sober WHILE drinking. This is such bullshit. I didn't even eat that much yesterday. The only thing I can think of that might've been off was drinking a Red Bull. Still, I call bullshit. I'm not sure who or what i call bullshit on, but I call bullshit. Is it wrong that i find Ben Affleck very clever and funny and not so bad? I also really like Ashton Kutcher quite a bit. Radio 4's "Dance to the Underground" was just used in a Mitsubishi commercial. That's awesome for them! THE JAPANESE ARE CRAZY They are. urlLink Here , urlLink here , urlLink here , and urlLink here . It sort of reminds me of that Nintendo movie starring Ben Savage and that Robin Williams movie TOYS where they had kids play war games to become better killing machines.

 CONFIRMED! Franz Ferdinand WILL actually save your life. I'm still in the office, it's nearly 10pm, but i cant stop listening to the Franz album and fear what might happen when it stops playing. fuck.

 DONT YOU KNOW YOU'VE GOT YOUR DADDY'S EYES AND SARAH IS AN ALCOHOLIC Last night I did two things that are very out of character for me: 1. Attended a Starsailor show. 2. Arrived somewhere EARLY. First off, i've often told my friends that I would throw myself out the window of my office if i ever had to hear starsailor's "alcoholic" song ever again. Second of all, i'm late to everything. I can't help it. I could be going to my neighbor's house and i'd show up a half hour late. But anyway, i blame the two above things on urlLink Laura and Jason Roth. For one thing, Jason made it so that the only way Laura could go see Starsailor (a band she loves) was if she was my plus one. Because I love Laura (and because she does the math for me whenever i need to save my money since i'm jew... but i do the driving) I agreed. I met up with Laura before the show for dinner at Zen Palate with her friends Nick and Ben who are in a band called urlLink Surefire . Nick and Ben are both in high school. Get your hands off my teenagers, motherfucker. The Surefire boys wanted to get to the show early, and well, I had nothing better to do in the bitter cold, so I went with them. Plus, they said that a guy named urlLink Johnathan Rice was going to open and I remember Stephen telling me really good things about him. So I went. And Johnathan came out on stage and before I set my eyes on him I turned to Laura and commented on how he sounded like Ryan Adams mixed with Chris Martin. So I got up on a chair to get a better look and nearly fell off with shock. Johnathan looked exactly like my very own mail-order teenaged scottish boyfriend Barry (who is now 20 and no longer unique... kidding). Turns out, Johnathan was also 20 and scottish. I wonder if the two of them know each other. He lives in Williamsburg now, so not likely. Already Laura and Jason were saying "see! aren't you happy you came to the show tonight?!" OK, i confess, i was. Ever since I got Laura the ticket to the show (by the way, she totally let me take her home last night -- oooh the things we did!) I promised Laura that I'd hurl a beer bottle at Starsailor if they started playing "Alcoholic." Second song in, they did. My first reaction was to crash my head into the table and laugh maniacally. After I did that i looked for a beer bottle, found none, buried my head, and laughed. I think i went into psycho mode cause i started singing along really loudly and out of tune. Sarah Wilson's friend Terry turned to me and said "whoa! is this your favorite song?" HA! So thankfully that song passed through my system early in the night. And thankfully for the band I didnt have a beer bottle to throw at them. After a while I found myself actually enjoying the show -- which i'd like to blame on the absolutely great hypnotic light show. You know when you're like a six year old japanese kid watching an anime cartoon and you fall into seizure cause the light and animation is so fast but you cant take your eyes off the screen? That totally happened to me. I found myself singing along to "Good Souls" and screaming with joy when James the singer said "there's a band here called Surefire that you should all check out on sunday at Sin-e." how fucking sweet? Basically i arrived at the show ready to kill, and left a fan. Strange how that happens. LEND ME SOME CHARLIE BROWN SUGAR, I AM YOUR NEIGHBOR! urlLink So fucking cute. I'M SO DRUNK THAT I DONT MIND IF YOU KILL ME You know how the NME said that Franz Ferdinand would change our lives and we all laughed and threw the NME across the room and said "what a bunch of fucking retarded monkey people!" Well, you know what? Fucking shit, they might've been right. If the Strokes wrote this album we'd all be too busy jacking off with excitement and joy to stand up and go to work and our economy would go down so quickly that another world war would end up getting started THANKS TO FRANZ FERDINAND AGAIN! . Jordan the hot almost-teenaged breakfast clubber from Detroit said that Pulp's "Common People" will be the favorite song of the girl he falls in love with. I would like to trump Mr. Silver and say that the favorite band of the boy I fall in love with will be Franz Ferdinand. This month at least.

 OUR FUTURE PRESIDENT Poor Howard Dean. Right now the offices of SPIN are sound polluted with yelling of Mr. Dean. It's deafening. A page featuring about 20 remixes of Dean's motivational yelping was passed around the office, and now i'm passing it over to you. urlLink Check it . You NEED to download the Immigrant song remix as if your life depended on it.

 1,2,3,4 ... OUTKAST GONE HEEB urlLink A hooked nosed version of my favorite song in the past five years. YOU BETTER WATCH OUT HULK! DEAN IS COMING!!!! Thanks to Kris and WilliamTell for those!

 THANK GOD! Now i'll urlLink be cleared for all that internet porn i've been viewing. ATTENTION READERS Nevermind.

 HORAY FOR EARS! HORAY FOR EYES! First off, urlLink Franz Ferdinand are the fucking shit. i just went to see them tonight and spent the entire dancing and jumping up and down with my brother Lawrence. I couldnt take it anymore, i seriously had to give myself a time out for a moment and have the following conversation with... myself: "there's not enough room for you to dance where you're standing." "yeah, you're right. so try to move a bit. that should sort you out." "true, but wouldnt it be so much cooler if you GOT UP ON STAGE and danced? like, the crowd could reallly use a cheerleader. they're moving, but you know you want to get up on that stage and dance like you're at don hills and someone's playing 'common people' or something." "sarah, this isnt tiswas." "but it'd be so much fun. how cute are they??? and i just wanna dance! dance! i wanna dance!" "simmer down sarah." "ok. fine. bitch. i'm gonna yell out something instead!!" "do it!" "I LOVE YOU FRANZ FERDINAND THE BAND!" As a result, my friends came up to me after the show saying that they knew i was there because they only know one person who would yell like that... and that's me. I couldnt help it! you see the sort of fight i had to have with myself first? It's all very planned out and negotiated. My friend Eve, who I haven't seen in a month or two since he was previously living in St. Louis, found me after i yelled that. Like, it's my mating call or something. Anyway, back to the band. Franz are danceable like Blondie. The singer has a voice like a crooning Mark E Smith meets Mick Jagger -- however, i'd like to point out that they totally remind me of that APB song "Shoot You Down". So fucking excellent. Everyone walked out of there with the biggest smiles on their faces. I skipped out on the post show drinking in favor of sleep. But i'm so excited about the show that I had to post about it! AAAAAH!!! pretty boys: VIVA INFORMATION! I also got to see the Information for the first time tonight. They showed so much potential and Max the singer is a total dream boat. His girlfriend, whomever she is, is lucky. TV FREE BEDROOM! I'd like to add that my TV is still broken. There is no picture and only sound. It's like having talk radio. I forgot that stepped into the time machine and went back to prehistoric times. Bullshit.

 OUT OF CONTROL, OR NOT SO MUCH Friday night: OK, typically my Friday nights are reserved for going to my parent's house in Tenafly where I eat the Thanksgiving-like feast my mom prepares and then retire up to my room to watch comedy central and talk on AIM to my friends who have yet to go out for the night as i'm sitting in Jersey staring at my blind dog as she walks in circles looking for her water dish. However, lately my parents have been going down to Miami like it's about to break off the continent and dissolve into the golf. So this friday as my mom lived it up with her sister and kids in south beach, shabbating and probably arguing, me and my brother and father went to my mom's brother's house for dinner. It was fun. I quickly filled my father in on what i've been up to lately since we dont really talk that much. not because we dont get along -- we get along better these days than ever before -- but mostly because he seemed to be paying attention. He nodded his head and said "that's good." After dinner Lawrence dropped me off at Hi-Fi so i could help Adam Mandel ring in his 29th year. His mom bought me a beer, which was awesome. Then urlLink J.Go dropped the biggest bomb of a question ever. I mean, apart from asking me to marry him -- which he does daily -- he asked me if we could raise little Moz, Bowie, and Jager as atheists. Are you fucking kidding me. I feel like writing a children's book in the same vain as "Heather has Two Mommies" but mine will be called "Why Your Daddy Hates God." Jesus, i sound like some sort of heeb freak. I'm not. Anyway, Jason and Gordon introduced me to Diana who will be sharing a bungalo with us during Coachella and Adam told me that when he told his exroommate that he'd be sharing a bungalo with me, his reaction was "she puts the bung in bungalo." and "I'd like to put "it inn" Lewitinn." Saturday: I refused to leave the house. I hate the cold and the cold hates me. Seriously, on my way back home from Adam's party, the milk in my breasts froze. Like two massive rock hard ice sculptures attached to my body, i'm still waiting and hoping they'll defrost by the time i make out with someone. Dare to dream. So I spent the whole time on my couch watching TV. I woke up at 3pm, so i was the ultimate in slothness. I can't even tell you what I watched. Eventually I remembered that Jessica Simpson and Nick Lachey would be on SNL so i called urlLink Lindsay and urlLink Whatevs and told them to swing by to watch it with me if they wanted. When they agreed I called urlLink Laura and urlLink Brian and Greg to see if they wanted to come over as well. At 11:30pm nobody was there and I was about drift into sleep when I got a call and suddenly my room was filled with 2ManyBloggers. Since it'll take me more time than i can handle to do the html for everyone that was there, i'll skip that: Lindsayism, Whatevs, The Minor Fall the Major Lift (whom i nearly kicked out for 5 different reasons -- including dissing radiohead -- but sent me a nice email today, so he can't be all that bad), Elizabeth Spiers, KarenPlusOne, NewYorkDoll, maybe some others? Dunno. For anyone that wasn't invited, please don't take offense. I told Laura to tell everyone at Dennis' show to come over, so blame her, my beautiful scapegoat. I honestly thought nobody would show up and didnt even bother buying more beer. Thankfully people came prepared. Oh, and I taught some super cute swedish guy how to knit -- which would've been cooler if he was from Norway, and made everyone watch the Olsen twin movie "When in Rome" and "Zoolander." You know, what, it was actually a really lovely, spur of the moment shindig. I also think that Whatevs is so fucking cool. Best evs! Sunday: I woke up at about 3 and had Brunch with Sarah Wilson at Clinton Street Bakery (surprise, surprise -- i need to move my bed into there for real). We were gonna see "Win a Date with Tad Hamilton" but it was sold out so we went to see the Mandy Moore movie called "Chasing Liberty" which was actually really great. I fucking love Mandy Moore. I love that she's not skinny and kind of plump with a belly and big boobs. Plus, her acting was really great in the movie. Really great. Not as good as Charlize Theron but maybe better than Christina Ricci. She's underrated. After the movie i bough $50 in magazines and went home. Got dressed to see Laura and Rob Sheff DJ at Filter 14 and had one motivation in mind: get drunk. For real, i think i'm totally incapable of getting intoxicated. I can get stoned, that's easy. But getting actually drunk is another. I miss those days so fucking much. I miss the days when my friends would first look at me with a huge smile laughing as i toppled over and then i miss the look they'd have when i'd drop to the ground and take a nap spontaneously. These days i have too much control. Control is so overrated. Substance abuse is a lost art. I danced with the fine folks at Filter 14. Audrey, Jenny, Dan, Rob, Lizzy, Marc, Giulia, all of them. We danced to Laura. Booed the electroclash band and the not-so-good DJ who DJed in the front room during Grand Mal (which prompted Lizzy and Marc to offer me money to tell the DJ to change the music -- and when i refused urlLink Jenny did it for free). Danced some more to Rob. Then my friend Evan showed up. I've known Evan since kindergarden and so he came and we danced. Then i hopped into a cab with laura and evan and headed off to Bar 13 for Shout! Where I danced some more. Eventually I had to pee and went to wait outside a bathroom door for someone to come out. The first door that opened revealed J.Gordon. I pushed him back into the bathroom and proceeded to make out with him until the bouncer told us to get out. Here is Marc protecting my identity since I looked worse than Britney Spears after a night of marriages: Monday: I woke up on monday at 3pm again and met up with Brian at Pink Pony for some brunch. Ate two main courses. I'm such a pig sometimes, but i was hungry. I'm always hungry. Maybe if i ate less i'd get drunk faster? I went home to watch some TV and nap some more and got Nate a cheesecake for his birthday after i finished watching American Idol in Lizzy's room since my tv is broken suddenly. After cake, Nate went to meet up with his band, Lizzy went to work on her NME piece and I sat in my room staring at the wall. My friend Kris then called me inviting me down to Max Fish for a drink with Franz Ferdinand and Chris Newmeyer (also from Domino records). By the time I got there, the rhythm section were the only ones left and hardly able to see straight. Karen stopped by and it looked like I was gonna leave shortly after arriving so I told Vicki not to come down, which i now regret doing because the rest of the night (which was only about 1.5 hours long in total) turned out to be totally random. I hung out with Paul and Bob of Franz and Kris and they seemed a bit excited to know that we had a friend in common in Barry (who was once a teenager and as of sunday, became 20, i'm still mourning his teenagerdom and thanking god that he delivered him to me when he was still 19). About 20 minutes after i got there, Paul was like, cross eyed with drunkenness and couldnt really utter anything other than the fact that he was pissed that he couldnt get his fiance into the nme awards and was thinking about not going. i asked him about 40 times how long he's been engaged, and his eyes drifted down past my eyes, past my mouth, and onto the floor as they violently crossed themselves as if the words coming out of his mouth were making him ill. Just before I left I ran into my friend PJ who i see randomly but it's always really nice to run into him since he was one of my first post-high school friends that i had made. Then Jenny Lewis from Rilo Kiley came over and asked me to help her find her jacket. My eyes were so dry from the heater that i could hardly think because i was concentrating on keeping my contacts in my eyes. I made no sense when talking to her but made sure to tell her how much Sarah Wilson loves her. After finding her coat, i was about to walk out the door and suddenly Zev Borrow passed me. We start chatting and then Kelly Osbourne walked by. We made eye contact. She came over and we started talking. I haven't seen her since November. She looked great. I miss her sometimes. I miss a lot of people sometimes. But we hugged, said goodbye. I then hugged Zev, wished him farewell and went to San Loco with the boys and Karen. Bob and i contemplated getting into a fist fight after eating tacos, but it was really cold outside and i didnt feel like going outside. adding insult to impending injury, i told bob that i could never punch him cause he's got the face of a little baby. instead we held up our palms and started punching each other to see who could punch the hardest. he punched alright, and i kept on punching the hand until he said "oh. i gotta play tomorrow. maybe i shouldnt do this?" so we stopped. the fight is so on tonight. i have no idea what sparked it.

 Catch the Boys urlLink fun.

 Take Me Out i have a huge update to type up, but i'm hungry and too busy at the moment. i had no internet access this weekend, so i actually did things. or rather, things actually did me. Until then, Brian updated urlLink his site with amazing photos. He also added a paypal link so people who read his site can donate money to making sure he has more mis-adventures despite unemployment.

 FUCK YOU BODY You know why? Cause you didn't even have the common courtesy to at least get me drunk last night. Champagne, tequila shot, 2 stoli-o sea breezes and NOTHING?! Michael T's birthday party was so much fun... mostly because of all the people who came to party. Including the very one and only WHATEVS! whom actually talks that way in real life. More to come, but my bro is downstairs to pick me up for shabbat dinner at my uncle's.

 HOT DAMN! Thanks so much to everyone who wrote me about that Britney Spears movie. You all saved my ass! Also, I'm in a music video! It's for stellastarr*s "My Coco"... I'm wearing a red tshirt and look like a monkey. My brother is in it too. He's wearing an eggplant shirt and tie and looking like a male version of me -- also a monkey. See it urlLink Here .

 HELP! OK, i bought my plane ticket to palm springs for under $300/round trip! Now, i need help. I need to find out who is playing Britney Spears' character in the adaptation of the book she wrote with her mom "A Mother's Gift." So far i've heard that the movie might be called "Holly" and it's gonna be on ABC Family. Does anyone have any info on this at all?? I'm not crazy, it's for an article. I'm just stumped! Thank you.

 ANDY GREENWALD IS FAMOUS! He's talked about in a urlLink Cartoon

 MY VAGINA JUST BURST! Sorry for that visual, but yours will too: RADIOEHAD AND THE PIXIES AND KRAFTWERK Are all playing THE FIRST NIGHT OF COACHELLA! Seriously. My head is too small to compute. This means that the second night is gonna make me vomit all over myself. WHAT IF IT'S MORRISSEY? His album is out in May AND he played the first coachella. Jesus, my head is spinning. i need to sit down.

 SOMEBODY TOLD ME... People keep on asking, so i finally asked around, and found out that urlLink the Killers' January 29th show is on sale NOW. They're opening up for urlLink the Stills and the show isn't listed on the urlLink Bowery Ballroom website, but it's listed on urlLink Ticketweb under the Stills. Or you can just urlLink CLICK HERE .

 HIPSTER BLING My brother is urlLink selling these Sergio Valente sunglasses that are really awesome. Our father was the licensed manufacturer and, when they went out of style, he took them home where they remained in our basement for over 20 years. When I was little my friends used to come over and take a pair for their parents who would then call my parents and thank them profusely. Here they are in all their awesome glory:

 BROVVAS REPRESENT! My friend Baron urlLink Vanhuisen had such a great costume on for Halloween. Here he is with his brother and sister-in-law (baron is the dark horse cause he's down): Also, in keeping in the brothers theme... The family that Nicole and Paris stayed with in Arkansas had the hottest older brother! HooooWeee! Did you see him on the Simple Life reunion show. Wowza. I'm not gonna go to the Unicorns/Fever show tonight. I'm not feeling good. Lame.

 BLOGGER DILEMMA My friend Karen recently realized that if her mom were to google her name she'd find her blog in which she speaks openly about smoking the marijuana. Luckily i dont have the same concern when it comes to my mom. For one thing, she has no idea what google is. Secondly, my mom was ready for a Spears-level intervention when I started this blog, so nothing would surprise her. Lastly, I don't talk about my excessive pot smoking, coke sniffing, or heroin usage on this blog. I save that for IMs with the friends. Brian Battjer cheered me up by showing me photos of him and his friends being super duper homosexual GAAAAAAAAAY. I love laughing at homos. I think American Idol is on tonight. I auditioned for last season (for a SPIN article that never saw the light of day). I spent two nights sleeping on a tarmac with a bunch of other hopefuls in Pasedena, CA. The entire time the kids sitting next to me kept on singing and singing and trying to get me to join in. I have a shitty voice, so i never did. BUT SOMEHOW, I managed to get a call back by singing the Smiths' "Please, Please, Please, Let Me Get What I Want." I didnt make it to the Simon rounds, but i did manage to tell off some of the pre-Simon judges when they asked me who wrote that song.

 ARMY OF ME Stand back... i'm in the worst mood suddenly. I have no reason for it except for the fact that my body is totally in pain. My head is spinning. I'm seeing double. And I'm feeling extra vicious today. Maybe it's because i had 3 beers last night and twice as many cigarettes? Maybe my socks are too tight. I feel like i'm gonna black out as i'm typing this. I should go home. I just told Lizzy "I dont think X should crash at our apt. I fear for his well-being. He's messy, doesn't wash his hands, snores and I might stab him in his sleep." I still haven't caught up on my sleep from last time he stayed at my apt. I'm not a psycho. Just at this very moment. I blame booze. Always a skapegoat. Britney apparently had an intervention. She's in a sleep clinic, just like Kate Moss. It'd be awesome if they became friends with each other and talked about their nose collagen. I'm looking to cut my hair like Anabel from Bow Wow Wow. Shaved on the sides.

 MADDAS EXPLOSION! There seems to be an abundance of Saddam related goodness on urlLink Scott Stereogum 's site. urlLink Check out Saddam's cover of Outkast's big hit "Hey Yeah". urlLink Check out photos of Saddam's capture taken with a stealthy digital camera that begs for urlLink Brian iKeepADiary 's captioning. AVERAGE JOE 2 Did anyone watch "Average Joe 2" last night? Looks like the beauty queen got rid of all the fatties.

 BLACKOUT... AGAIN I went to see Rob the Street and Dan Byrne's band Morning Theft tonight. They were really fucking awesome. I was kinda surprised because you never expect your friend's band to be good, and they were. They reminded me a lot of British Sea Power mixed with some Nirvana. Dunno how that's possible, but i look forward to seeing them play again.

 BUSTED!

 BUSTED! Thanks to a reader, i just found out that the 38 year old dude that Britney gave the in and out to is John Cusack! Let's hear it for her giving it to Lloyd Dobbler! I didn't think i could love her more than i did before, but i do. Also, Laura urlLink ModernAge is DJing on Sunday. Here's the email she sent: To: pleasecometomypartyyougaymotherfucker@themodernage.org Ok another reminder... I DJ way early on Sunday (starting at 9:30) but what i didn't realize was 2 things: 1. the next day is a holiday, and you probably have off work, 2. Rob Sheffield is DJing the same night, but after me, and honestly, how much better could it get? BECAUSE ROB IS THE AWESOMEST GUY EVER! (I know a lot of ppl go around saying such and such person is "awesome", but for real, Rob really is.) again, if you want to forgo the paying at the door thing, and prefer be comped for the night, PLEASE EMAIL ME (laura@themodernage.org) your info and the number of guests you are bringing. Thanks. bisous, l

 I NEED HELP! No, I haven't relapsed into a drunken-drugged out stupor... I need help finding a location for the birthday party I'm throwing with urlLink Miss Laura "I'm An Honorary Asian Jew" ModernAge and Dan Byrne. We were hoping to have it at this one place, but that's being closed for renovation. Now, i need to know if anyone knows of any bar that is typically empty and could really use the business that the three of us would be bringing them. There are so many bars in Lower Manhattan, one of them should love to have 100+ retards celebrating and singing karaoke on February 7. Please email me if you can help. Thank you.

 A BUNNY

 THE HEBREW HUMMER Michael T just sent out invites for his Birthday party this Thursday. The Flesh will be playing, and if i went gay for anyone, i'd go gay for their keyboardist. Not joking at all. Here's the email he sent out. He calls me "kosher putang" in it... that's sort of genius: Ladies & Gentlemen- I cordially invite all of you to "celebrate" the vacant life of Michael T. This thritysomething year old filthy, cross-dressing, coke filled menace to society has managed to live one more hateful year! Shim will be celebrating it's b-day with fellow capricornian Yana C. Whom, has the best set of Cocksucker Lips, since, well...me! This party is gonna get real kooky, so stay late and watch Misty reach for new lows! BROADCAST presents The Michael T & Yana C "Double Fisted" B-day Bash @Bar 13 Thursday, January 15th 2004 35 E.13st university pl [212]979-6677 No Cover/Doors10pm/21&Over/ID Please! FULL OPEN BAR on Both Floors 11-12! Hostess:Peppermint GummyBear-This is one Big Black Mama, she's FIERCE and she will STOMP on you pasty white children if you try it with her! Live Performance by:The Flesh@ 11:00pm Late -Nite Cabaret Show @ 1:30AM with T-Boy-New up & coming legend! Milan & Coco- MT's- 2 black, back-up dancers very old skool back of the bus performance art pre Rosa Parks Realness! Main Floor DJ's: Michael T & Jess Oh Jess, my dear little partner, still going through his "straight" phase In about five years or so he'll be starring in the NEW "Alternative" Hollywood Squares now called The Hollywood Triangle, jess sitting in the center pink triangle, of course. Plus, "The Ladies of Rock" Christine Renee [The Hunt Club] Ultragrrrl Karibomb [Dutch & Bullit] Justine D [Motherfucker & Aktion] Spinning:New Wave, PostPunk & 80's Pop! For one night only! Michael T Dives into "The Vaginal Abyss" "The Bush Gardens" "Continental Seafood Platter" If i have to do it, i might as well do it all at once! All American Bush [Christine] Kosher Puntang [Ultragrrrl] Eskimo Beaver [Karibomb] My personal favorite, Ching Chong Chow Chop Suey Cho Cha [Justine D] I get a free can of coke with the last one:) Upstairs Host: Lyle Derek-This Texas Homo is a Real Talker and Shmoozer! DJ's: JDH-This is what happens when you don't "Feed The Children" Cowboy Mark-They're still talking about what i wrote the last time... regarding this one. Now i live in "Fear" because i have the ABNHMLSC after me! [Angry Bitter Nostalgic Half Mute Lesbian Society Club] Spinning:60's Soul & Funk 70's Coke-Y Classics & Booty shakin Jams! Photo Exhibit by:Jeffrey Weiss Decor:Stacey [fashionfollower.com] Door:Thomas O-Watch out for this one...Shady!! Other b-Day Guests: Jamie, Jeff, Jeremy, John, Miss X and the biggest Homocesspool in NYC...ZACH! Treats & Eats from PINCH [pizzabytheinch] I can usually take about 8 inches before i start screaming like a poor defenseless white woman! Giveaways from Tony & Tina Cosmetics [The children always need make-up!] Promotions by: Andy Shaw-I have not ONE but TWO Orientals working with me! [I'm an equal opportunity employer] Dresscode-I know it's cold, but wear something cute for Mother T, it'll make herm happy! *The above was written by Michael T. This is MT:

 DEAR MOM, CAMP IS GREAT. PLEASE SEND COOKIES. urlLink Check out Jason Roth circa 1979 , publicity giant, at sleep-away Camp Henry Horner -- in rural Illinois. The entire camp looks like they were extras for the Bad News Bears. He's the one in the front row rocking the Cheap Trick t-shirt and baseball cap surrounded by brothers -- thus proving that J.Roth has always been down. Lizzy the roommate is trying to clone him as we speak.

 THIS GIRL IS TOXIC Poor Britney. She's really got herself into some problems. I was watching Leno with my mom on Friday and he asked her what was oldest age of a guy she's ever dated, and she pretty much alluded to sleeping with someone 38 years old as her oldest and 21 years old as her youngest. My jaw was like, on the floor. I mean, she didnt say "the oldest guy i fucked was 38 and he was wheezing the whole way through", but she might as well. She also totally reminded me of me when i was sucking down the boozers. Her ability to hold conversation, and her body language just screamed "hello, my name is Britney Jean Spears, and I am an alcoholic." Anyway, i found this on urlLink World of Britney : Radio stations all over the country are reporting on their websites that Britney's new single 'Toxic' has been postponed until March 1st. This is all due to that bosses at her record label have now delayed the planned release and are considering banning any public appearances by Spears to promote it - fearing questions about the wedding will dominate. The world premiere of the Toxic music video has been rescheduled one day and will air on Tuesday. These news came out after Britney failed to show up at work in Miami to to shoot a promo for an unknown feature. Nobody knew where Britney was and why she didn't show up. Well, it makes sense, Britney right now, probably has no idea how she will be handling this, as she has lots and lots of tough times ahead of her as she has not made her first public appearance (with statement) after the wedding. Some say she's spending some serious mother-daughter time back home, while some say she's currently in rehab (not the bad rehab, just the talking to psychologists type of rehab.). I'll keep you updated....

 POETIC LOVE TEXTS My friend Brian M. has been sending me these awesome texts messages the past couple of days. They're so good that i feel guilty keeping them all to myself, so enjoy: What is 6ft tall, has blue eyes, and is drunk enough to fall down a flight of stairs? Even angels blow their loads when I dance. Sadly i erased a text he once sent me that talked about rainbow koalas. He is a genius. He also made me a portrait of Neil Diamond using his own pubic hair for Neil's chest hair. I have yet to actually get this portrait since I insisted he frame it first, but i've seen photos and it's amazing.

 WONDER IF HE INVENTED POT Al Gore's son was arrested. Check out urlLink his mug shot !

 LENDING A HAND AND SEVERAL MILLION $$ Lately, I've been getting about 3 of these emails a day. I just thought I'd share: Dear PRAISE ALLAH, THE MOST BENEVOLENT. I am Mrs Iyesa Ismiana,named person from Kuwait. I am married to Late Malam Usman Ismiana of blessed memory who worked with Kuwait embassy in Sudan for nine years before he died in the year 2000.We were married for eleven years without a child. He died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days. Before his death we were both very devoted muslims.Since his death I too have been battling with both cancer and fibroid problems.When my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of$10.5 Million (Ten Million Five hundred thousand U.S. Dollars) with an oversea security company. Presently,this money is still with the Security Company. Recently, my Doctor told me that I would not last for the next three months due to cancer problem. Though what disturbs me most is my stroke sickness. Having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to either a moslem organisation or devoted muslim individual that will utilize this money the way I am going to instruct here- in. I want this muslim organisation or individual to use this money in all sincererity to fund mosques, orphanages,widows and also propagating the word of ALLAH and to ensure that the society upholds the views and beliefs of the holy Quran. The holy Quran emphasized so much on ALLAH'S benevolence and this has encouraged me to take this bold step. I took this decision because I don't have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are new Christians converts and I don't want my husband's hard earned money to be misused by people I call unbelievers. I don't want a situation where this money will be used in an unholy manner. Hence the reason for taking this bold decision. I know that after death I will be with ALLAH the most beneficient and the most merciful. I don't need any telephone communication in this regard because of my health and also the presence of my husband's relatives around me always. I don't want them to know about this development. With ALLAH all things are possible. As soon as I receive your reply I shall give you the contact of the Security Company. I will also issue you a letter of authority that will prove you as the original- beneficiary of this fund. I want you and the Muslim community where you reside to always pray for me. My happiness is that I lived a life of a true devoted muslim worthy of emulation. Whoever that wants to serve the ALLAH must serve him in truth and in fairness. Please always be prayerful all through your life. Any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for a muslim organisation or a devoted muslim for this same purpose. Until I hear from you, my dreams will rest squarely on your shoulders. May the almighty ALLAH continue to guide and protect you. Regards, Iyesa Ismiana

 NYC IS AWESOME Jason, future father of my children and urlLink blogger , tells me why: I just had the greatest subway experience ever! Two complete G's, full on super baggy jersey's, skull cap, and everything man, just totally thugged out guys on the subway both whipped out violins and started playing unbelievable classical music. when they stopped, everyone on the subway jumped to there feet and started applauding and people were screaming "bravo! bravo!"

 YAY FOR JULIAN! Yay for Julian for being awesome to his girlie. Apparently the release of the next Strokes single, "Reptilia," has been delayed because the artwork listed the song previously known as "Post Modern Girls" (which is named something else now, but we'll just stick to what we know), was listed as "The Strokes Featuring Regina Spektor" instead of "Regina Spektor Featuring the Strokes". I like that Julian wanted his lady friend to get the top billing. I think that's very thoughtful. I also fucking love the song a lot. I like her voice on it.

 SHE'S RELUCTANTLY GAINED CONTROL Last night I met up with urlLink Karen at Virgin Megastore in Times Square to see the Darkness do an instore. They played 4 songs: "Growing On Me," "Get Your Hands off My Woman," "I Believe in a Thing Called Love," and "Love On the Rocks." I waved my arms in the air above my head and nearly lost my voice while trying to sing along. I also stood too close to the speakers and nearly lost my hearing. Afterwards i went to Dos Caminos with my friends Rob S. (not the lovely Sheff) and Jen. I ate a salad and guac and we talked about food poisoning and today Jen told me that she got sick from the food last night. I also had a prickly pair margarita -- frozen cause it's classy that way. Then i went to meet up with Lizzy, Niki, Ariel, and Ariel's cousin Sjidre at Cafe Mogador for some more food, because, I like to eat, a lot. A goat cheese salad later and we were on our feet and headed to lit to meet up with urlLink Brian (whom I'm trying to set up with Ariel), and see the Jasons DJ (Roth and Consoli). Ariel is friends with this guy named Josh who is apparently some famous classical violinist and he met up with us there too... i tried very hard to convince him that he should start wearing eyeliner, but I don't think he was buying it. Niki tried to convince him to cut his hair into a fauxhawk, but he wasn't buying that either. Seriously though, he needs eyeliner. He did shock me by being 35, i thought he was 25. He also shocked me by bringing the little brother from Little House on the Prairie with him to Lit. Also there were the Von Bondies (sans Jason). I stayed away from them out of fear that i'd say something utterly retarded like "How's Jason's face?" or "Care for some punch?" Jason Roth said that the new Melissa Auf De Maur album is awesome. I wanna hear it. Wonder if she's better than Katy Rose. Tonight Sydney and her boyfriend Brett are coming over for Shabbat dinner. When Syd and I were little we both were 20 lbs under weight (which gave us very Somalian-like features) because we pretty much hated to eat. Whenever Syd would come over for Shabbat dinner she'd clear her plate (my mom is a great cook) and i'd just poke at mine as my mom yelled at me for not eating and praised sydney for her consumption achievement. These days my mom yells at me for the opposite reason, which is only magnified by my father's recent obsession with weight loss (he will tell you how many calories your food is, how many grams of fat it is, and tell you how unhealthy the bread and rice you're shoveling into your face is). I bought the urlLink Phantom Planet album last night, despite owning it already. I wanted to contribute money to the music industry and reward a band for their good album. I bought, no joke, five copies of the interpol album when it came out. urlLink The Information are playing at urlLink Sin-e with the urlLink Madison Strays on Tuesday, January 20. Also, Franz Ferdinand are playing at North Six with urlLink PITTY SING !!!!!!!! On the same fucking night. I don't know how I'm gonna manage all these shows, but redbull will guide the way.

 HOLY FUCKING AWESOME! urlLink The Killers have just announced that they're playing Bowery Ballroom on January 29. My head exploded all over the computer monitor out of excitment (which is sort of annoying). I dunno who they're playing with yet, but i'm pretty certain they're not headlining the Bowery yet. I CAN'T WAIT! Wanna know why? urlLink Download this motherfucking song , and you'll understand! photo and mp3 courtesy of urlLink New York Doll

 SAVE MISS MODERNAGE Laura has gone crazy. Here is an IM conversation i had with her this evening. miss modernage: seriously all these skating moves.. miss modernage: they must make this shit up miss modernage: who talks like this? miss modernage: tricks called "Method" and "session" miss modernage: and "bennyhana" miss modernage: like what the hell Ultragrrrl: you should just name moves. Ultragrrrl: that should be your new job. miss modernage: hah miss modernage: it really is elvish miss modernage: it's like low-grade Elvish miss modernage: mike rusczyk 26 trick:no comply photo:rodent miss modernage: THE TRICK IS CALLED "NO COMPLY"??? miss modernage: i've never even heard of such a thing miss modernage: this is serious bullshit miss modernage: i saw video of Ryan Sheckler the other day Ultragrrrl: look it up. miss modernage: if i was a 15 year old girl i would marry him Ultragrrrl: this IM conversation is going up on my blog. miss modernage: http://ryansheckler.com/ miss modernage: ok Ultragrrrl: look at it as a form of interventionl. miss modernage: i should write ryan sheckler an email Ultragrrrl: yes. you should. miss modernage: and tell him if he ever comes to new york i'll pimp him out to all my pedophiliac friends miss modernage: which amounts to... ok i do'nt know any pedophiles miss modernage: he's a little TOO young miss modernage: but i know 17 year old boys and he can hang out with them miss modernage: and break young hearts Ultragrrrl: hello! miss modernage: HE'S LIKE 15 miss modernage: that's even too young for you Ultragrrrl: are you not speaking to LES's #1 pedophile? Ultragrrrl: oh, fifteen. yeah. miss modernage: you do'nt do 15 miss modernage: c'mon Ultragrrrl: i didnt even do 15 when i was 15 miss modernage: you were never 15 miss modernage: always 18 and up Ultragrrrl: you're 15 now. Ultragrrrl: OMG. Ultragrrrl: my dog is 15~! miss modernage: woah miss modernage: ok so shecks can han gou w/ your dog miss modernage: "There is this sic sk8shop that I got my first board at. The shop is IWS in Laguna Niguel. I would go in there a lot after school and hang out. I was 6 or 7 at the time and sk8ing a lot of CASL contests. I brought in my trophies and they would put them up in the shop. " miss modernage: this is totally hysterical miss modernage: "sic sk8shop" miss modernage: yesterday i saw some guy reading Moto X magazines miss modernage: he was like 28 miss modernage: i wa slike what's a 28 year old reading moto x magazines for miss modernage: it seemed wrong miss modernage: but i guess it is kinda expensive to ride motorcross Ultragrrrl: 6 or 7?! miss modernage: so ok Ultragrrrl: does this kid have PARENTS?! miss modernage: yeah miss modernage: did you ever read that article miss modernage: that was in the NYTimes? miss modernage: it was the cover story miss modernage: this like 5 year old boy Ultragrrrl: no. words big. miss modernage: skater miss modernage: it was the most insane thing ever miss modernage: "Things that bother me the most 1. HATERS  nothing in the world worse than jealous h8ers! 2. Quitters 3. Complainers 4. Braggers 5. Bullies" miss modernage: i hope this kid doesn't grow up to be dumb miss modernage: http://ryansheckler.com/images/8.jpg Ultragrrrl: he's so small! like a human puppy! Ultragrrrl: they make people that small? miss modernage: yes miss modernage: like that Polish idol miss modernage: she was seriously like 4 feet tall Ultragrrrl: mini people! what a concept. miss modernage: yeah they're called "children" Ultragrrrl: i want one.

 HORAY FOR BARRY! My mail order scottish teenage boyfriend and Nick Jago doppelganger, Barry Nicolson, wrote his very first cover story for the NME. He's only 19! Without a doubt, he one of the most talented writer I've come across. I'm so proud of him!

 THIS IS WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU MESS WITH US I still get dizzy and teary when I listen to "Karma Police". I remember the first time I saw the video for it... I sat not more than 7" from the TV screen... just so i wouldn't miss anything important. They were the first band my parents let me skip Shabbat dinner for. My first rationalization to them when pleading my case was "it's a religous experience, that's the important thing, isn't it?" Eventually, dropping to the floor, kicking and screaming (gucci little piggy) seemed to do the trick. They once played on a Jew holiday (i forget which) and i was pissed. Did you know that Phil Selway the drummer is a Jew? He vacations in Israel, i know this because he told me.

 APOLOGIES TO MARC SPITZ After not only promoting his book reading on my blog and to everyone within ear shot, i was quickly reminded of my retardation. I had an important annual birthday to attend that night. And since birthday's come only once a year... Anyway, Marc wasn't pleased. He recommended i share with you all his not-so-kind words. I'm choosing to share them cause they're funny: i don't know why i'm doing this cause you missed my fucking reading, which was the best one i've done yet and two kids came down (up?) all the way from new fucking haven, cn just to see me for 20 minutes but you couldn't come from the fucking lower east side ... [text omitted for special reasons] ... as much as i hate you right now, i still love the kids and i think the kids need [text omitted]. there's nothing you can do to me that will make me hate the kids... the kids in cure t-shirts and thick black glasses. so fuck you, my man. you can travel uptown for lunch, right? you don't have to go to your best sort of friend's monkey baptism/key party in some loft/former brass cockring factory on delancey street right? right. rock trash! motherfucker! i love you. and you can put this on your piece of shit blog, you hebe lush. m ps. i really was good last night. and i dreamt the kids loved me. I do love Marc Spitz tho. This should be noted. And I dont mean the olympic diver/swimmer dude.

 LONDON CALLING Much to the British people's delight (or dismay, rather), me and a huge group of kids will be embarking on a trip to London just in time for the NME awards. It's gonna be me, the boyfriends Raphael and Greg, their roommate Andrew, my friend Karen, hopefully Vicki, definitely Rob S, the bf's friend Marissa, and some other folks who decided that paying $325 for a round trip ticket on Virgin Atlantic was reasonable for a long weekend (let me know if you think so also so you might be included on debauched times). Last time me and Greg went to London we spent the entire time running around from bar to bar, gig to gig, drinking our weight in booze. Many people were convinced that they had seen our group Debutaunt, and were fans. We're hoping for the same bullshit this time. We're working on showing the Brits up, and really, there's nobody better for this task than the kids mentioned above. God save the Queen and God save our livers. In other news, I had incredible sushi last night at some place on the upper east side called Sushi by Gari. I'm still full.

 FANTASTIC! As if Ryan Adams wasn't awesome enough, check out urlLink this voice mail he left some reviewer. It's so fucking genius. I love him. By the way, speaking of fantastic things, the new Phantom Planet album is OUT TODAY. Seriously, that album is like, whoa. I've listened to it nearly daily for a month and i never get bored of it.

 EVERYTHING ZEN Introducing... urlLink iPod mini ! OK, since this is my (non)sobriety blog: Last night urlLink Brian [site updated btw] picked me up from my apt and tried his best to fix my aching back which i seemed to pull while taking off my jacket(!!!). Go figure. We then went to my friend Kelci's going away party on Ave D. Kel is moving to Boston to go to Berklee School of Music, which is fucking awesome. She also happens to be the cutest girl ever. We met when I was 15 and she was 13, outside the girls bathroom of Dwight Englewood High School. We were both attending the Battle of the Bands and she complimented my hair (i think it was either blue, green or purple at the time) and she had her hair dyed some random color. It was like punk rock love at first sight. Amazingly, when I asked her who did her hair, her answer was "my dad." Anyway, back to the party: Kelci was drinking some pink drink that matched her pink pulled back hair and tasted like a watermelon jolly rancher. She immediately made me one, which i nursed for about 3 hours (it was very, very, very strong), and shoved viles filled with sweet liquor in all of our hands insisting that we take jello shots. Done and Done. By 1am, i was seeing double of everyone, including this girl that Kelci is best friends with who people were arguing about. "She looks like Natalie Portman!" "No! She looks like Angelina Jolie!" "Natalie!" "Angelina!" God bless these punk rock doppelgangers. After seeing double for a half hour, Brian and I went to meet up with Jordan who moved back to Detroit today to finish up his Journalism degree at UMich. Jordan introduced me to a clever word: "Sororitutes". Jordan is very clever and will be missed by me and all my friends. The three of us tried to do Karaoke at 2 in the morning, but when we pulled up to Nolita Tavern, it turned out that the place was about to go under renovation -- at that very moment -- and we found Sid & Buddy carting all their Karaoke equipment out of the joint. I guess the Aquarius will be at Brian's afterall! RIGHT NOW I'M LISTENING BUSH'S SIXTEEN STONE . I NEED HELP. don't let the daaaaaaaays go by/i should've been easier on you... Anyway, goodbye my sweet friends! Best of luck!

 THAT'S CRAZY Y'ALL! OK, for the record, Mommy and Daddy's account of their time in Vegas was a joke. I discovered this after emailing them about it. Whoops! Anyway, the former Mr. Spears has already provided us with Quote of the Year and it's only the first week in January! "...that's when we needed to tell everybody what we done did." - Jason Allen Alexander Spears For real, I couldnt make that shit up if i tried. Thankfully, urlLink Stereogum provides a full transcript of Mr. Festivus' interview with Billy Bush on some Magazine TV show right urlLink here . And here is the married couple: Part of me thinks that the following thoughts ran through Brit's mind: "Bennifer are here too, i'm gonna show them how easy it is to get married. Ya know, lead by example or something." "Justin, you think you're such hot shit with your Hollywood actress. Check me out, biznatch." Looking at photos of Britney, i'm seeing the puffy face, the tired eyes, the thrown together look... I'm beginning to think that maybe it's time she start a sobriety blog also. Girlfriend, hurry up and get with it before they toss you in rehab! Give me a shout and i'll show you how to set up a blog. Lay off the booze for like, two weeks. Trust me on this one.

 MARC SPITZ BOOK READING Sometimes people ask me why i promote Marc's book so much on this site. Well, the reason is because it's good. And I'm proud of him. And if you did something that i thought was fantastic, i'd promote it too. Also, Marc is the Max Martin to my Britney Spears. WHO: Marc Spitz reading from that book he wrote last year about the Smiths WHY: Cause the organizer of a new reading series at Barbes asked him to WHEN: Tuesday, January 6 at 7 PM WHERE: Barbes 376 9th Street (corner of 6th Ave) Park Slope/Brooklyn (go to urlLink www.barbesbrooklyn.com or urlLink www.marcspitz.com for more info) MARC ANNOYS ME, WHY SHOULD I COME: There are two other readers (three actually) Will Leitch (Life as a Loser), and Jeff Sharlet with Peter Manseau (Killing the Buddha), also you can say to yourself while I read a bit about Johnny Marr ("I hear Johnny Marr actually has this book in his possession now and commented that it looks 'Very interesting." Cause he fucking did!!!!!) Also...it's a bar so if you hate me, get drunk and heckle me. Actually, I will pick up the first heckler's bar tab. You know, before kicking his ass. ARE ALL YOUR DREAMS MADE WHEN YOU'RE CHAINED TO THE MIRROR AND THE RAZOR BLADE?: Yes. Yes, they are.

 OK, HOLY FUCKING SHIT, AGAIN New York rockers (and married couple), urlLink Mommy and Daddy , were in Las Vegas and ran into the JUST MARRIED Britney Spears and lived to urlLink write about it on their livejournal. urlLink Melody Nelson sent me thie link this morning. Thank you. meets BTW, if you haven't heard M&D's music, you really should check it out. Now I want to go to Vegas and get married to a friend too!

 HOLY FUCKING SHIT! urlLink Miss Modernage gave us the fucking scoop of 2004! urlLink BRITNEY SPEARS GOT MARRIED. Oh. My. God. Meanwhile, Miss Modernage also put up the most comprehensive New Years Eve photo collage... i'm getting my ass grabbed in it. urlLink check it. Seriously, i'm scared to death of pussy, but like, i'm in love with the Modern Age. She was my New Years Eve kiss after all. Not everyone can put that on their resume... ok, like 40 people can, but so what? Tonight I went to urlLink Tis Was because Brian Malloy posted on Friendster that he was coming back for one night only. I danced with Julie, Lizzy, Marc, and Mikey. We had fun. Too much fun. I'm drunk now. Well, not really drunk cause i'm still able to do some minor html, but still. Some guy tried to pick me up, and here's how it happend. Me : (to Johnny Kaps and Jessica) I'm the Jewish Madonna today. I'm wearing two stars of David and pearls! Johnhy : Totally! Random Boy : (a minute later, whom i notice hovering over our conversation) Are you looking for someone to dance with? Are you here with anyone? Me : (pointing to Mikey, my ex) Yeah, i'm with him. (i'm not really, but he was the closest person to me with a penis) Random Boy : Are you Jewish? Me : Uh... Yeah. (while holding onto one of my two Stars of David) Random Boy : Me too. Me : Oh. Random Boy : I'm from Israel. Me : Oh. (turns around). I'm usually much nicer and friendlier to people. But if your pick up line is "Are you Jewish?" while I'm wearing the BIGGEST AND GAUDIEST Stars of David that ever hit NYC (seriously, one of them was lined with crystals), i think you need a better pick up line. Anyway, I dance a lot to everything good. People really should start returning to Tis Was. It used to be the fucking shit. What the shit?

 Whoopa! Last night I got kicked out of Lit for throwing a glass bottle at a wall. Funny thing is, i didn't do it. Also, Jordan dressed up like Judd from the Breakfast Club , so I think that put me in a rebelious mood. I'm happy to be going out on the town again, but sad I missed both pre-parties that I intended on attending. I need to learn how to be more punctual in the New Year.

 New Years Eve Uncensored! urlLink Jenny Penny put up photos from New Years that are a thousand times better than mine. Click urlLink Here.

 Fixed Photos... I realize that Yahoo! is sometimes balls. So urlLink click here to see New Years Eve courtesy of urlLink oPhoto .

 Photos from New Years! urlLink Here are photos from both New Years Eve parties: Fatherfucker and urlLink Trash . Look for yourself in them. Fun days. Feel free to send me your new years eve party photos. I wanna see people having fun.

 New Years Eve photos! Thank goodness for digital cameras. It gives us instant gratification. Less than 24 hours after the fact and urlLink Jake arleady posted photos from the party he went to last night. Click urlLink here for maximum fagatude. Also, Jo urlLink Divestar posted a little mpeg movie of the Fever's cover of Outkast's "Hey Ya!" from New Years Eve. Ova urlLink here .

 HORAY FOR KURT FROM NORWAY! He was my pick from the beginning, but i'm still shocked that he won! Kelly did not look pleased.

 Happy New Year! Last night was the gayest and best new years i've ever had. Started the night at Greg's for Fatherfucker. When I arrived, urlLink Laura was perched on top of a couch and screaming out "SARAH!!!!!!!!" She pretty much played Paul Revere the whole night and instead of saying "The British are coming!" she declared "The hipsters are coming!" I asked her to be my new years kiss, and so she was. No tongue tho. I then made out with Electro Greg and an apparently bi-sexual guy named Jonathan with a Norwegian haircut. I also found a picture of Kate Moss, cut out her mouth, and went around with my lips in place of hers asking people if they wanted to kiss Kate. Then i went to DJ at Don Hills and the place was packed. My first song was "Ice Ice Baby." I made out a bit more with other boys. Maybe some of them were gay. I'm not sure. I think i'm gonna make buttons that say "I made out with Ultragrrrl." Anyway, throughout the night about 1100 people showed up to Don Hills, so thank you so much if you were one of them! I got home at about 8am. Walked my blind dog and then went to sleep. Now I just have to wait a few more hours until "World Idol" is on. I I know i left out a lot of stuff. My head is broken today.

 DO YOU REALIZE... I'm home sick and watching the Mandy Moore movie "How To Deal." It's surprisingly great and has an amazing soundtrack (flaming lips, the music, and some others). I love Mandy Moore. I'm also in love with the guy who plays her love interest and I want to have about 10 million of his high cheekboned babies with fantastic hair and brooding eyes. Did anyone go to CBGB's last night? Did the Strokes perform? Who performed? What happend?

 DO YOU REALIZE... I'm home sick and watching the Mandy Moore movie "How To Deal." It's surprisingly great and has an amazing soundtrack (flaming lips, the music, and some others). I love Mandy Moore. I'm also in love with the guy who plays her love interest and I want to have about 10 million of his high cheekboned babies with fantastic hair and brooding eyes. Did anyone go to CBGB's last night? Did the Strokes perform? Who performed? What happend?

 LAST NITE... I SAID... OK, I have absolutely no idea if what i said about the secret Strokes show is true or not. But added rumors floating around L'Office de SPIN is that Moby will be opening. I have no more information about this event at all. I dont even like the Strokes. Last night, while at Karaoke to celebrate Grant coming back to NYC, i found out that his return is PERMANANT. I think when he told me this my face turned red and my body temp went up. I was like "Oh, so you think you can go frolic in the wild west for a bunch of months and then come back and claim urlLink Brian back? You think so huh? Well, fuck you! He's mine now. You and Tara left and I adopted him. Fuck off." And then he said that we could share him. That works too since Grant is hot. I kissed him last night. Then the three of us -- Grant, Brian, and myself -- performed Madonna's "Borderline". Oh, that was after urlLink Sid & Buddy asked the room "how many people have made out with Ultragrrrl?" on a night that... well, a fair number of room occupants had.

 I hate talking about politics, so I think that I'm going to cease from doing so from now on. Instead I'll focus on what I know about, which is getting drunk (or not drunk!) and watching tv. I mean, partying. Yeah. Partying. Tuesday I got to hear a certain album by my favorite fucking singer who was in one of my favorite fucking bands of all time. I pumped my fists into the air and demanded hearing songs "louder" and "again" and all the while i pumped more and more beers into my empty belly. A moment away from shaking my beer bottle and spraying it's contents all over my bosses, my stomach started bugging out so I just kinda hung back and listened to the crooner soothe my belly into peace until we were asked to leave the offices of the record label since I drank them out of house and home. OK, that's a lie, we were asked to leave cause it was getting late. So i walked back to the SPIN offices singing, logged onto my computer, did a blog entry, and called Rob Holmes to see if he wanted to meet for a beer before the urlLink Imarobot / urlLink Kill Hannah /Sounds show. Meeting up with Rob = good. Meeting up for a beer = bad. We grabbed a beer and i cringed with every sip, trying to hold down the dark sludge of a really thick lager. By the time we entered Irving Plaza I was telling Rob that it was gonna be an early night because my stomach had had enough with me and was calling a coup. So after Kill Hannah's amazing set (dude, they're so fucking cute -- if i were sixteen their photos would be lining my walls) which included the old song "Nerve Gas", i went to get my jacket. I was walking through the crowd when I spotted... him . The boy my roommate and i have been swooning over every week. The boy we declared would be our next baby daddy. The boy who has made us want to move to the... OC. Ryan! He was standing with a couple of friends, wearing glasses, and looking sort of -- goofy. Not like, dorky, but like, happy go-lucky. Not intense like his character. So i walked over shamelessly and said "Are you Ryan from the OC? I'm such a huge fan!" and walked away. Me? I'm 100% dorkus. So then Rob stuck me in a cab and I went home. I collapsed into bed by 11 only to be woken up at 3:30am by a drunken Mat Devine who was outside my apt and needed to be let up for a place to crash. About 15 minutes later the rest of Kill Hannah, plus a roadie called Wooter, were half naked and wrestling each other in my bedroom as I begged "Shhhh! You'll wake up my roommates!" Apparently they were at a club were some old coke dealer dude fell down the stairs and they had to wait for paramedics or something. Anyway, after the fagathon of wrestling ended (it was actually one of the hottest thing i've ever witnessed with my own eyes), the boys all passed out on various parts of my floor. The alcohol smelling sweat intoxicated me to sleep. Last night I DJed a party for the urlLink Club Dread movie premier. It was as some fancy club called the Social Club and the KH boys came along with the Boyfriends. Last night was urlLink Greg the Boyfriend 's birthday and my only gift to him was an open bar and a friendly smooch in the DJ booth. He spent the night looking for a "fit bird" and the only one he could find was also searching for a fit bird. Boyfriend Greg is way better looking then he ever gives himself credit for. I met him at a Clinic show about 2 years ago when I spotted him from across the room and literally dragged him by the arm with Lizzy (it was actually mine and Lizzy's first date without a chaperone) to a party I was DJing. I don't think he knew my name until a year later. And urlLink Raphael , he's a better looking urlLink Ryan Adams , only he's Cuban like Elian Gonzales. I've got the two cutest and most fun non-boyfriend boyfriends ever! After dropping the boys at the urlLink VonBondies after party -- and after consuming about 4 beers in 2 hours at the open bar while djing -- i consulted my bed. My lovely bed. Alone at last. Unlit cigarette in one hand, and ashtray in the other, i drifted off to dreams of half naked boys wearing eyeliner wrestling around in my room. This morning I interviewed Simon LeBon. It's like boys in eyeliner are following me. Tonight urlLink Rob is taking me out to dinner (hot! a boy actually paying for me! instead of the other way around!). Then we're going to karaoke with urlLink Brian at Remote Lounge for a little Sid and Buddy action -- PLUS, Grant is back in town. OK, the Stills just came up on my iTunes. I really love that "Montreal" song. I'm also warming up to Longwave. Everytime I hear them I'm like "who is this?" in a positive way. Maybe I just didnt give them enough of a chance. I think in my head i was always thinking that you could either like the Walkmen OR Longwave but not both (like blur vs oasis). I dunno. I'm not very smart sometimes. By the way, apparently the Strokes are doing a secret show tomorrow (Friday, February 27) at CBGB's. Since it's shabbat, i wont be going. But I'm sure it'll be fun, sweaty, and loud -- if it's actually happening and not a ploy for some unknown band to get a bunch of kids to their show. I don't think i actually like the Strokes' second album all that much. Call me picky, but i really dig being able to hear vocals on a record. Maybe that's why i like the Muse album so much. Speaking of which...if you IMed me to get the track and i didn't reply, it's cause I left my AIM on over night at work.

 HOLY SHIT PEOPLE I posted this in the comment box that went along with my "bush hates gay people" posting, but incase the person that should read it (and who so cowardly doesn't attach an email to their postings -- dude, i mean, if you're gonna dish hate at least have balls when doing so) doesnt read it, here it is: OH MY GOD! my use of the word "fag" was IRONIC! Holy shit. What kind of bullshit is this where you think i'm seriously using the word "fag." It was used in irony. Also, if you dont like reading this blog, dont. it's so simple like that. If i dont like reading something, or listening to something, i just focus my attention on more compelling items. And if you're gonna say that i should turn my attention to more compelling things when dealing with Bush -- this is the sort of thing that effects people in a different way THEN A STUPID FUCKING BLOG ABOUT HOW I LIKE TO GET DRUNK AND PARTY.

 ATTENTION TV VIEWERS Incase you missed last night's TV watching awesomeness (like I did), Karen has your back. urlLink This posting is actually a must read, no matter what your situation is. RE: Yoanna, I think she's majorly hopped up on some Stacker2 because she's got this psycho excitment to her. S2 makes you totally fucking psycho. Like, "holy shit, it's 2am and i need to clean my room RIGHT NOW" psycho.

 UMMMM.... I just got really drunk on bizniz hours. It's ok tho, i work in rock and roll. That's what i tell myself. Anyway, i'm listening to "Apocalypse Please" by Muse at the moment. I'm on my fourth listen and each time i wanna fucking freak the fuck out. it's the best song, not counnting "hey ya!" that i've heard in ages. it's amazing. i wanna like, do something destructive and constructive all at once. i wanna scream. Please, for the love of God, please listen to this song. I will AIM it to you if you ask. I will fucking sing it for you. I want to listen to this song, and nothing but this song, for the next 15 hours. I know that i'm drunk right now, but i'm likethis when i'm sober as well. It's like I'm listening to Mozart for the first time and witnessing genius first hand. I can't listen to this loud enough.

 GUTS AND GLORY In case looking at GWB's face doesn't make you ill, apparently urlLink this Chuck Palahniuk short story will.

 WHEN VOTING THIS NOVEMBER, REMEMBER: HATES What a total douchbag dick face fag. Dude, last time i checked, church and state were not connected. Get your stupid face out of mine. Wonder if he'll do something about all the bullshit hetero marriages that take place every day -- i mean, if anything is disgraceful to the face of marriage, it's that. IN OTHER NEWS Remember kids, not all Republicans suck total cock! My very awesome older brother (whom is also a Libertarian) got the quote of the day on urlLink PoliticsNJ : Quote of the Day "In politics, it's not a good sign when you have to tell people you didn't beat your wife, and a very bad sign when your opponent has $2 million to suggest you did." -- Fort Lee Republican Lawrence Lewitinn, on the prospects of Bergen County Freeholder Louis Tedesco winning re-election.

 OK, FESS UP I really wanted to avoid asking this, but who urlLink did this ? Did we make out yet or what? You chose some good songs to put on your site and I love that scene from "My So-Called Life" so much.

 ON THE BRIGHTER SIDE OF THINGS... WELL, SORTA. Sorry for the 93rd update in the past hour. But urlLink this article totally made me stoked. Throw honorary Manc, Carlos De. into the mix and it's like, whoa. By the way, incase you didn't know, Carlos DJs at Black & White (in nyc, i think it's 11th street btw 3rd and 4th ave) on sunday nights after 11pm -- every sunday. He likes it when people show up. In related news, i'm gonna be djing with the rhythm section of the Smiths sometime in March at the Tribeca Grand. Not sure of the date yet, but details forthcoming.

 WELL, FUCK. urlLink Dont read this article while listening to death cab for cutie's song "transatlanticism." so utterly depressing, i'm hardly able to hold back the tears. What the fuck is happening in our world right now and what the hell have we done? What do i (we) do now? I don't mean to sound like a stupid fucking hippy, but I'm seriously overwhelmed with fright by this article. I understand that it might not be true and blown severely out of proportion, but if even 1/10th of it is based in truth, i'm seriously considering the future in ways that i've never. Do i want to have children if they'll be brought up in such awful environmental conditions? what sort of life can i guarantee them? what is the fucking point anymore? even alcohol can't remedy this situation, not to mention it'll leave me severely dehydrated and there's no water to spare.

 LED ZEP LOVES SATAN They do. For real. urlLink Listen . "Oh here's to my sweet Satan. The one whose little path would make me sad, whose power is satan. He'll give you give you 666, here was a little toolshed where he made us suffer, sad Satan."

 STOP THE PRESSES urlLink go here now . ruin underwear. repeat. Meet Your Maker.

 SHAKE YO ASS I'm DJing tonight. The party is gonna be, like, awesome. Here's where you find out about it: urlLink Misshapes . The party is being thrown by Greg K, Leigh, and Geo... of urlLink fatherfucker fame. If any of you went to Fatherfucker, you'll know that uh... I'll probably be making out with many, many, many boys who are of the, uh, homo. By the way, mention my name (ultragrrrl), at the door for free admission!

 ROCK THE VOTE, FOR REALZ How gay is it of me to actually want to vote for John Kerry after seeing this photo? I mean, totally not based on anything else other than "Holy shit, he hung out with John Lennon! That dude is awesome!" It's like one day I'm gonna say "screw you" to rock and roll and become a politician and suddenly photos will surface of me with Interpol, blood shot eyes, beer in hand, and my broken heart as my boyfriend leaves me for Meg White or something. Thank you urlLink Catchdubs! for that. Thursday night the Lot Six came to SPIN offices to perform a toned down set for all of us and some invited guests. They were fantastic and switched their sound from their typical post-punk sound to a more alt-country vibe. One of the members looked like Corey Feldman. That's never bad. I drank a lot. Afterwards I went down to Pianos. It was like a blogger power dinner/drinks. If someone walked in on us they'd realize how utterly dorky we all are. The entire time we kept on saying "so best" and "no buzz". Then Rob Holmes bought me and urlLink Scott a shot of tequila -- which I really didn't want. I pleaded "please! dont give me a drink. i will puke. i cant drink no more!" But they laid down the peer pressure and so i tried to drink the shot, but my throat closed up and the shot just wouldn't go down my throat. So i ended up spitting the tequila all over Rob and Scott's feet. Whoops! Then Rob bought another round of shots to give me another shot at drinking, and I managed to keep it down... frowning the entire time. Then i made out with Rob. Happily drunk, I sauntered down to the Bowery Ballroom with urlLink Jenny Penny and Lauren to see Franz Ferdinand , AKA, the awesomest band that makes me grow a peepee just so it can get hard. I can't believe I went to see them at Pianos a couple months ago and now they're headlining a sold out show at the bowery ballroom and with each show i'm getting more and more stoked. urlLink New York Doll got so stoked that she couldn't help herself from shouting out "OH MY GOD YOU'RE SO HOT!" ... uhh... which caused Alex the singer to start giggling while singing "Jaqueline." Please, if you can, please go see them live, or at least buy their album when it comes out next month. I'm gonna buy myself like 4 copies for me and my friends. I only have 3 friends. Ugh! Right now my parents wont fucking stop shouting about moisturizer. SHUT UP! It's like an episode of "Queer Eye" gone wrong. Asian urlLink Friendsters , unite and take over. Cute urlLink purses. urlLink Marc will find this particular tote very funny. Melissa Auf de Maur's urlLink music video . Aston Kutcher is urlLink 30 . But guess what, he's still hot and I'd still do him. urlLink Muse 's Absolution is getting released on March 23 in the United States of America. FINALLY! Uhm, this is, like, the best fucking album of 2003, and maybe 2004. And not only are they playing Coachella, but I think they're gonna do a tour until the summer across America, and if you're smart, you'll buy your ticket the moment they go on sale. Holy shit they're amazing. Watch this urlLink video and tell me if it blows your load or what. If it doesn't work there, try their website which is linked above. urlLink Barry the Scottish non-Teenaged Mailorder Boyfriend (and future blogger! uh oh!) has a doppelganger. His name is urlLink Johnathan Rice and Johnathan is going to be playing a bunch of shows in NYC. He's like Chris Martin meets Ryan Adams and, just like Barry, he's Scottish and 20. Listen to the Killers' urlLink http://www.thedevelopmentline.co.uk/clients/thekillers/" target="_blank">"Somebody Told Me" ... and I guess join their street team if you're in the UK. Uh... I love them maybe too much. urlLink "I'll take the rapist for $200, Alex." . Thanks to Baron for that one!

 PHOTOS FROM LONDON OF SLUTS! Or not sluts. urlLink Here . Download the Grey Album and fight the man, or something.

 DEAR LONDON, THANKS urlLink Karen has a much better round up of our trip to London.

 IF I TOLD YOU, I'D HAVE TO KILL YOU Lots of stuff happened, but here's some of it since it's all a blur and the important stuff I can't share. London was fun. Kim and David are the best. Greg and Raphael cause trouble in every room they walk into. Karen was a perfect partner in crime. We saw urlLink the Killers 3 times in 2 days. I was in the same room as urlLink Thom Yorke but not urlLink Muse (ha! i even stalked their us a&r guy at the nme's to tell him that was so stoked that he signed them -- he was like "i heard about you..."). I fell asleep during the urlLink NME awards while drinking a beer. Petted Imran's babe-magnet afro. Danced on stage with Whitehouse and tried to get kicked out of the awards. Went to an after party at the Key West Hotel (after calling it Key Lime about 9 times) that was being hosted by Jet and Har Mar. Senior from urlLink Junior Senior was hanging out. He's really gay. Didn't see Kate Moss. Danced a lot. Shopped. Ate things with mayo. Holy shit i drank so much that I started sweating beer. Pete urlLink Libertines tried to take my beer right out of my hands when i was telling the urlLink Queens of Noize that i thought they were hot -- which they are. I danced with boys. I danced with girls. I danced on tables and chairs. I ate nine plates of conveyor belt sushi from urlLink Yo! Sushi (the british are notorious for not knowing how to cook... so i stuck to things that didnt need to be cooked basically). I saw Joe from the urlLink Icarus Line . I saw a boy I like. I saw a couple of boys I used to like. I saw a couple of boys I'll always like. I danced with them. I walked to the tube station with Karen while very drunk singing the Killers and then upon realizing that i was about to get on to the Northern Line tube I started singing "Boarderline" by urlLink Madonna , but changed the words to "Northern line, feels like i'm gonna lose my mind, if you keep on pushing my tube to the northern line" or something -- i'm not sure since i was drunk and persuaded another drunk couple to join me in singing after i stopped them from physically fighting. People in England dont like Arabs so there were times when cabs wouldn't stop for me and my friends or restaurants wouldn't seat us. The exchange rate is bullshit. The tap water sucks. Coke (the drink) tastes like poo. My friends there in London, they're the finest. They're the sweetest. The soundtrack of my trip would include "Take Me Out" by urlLink Franz Ferdinand , "Rip it Up" by urlLink Razorlight , and "Transatlanticism" by urlLink Death Cab for Cutie . Photos are coming. I swear. Franz Ferdinand are playing tonight. Everyone's plus ones got taken away due to everyone wising up and wanting to go . So if anyone has a ticket for my roommate and a friend, please let me know. Thanks. Check out how smart Franz Ferdinand are (even if they dont mean to be). urlLink A Must Read .

 HEY I'm back. Update forthcoming. FYI - How shitty was "American Idol" last night? My evening was saved only by "America's Next Top Model". The overwhelming amount of British women and models i've been exposed to lately is forcing me to consider a change in diet, ie: stop eating. Say goodbye to the twins, they're always the first to go.

 HOLY SHIT I'M COMING! I'm leaving in a few minutes for London. if anyone hears about a secret muse show happening between now and wednesday morning in london you must tell me or else you're so fired. Thanks. I really appreciate that. Be careful. I plan on destroying everyone's brains in london like i did at Brian's birthday party.

 THE YUPPIES NETWORKING Drumline + Radiohead = urlLink Grammy Gold

 WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED? OK, so i'm gonna try my very best to recall what went on Saturday. The day started off taking urlLink Brian out to brunch at Clinton Street Bakery with Lizzy, Niki, Courtney, and Eva. The girls, naturally, loved Brian. Who became known as APBrian. All Purpose Brian. I would like to point out that both Niki and myself had two whole entrees for breakfast. I had a buttermilk bizkit sandwich AND huevos rancheros and Niki had two plates of something or another. I totally finished both my breakfasts. So full. Feed a cold, and baby, i had the flu. We went back home, I took a nap, and then woke up in a panic when i realized that during lunch Brian expalined what a PA amp was, and that I didnt have it. So I started frantically call people looking for one. I asked Nate the Roommate if he had one since he's in a band and apparently band's would be the most likely to have a PA amp. No dice. After about 85 frantic phone calls, stellastarr* fucking totally saved my sorry fat ass. Michael Jurin hopped into a cab and schlepped the PA amp and two massive speakers to Brian's loft. Me, dressed in a black tutu dress, helped bring the stuff up. Then we looked at pictures of naked women on Brian's computer and drank some of the PBR that Danburn had dropped off earlier as we waited for the Karaoke to get set up and the people to start arriving. Once the Karaoke was set up, and there was about 2 people there, I busted out with some Violent Femmes. Then Laura and I sang some No Doubt. At this point -- when there was about 10 people there -- i started losing my voice. A problem that kept me from singing anymore that night, but didn't prevent me from making a few special annoucements ("we've run out of beer. who would like to donate to the beer fund? please tip your karaoke masters!") in a very rhaspy, hardly audible, voice. Eventually the place started packing up and i was like, holy fucking shit. A bunch of my friends from growing up showed up, which was AWESOME. Evan and Jon, i've known since kindergarden, came. Noah came, just by chance, cause he heard about some cool party ... i've known him since sixth grade! Dan Marcus and Cat came, and I knew them since sixth grade also, and Marcus officially gave me the best ever gift -- a pair of die he made when we were in crafts class together in high school and a free tibet pin from when we were in the free tibet club. Hilarious! Even my friend Dan Valentino came. AMAZINGLY, Greg the boyfriend came up to me, only moments after we had made out, to tell me that he had just made out with a really cute girl. Moments later I found him MAKING OUT WITH CAT! I was so totally psyched! It was so totally fucking awesome. Someone gave me liquid vicoden, which i didnt take, but others did. The next day i got emails from friends who had taken just a bit of it and were still stoned. Crazy! I dont know what I did take, but all i know is that I couldnt remember any of the karaoke performances, but found photographs of me today standing right by the karaoke pit. The Aquariuses had pins made up by this guy named Lou (who brought some kids to the party whom were in, i think, Further Seems Forever, and recognized me as "the girl wearing a Muse shirt in spin" ... which prompted us talking about muse b-sides for about a half hour. yes i'm a total fucking fagdork). Lou, is an awesomely prompt pin maker and i would like to plug him now. He's got great prices on pins and his email is passingtimemerch@aol.com. The pins said the following, and were given out as party favors: i made out with ultragrrrl i kissed miss modernage danburn is my manwhore When I handed Greg the boyfriend my pin, he read it and looked up and said "this is true! on more than one occasion!" others protested that the pin was stating false information. Rob Sheffield and his girlfriend, Ali the Rocket Scientist, performed an incredible redition of "Total Eclipse of the Heart" that literally floored people. People are like, dude, did you hear that redition? oh my god! so best! My brother showed up, ready to party. Apparently he apologized to Brian the moment he walked into the house, just incase he did anything that was worth apologizing for. I also heard that he performed "Luck Be a Lady" and demanded that people donate to the beer fund stating "Frank wasn't sober when he sang this, and I shouldnt be either." The cool thing about having the party be a karaoke one was that it meant CONSTANT HITS! Like, every song is sure to be awesome and sung out of key and everyone was singing along. it was so sweet and touching. Well, the photos were at least. I remember while walking around that the songs were all awesome. Sid and Buddy are awesome at being Karaoke hosts. Jesus. They're like, 2nd to none. They have a weekly gig starting up this week at 10pm at Remote Lounge in the East Village. It's so totally worth participating in. OK, that's all that i can squeeze out of my head at the moment. I think i sort of want there to be parties like this one once a month. No guestlists! No price at the door! Enough room for everyone! and KARAOKE!

 SUCH POLLOCKS! Thank you Neal! Now, neither me nor urlLink whatevs , needs to update our blogs for the day! urlLink HILARIOUS! (btw, i dont like the Fiery Furnaces or Matzoh). Feb. 8, 2004 | If there was one good thing to come out of Nipplegate, it's that the big media -- and I mean you, Salon.com, thanks for the gig! -- finally started to pay attention to the real faboo writers out there in Netland. The moment that Tittiegate tore open, and I mean right away, there must have been 10 thou of us slapping our keys, figgerin' out the cultural score at halftime. It wasn't JanJax's boobie-oobie that was the big news, or Justin Pattycake's so very I'm-not-gay-rip-your-clothes-off-alterna-frat dancing. The coverage was way more important than the story. Our instant online commentary was so haps that if you blinked, you missed the word. Dancing Darlene and Joey Munch Munch were the best whores out of the gate. Much bling to them. The Day After, Nude Yorkie dot com scorched the Earth by interviewing Hellaslut, the rad DJ and blog bitch who started it all. By the way, I totally sang the Stills at after-hours karaoke last night. We're making gossip on our own termz now. Saggymelongate was last week. When you're a Hipster Winchell, there's no time to go blinkers. You've got to be watching all the time. I pronounce this The O.C. Returns To The Air, Finally, Week. Mischa, darling, eat some ham! Adam Brody, call me! Jannie Jackoo is a little fraidy red hen, and CBS is going to have a five-minute delay whether you like it or not, Jermaine Duprude. But that's OK, because my mind is always five minutes ahead. And who cares if the broadcast ends at 11:30 p.m.? That's when I usually wake up! Next weekend, I'm heading to Philly, the city of BroLo, to see the Fabulous Ms. Laverne, who looks just like Karen O. It's gonna kick! But first, the Grammys. Music is all about the jiggle, Dave Grohl, you phony Phoo Phighter. We can only pray for another Bazongagate. I'm lookin' at you, Meg White. POSTED AT 7:32 P.M. Note to Prince: Your songs are not going to work at the Bellagio, so quit trying. You're still too black for Vegas, baby. Is that Huey Lewis' horn section? Must be, if Justin Timberfake likes it. Quentin Tarantino thinks that Prince and Beyonc together are the bomb! Remember, QT, that some bombs can be STANKY. I wanna see Beyonc's right titty! It's very possible that cultural censorship could be the new fascism. Are you listening, VH1 producers? These are my obs, and they are hotttt! POSTED AT 8:06 P.M. The Beatles suck even worse when you substitute Dave Matthews for John Lennon. If you want danger, listen to the mofo Kinks! For pictures of me licking Miss Ellie and Pedro at New Wave Karaoke last night, click here. POSTED AT 8:19 P.M. Grammy cameraman! Please show more close-ups of Meg. I don't wanna see Jack. He's scary! The White Stripes will go down as one of the greatest bands in RAWK history. I knew it the first time I saw them at the Magic Stick. I've archived the photos from that show. Meg, baby. I will come to you in the dark of night when you call for me! I dare anyone to watch that performance -- come on, loserz, you know you're watching -- and tell me that rock 'n' roll is dead. MUSIC IS ALIVE IN AMERICA, PEOPLE! Like I said six months ago on PopCultureNotes, Jack White and Andre 3000 are the true musical geniuses of our time! POSTED AT 8:40 P.M. Great. "Cry Me a River," only the second-best tune ever with that title, just won an award for Most-Overrated Song. No apologies, wuss, no apolo ... Dammit! What occurred, Bustin Pimplesteak, was not "intentional," and was not "regrettable." No offense taken here. I had a stiffy that didn't go away until the fourth quarter. Now you get a Grammy, wigga, and we'll never get to see Janet's tatas again. Thanks a damn lot! Posting will be sporadic for the next 20 minutes. I'll be taking the subway into Manhattan. Nellie Sluttburger's having people over for a Second Half Of The Grammys party. She's promised some Spin-The-Bottle and Stoli Orange. You know where NellNell lives. Meet me there, you lame-o spazz! POSTED AT 8:54 P.M. Madonna-Whore took a few minutes off from writing her next kid's book, "A Childhood Garden of Chastity," to show off her friendship with Sting, who introduced her to her hubby, Guy Ritchie. Hey, Stinger? Can you invite me over to yer loncheria so I can meet Nicole Richie? She really soaks my panties. Sean Paul? I hear better rizzeggae on a Tuesday night in Williamsburg. This wuz just the first nite in a HUGE year for Hilary Duffmaster. This tyme next year, she won't just be presenting a Grammy. She'll be winning one. But watch your back, darlin'! I got the lowdown on Lindsey Lohan. "Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen" has the smoke and the fire. When is that freaky missy gonna be 18, anyway? Freckled and fine! POSTED AT 9:19 P.M. Oh, my god! Yoko Ono! That bee-yotch broke up the Beatles. Attention VH1 Producers. I have an idea. Last weekend, I was watching my Tivo of the Flock of Seagulls episode of Bands Reunited. The best! My palz Lemon Square and Love Muffin and I were tokin' and jokin', and I said, what about a show called "Breaking Up the Band," where the hosts spread nasty rumors and sleep with different musicians? It'd be like "Othello," but totally pop! Love Muffin offered to be the host. First up: the Strokes! Woof woof! POSTED AT 9:37 P.M. Black Eyed Peas, lookin' fine, ask, Where Is Tha Love? I got yer answer, right here, at the sweet-ass LES loft of the great Ms. Nellie Sluttburger. If there's one blogger whose hole we ALL want to plug, it's Nellie, esp. when she breaks out the Stoli mojitos. This woman, who coined the phrase "Brooklyn Pole-Sniff" while perfecting the position -- in reverse -- keeps the baddest damn Web site this side of St. Louis. As Lori The Backstage L.A. Prostitute says, "Nellie's not the sheezle, she's the beezle ebeneezle!" Word. It might have been nice if June Carter Cash had won a Grammy when she was alive, and you can quote me on that, Mr. Washington Post. POSTED AT 9:51 P.M. Oh, for the Passion Of Christ! The Best New Artist is not Evanescence. It has got to be Stellastarr* or Maybe Franz Ferdinand. No. Strike that. I love love love the Fiery Furnaces more than I love matzoh. And that's a lot. POSTED AT 10:04 P.M. Samuel L. Jackson tells us: Funk makes us move! Funk makes us dance! Funk is inside the people! Yassuh! It sho is! I likes to dance to da funk! Earth, Wind, Fire, Outkast and Robert Randolph. Damn! George Clinton better book P-Funk some time in Tha Cosmic Rehearsal Studio! All we need now is La Jacka's honkers to make the night complete. Ding-dong! FelonyMelanie just spun the bottle my way. I'm sorry. I can't hear you. There's a tongue in my ear! POSTED AT 10:21 P.M. The Foo Fighters and Chick Corea! Justin Timberlake and Arturo Sandoval! 50 Cent and Yitzhak Perlman! POSTED AT 10:32 P.M. Well, the Grammys sucked, as usual. The best music is in the hearts of the people, natch. Whoever didn't nominate Les Savy Fav, again, or Dizzee Rascal, for the first time, should have their pubes shaved. Gotta work tomorrow. Sux. If anyone out there knows of a job, any job, in the media, preferably writing but also editing or even publicity, email me. But I'm gonna need the weekend of May 1-2 off. Know that in advance. See you at Coachella, suckahs. Hey ya! POSTED AT 11:28 P.M.

 MORE PHOTOS! Here are urlLink more photos from the party. If you took any and wanna send them my way: slewitinn@spin.com

 HOLY FUCKING AWESOMENESS EXPLODED The Aquariuspotting birthday party was the fucking shit. Best party ever. Thanks everyone for helping make it so awesome. So much going on. Nobody got hurt. Nothing went bad. Everyone smiled and sang their little hearts out. I love people so fucking much. Details forthcoming, but until then, urlLink Nick 's got photos on his site and a round up. Oh, BIG THANKS goes to: urlLink Brian Battjer for allowing all of us crazy kids to have a party at his loft and for not freaking out when the place held more people then i would've imagined who were all drunk and having fun and also for not freaking out that Pablo Escobar's wet dream exploded in his bedroom. Also, because Brian is easily the nicest human you'll ever meet in your entire life... no matter how long you live and where you live. Also, thank you for being the object of desire for all my girlfriends who were swooooooooooning by the end of the night over you. Victoria, Brian's roommate for being awesome and letting us have a party at her home. urlLink stellastarr* for SAVING THE MOTHERFUCKING DAY by letting us borrow their PA amp and speakers. Holyshit, that would've been one whack party otherwise. Not to mention, the band came throught on the 11th fucking hour when i called an hour before the party and said "OH MY GOD I NEED YOUR HELP!" That's fucking friendship. urlLink Laura and urlLink Dan for sharing a party with me despite my retardation. Everyone, for coming.

 SO BEST EVS! Thank you urlLink Gabrielle for urlLink this delicious link.

 DARLING NIKI I forgot to mention the most important parts of last night's activities. First off, it was Niki's birthday. She had a birthday dinner with Lizzy -- on Lizzy's floor eating Mama's no less -- and then she was kind enough to escort me to Pianos where we danced while Belvy spun some fine tooonz. Some friends from far away came to visit as well. I had only 2 or 3 drinks (I think!) and a shot of tequila and ended up not being able to move in the morning AT ALL. I came late to work because as I was heading out the door (fully clothed in my jacket, hat, scarf, etc) when the toilet started calling my name. It was like "Hey Sarah, remember those drinks you had last night and how you mixed your alcohol? Guess what, bitch, you're gonna puke... NOW." So i dropped my purse on the floor and did my business, looked in the mirror and said "You're not drinking tonight!" I'm willing to take bets right now against that. Niki's got a gathering of friends coming into town for the night and she's taking US to dinner! It's like a Bat Mitzvah or something! Surely the wine will be the only thing that goes with gnocci. Saturday will be evil as well I'm sure. My birthday party (well, mine and urlLink Laura 's and urlLink Dan 's) will be drunk. Lizzy bought me this amazing black tu-tu dress from H&M and I'm a goth ballerina now. So much total buzz. Oh, and last night I made out with Rob Holmes. He was wearing eyeliner. It seemed right.

 SOMEBODY TELL ME What the shit happened to my left margin? How do i fix it? urlLink GRAMBO HELP ME!

 WHAT(EVS) SEEMS RIGHT I think that if someone from the OC says the following, I will retire this blog: Total Buzz No Buzz Durst So best I know they said "whatevs" already, but I'm talking about non-already established lingo that could be directly linked to urlLink Whatevs . If this happens, Whatevs will be the official king and we will all have to step down from our soapboxes.

 BUMP AND GRIND I got bumped off "The O'Reilly Factor" today. However, they might have me appear on the show on monday to discuss Grammys. Apparently Russell Simmons said something news worthy, so he's going on. Bummer. The real sad story is that I was gonna wear this Donnie Darko inspired shirt i made last night. I also DJed at Pianos last night. I dont think i'll be DJing there again on thursday nights. I think Keribomb and Belvy are awesome and sweet as could be -- however, their other promoter, Sarah, yelled at me for playing Madonna and Psychedellic Furs... saying the songs weren't rock enough (and that there was a strict NO MADONNA rule that i wasn't aware of). I was bumped off pretty abruptly and needless to say, I don't think Sarah and I get along.

 I'M COLD AND I'M ASHAMED I've sort of become obsessed with the song "Torn" that Natalie Imbruglia sang (but didnt write). I also really like the Jessica Simpson song "With You" now, since it sounds like whomever wrote it was listening to "Torn" on repeat 1,000 times a day like i've been. I think i'm gonna learn how to play guitar so i can write a song "Torn" for Mandy Moore. Why did urlLink this give me SNE? Here are some urlLink JJ72 Mp3s . And this definitely didnt give me SNE:

 SARAH'S SO BORING EVER SINCE SHE STOPPED DOING HORSE British police officers have urlLink some... uh... what? I dozed off for a minute.

 SPECTITULAR! Two things first: 1. I'm gonna be on the O'Reilly Factor on Friday night talking about the Grammys. Totally fucking weird, i know! 2. I'm going to London, England next Thursday for about a week. If anyone knows of any secrets shows or fun parties that I should check out, please let me know. Here's my email address: slewitinn@spin.com Last night was my birthday, so my family (my brother came up from DC!) took my out to Sushi Samba -- which is my favorite sushi restaurant. After about 4 sips from a mojito my mom was declaring her drunkeness. Naturally I had two drinks and was just slightly buzzed (tho i did order my parents a spicey tuna roll for no good reason). The place was so fucking noisey and at one point my mom yelled "Horay, she's finally leaving!" when the loudest girl at the table next to us got up to go to the bathroom. Afterwards I went to Village Karaoke with Lawrence to meet up with stellastarr* for some jamming. The boyfriends -- Greg and Raphael -- joined me, and by law I can't do karaoke without urlLink Brian . Even Julie Pie came down with two people from her office who are very cute: The tragically gay Shaw, and the Jewish Fabrizio named Ben. By the way, Shaw is tragically gay because he's as gorgeous as any man you'll ever see -- but you'll never have his babies! NOOOOO! Anyway, I sang many songs. "Hey Ya!" and "Seven Nation Army" and a New Order song with Michael ss* and at some point (ok, many points), i sang while lying on the floor. I also sang "Take Me Out" by Franz Ferdinand a capella style until my brother stole the mic from my hand... but it was Jonny Kaps' girlfriend Heidi who fucking stole the show with her asstacular karen-o-ified version of Zeppelin songs. By the way, it took me 10 minutes to get up on a table and start dancing. I think I had too many drinks because by the time I came home I was blabbering something vaguely incoherent to my roommate Nate who just smiled and nodded a lot. Monday night I went to dinner with Sarah Wilson and her girlfriends. We then hit up Rob Sheffield's birthday party where I was fed one shot at midnight. Rob is awesome, i'm glad my birthday is back to back with his. Tonight, I'm off to see urlLink Eva Cavela 's band called the Drive at Don Hills. Hopefully I'll be able to catch America's Top Model AND American Idol. Oh! And Marti Zimlin sent me a pair of fucking awesome shoes! They're mid-calf, satin, chuck taylors with a dragon stitched on the side. I'm a fucking ninja... just like my blind dog. Pop some urlLink bubble wrap . Two heads are better than one:

 SPECTITULAR Two quickies: 1. I'm gonna be going to London, England next thursday for about a week. If you know of anything interesting (like secret shows, good parties, etc) that i should know about, please email me: slewitinn@spin.com. 2. I'm gonna be on urlLink The O'Reilly Factor .

 SHAKEDOWN 1979 My brother is selling glasses just like the ones i'm wearing below on Ebay. urlLink Hurry up and buy them cause some dude bought them off my face the other day.

 Large Screen Projections + Drunk People = Lots of Fun. You know what? No matter how old i get, making the shadow of my hand poke people on projections just never gets old. It's like, awesome. When I DJed at Pianos today for the new urlLink Vicious day-time party that Audrey and Jasper are doing, I made sure to cup the butts of every footballer I could. I think they liked it. I started drinking today at 2pm during brunch. There's this place down the block from me called Essex and they serve unlimited mimosas for brunch and I think I had about 5 by the time i was done eating -- which was at 4. At Pianos I had about 3 more drinks -- you'd think that by some point during the day i'd be drunk like funk, but nope. Sober. Painfully sober. I think my brother was drunk tho. He sure was acting like he had one too many drinky drinks in his belly. I danced to some Madonna and boogied to the sounds of DJing by Dave from the Stills and Greg K (formerly Electro Greg). I think i'm gonna play "Sweet Caroline" by Neil Diamond more often. After the party I went over to Arlene's Grocery to check out urlLink Surefire . These kids are 17 and 18 years old and fucking talented as fuck. Plus, they're totally reviving the Prince Valient haircut. The boys performed about a dozen strong songs that were very power poppy -- kinda like Rooney. Oh my god, i'm so gonna write these boys a movie script like the Monkeys. They'd be awesome for that. Oh, by the way, the half time show today was crazy fucking shit. I'm no prude -- i mean, despite the rumors going around -- but that thing was like, whoa. You know, I'm all for Justin ripping the clothes off of women, particularly when one of those women might be me, but tonight was... OH WHAT THE FUCK AM I SAYING? I LOVED EVERY MINUTE OF IT AND WISHED HE TIT FUCKED JANET RIGHT ON THAT STAGE WHILE P.DIDDY STOOD AROUND TRYING TO SCRAPE UP ANY LAST BIT OF RESPECT THAT HE MIGHT HAVE AND THROWN OUT A BUNCH OF "UH UH YEAH, YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING, UH UH." urlLink Jason 's got a photo up already of this, but i'm gonna trump him with this one. Please look closely. It's like she's got SNE (spontanious nipple erection) and there's a star surrounding the nip that's about the size of her big areola. This, my friends, is my trump card:

 BLOGGA, PLEASE This is a photo of urlLink Greg the Boyfriend . Who may one day become Greg the Husband and then Greg the Anulled Husband and then back to Greg the Boyfriend. So let's just call him Greg the Boyfriend. Greg the boyfriend got the best ever MASH results known to human kind: You will live in House. You will drive a punk rock girl out of her mind. You will marry a demanding bitch and have sexy kids. You will be a spineless bastard in the bedroom . (you'd think he hates women or something...) Today i've grown totally obsessed with urlLink C.Lo 's "Mono." I dont have a clue what hit me, but this morning I listened to the song while reading the urlLink lyrics and just sort of felt like an angstful 15 year old again and started dancing around my room and singing along like I used to when I was in high school and hating things. It made me feel like a fucking million dollars. I think we all sold her short. Like the only way Courtney could redeem herself after all the mess she got herself into was to raise the dead... but she made a fucking great song. That should be enough. It's enough for me. I even love the bridge of the song that I didnt like before. I fucking love the chorus. I will be DJing this gem tonight for sure. And I'm so fucking excited for tonight's show. I don't think i could ever get enough of the Killers. They make my head go crazy sometimes because they're so good. Their last track on their album sounds like a song that David Bowie could've written. There are nights when I listen to it on repeat for an hour and drift off into vike enduced sleep. It's so pretty.

 WIN TICKETS TO SEE THE KILLERS! Wanna know what all the fuss is about? Now you can, for free. urlLink Go here to win tickets.

 FIGHT CANCER Please help the legendary Jackie Farry fight cancer. How? You can urlLink attend her benefit show. You can urlLink enter a raffle and win amazing things like: Tickets to Coachella Vintage Playboy Collection Signed, fram Coldplay Lithograph Guitar from Nick Zinner (Yeah Yeah Yeahs) Umm... and a shit load of other fantastic things that not only rule, but help fight cancer. Please help. Thanks.

 COME TO A PARTY TONIGHT Do you like to party? If so, please come to Bar 13 (on 13th and University in nyc) tonight at midnight for the stellastarr*, ambumlance ltd., killers after party! I think there's gonna be an open bar of stella beer at some point. So if you dont like to party but like getting drunk, this is also a good place for you to be. I will be DJing along with LCD Soundsystem, DJ Oil, and Karibomb, and the Alex's (english and malfunction). I've been dancing around my bedroom all morning, so I'm thinking that i'll probably be dancing throughout the day and until 4am. Please come dance with me, even though i dance like a drug monkey immitating ian curtis.

 HOW GAY ARE YOU? According to urlLink Spark's Gay Test I'm 38% gay. Which might explain urlLink my little escapade with Leigh "Gone Wild" Lazark. Catrinel sent me the gay test. Here's an IM we had: Ultragrrrl: i think i got a high score from touching someone's boobies. scad carats: apparently. this is an easier way to find out. scad carats: i think i got a high score from having sex with girls Right. That should clear that up. In something very ungay... urlLink here are photos from Mary's Tiki Wedding! They're very obviously the wave of the future.

 Thank you urlLink Megadork for posting urlLink The Game of Mash on your blog. So many hours in high school were spent playing this game. Most notably back stage during the Spring Musical and the Fall Play when I was doing tech crew and trying to figure out ways to entertain everyone. Anyway, i did mash twice with two different numbers cause I couldnt decide if I liked the number nine more then three. Here are my results: Using the number 3 as my favorite number: You will live in Apartment . You will drive a red hummer . You will marry Ben and have 5 kids. You will be a dj in paris . (I know about 40 Bens, so really, this could be anyone and they're all cute.) Using the number 9 as my favorite number: You will live in Shack . You will drive a pink subway . You will marry urlLink Brian Montouri and have 1 kids. You will be a A&R in Paris . (I was a bit more specific about which Brian. Coincedently, this Brian just stopped by my office to give me a drawing he made me of Neil Diamond ... he used his own pubic hair for Neil's chest hair. so sexy). Please post your results in the comment box.

 THESE BUNNIES LOOK LIKE PUPPIES I'm supposed to update my blog and discuss this weekend but i'm feeling totally uninspired cause there are some shitty people who like to talk crap on the internerd and it's making my head dizzy. So I'm gonna just sit in my glass house for tonight and hide all my stones. Actually, I'm gonna bury them. I guess what I will mention is that I had a nice weekend. The weather was nice for the most part and the people were nice for the whole part and I went to the Killers video shoot for "Mr. Brightside" with urlLink Karenplusone and never got sick of hearing that song after 49 listens. She's got a pretty nice round up from the day. She's got a pretty nice everything if you know what I'm saying. You can see the photos from the video shoot urlLink here . You might have to sign up for Ofoto for that, which is painless. I honestly can't believe how much I love the Killers sometimes. They make me wanna never stop dancing. And nothing makes me happier then dancing. But it's not only the Killers, it's also Franz Ferdinand. FF make me so fucking happy that i want to run down the street hugging people. "Almost Crimes" by Broken Social Scene is also fantastico plastico. the female vocalist is Leslie Feist -- she sounds so panic'ed and urgent -- it makes me want to cry. She sings like what heartbreak would sound like. Which reminds me, Mediaeater has some fantastic photos up from SXSW. Mediaeater is such a fantastic photographer -- you can almost hear the music through his photos. Look at: urlLink British Sea Power and urlLink photos from the greatest show i've seen in five years and urlLink the Secret Machines and urlLink the Killers and finally, urlLink Broken Social Scene . Speaking of lovely music, urlLink Dennis Cahlo is doing a residency at Pianos starting in April. He'll be playing in the upstairs lounge at 7:30pm on every sunday. For those of you who might be wondering who he is, Dennis used to be in the Realistics and I think that Niki and Lizzy are the two biggest Realistics fans ever... i mean, apart from urlLink Audrey . Also, I'm sad to announce that Nate the fantastic Roommate has found his very own east village studio. His departure is bitter sweet because this means that urlLink Lindsay is moving in. This is all very very exciting news. Lindsay is about to see how boring I really am and how I'm serious when I say "i like dating teenaged boys." I think i smell sitcom. Whoa, so much for no update!

 IN STEREO GUM urlLink Scott Stereogum is DJing sunday afternoon at Pianos for the urlLink Day After Party. Johnny Cragg from the urlLink twentytwos is also DJing and urlLink Poor Harvey is performing. I dont know anything really about Poor Harvey, but after listening to one (1) mp3, I think they sort of sound like the Libertines. I like the Libertines, and i like their companion band Razorlight, so I guess I would like Poor Harvey. Speaking of the Libertines... urlLink A Tale of Two Hoachers posted urlLink this fantastic link on their blog. Who are the Two Hoachers? Well, I know them. They're both british. One is from Essex but lives in London now, and the other is from Scotland and if it weren't for his fantastic skills as a writer/drinker/drunk you wouldn't be able to understand a word he says. I've made out with one of these hoachers, but that's not important. What is important is that they're pretty much the Libertines of the bloggaz, posting poetic gibberish mostly when drunk (and under the same name). A girl could only hope that they post more often, but alas, the Scotsman is a drunken stoodent and the other one is often busy attending to his hair. Please, you two hot men, please post more. The link is of the two libs singing on the Jonathan Ross show. Also, Nick Zinner from the Yeah Yeah Yeahs is having a photography exhibition starting today and ending on April 3rd at Gavin Brown's Enterprise at Passerby - 436 West 15th Street, between 9th & 10th. I'm gonna check it out tonight before heading over to NJ for shabbat dinner. I'm expecting to see lots of photos of hotel rooms.

 I'M POOR Seriously, I am. Anyone wanna buy me an ibook? Thanks.

 FOR THE LOVE OF YAHWEH! Will urlLink somebody please post their thoughts on last night's episode of "The OC!"? I was at Pianos last night with a fuckload of blogheads when I called Greg the Boyfriend to see if he wanted to join me at North Six for urlLink Sons&Daughters . He was like "call me after the OC" and i was like "why? it's a repeat." and he's like "no, it's a new episode!" and so i grabbed Guilia by the hand and we RAN to my house as fast as our little feet could take us and made it back in time for the second half of the show. Hi Alienhead, i'm sleeping with your mom buzz. I met up with Greg at North Six for the Sons&Daughters show -- which was fantastic. It's like they listen to nothing but the "O Brother Where Art Thou" soundtrack and Gang of Four -- busting out a mandolin that made Greg weep and a passing around their bass guitar like a ho in a frat house. I was quite impressed to say the least by their male/female vocal charms, and i think their guitarist/singer scott has made it official: The Scottish are Producing Cute Boys. And lots of them. First Barry, then all of Franz, then J.Rice, and now SonsScott... and I wont forget the patron saint of scottish hotness: Ewan McGregor. Keep it coming, you kilt people, keep it coming.

 COME ON HOME OK, so I gotta run, but a few things before I go. Sons&Daughters are playing at North Six tonight. Not sure what time, but I'm guessing around 11 or 12. I highly recommend them to any Franz Ferdinand fan. Kill Hannah is looking for extras for their video shoot: Calling all Kill Hannah Fans! Come join Kill Hannah as they shoot their first music video, for "Unwanted". Kill Hannah is looking for faces and fans to appear in the video, to be filmed on Thursday, March 25th in Long Beach California. CASTING CALL TUESDAY MARCH 23RD @ 10AM-12PM @ THE STANDARD HOTEL IN THE MEETING ROOM 8300 Sunset Blvd 323-650-9090 To confirm: heather@nylonmag.com Talk about urlLink phoning in your part. I like Snow Patrol and now you might see why by checking out their juke box here: urlLink click . they're not as good as Muse, but Nate the Roommate likes them loads. they're playing at the Bowery Ballroom April 19. My friend Oli found urlLink this and i found it totally entertaining. Especially the factual errors about my work history. And finally, I'm DJing with the guys from the Smiths again. Grab a bunch of black pieces of clothing and show up here: S A T U R D A Y A P R I L 3rd, 2 0 0 4 G I R L S & B O Y S and GBH britpop.indie.newwave.postpunk.electro.shoegaze present: ANDY ROURKE & MIKE JOYCE original members of THE SMITHS DJ set witness the final public date of their 15 city US/Canadian DJ tour. they have played to sold out venues of 1400 + in Miami, LA, San Diego, Phoenix & San Francisco. the first 200 people in the door will be immediately eligible for a special and private engagement on Sunday, April 04.04. so come early! live music by: MADISON STRAYS (live) BASTION (live) THE JOHN SPARROW (live) DJs: Ultragrrrl (Spin Magazine) DJ Oil (Kanine Records) Alex Malfunction (Trash!) Alex English (Social!sm) playing britpop.indie.newwave.postpunk.electro.shoegaze 9.30pm - 5am 18 to enter 21 to drink please bring ID cheap drinks $5 import beers | $5 well special $10 w/ a flyer or print out $15 w/ out flyer or print out adv tix $10 @ Other Music Centro-fly 45 West 21st Street @ 6th Avenue 212.627.7770 Ben Sherman, Socialism, Other Music, Filter Magazine, Earlash.com, GBH, Kanine Records

 LONG TIME COMING So I've finally jumped on urlLink the Delays wagon that I believe was started by urlLink Karenplusone about a thousand months ago. She played me "Long Time Coming" while we were in London in February and I was like "this chick is awesome, she's like a poppier stevie nicks and this song makes me wanna dance in a feild of flowers with fairies and cute boys with clean hair." and she's like "it's a dude." and i was like "great. i wanna make out with him... sober." Such dreamy vocals and sounds. Oh dear Delays, you make pot seem so expensive. who needs drugs when you've got this? The poor people who have to sit around my desk have been listening to "nearer than heaven" and "long time coming" on a constant loop. Last night I did Lindsay's Ritalin Readings which was so fucking fun. The house was totally fucking packed. I had no idea that people liked to watch other people read out loud. Whenever I read something to someone in my family they're like "let me just read it for myself. i can read." so the concept of someone wanting to watch someone else read for no reason at all totally blows my mind. But alas, there were about 100 people there waiting to watch us readers read. I gave a shout out to my bloggas and pour a little of my beer out for urlLink Whatevs who was in D-town. Afterwards i went to see Americas Next Top Model with Karen plus one and cute Andy. I knew the winner would win from the very first episode. Sure, she's a little Stacker2ish, but she's like a total beauty cream campaign waiting to happen. Then we went to see the lovely talented Johnathan Rice perform at the Living Room. Well, Andy didnt come cause he was sleepy but Karen and i sat up close and cooed every time he spoke from stage. He's scottish. Sounds like a mix btw ryan adams and chris martin and is 20. So effing endearing, it's painful. Karenplusone rounded up the night better then i feel like doing, so just go to her site. I will talk about the hickey's Sarah Wilson gave me though. Three of them actually. That was fun -- not really. She totally neck raped me in the front room of the living room and I left the venue with three gigantic bruises on my neck that are unsightly. this morning i had to do some tv thing for vh1 and the make up artist spent about a half hour trying to cover them up. i'm doing an mtv thing later today and so i'm thinking of rocking them sans make up and hair pulled back. my mom will be proud. Go see Johnathan Rice next tuesday at the LivingRoom. You'll like it. And it's free. Oh, and Muse's album came out yesterday. Go buy it.

 DEAR PITTY SING I've been listening to your EP a lot lately. Prompted by guilt perhaps. Prompted by needing something fun in my ears. Prompted by many things. But basically, you guys are fantastic. Your music is fantastic. urlLink Pitty Sing you make me happy that I listen to the EPs that land on my desk. I'm sad I'll be missing your show next month, but I'm sure it will be fantastic and if I were there, I'd be upfront dancing the entire time. And also, for what it's worth, I'm sorry. Love, Sarah

 I CAN SORT OF READ urlLink Lindsayism and urlLink Jasper are holding their first ever urlLink Ritalin Readings at Pianos tonight and were nice enough to ignore the possibly true rumors that i can't read. I can read. Sort of. Not well, but I can. It's tonight starting at 8pm and readers can only read for 4 minutes each. At 10pm, the impossibly cute urlLink Johnathan Rice will be performing right next door at the Living Room. The show is free and he's worth every penny.

 JUST BACK FROM AUSTIN Alright, so i just got back from Texas. It was loads of drunken fun and loud music and bbq and little boys. Thanks to the readers of this blog who came up to say hi to me. it was so fucking awesome meeting you all. Franz Ferdinand put on the best show i've seen in about 5 years, if not ever. My memory is such crap, but i've never felt so much joy as when I danced to "Take Me Out" while the floor below my feet bounced and two people stage dove. The chemistry between Alex and Nick is unbelievable -- totally homoerotic and sexy, you could cut it with a knife. Mind you, they played the first night i was at SXSW, so they managed to raise the bar really fucking high for everyone else. Oh, and they played "The Dark of the Matinee" aka "Hava Neglia", which was extra fucking special. The Hives were absolutely amazing at the SPIN party, as were the Killers, the Von Bondies and the Bronx. It was one of the Hives' first american shows in a long time and the crowd was totally mental. I think i'd enjoy the hives even if i watched them on mute since Pelle is such a great frontman. The Vice party was pretty fucking special as well. Set at some house just outside of the center of all the sxsw activity, death from above, the fever, and the stills played the backyard as cute people walked around everywhere drinking pabst and dancing inside the house to a great dj. it was like a high school party that you might see in a john hughes movie. thinking about it makes me want to cry.

 MUSE TICKETS FOR BOWERY SHOW ON SALE AT NOON Ticket's to Muse's first NYC show in 4 years go on sale at noon today. You can get tickets urlLink here. You can pretty much expect that this will sell out pretty quickly, so jump on it people.

 HEY GIRL, GET ON THE DANCE FLOOR Is anyone going to see the following shows tonight in nyc? urlLink Razorlight at urlLink Mercury Lounge - 9pm urlLink Johnathan Rice at the Living Room - 10pm I am so in love with Razorlight's single "Rip it Up" ... Yeah, sure, it does sound like the Libertines minus the homoeroticisim that Kiran loves, but it's got a beat and you can dance to it and it's probably about the urlLink Queens of Noize ... and they're so fucking cute, i'd write songs about them too. And Johnathan Rice is a 20 year old scottish FOSC (friend of saddle creek) who is a singer/songwriter and not typically up my alley, but i saw him play for starsailor a couple months ago and fell into a spell. I didn't like starsailor before this show either, so i'm thinking that it's possible that urlLink Laura/temp drugged my urlLink sesame medallions . In late breaking news, Baron talks about buying a urlLink dust ruffle . My goodness. C.Lo is totally urlLink fooking nuts . Thanks to cumdumpster for that one. urlLink This doesn't seem too kosher. [link from urlLink best week evs blog ] Also, urlLink Karen , where the fuck are you? Have you been kidnapped by the urlLink TCTC ? If you know the whereabouts of this blogger, please tell me. Did anyone see urlLink "I Want a Famous Face" last night on MTV? I would like to know, first of all, who pays for the surgery? Are the parent's seriously incredibly rich that they were like, "Ok, kids, we gave you really terrible genetics, so we'll pay for all these things to fix your weak features" cause to be honest, the boys weren't that bad looking. Granted, they didn't look like Brad Pitt before hand, but they didn't really look like him afterwards. But they did look pretty good afterwards -- i think they should've just tried getting their hair done and their skin fixed in the first place instead of spending all that dough on surgery. but that's just me... i mean, work with what god gives you before opting for surgery. Also, the porcelain teeth were totally unneeded. They had great teeth before hand.

 MY MILKSHAKE BRINGS ALL THE BOYS... Member of urlLink this band seem to have won the good looks lottery. Sounds like Iceland is getting into garage rock. I'm kinda surprised that I like the Fever's new album. I figured I only liked them live and not on record. But alas, their recorded material is hot. urlLink This Milkshake so so effing hilarious. This link is for the bassist of my favorite band. Jews will do anything to save a dollar. Here's an IM i got from Adam: adammandel: i just stood in line for the 2nd ave. deli thing adammandel: it was insane adammandel: probably a 5 hr. wait adammandel: this homeless guy went down the line screaming "you are all crazy, its just a sandwich" urlLink Safe for Work Porn , link from the perverts at urlLink ProductshopNYC

 CAN I HAVE YOUR ATTENTION PLEASE Muse just confirmed a show at Bowery Ballroom for April 14. Please mark your calendars. No idea when it goes on sale. But urlLink Jay Belin is the fucking man for telling me. This weekend Nate the roommate had a friend over from Tampa. We were hanging out in the kitchen and she asked me if i could recommend any albums. I drew a blank when every band i mentioned she had already played out. Then she came home a few hours later and was like "Hey Sarah, ever hear of this band called Muse? Virgin had their album on sale -- and it was an import -- and it's really great!" She heard the album on the listening station and fell in love with "Apocalypse Please" immediately. I'm telling you, the album is amazing. Anyway, i think Mandy and I are meant to be. We also both complained about the album's artwork. It's so ghetto. I'm no artist (Mandy is though), and we both complained about the font. I guess that's not much, but for such an awesome band, i would want a bit more awesome thought into the font. They should've done "typewriter" font or something i think. Oh, and urlLink Laura slash temp bought the album also and texted me saying how much she loved it.

 PRINCE IS PLAYING A SECRET SHOW TONIGHT AT 11PM AT CLUB BLACK Compare urlLink this New York Times article about Ryan from the OC with urlLink my encounter with Ryan from the OC at the Sounds show last month. Funny. Thanks to urlLink Miss Modernage slash temp for the link. Oh, about this posts' subject heading ... go to urlLink ticketmaster.

 STOP ME OH OH OH STOP ME So last night I totally DJed with 1/2 of the Smiths. Not only did I DJ with them, but I also danced with them to Vanilla Ice's "Ice Ice Baby" and exposed them to Bon Jovi's "Livin' on a Prayer" ... Mike Joyce, who has seriously aged about 4 years, said "I like this bassline" and i replied with something nearing unintelligible like "this song is about 20 years old, if you think it's innovative, then it must be way ahead of it's time." I have no idea what that means AT ALL. Anyway, the rhythm section was sweet and posed with fans for almost the entire night and Andy Rourke, who grew his hair out long and wears tinted shades, played some Joy Division and Pulp and even played "Bigmouth Strikes Again." Holy crap. I pretty much spent the entire night freaking the fuck out and clutching Kris saying "Holy shit, i just met half of the smiths! holy shit!" Speaking of Kris, ich bin super fantastic. He brought me the "Take Me Out" single on vinyl that had a remix of my favorite song ever. Speaking of which, i may or may not have said "that's my favorite song of all time!" to mike joyce about "take me out." Not sure. Cutest fan of the night: Jakob from urlLink Surefire . Oh, and dare I forget to mention that urlLink Audrey was an amazing DJ last night. She busted out George Michael's "Freedom" and got the whole fucking room dancing like they were supermodels... giving for what they take. So I was thinking about it... if I went back in time 9 years and told my 15 year old self that I was going to be DJing with 1/2 of the Smiths the following conversation might happen: "Hey Sarah, guess what, in 9 years you're gonna DJ with a couple of the Smiths." "Shut the fuck up! No way!" "Yes way." "Holy shit. What the fuck do i do until then?" "Well, you drink. And you drink a lot. You drink so much that you gain a few pounds, but it's ok cause you get boobies as a result." "Awesome." Saturday night, after failing to find the location of Daniel's engagement party, I went to CBs to DJ the Good Time Party. The boyfriends came. Sarah came. This adorable girl named Dana and her boyfriend Justin came. People danced. People offered to buy me drinks and i happily allowed them to. Brunch at Clinton Street Bakery took a lot of energy out of me (but i look forward to eating there all week long...mmm...), that i slept for most of sunday before heading over to Pianos for the Day After party where me and my friends called each other cumdumpster. urlLink Scott Stereogum is such a cumdumpster. Oh, and i forgot to mention that i saw Fight Club. I mean, Secret Window starring Johnny Depp with Hot Ben. We ate falafels instead of popcorn and pretend we were on a date. Johnny Depp is maybe the most likable actor ever? What happens when Jay-Z and Weezer get mashed up? urlLink Jay-zeezer .

 I SAY DON'T YOU KNOW... Yesterday was the fucking gorgeous urlLink Lindsayism 's Birthday (Happy Birthday btw, i know i text you and shit, but like, i'm blogging it now cause that's what we do, us bloggers). So i went home to NJ for some shabbat dinner with the fam and to give my ninja shihtzu some kisses, and then went into the city with my brothers so they could drop me off at Siberia. urlLink Audrey was rocking the wheels of digital steel and everyone was having a really fucking great time. I saw hot Ben, made out with cute urlLink Andy , got into a near fist fight with urlLink The Minor Fall the Major Dick . OK, that last part is not true, i dont think. But the bar owner kept on buying me drink after drink. Me so ill.

 UNDRESS YOUR EYES I'm gonna be DJing (aka human jukeboxing) at two places this weekend. Saturday: CBGBs - downstairs. 9pm-4am for urlLink this awesome party . Sunday: S U N D A Y M A R C H 14th, 2 0 0 4 Tribeca Grande Hotel & GIRLS & BOYS present: a special DJ set by ANDY ROURKE & MIKE JOYCE (THE SMITHS) original members of the legendary band THE SMITHS... The pair are also currently in a new project called Vinny Peculiar. plus: Ultragrrrl (SPIN Magazine) Melody Nelson (MelodyNelson.com) Alex Malfunction (GIRLS & BOYS) Alex English (GIRLS & BOYS FREE Admission 10 - 2am RSVP to sessions@tribecagrand.com with Spin/Smiths in the subject line for other tourdates by the duo: urlLink click here

 SO MUCH BUZZ Thanks to urlLink KarenPlusOne you get to see the KILLERS VIDEO!!! the video is really different then the one i have (which was a rough cut)... this version is so much fucking better -- i didnt think that was possible!

 WIN TICKETS TO THE SPIN PARTY AT SXSW Hey. So I've got a pair of tickets to give away for the party that SPIN is having in Austin, Texas for SXSW. Here are the details: Friday, March 19 Noon - 5p Free Beer, Free BBQ, and Free Music The Hives - 4pm The Von Bondies - 3pm The Killers - 2pm The Bronx - 1pm Host: David Cross The way to win is by answering the following trivia question: What's the name of Thom Yorke's son? If you know the answer and will be in Austin, TX on March 19, post on the comment thing with your email address.

 WHAT WAS I NOT THINKING? Introducing your new favorite band urlLink Bloc Party . Many, many, many months ago, my very hot entertainment lawyer friend, Oliver Isaacs, sent me an MP3 of a band called Bloc Party that didn't really care too much for. I think it reminded me of watered down Radio4. Then I found out that my friend Tim Vigon was managing Bloc Party, which surprised me cause they didn't seem up his alley. Then Imran was all up my ass about Bloc Party cause the singer is black just like him. Finally, Oli sent me the link to urlLink Flux Blog where I found an urlLink MP3 by the band . Well, fuck me. I slept on that one, didn't I? Thank you to my british friends (who all have surprisingly fantastic teeth and shower regularly) for their pressuring. And shame on me for not checking them out in London.

 UH OH... I'm urlLink Lindsay's first "Date My Friend" . Not so surprisingly, nobody has sent in a response except for Ben Chappell.

 THE FOLLOWING IS FOR JASPER Here's a super early urlLink X-Mas gift . Giant Drag's music video for "This Isn't It."

 RUMORS RUMORS Someone from Berklee School of Music told me that Pitty Sing were not put together by the label and that they actually met in college. That story did seem a bit odd to me. The reason why I beileve MY source is because he doesn't actually like the band at all and is an old internerd friend. So with that behind us, let's just hope that the band work on getting their live show down and make those EP fans, like myself, proud.

 HOLY HOMOS! A little urlLink sumthin' sumthin' for the gay readers.

 LISTEN TO THE KILLERS LIVE NOW Listen to them live: urlLink Here. Look at them be pretty (and hear their single): urlLink Here

 SUPERSIZE ROBBIE? I'm kinda loving the new Robbie. He looks sort of huggably soft or something. Like, you know he sort of wants to snuggle with you on his couch watching the OC. My theory with boys: skinny is fantastic, but if you wanna pack on the el bees, go ahead. Make me feel less... uh... you know, thick. To be honest, for a second I was like "ack!! get that man the von bondies album and have him do some sweating to the singles" because, c'mon, i loose calories listening to "C'mon C'mon" ... but you know, he's on vacation now. Let him pack them on. It's not like he can't get laid or anything as a result. The only thing... doesn't he sort of look like a little person in this photo? Like Station Agent size. Photo via urlLink Stereogum

 TAKE ME OUT Jesus Christ. How the fuck did i manage to forget to mention that yesterday Franz Ferdinand's album came out. Run out and buy it even if you own it digitally already. Fuck that. I have a hard copy from the label, a vinyl single, an import... and i'm still gonna buy the album cause then i'll be supporting bands that deserve support, and Franz is one of those bands. Also, their $1.5 mil paycheck is grossly exaggerated. Believe me. And even if that were the case, they deserve every last penny. They're the modern day Smiths as far as I'm concerned. Buy the album: urlLink Here. Now. Do it. Do it. Look at how cute Kris Chen is: urlLink Here. urlLink Jasper has some great photos of Franz Ferdinand: urlLink Here. Everyone loves Franz Ferdinand. Not only my homobro, but even TIME MAGAZINE. Their parent's must be proud. Read the article: urlLink Here.

 Q: DO YOU THINK I'M SEXY? AND YOU WANT MY BODY. COME ON BABY LET ME KNOW. A: Yes. Even with that sun-in hair and the chances of you saying "i only hit you cause i love you."

 C'MON C'MON I've been meaning to post all day, and all last night, but the internerd has been whack. Basically, urlLink Marc Spitz got me the most thoughtful gift a human being has ever gotten me (not including family members). He brought me back from Los Angeles the tea cup that Morrissey drank out of during his interview with him. I was holding the tea cup in Sia's office showing it to her and miming how I would be drinking tea/coffee out of it when it dawned on me: Morrissey actually put his lips on that cup and it's never been washed. I literally started jumping up and down with more excitment in my mind than ever before. Seriously. I've never been so completely excited about an imanimate object before in my life. I think the last time I felt excitement like this was over an actual human being that i was actually in love with. How shallow can I possibly be? As shallow as a tea cup apparently.

 CONFESSIONS OF A.... ... Really Shitty Movie . Do not, I repeat, do not, go see Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen . It's not good. This is coming from a person who would rather sit at home ordering Mandy Moore movies On Demand and viewing the deleted scenes of the Olsen Twins' "When In Rome" than make out with drunk boys. I know my teen movies, and this one was... No joke, midway through the movie, Sarah Wilson stood up in her chair, wrapped her hands around my neck and mimed choking me. We sat there loudly critiquing the film -- as if we were suddenly Siskel and Ebert -- declaring a lack of character development and repeating the incredibly stiff line delivery and shitty dialog writing. In the end of the movie (yeah, i'm gonna spoil it for you all), Lindsay's character ends up with this school friend whom she realizes is reality while the rockstar she'd been pining for was a fantasy. Mind you, the school friend literally had about 4 lines in the movie, 2 minutes of interaction with Lindsay, and the two of them had just about as much chemistry as a pair of nickles stacked ontop of each other. This left Sarah and I leaving the theatre going "OH MY GOD, worst movie ever!" While a bunch of parents stared at us like "Uh... go see something your own age you fucking hags."

 SEEING DOUBLE. NO ALCOHOL NEEDED. I was just looking at Greg the Boyfriend's urlLink friendster page and decided to look at his photos (cause I think he's cute and I haven't seen him in a long time and wanted to see something cute again) when I came across this photo. For a moment I thought "Wow, that boy standing next to Greg is really cute and looks a lot like Greg. I wonder why I've never met him before. I wonder what his story is. I wonder when I can make out with him," when I remembered... It was our last night in London and I had just professed my love to a boy and was drunk with thoughts of "what the fuck..." My belly was filled with sushi and sake and my shirt was covered in soy sauce. Needless to say, I was a wreck. Me and the boyfriends, Greg and Raph, went to urlLink Trash where I refused to drink and refused to dance and spent the night staring at the British boys who looked like Williamsburg hipsters and wouldn't even glance in my direction. I felt hopeless, unsexy, unhappy, uneverything and just declared that I wanted "to go home because I really don't feel like pulling tonight and throwing my heart around like that" (finally, right?). Anyway, in the midst of a post drunken, veering on sobriety lonesomeness, someone, maybe Raphael or Andrew or Marisa (Andrew and Marisa are both from NYC and came for the trip with us) found Greg Johnson's twin. We were in shock. We begged Greg to pose with his twin and scared the twin away by laughing and pointing. Finally someone approached the twin and tried to explain what was going on. The twin and his friends were foreign -- Italian maybe -- and couldn't really understand a word we were saying until someone pointed at Greg and then at the twin and it all clicked into place. Suddenly about 6 people were surrounding the two boys trying to get them to stand next to each other for the photo of the lifetime. Everyone, Americans and Italians, were freaking out over the resemblance. The Twins were unamused. Force was used. A photo shot. Greg is on the left.

 WHY DIDN'T ANYONE TELL ME... ...how fucking awesome Asobi Seksu is? Everytime they played a show it was either Shabbat or on a date that I couldn't make it, and holy shit, they were amazing tonight. Like, better than amazing. They were like Interpol but fronted by a super hot Japanese woman and a little more harder. For the record, Interpol are my favorite band. But this band was fantastic and gave me that "close your eyes and listen until the strobe lights come on and then just get super fucking drunk cause it's also purim" feeling. Also, urlLink Dennis Cahlo ? Apart from the obvious "holy shit, he dedicated a cover of 'NYC' to me"... the boy sings like an angel. I was thinking that it must be really hard for some singers to have actual, genuinely fantastic voices in NYC because you live in such small quarters and can never experiment with your vox. However, Dennis's voice is as stunning as Thom Yorke's or Jeff Buckley's. Easily. Anyway, that's what I did tonight. This afternoon I went to the Midnight Cafe with Lizzy to meet up with Brian and Grant for some brunch but managed to eat some of the worst eggs I've ever had. I'm usually really easy to please when it comes to food -- it's not uncommon for me to indulge in two meals at brunch -- but today i was like gagging to hold my food down. Also, I was in the middle of telling my posse about some great high school story that involved me taking 13 shots of vodka (with milk as a chaser) just so i could tell my best friend at the time that i had a crush on him... when the room went silent just as i said "in high school, my best friend hated VOMIT".... causing the entire fucking restaurant to turn around as if I was saying "I HATE JEWS!" or something. I mean, the entire fucking morning we had been yelling to each other about blowjobs and anal sex and like the most crude stuff you'll ever hear, and when i fucking say "vomit" the place goes silent. Naturally. Whoa, Kid from Kid n Play hosts Showtime at the Apollo? Since when? Holla! I'm not drunk right now. Lame. I should be. I'm on my fourth drink and bailed out of going to Misshapes. I think if i were there I would probably be passed out in a corner or making out with someone. You know, the normal night. I feel like I've had five years of those nights.

 SMILE LIKE YOU MEAN IT Some things and then I'm going to bed (my lathargy prompted my mom to tell me that i was anemic when i was little... i had no clue!). If you see urlLink this girl , please tell the police. Hopefully she's alright. I've got some DJ gigs coming up: Saturday, March 6: Sin-e. urlLink Asobi Seksu record release party and show featuring Dennis Cahlo from the Realistics. Lots of hotness and cute Japanese people. Saturday, March 13: CBGBs. urlLink The Good News Party . Click on that link cause Alvin did this amazing animation movie and for the first time ever, I'm a bonafide cartoon, doing "the dance" that urlLink the mystery girls love. Sunday, March 14: Tribeca Grand. This day will otherwise be known as the best day of my life this month. I'm DJing with Andy Rourke and Mike Joyce of the Smiths . If urlLink Marc Spitz comes, he'll have met 3/4 of the Smiths in one month. The dude gets like 100 pts in my book for bringing me back the tea cup that Moz actually drank out of. Total Buzz. Saturday, March 17: Chelsea Piers. urlLink Fight Childhood Lukemia and drink and dance the night away. I know that it seems a lot to pay $60 at the door for an event, but after that it's open bar and nonstop ass shaking music and most importantly, it's for a really great cause. Well, that's it for March I think.

 FREE MARTHA! Look. A little naked boy with a monkey on his head. urlLink Martha is guilty. My mom is gonna be pissed. Last night I urlLink had urlLink a urlLink bunch of urlLink bloggers/temp over my house to increase my dorkatude. I played them the urlLink Killers album once and then they wanted to hear it again and again. Sadly, urlLink Giulia wasn't there to fawn at images of Brandon Flowers. Tim from London came over and so Sarah Wilson made her return to Apt #3a to celebrate. Also, someone made someone else puke and my toilet broke. I kicked everyone out before 1am because I like to sleep these days. And then i forgot that I was supposed to go to Remote Tavern to meet up with Brian and Catrinel, but eeek... change of pliz-ans. I just got urlLink Johnathan Rice's album in the mail today. He's so super fantastic. Just a simple singer song writer with a voice that varies between Ryan Adams and Chris Martin. First a 2 headed baby and now a urlLink three headed frog ? Seriously people, time to start worrying about water pollution. SARAH'S SO EXCITING NOW THAT IT'S PURIM AND BY JEWISH LAW SHE IS REQUIRED TO DRINK UNTIL SHE CAN'T SEE NO MO . Learn more on urlLink Karen Plus One and Manishewitz . And something urlLink very cool that Alex P sent around.

 SHOPPING FOR LOVE Last night I realized that I love urlLink Jason , and shouldnt toy with his feelings. Sorry. We'll still have the three kids. The house. The car. The Passover dinners.

 PARTY ON So SPIN's SXSW Party is officially announced. Friday, March 19, 12-5pm (I put up the wrong date before!). Here's the line up: The Bronx The Killers The Von Bondies The Hives Hosted by: David Cross DJ: Me! Guess who is fucking stoked? Me. That's who.

 I'VE GOT SOUL BUT I'M NOT A SOLDIER I just got the new urlLink Killers album in the mail yesterday. Oh, not only did i get the whole mother fucking album, but i also got the music video for "Somebody Told Me" and have literally watched it several times in the first half hour of receiving it. They're on a desert -- but they're so hot already. God loves the Killers. I know it. Once you get your hands on this album you're gonna be blowing loads all over your keyboard while writing me emails saying "dear sarah, thanks for telling me about the killers." The last track sounds like the song Bowie never wrote. OK, so the midweek report: Monday: Went to dinner with Maureen and then went to see the acoustic urlLink Morning Theft (starring Rob Holmes) at Pianos. Rob's voice is so great and I am really starting to get worried that I'll be fucked waiting out in the rain to see them play in a couple months. They're like the Psychedelic Furs meets the Pixies -- which might sound really odd, but it works amazingly. Plus, as if they needed to win me over, they dedicated Muse's "Plug-in Baby" to me. Tuesday: Ok, so Tuesday's plan was to meet up with my friends from high school since Allison Mann was in town from Boston. I had a work dinner first with the lovable Mikey Skinner from the Streets who looks like he has been going to the gym a bit cause his arms are looking diesel. I spent the entire night exchanging war-omance stories with Tim Vigon. Poor dude could hardly get a word in edge wise cause i spent the whole time going "...and then..." So afterwards I went to Sin Sin to visit the high school friends, Evan, Cat, Marcus, Allison, Jon, and Noah. The music downstairs was whack and the music upstairs was so-so, so we headed over to lit where Marcus turned down free coke and Cat made out with some hot chick. I accidentally grabbed Evan's crotch for a photo. I swear it was an accident. Allison told us about teaching autistic children and I begged her to start a tardblog to make up for the one that ended. Autistic kids are not retarded, I know this. I like autistic people. It's assumed that many musical geniuses are autistic, so all those fantasies of Thom Yorke and David Byrne that I've had -- they were actually fantasies about autistic people. Anyway , it was pretty fucking awesome to see my friends from high school. It's great that now I could blurt out "it's not that I hate only vaginas, I hate cocks too. I'm asexual. I'm like Morrissey" and they know who I'm talking about. In high school I think it would've taken me a bit longer to explain "no, not chris morrissey. I mean the singer. He's not gay. He's asexual. Oh nevermind. Do we have to listen to this live phish album again ?" Speaking of high school, I was interviewing Karen O yesterday and it turned out she went to the neighboring private school in Englewood. Not only that, but I was like "oh, you graduated in 96? Hmm... I think my friend's ex boyfriend was in that year. His name was Peter and I went to see his band play the battle of the band..." and it turns out that she knew this Peter. And when I was in high school, my friend Kim, who going out with Peter, gave me a tape of his band and there was this amazing song called "Karen" on it. I was like blabbering about the battle of the bands and his band when I was like "...wait a fucking second. Are you the Karen from the song "Karen"? Yup. She is. Amazing. Small fucking world. It was a great fucking song too. I haven't heard it in like 7 years and I could still sing it for you. Sadly, I think Peter gave up music shortly after that battle of the bands performance -- which I think he lost to a band that had a violin player. Fucking violin players. And again with the high school theme of today's blog entry: last night I had tea with a friend from high school named Jason. Jason and I used to work at Seattle City Coffee together in Tenafly where we'd stand behind a counter at 6am serving pissed off parents their coffee while doing shots of espresso and avoiding "bad" touches by patrons and our boss. The positive thing about working there was that we had to have music playing at all time and our selections included the Beatles and Sinatra. I actually loved working there and would really love to go back to working in a cafe one day. I doubt Jason feels the same way. After talking motormouth cocaine style to Jason for a half hour (I'm so sure he only heard me go "blah blah blah blah blah blah" -- that's all I heard come out of my mouth for the love of God), I ran home so I could catch American Idol. I'm so fucking happy that Dean Martin redhead dude, who likes Sinatra a lot, won. I was swooning infront of the TV as he sang that song. He's gonna win like Kurt from Norway did. Nobody expected it, but the dude had a fucking great voice. And This dude, urlLink John Stevens , he's got a great voice. It's different from everyone's, obviously, and did you happen to notice that Nora Jones sold over a million copies of her album? This dude will too. I'm gonna go out on a limb and bet my money on it. All $17.50. Then I dragged Lizzy into my room to watch "The OC" with me so I wouldn't have to shout across our apt going "oh my god! Did you see that!" every five minutes. Somehow I missed a "jewfro" comment from Seth *swooooooooon* Cohen. During a commercial break I made her watch the Killers video for "Somebody Told Me" and she thought the guitarist was cute. I tried to make her watch it again so I could be like "look at how cute they ALL are -- and yeah, the song is great too." But the OC! The OC was on! And then she predicted Marissa going over to that ho's house with a dress so she could come to the party. And then I predicted the Six Feet Under guy punching Ryan in the face. POW! Jordan texted me afterwards to say that he wasn't gonna watch anymore now that Anna was off the show. Dude, she's a blonde Rachel Leigh Cook.

 SO MUCH AWESOME Thank God for the Queers at Bravo! who thought that sticking Ewan McGregor on a motorcycle for six episodes (or more) and following him around the world would make for urlLink a great TV show . I think that me and my homobro (not to be mistaken with the republicbro) will have to TiVo this lovely show so we can discuss it during shabbat dinner. Me: Dude, did you watch it this week? My Mom: Who? Homobro: Oh totally. My Mom: Who? Me: Ewan is like, five seconds from stripping off his pants. I'm so stoked. My Mom: Who? Me: Mom! Nobody! Ewan McGregor. My Mom: Oh, he's cute. Me: Mmmm... yes. I love him.

 MY BIGGEST FEAR, REALIZED Those close to me, and now you, know that I hate Vaginas. Baron didn't know this and sent me urlLink this link . It's sort of safe for work. vanhuisendotcom: urlLink http://www.fingerinthedyke.ca/were_talking_vulva_mov.html Ultragrrrl: i hate vaginas. vanhuisendotcom: i do to after watching that.

