 No gym for a week, silly me. Was lazy at home - I simply had no time at all to fit in gym activities. Oh well. And yesterday and Monday were dead days for me. I was so down and out of it all, I couldn't even put myself together enough to make it to the gym. Went to a Pump Class this morn, and it was nice, even though, for some reason, it wasn't as intense as last week. Don't know why. Tried to concentrate and focus on my muscles working, but it was different. Still good though, of course. I missed working out this past week. Pump weigths: Warm Up:9kg / Legs (Squats):10kg / Chest:5kg / Back:9kg / Triceps 5kg & 2 1/2kg / Biceps:5kg / Legs (Lunges):5kg / Shoulders:4kg and 1kg each Can add more weights to both leg work rounds. Finished up with 45 minutes on the crosstrainer, not more, as I hadn't had brekkie and was at the max of what's possible without fuel, really. More working out these next two weeks, as my one month check up (yay! the fat scale!) and Ev's arrival (yay! someone gets to see my body!) are nearing.

 I was a lazy bum Monday and Tuesday and for the first time in a while didn't go to the gym at least every other day. Oh well. For some reason, I just couldn't pick myself up - had awfully sore muscles Monday (especially my latissimus and the sides of my thighs were hurting) and felt like crap on Tuesday morn (hormonally induced, I am sure) and had no time Tuesday night as i had to play plumber for Tina trying to get her kitchen waste pipe going again (was as successful as you can be without the right equipment - note: kids, yes, hot water removes wax. however, lots of wax stays stuck in the drain pipe and causes floods. so DON'T DO IT.). Anyway. I finally dragged myself to Pump this morning, and had a great time, - managed to get through the dreaded lunges without cramps, crying, stopping and with more weight than before - am very proud of myself, indeed. Added weight to warm up, back, bi&triceps, lunges and shoulders, and it was all good. I am sure I'll feel it in my shoulders tomorrow. Pump weigths: Warm Up:7kg / Legs (Squats):10kg / Chest:5kg / Back:9kg / Triceps 5kg & 2 1/2kg / Biceps:5kg / Legs (Lunges):5kg / Shoulders:4kg and 1kg each Hopped on the scale, and weighed less than before, too. Yay. Finished up with 45 minutes on the crosstrainer. And felt good, if terribly hungry. Yup, had missed out on brekkie again. Silly me. Have to figure out what to do work out wise when at home over the weekend, would love to swim, but that ain't possible because of the new piercing, so I reckon I will try to hit the gym with Cordu, we'll see whether I'll have time for that at all anyway.

 Went to the Gym this morn, to the usual Sunday morning Bodystyling class with Julia and a short 30 minutes on the Crosstrainer. Didn't feel like more today. The class was good, even though we used those horrid Reebok Tubes , and that wasn't so nice during leg work. Have bad feeling towards my legs again. They are so large, and so muscular (with less jiggle after all), but hey, they are so WEAK ! Argh. The leg lifts sucked. One third into them, the entire side of my thigh and bum were in a crampy state of pain. That has to change. Unfortunately the only way to do so is by going to the class and fighting my way through the legwork. Oh well. Weight work wise, with Pump twice a week, Bodystyling once a week and weight circuit all other times, my muscles should be getting enough diversity for the moment. Once my stamina is back on track, I'll also add Tae-Bo for the fun factor and killer intensity again. Don't want to get stuck in a movement rut, and with disbalanced muscles. In any way, was nice this morn, even if I was almost in tears from the pain in my thigh/bum while figthing my way through the set. The 30 minutes on the Crosstrainer were just an add on, really, to loosen my muscles and get my metabolism going for a little while. No major fat-burning action going on. Will prolly do some major stretching tonight, just because I have this feeling creeping up in my muscles already. That much for the day. Tomorrow: Pump.

 Just came home from the gym. Did three rounds in the weight circuit (even though I felt like bailing out after two, and had decided halfway through round two that I'd only do two rounds), which included 180 crunches. Not too shabs, me thinks. Followed up with 60 minutes on the crosstrainer on low intensity, reading "Marie Claire" and "Men's Health", the latter being highly entertaining, as it is just as bad as the female equivalents. Especially enjoyed the sex tips, this month, men were allowed to learn that yes, masturbation is ok, what's necessary for a sex-filled weekend with a lover (a hotel room, a razor, a dildo, a tape recorder) and how to educate women about female ejaculation and queefs (as if women didn't know that already). Lovely. Finished with some stretching in the testoserone loaden part of the weight room. Oy. They should really move the stretch area somewhere else; I hate the mirrored corner where the mats are now. Took a good long time to get ready afterwards, and that was fine and splendid, too. Odd thing: While I am starting to see my image in the mirror more and more critically (my self-blaming and self-hating mechanisms are in full swing) and hopped on the stupid scale again today, it's quite bizarre that I isolate what I see from how I feel. Standing under the super nice and hot gym shower today, I enjoyed the way my bod feels, the firmness and softness and shapelyness. I wish I could transfer that feeling to looking at myself. Duh. Anyway. That much for now. Gym again tomorrow. :)

 Went to the gym yesterday, but decided to take a little break today, as I feel as if a bit of a flu is approaching, am freezing, even though am sitting sinside with a beanie, my urlLink bombers scarf and a blankie. Tina and I worked out together yesterday afternoon, did two rounds on the weight circuit and 50 minutes on treadmill and crosstrainer; finished up with some stretching. Felt awesome afterwards, but really needed a rest today. Good point of yesterday: didn't get on the scale. :) Finally purchased the necessary supplements, too: a multivitamin, extra vitamin C plus zinc, silica and calcium. The multivitamin is self-explanatory; the vitamin C plus zinc is there to protect from the flu and the common cold and to help in healing my piercing; the silica is there for strong nails, hair, skin and firm connective tissue (all just for my dimply thighs, that might now that I am taking extra estrogen to prevent me from getting suicidal, get even dimplier than they already are - also purchased a full blown anti-cellulite magic potion; doubt it will work, but hey, everything is worth a try, hm?) and the calcium is there to help kickstart my the fat burning action of my metabolism. Yay. Supplements rule. Feel pretty good in my skin today, even though my eating habits -surprise, surprise- were ultra shitty again today. My body feels nice and firm, especially my legs, abs and arms. Not too shabs. Only bad thing about my body today is the allergy hell that my hands are in at the moment. I won't give details about what happened, but it involved chemical substances used to dissolve hair and already dry, itchy skin with tiny scratches. Imagine the rest: it burned like hell and was bright ref. Have been smearing all kinds of healing properties on my fingers in an attempt to make them better. But ouch, ouch, ouch. Says she who-used-to-be-able-to-use-all-kinds-of-cosmetics-without-ever-having-allergy-troubles-but-who-now-gets-more-and-more-prone-to-allergies-as-she-gets-older. No more, no more. Those days are gone. Better body news: tomorrow.

 Bailed out of the embarrassment of a step class on Tuesday. Didn't feel like it and was passive-aggressive all day: I know I should have gone and move my butt, but somehow, I just didnt manage to. Went to the gym this morning though, for a nice little Pump class by Julia. The room was as cold as last time. Duh. Weights: WarmUp:7kg/Squats:9kg/Chest:5kg/Back:7kg/Triceps:4kg and 2 1/2kg/Biceps:4kg (could have handled more)/Lunges:4kg (next time: more)/Shoulder:2kg Later spend 45 minutes at low intensity on the cross trainer, as ordered by Daniel. Wore shorts today (need to hop to the laundromat tomorrow, all other sports clothes were dirty, or not piercing compatible), and woah, I think there is some change in my legs already. I usually hate wearing shorts at the gym, these legs of mine simply are to scary when in motion, but hey, every once in a while, seeing them move in a mirror shows progress - so that's what I noticed today. Less wiggle on the inside of the thighs, right above the knee, definitely. Not bad, not bad, I think. Felt good during Pump, even though I went to the gym without any brekkie, not exactly a healthy thing to do. I really need to get a grip on that eating stuff - I eat irregulary, still haven't gotten the much needed supplements for lack of funds (already have hurting open bits in the corners of my mouth), and if and when I eat, I feel sick afterwards. Plus I stepped on the scale again, which I just shouldn't do. Once a month, at the check up - not every fucking time that I am there. I swear, I am back in the grip of the numbers again, and it's all my fault, too. Yeah. What a horribly teenage thing to do, I thought I had gotten over it at 16, and now I've quite easily, within a week, fallen back into the old habit of letting my happiness be dictated by what the scale says. - Could slap myself for this stupid behaviour. Anyway. Overall, I should be happy: I worked out today, and that felt good, and I noticed some success, so that's fine and splendid. And I'll get the rest in check, somehow, too.

 Gave myself a gym break yesterday, and that was good. The recovery day helped my poor assaulted shoulders back on track, I guess. Had a good few hours at the gym today with Tina. Wanted to do Pump but as Beatrice was sick, we did 3 rounds of weight circuit again, and an hour on the treadmill (as all crosstrainers were occupied). Am now feeling reasonably ok, didn't quite mind my legs too much today. I didn't stretch enough again, and could again use a little massage...oh well. Just 4 more weeks, and I'll have someone at hand at all times to deliver these kinds of services. While my working out habits are ok, my eating habits still suck though..... duh. I either don't eat, or I eat stuff without any nutritional value. Duh. Anyway. More tomorrow. I guess I'll dare to go to a Step Class and in that case will have funny stories about falling over steps and making a complete and utter fool of myself.

 Have gotten over Thursday's shock of knowing my weight and body fat percentage, and also over the trainer's shitty and condescending tone. - And have been working my little ass off at the gym, according to the boring little plan I have been ordered to adhere to. It's fear, I swear. And well, I guess the trainer's tactic has worked out, after all. So on each gym visit, I've spend an hour on either the treadmill or crosstrainer, have fought my way 3 times through the weight machine circuit (leaving out one leg machine, as lying on there made my piercing living hell) and finished it up quite nicely with some stretching. - Uncortunately, not enough stretching, especially in my shoulder and lat region. Part of it is the cold weather, I guess. Longed for it, and now it's there silly me hasn't been diligent enough about wrapping up warmly enough (and not clever enough to turn the heater on on time, and not good enough about supplements that would make me less prone to soreness), especially not on my way home from the gym. I want a back massage with some nice smelling oil in a really really warm room now. From my toyboy, preferrably. Without me having to ask. And without me having to ask for more. In any way, I've been working out lots, and am feeling pretty good bodywise. - Even though I hate the fact how much these stupid two numbers have influenced me already. Stepped on the scale at the gym again today (a different one than on Thursday), and while I was wearing more, it showed 2kg less than on Thursday. Odd. I guess one of them is wrong then. And duh, I should just not let it bother me at all. More gym tomorrow. For tonight, I think a really hot shower and a self massage are in order again. Thankfully, I won't freeze to death in the bathroom anymore, as I finally figured out what the hell was wrong with the heater in there. One day, I will live in a house were the heating doesn't decide to go odd every few weeks, were there is hot water in unlimited supply, and where the heating can be regulated during the day, too. One fine day. When that day arrives (will be a few years before I can afford all that), I will probably also have reduced my body fat % by 1/3.

 Daniel had me step on the scale & body fat percentage scale. And it wasn't pretty. I share lots of things online, but that is something I do not want to share, simply because it is to scary. The thought of how much of my body is fat is......horrid. So I've been put on a strict body fat reduction plan for the next 4 weeks (when I am allowed to step on that scale again); which will be boring as hell. I have basically been ordered to do boring stuff, at low intensity. I was told that if I wanted, I could do classes, too, but shouldn't expect results from them. Great. I will show that chap what results I can see in 4 fucking weeks! I'll have nightmares of numbers tonight. - And share the details of that plan tomorrow. Duh. Not nice.

 Things I should bring up during Thursday's trainer appointment: My main goal is literally turning my life around . I've never been skinny, and due to the way my body is shaped, I will probably never be skinny, but I want to be fit. Really really fit. I do not want to continue life with the sort of bum and legs that I have now, and I know that I don't have to, because I have achieved some change before (namely back in 1998). Symbolic for the physical (and mental) change I want to achieve is riding up Mt.Ventoux in the Provence in September next year. I can't and don't want to start cycling outside in this season (because of weather, and lack of bike), so my main goals over the winter will be (in order of importance): loosing weight ; I weigh far too much to cycle up any mountain, and do not have a cyclist's body at all. I have strong legs and a strong torso (important for good transmission and stability), but I carry far too much extra around with me. lowering body fat ; obviously. That's what all the extra weight is, after all. Am willing to carry muscles up that mountain, but not wobbly fat that will make me look horrid in bike shorts. gaining stamina ; - by cycling & spinning classes, obviously, and time on the crosstrainer. I am not sure about amount of training and intensity though. What can I do to keep stamina/cardio training entertaining? What about classes other than spinning and about overtraining? - I have a tendency to push myself too hard, and work in a heart rate zone that is counterproductive. gaining strength and toning up ; - but without bulking up my legs, which works way too well with my genetic and hormonal make up. Main target zones are my legs, bum and abs, - and I want some nice shoulders again, too. I don't need to target my arms too much, goinf BodyPump will take care of them well enough. gaining flexibility ; I do not stretch enough. I would have loved to do Yoga, but Surya just isn't an instructor I can get along or feel comfortable with. Thankfully, I can do Yoga and Stretchig at home, too. I do not have any health issues that stand counter to working out. My right shoulder was injured several years ago, but is pretty much fine, as long as I don't play Badminton or Tennis (or any sport with a stess on upward motion in the shoulder), which I don't plan on doing anyway. In contrast, I hope that regular working out witll help with my moods. I do not want to become a slave to the scale , as I used to have disordered eating in my teens, which brought me to the shape and size that I am now. I am well aware though, that I need the scale and the body fat percentage scale to help evaluate my success. It would be ok to weigh myself once or twice a month, but I do not want to base my success solely on weight. - I am far happier not worrying about numbers. I need to change my eating habits again, which have really deteriorated as of lately. Less fat, no skipping meals, more veges, more fruit. I am willing to invest lots of time and effort into achieving my goal. I am willing to go to the gym 4 to 5 times a week. Things I enjoy : BodyPump, Spinning, Tae-Bo (once I am in better shape, that is), rather athletic stuff. Things I don't enjoy : Work on the machines, free weights, standard Aerobics classes; anything with a Choreography (at least not on a regular basis).

 Bodypump class and an hour on the Crosstrainer today. Went to the gym in the morn, and am now at home and feeling pretty good, if a bit tired, and still tense. Bodypump was with Julia, the class was full of people I know, and quite nice; however, the room was way too cold, and I am rather worried about what kind of effect that will have had on my muscles. I tried to push the boundaries weight wise a little: WarmUp: 7kg / Legs (Squats): 9kg / Chest: 5kg / Back: 7kg / Triceps: 4kg / Biceps: 4kg / Legs (Lunges): 4 kg / Shoulders: 2kg Managed, even though the squats, chest and triceps weights indeed were the absolute boundary. Struggled with the shoulder excercises, but then I always do, and refuse to go down with that weight. All in all, it was good, even though I again had trouble with the lower ab excercises and some stretching moves because of the fresh piercing. Did other stuff during that time though. tis day 5 of being pierced, and as predicted, the initial infection is happening, even though it is far less severe than it was with Tinas belly-button, just some redness right were the ball rests, no crusting, no fluid. - Am still super diligent with regular warm saline soaks (3 times a day when possible), gentle cleaning with the cleaning solution and under the shower, disinfection after each cleaning, and clean, not too tight clothing over it. After Pump, I thought I'd do 30 minutes on the Crosstrainer (wasn't in the mood for the bike today), but once the 30 minutes were over, I felt so good that I did 30 more minutes. Burned off rougly 700 kcal in 60 minutes, at Cardio Heart rate. - And was terribly hungry then. My stomach was growling while I was under the shower, I swear. My eating today was almost normal, if still not terribly good, had bread rolls for brekkie and some pasta with tomatosauce and mozzarella. Quite nice, even though I wasn't enjoying it but basiclaly ate to make that growling go away. Anyway. Am pretty conten if tiredt, and now in relaxation and recovery mood until tomorrow night's trainer appointment. Need to figure out today what exactly I tell him I want to achieve (found out today that it's gonna be an appointment with Daniel, not Stephan, and I don't mind at all. Like Daniel much better.). Also need to treat myself to a hot shower and ayuvedic self-massage. - I really am so worried about soreness tomorrow, that cold room wasn't good. All about my grandiose plans and goals later.

 Oh. How lovely. urlLink Trek: Project One

 Am feeling pretty well physically today. My mind is already playing me tricks and telling me that I already look and feel tons better. :) While my muscles indeed react shockingly quickly to exercise (prolly because of all that testosterone that would usually be flushing through my system), all I feel now is probably just that nice tense, worked at feeling my muscles get a few days after a workout. - Just my shoulder muscles hurt a little. I could do with a little back rub now. Just came back from a Bodypump class held by Beatrice, who is still the boring, unimaginative instructor she has always been. - But then, it really doesn't matter much with Bodypump, as the instructor doesn't get to make any choices in regards to the class anyway. Was a nice class, I just love how my body knows the entire set, and falls back into the exercises quite easily (and I just love the "clean and press"), - even though I realised that I was weight wise pretty much at the embarrasing low max of what I can currently do (Warm up: 5kg/ Squats: 7kg/ Chest: 4kg/ Back: 5kg/ Triceps: 4kg/ Biceps: 4kg/ Lunges: 4kg/ Shoulders: 2kg). It was still fun, and I am nicely exhausted. Managed to do the entire class quite nicely, even though I was overly cautious in regards to my piercing: during the ab section, all things sideways were rather uncomfy, and I was super cautoious with all Rowing exercises - If you do them too enthusiastically (and in the wrong way) you can easily hit yourself in the navel region with the barbell each and every time. Duh. Before the class, I spend 10 minutes on a spinning bike and 20 minutes on the crosstrainer, burning a decent 300Kcal on the latter (and following my own 1/3 needs to be on the bike rule). - The WarmUp in Pump usually just isn't enough and I end up with icky sore muscles, and with the slight discomfort in my shoulders from yesterday, some low impact cardiostuff seemed like a good option before the class. Anyway. We'll see tomorrow whether it has paid off or not. No working out tomorrow, btw. - I need to give my poor hurting navel a bit of a rest. And a nice warm saline soak now. Foodwise, today was unsuccessful: I almost ate nothing, and what I ate wasn't top class at all. I really need to get some change into this eating business. - But again, food didn't feel quite right. Duh. Tomorrow has to be better.

 "Healthy Habits": Goals for the next two weeks: Four work outs at the gym per week; after strength exercise classes, I should try (if time allows is) to get at least 30 minutes of additional cardiowork; after a cardiotraining session (namely after spinning), I should try (if time allows) to get at least some ab work and additional thorough stretching. Moving from the crosstrainer to the spin bike; I need bike training over the winter if I want to do Mont Ventoux. At least one third of my cardio time should be on the bike, increasing to half of it by the end of December. Food: Getting rid of my "Bisc Twix" & nutella rusk habits, stop skipping brekkie, lowering my intake of Pepsi light, adding more fruit and veges and pro-biotic yogurt, having healthier bread again, avoiding the cereal rut. Getting diligent with supplements: need to buy multivitamins, silica, zinc. Prettyness: 'tis winter - time for moisturising to prevent lizardisation and finishing the shower cold (which will be hard until I get the heater in the bathroom repaired). eeeeek. Enough goals, me thinks.

 Dragged myself to the gym this morning, even though I woke up already trying to tell myself out of it. The usual, on a Sunday morning, after some early morning insomnia (4am, to be exact), and some more sleep from 6:30 to 9am. But I went. And that was good. Had a class of Bodystyling run by Julia (who is my faourite instructor) and spend another 30 minutes on the crosstrainer afterwards. Was a good class, the people there were not quite the usual Sunday morning crowd, lots of new faces, and I didn't quite feel so alone by beeing in not top shape yet. Warm-up was fine, the squats were fine, I struggled (as usual) with the leg things, enjoyed the ab stuff (my piercing only hurt during lower ab excercises, so I did other ab stuff instead) and did surprisingly well during the much hated leg-lifts. Back stuff hurted a bit again (lying on my stomach just doesn't quite do it yet, not because of pain, but just dicomfort...and I worry about the piercing a bit much, I guess), and Stretching just felt divine. In all, a good class, just what I expected, and I felt pretty good throughout it; even though I had the usual "gah, how long will it take now" thing during the second leg round. Finished afterwards with 30 minutes on the crosstrainer, basically in fat burning mode, all rather relaxed, reading Focus. Feel good now, even though I already feel some soreness developing in my upper abs. No wonder. Also got myself a trainer appointment for Thrusday, to discuss all my giant goals with someone and get some pro advice. Let's see what that will be like. Am a bit worried because I am pretty sure that Stephan, the trainer, will want me to hop on scales (and the fat % scale, too) and I just do not want to know what I weight, because I spend long long enough years being way too worried about the number on a scale in the morning. I don't really care as to what I currently weigh, I feel relatively good, if in worse shape than in summer. Does my actual weight matter? Not really. Let's see whether he can weigh me and not tell me what it is. -I am not worried that I immediately fall into "I need to know what I weigh" mode, but I really don't want to take any chances here. More later.

 Repost from the urlLink real blog from a few days ago....Just to illustrate what this Mont Ventoux thing is all about.... In another effort to lift my mood, I started my search for some more info to prepare my ride up Mont Ventoux late next year. Trying to plan the impossible, basically. Have finally started looking at the logistical side of things (take someone with me? if so, who? stay where? stay how long? - The only thing I am sure about is that I'll go in september, off season, less tourists, less heat) , which shouldn't be underestimated, even though that stuff is marginal if I look at the physical side of things. I have no idea how I can make it. Apart from needing a new bike, I need to loose a good amount of weight (15kgs or whatnot), as there is no way I'll carry all what's on my hips at the moment up on that mountain (or all the mountain's that I'll do in preparation of it). No way at all. I guess it'll all sort itself out over the months as I get into work-out and training mode (and spend all of my free-time on a bike), but right now, it all looks like a mountain even higher than Ventoux itself. The more that I look into all the details of this grandiose plan, the more jittery and frightened I get. I think I have gone insane, plainly speaking. Just take a look at the pictures and reports of people who've already done it, like urlLink Inge Johannessen from Norway , urlLink Toivo Lagerweij and Marjolijn Kieft, two of the makers of eurocols.com (a fab personal site on Cols all over Europe), urlLink Alex, the maker of this excellent dutch website on Ventoux (could someone please translate the entire site for me?) and urlLink Gerry from London . If you still haven't realised what a giant thing that is, check out this great site on the mountain urlLink Mont Ventoux: gant provencal . I am insanely jealous, and insanely motivated, too. And a little shocked: there is ONE thing I am motivated for! But I wonder: Why in all the world do I want to ride THAT mountain? For what purpose? I really am not completely sure. Fighting my demons, I guess. Accomplishing something obvious . Standing above the world. At least, I already have an awful lot of respect for that mountain. Otherwise, this would be even more insane than it is anyway.

 ....after several weeks of being down in the Blues, I finally managed to get a work out again. Was about time. It's less than 6 weeks before Ev arrives, and while I know he likes me the way I am, I'd prefer to be in good shape when I hit the sheets for the first time in...10 months So today was the start of that, a gentle start. Tina and I had a little lunch time workout, 45 minutes of cardiowork on the crosstrainer, some stretching, and some ab work. And now I feel awesome. I know my mood is better when I work out, so..... I hope getting going again will help with my mood, too. All is well.

 The killer Bodystyling session from Sunday (which I didn't post about: killer, killer killer session with Julia, focused on bum and back followed by 30 minutes crosstrainer action) left me with very sore buns and legs, bailed out of working out yesterday, but thankfully forced myself this afternoon. Did two rounds on the weight circuit and 45 minutes on the crosstrainer. Not *that* much, but more than enough for my still from the flue recovering body. Finished with some decent stretching afterwards. Hopped on the scale again, which indeed still showed the 9 pounds less. Amazing. In any way, working out was nice, and it felt great to lie on the floor surrounded by mirrors which reflected the awesome moody dusk outside: the sky was pinkish-blue and foggy and wintery. Very nice. Still don't like look in the mirror much: I can like my upper body and abs lots, but really, my lower half (while already slimmer and firmer) still pretty much sucks. These hips will always be there: with a pelvis like this, there is no getting away from it. These legs will never be longer. I am again starting to like my lower half more, but well, it ain't easy, it ain't easy. Anyway. No whining. Working out was nice, and wasted some time, too, that I would otherwise had spent waiting. Sigh. Unbelievable. Tomorrow. Will waste some more time with Pump and an hour on the crosstrainer tomorrow morning. I fear that otherwise I will go insane waiting until it's time for me to hop on the train.

 First workout in a week. Started gently with 2 rounds in the weight circuit, 30 minutes on the crosstrainer and lots of stretching. Was more than enough for the start, I really didn't feel like more: was too hot, had breathing trouble, and the noise at the gym sure wasn't nice to bear half deaf (my ears are really troubling me at the mo). In any way, I went, and that's good, and what was shocking was the discovery that I have now lost a good 9 pounds to what I weighed in at when I had my appointment with Daniel . Not bad. Wonder whether it was all muscle I lost while mainly in bed this past week. Wonder what the body fat percentage scale will now say. Oy. Anyway. More gentle gym tomorrow. I will look good in bed soon. Very soon. :)

 So my plan of working out every day until Ev's arrival was halted by my body. I've been super sick since Monday, and won't make any attempt to head to the gym before Saturday, just to take things slowly. I hope these past 4 days of boredom and laziness have not completely harmed my abs. sigh.

 Blogged my little heart out in honour of World AIDS Day at the urlLink real blog yesterday and hence didn't get around to updating here. Still have a computer overdose, I think. Am getting dizzy from staring at the thing. Or maybe because I haven't been eating right yet aain, who knows, even though I think I did remarkably well today, in comparison to the last weeks. Finally managed to drag myself to the gym late yesterday afternoon, after simply not being able to make myself go on Thursday and Friday. Bad me. Made a vow to go to the gym every singly day until Evan arrives on the 12th. Yesterday, I did two rounds on the weight circle and an hour on the crosstrainer. As it was closing time by then already, I didn't get around to do stretching, and I definitely felt that today, especially in my lat & lower shoulder muscles again. Overall, it was fine, but I really had to fight my way through the sit-ups. The fact I had barely eaten all day probably didn't help much either with all of it. While on the crosstrainer, I kept discussing with myself in my head whether I shouldn't just stop earlier, but fought my way through it, and that surely was good. Today, I went to the usual Sunday morning Bodystyling class with Julia and finished up with an hour on the crosstrainer, too. Was a very hard class this morn, indeed (the squats were squats from hell, and the ab work for once was challenging. couldn't do the triceps push ups though), and I also realised that as soon as I look at myself in the mirror, my coordination is gone. While doing that, I realised that I don't have enough muscle tension during certain movements, and really that's what I need to work on. Stability and strength come from tension. And please, it simply looks better, too. Was very annoyed by the other people in the class. The super skinny blonde was there again, and shit, she always works out next to me, and I hate it. She is just so *tiny* and full of muscles and killingly flexible. Argh. I know, I shouldn't focus on other people, not get competetive or whatever else when working out, but see it as a positive thing for *me*, but for some reason, I can't. Whatever it is. It feels like a sliding down a slippery slope kind of thing, when teamed up with my eating habits. Made the mistake of eating before working out: had a reasonable amount of Special K with low fat milk, and shit, did I feel bad later on. The idea of cutting out dairy is sounding more and more promising to me, now that Heather has reported it doing good things for her. Apparently, Michelle is vegan, too, and woah, she looks awesome. Sigh. I wonder though, whether I could do that. My eating is shitty anyway, and restricting whole food groups (I am already doing that partly anyway, to be honest) just doesn't sound like the wisest idea right now, I don't know. It would mean no more low fat potato soup, the main meal I've cooked these past weeks, and no added yoghurt to sauces etc, if I get back to cooking when Evan is here. Really am not sure. I might want to give it a try, just for a week or so, to see whether I can do it, and what it does to me, don't know. *sigh* Tried making the appointment with Daniel for my 4 week check up and the beloved body fat scale, but they didn't have plans out for next week yet. Hm. Not really looking forward to it. Seriously. I know there is change in my body. I see it, I feel it. My back looks better and it sounds very odd, but while stretching at Pump on Wednesday, I was stroking my ribcage and side, and it felt new and good, my arms feel better, even my legs do, my abs look stunning, my skin is nice and firm (which really is a shocking development, unfortunately, I don't know what causes this: the supplements, the working out, the body lotion, the anti-cellulite potion, the silicone massage brush, the moisturising in general..). I wonder though, whether my success can be measured with the tools at hand, i.e. the scale (made the mistake to hop on there last night, and while it wasn't the killer number it was at the first check up, it wasn't nice either) and the body fat scale at all. What will I do if it doesn't show on there, all my working out and cutting down on foods and whatever else? Am scared. And I already know that no matter what, on the day of the appointment, I will not eat at all and severly cut down on my fluid intake before I hop on that body fat thing. I remember during my first check up ever, that the gal told me that that scale only showed reliable results when you had a completely empty stomach, in the morning. Duh. Daniel only does appointments in the evening. How nice. Anyway. Pump tomorrow. I will work out every day until Ev arrives. The Mantra is: I want to look good naked.

 it's still very hot, and going to the gym would still be insane. as a substitute, i went to the pool early in the morning, before the sun started to be all evil. swam lenghts for a good 60 minutes, mainly breaststroke (the only fair stroke in a full pool), with few breaks. took extra time to correct my technique. all in all, a nice experience. i love that certain pool, the air was warm, the water refreshingly cool, and when i started out at 7:30am, it wasn't too full yet. felt good to move, felt good to be surrounded by water, felt good to just float and not feel gravity for a while, felt good to be cool. all very lovely. tomorrow, i'll go again (unless the thunderstorms kick in already), just 30 minutes earlier, to avoid the crowds that came in by 8am. only downside: when towelling off afterwards, the leftovers of my fake tan came off too, and left even more vitiligo-like bits of skin behind. must have been the soaking in the water for a good hour. quite annoying. can't this happen evenly? anyone any ideas how to speed up cell turnover? i'm already using my silicone body brush in the shower every time but still have these discoloured patches everywher). rubbing myself off with lemon juice doesn't quite seem like a good option, hm? i really want to get another layer of tan on (after a few days of moisturising my little heart out), but don't dare to, before all this blotchiness has gone.....

 Lovely work-out free weekend (you know, long walks along the lac leman and the rhone aside). And now I find myself being unabel to work out, because we're in the middle of a more than 30C heatwave. They predict 37C for today and tomorrow, which means either working out before dawn or not at all. In addition, my shoulders are so badly sunburned that I can't move my arms without wimpering. So a break for me. I hope I can make myself enjoy it, too.

 Felt yesterday's pump class comfortably in my muscles today, just the right amount of after-work-out tension. Lovely. Today, I first did 20 minutes on the crosstrainer, set in intervall, just warm up my comfortably achy muscles and get my metabolism going. Then circuit class with Bettina, which was really good. We started out with about 20 minutes of warm-up and cardio activity on the step, then -in teams of two- did one round of 2 minutes each at 8 stations, which were PUMP moves with barbell, ab work and one coordination excercise. Then another 15 minutes of step, before we did a final 1 minute each round, cooldown and stretching. It was a nice & taxing class, much more taxing then I had anticipated when Bettina told me yesterday what she had planned for this morning. I sure preferred this to a pure step class. During the step phase I realised though that no one had elevated their steps but me. I honestly couldn't remember whether I had accidently grabbed an already elevated step or had automatically elevated it like we have to for PUMP. Odd. Psychologically, it was a good day at the gym, too: felt strong, and had a good time looking at myself in the mirror. Wore a tank top, and could nicely watch my arms during the exercise, which was quite a motivator. Hope I wasn't too "in your face" with the lady who was my teammate, who just started out at the gym and who hence always used a lot lighter weights then me. Would hate to come across as horrible as the skinny blonde who annoys me so much. Ugh. Anyway: feeling good. Hope I will feel good even though I can't go to the gym the next three days. Will subsitute with Yoga and a few simple strength and stretchiong exercises at home.

 urlLink Louis Figo's wife: Helen Svedin . As i said: I wish.

 Considering I got dizzy again while working out today, I researched a wee bit (and will discuss this with Ev, too). And duh, looks like it's quite simple and nothing serious: urlLink WebMD: Dizzy during Exercise 2. The problem could be from lack of food. For instance, if you work out in the morning, without having breakfast, and it's been 10-12 hours without a meal, then you can easily get dizzy from lack of fuel. You need, at least, to eat a snack if it's been several hours since you've eaten before a workout. Half a bagel, a banana, oatmeal, or toast 30-45 minutes before the workout should help. You'll have to see what works best. I assume the wee protein shake i have in the morn is used up after 2 hours of vigorous exercise. No wonder then. Maybe I should have a gatorade between crosstrainer & class to not tun on empty. Duh. Unhealthy habits on my part here.

 today: 60 minutes on the crosstrainer, in intervall mode, which was enjoyable, taxing and fun. chatted with some of the bodybuilding chaps about soccer while working out, insulted a french boy about les bleues but in turn received the compliment that i resembled louis figos wife. oh, how i wish. :) then 60 minute pump class with bettina. worked with relatively high weights, because i didn't want to leave the class feeling like i didn't do enough. weights per side: warm up 3 1/2 kg legs 5kg chest 2 1/2 back 3 1/2 triceps 2 1/2 biceps 2 1/2 shoulders 2 legs 3 1/2 can attempt more when doing legs next time. during the final ab work, i finally felt yesterday's ab class. had been quite dissapointed when getting up this morn and *not* being sore. after the first round of crunches though, i felt each and every crunch i did yesterday. not bad, really. feel good right now. wore shorts today, and was quite impressed by my legs. sounds pretentious, i know, but it's good to see my giant muscles being good at doing something, i.e. squats. tomorrow: circuit training. woohoo.

 time to update the workoutlog, isn't it? first of all: i have worked out since last posting here, fear not. i haven't been sitting around doing nothing for the past 6 months. i have, however, changed my plans regarding mt.ventoux and my fitness goals and hence didn't feel the urge to specifically note how i was progressing. i still want to do mt.ventoux by bike one fine day, but quite simply not this year. i had planned on going up ther ein september, but opted to go to australia to be with my partner instead. no matter how much i want to ride up that mountain, my partner is a lot more important than that mountain. thankfully, i will also not be going to this years tour de france stage up mt.ventoux and hence won't ruin the experience for the future. :) however, i've been busy working out these past months. the last 6 weeks were especially good, i worked out almost every day, mostly combining a strength class with an hour of aerobic activity, lost several pounds and feel pretty good about my body most of the time. they bought a new scale at the gym though, so i have no idea as to how much my weight has really changed. am still struggling with the scale though, no matter what. should just not get on it more than once a week. so all is pretty ok, work out wise. so for the record which shall be kept with all due accuracy again: today: 30 minute ab class with jana, which was ultra hard but worked through every muscle in my abs. hadn't had such an intense ab workout in months - my abs have always been strong, and it takes high intensity excercises and lots of variation to really get at them. also did 30 minutes on the crosstrainer both before and after the class, on high intensity mountain/intervall setting, which i handled pretty well. so all is good. wonder how sore my abs will be tomorrow. :) still need to work on my eating habits though: while i've been good at changing my brekkie habits and said goodbye to overeating on cereals that left me sick from the milk, i still have a tendecy to overeat: need to make sure not to skip my scheduled snacks between meals. also need to up my fruit and vege intake to replace the nutrition bars i'm currently downing all the bloody time. that much for now.

 wasn't in the mood to turn on the puter when coming back from the gym last night. yesterday, i did my usual monday program of a 60 minute pump class with bettina, followed by a 60 minute step class by claudia. pump was fun, we did a different -old- set, which had fab music and was a lot harder than the one thy currently use. weights per side warm up 3 1/2 kg legs (squats) 6 kg chest 3 1/2 kg back 4 1/2 kg triceps 3 1/2 kg biceps 3 1/2 kg shoulders 2 1/2 kg / 2 1/2 for side lifts legs (lunges) 5 kg step was good, too. only downside is that i hate the jumping/running bits between the seperate step sections - it makes me feel all wobbly and jiggly and yuck. need an even better sports bra, i guess. urgh. today, i did my three weight rounds, which were okay, went to a 45 minute step class by andrea and finished off with a 30 minute ab class. all good. i liked step, however, andrea was rather quick with step changes, so quick, that the other (bigger) lady in the class got very frustrated because she couldn't keep on. as a result, andrea toned both impact and speed down significantly, so that i didn't get as much out of it as i had hoped for. oh well. overall however, two good gym days.

 today 60 minutes crosstrainer (799 kcal, that last one just missed. duh), 60 minute bodystyling class by julia. had trouble concentrating, hated lunges. brekkie before would have been a good idea. eating sucks muchly, lots of nibbling, grazing. no good. not in the mood for writing.

 i decided to take a rest day from the gym today. needed it, muchly, and tried to not feel bad about it. last night, i went to a 60 minute combined step and bum class and a 30 minute ab class, both by sanne. step was very enjoyable and lovely, i really get a kick out of it these days, and am getting better, steadily. the bum exercises were nice, too, if hard. the ab class was as enjoayble as usual, and i was all strong and hardly needed any breaks. more working out tomorrow. i needed today for stuff around the house and just getting over yesterday's news. still all raw. - worried that letting go of my anger might result in a breakdown. hence throwing stuff away and tidying up instead. tomorrow: bodystyling class and crosstrainer: shall be fun.

 call me obsessed. this morning, after 20 minutes on the crosstrainer (250 kcal burned) i went to a beginner's class run by bettina - we did 40 minutes aerobics and then some simple strength exercises, mainly for legs and abs. it was a nice class, if not terribly hard at all. at least it was communicative and fun. tonight, after lots of whining on the phone to tina and my mom about whether i should go to yoga (both telling me no), i decided to drag myself to the gym again. good decision - i throughoutly enjoyed the 90 minute yoga class. i'm not sure what caused my whining this afternoon, whether it was laziness shining through, or needing another reason to go (i.e. rebelling against parents & tina) or whatever else. i do feel quite strange for having been at the gym twice today. and i feel weird about the fact that when i had decided not to go, for a short while around 6pm, i did not feel good, or relaxed or relieved or whatever. i just hated myself for these few minutes, telling myself i was lazy, that i had planned to go to yoga and should stick to it, and that i was letting the instructor down because i told her last saturday that i would be there today. so indeed, at the very last minute, i put on my fleece jumper, threw my stuff into a bag, put on my coat and was out the door before i could change my mind again. still, waiting for the bus, i was tempted to go back home, but i didn't. very very strange, what my mind was doing with me there today. yoga calmed me down though, and grounded me, and was very enjoyable. regretting not going (as in those few minutes when i didn't want to go) would have been quite appropriate. i realised again that i really like the movements, the stretching, the resting and the meditation, and bettina is a wonderful, gentle instructor (very very different from the annoying instructor who was there last year). her corrections are gentle and calm, and moving my hip with the tip of her already noticed some improvement at the end of the class, we did a guided meditation during which we were guided into imagining a sun radiating from our heart, warmth and light filling our bodies and the room and then - finally - reaching people that we love. i saw my love being guided, like via satellites, across mountains to tina in graz, across continents and oceans to evan, still in bed, being awakened by the sun. it was absolutely awesome. in any way, i am happy that i went, despite all that strange behaviour on my part this afternoon. guess another reason behind it was being very tired from lack of sleep (caused -no doubt- by the full moon) and having just had a nap... i don't know. let's just hope it doesn't happen again. am not sure whether this was a sign that i've been overdoing it, this subconscious not wanting to go or whatever. oh well, will see how it'll be in the next few days.

 wanted to do spinning today, but the instructor was sick. considering that i was already at the gym, i went to a tae-bo class instead. great decision. i wasn't exactly planning on doing any tae-bo any time soon (thinking it was too still too hard & yadayadayada), but it rocked and was probably better than spinning for me today, even though it meant that my plans to do nothing but cardio today was slashed by it. it is some kind of strenght training, after all. in any way, i throughoutly enjoyed it, not just because i felt all evil and strong and mean (and i swear, that's what i feel like when punching and kicking and shouting) but also because i enjoyed looking at my arm muscles. he. it was quite taxing, actually, and three quaters through the hour, i really was pretty much out of energy to kick. forced myself though, and did -overall- ok, i reckon. really liked the instructor, dirk, who didn't do tons of bizarre combinations, but instead few combinations, taking time to get into them and focus on doing them right. loved the fact that i actually have strenght to punch and kick and push and hold my fists up the entire time. lovely. not (sorry about that, but yes, i compared myself again) like the much skinnier girls who had no strength to be bad and to kick and to punch. left me quite content, bad me. strentgth was very much a non issue today, just stamina was. should try to fit some more tae-bo in. the question, however is: when? should see. would be fun to do it at least once a week. - too bad it clashes with pump (on mondays) and yoga (on thursdays), and on wednesdays, when i could do both tae-bo and pump, it clashes with - oh horror, buffy. maybe i should simply do weight circuit before. or do pump in the morn and be freaky enough to go back in the evening to do tae-bo. in contrast to the good workout (not only was i left feeling strong and evil, but also throughoutly worked out, warm and soft), my eating was a bit odd today, kept grazing for much of the day and consumed more than i should have i think. not good. needed nuts today. strange. also should avoid having gatorade again: plain water is much better during a workout.

 some more working out today, without evil stomach pain this time (if a crampy right thigh). did three rounds on the weight circuit, with some higher weights (triceps, legs, chest) than last time. worked out well, even though, as mentioned, my right thigh got all sore. duh. later went to a 45 minute step class by sanne, which was as enjoyable as the one last week. quite a thriller. did the same choreography, and the final round -to the sound of "can't get you out of my head" was so enjoyable and energizing tha ti still had energy to sing along. i guess i have finally got a hang of this step thing. strange! :) to top off, i stayed for the 30 minute ab class, which was fabulous, too. hard enough, entertaining enough. kept imagining myself in a bikini when things got difficult. hello, my name is carolin, and yes, i exercise to look good on the beach. am pondering whether i should just work out for one hour tomorrow. can't go in the morn, because i have a dentist appointment. first though my options in the evening were spiining followed by pumo, however it's buffy time by 9pm, so.... reckon i'll either just do spinning, or do weight rounds, then spinning. am leaning towards the first a wee bit. - might be a good idea to not do weight training for a day for a change. anyway: these thoughts are proof i am not seriously overexcercising yet: buffy still rates higher than pump.

 i'm not sure whether i should call myself determined or plain stupid... spend two hours at the gym today, doing two 60 minute classes: first pump, then a reebok step one. pump, run by bettina, was nice. decided to up the weigths for the legs, just because i did not feel like i had reached the border of my stength before. - and yes, partly because evan was planning on joining a body pump class at his gym, too, and kept kidding me about i being a "girlie" class. he. would have loved to see him struggle - i bet his endurance strenght is by no means as good as he thinks it is. in any way, upping the weigths was a good decision, 6 kg for squats, and 5 for lunges is just about difficult enough. might be able to put more on both chest and back next time. the arm & shoulder weights are borderline, and rightly so. weights per side warm up 3 1/2 kg legs (squats) 6 kg chest 3 1/2 kg back 4 1/2 kg triceps 3 1/2 kg biceps 3 1/2 kg shoulders 2 1/2 kg / 2 1/2 for side lifts legs (lunges) 5 kg in any way, today i felt like i had worked out after pump, and that was much needed. strange little moment during pump: while doing the lunges, my calves looked like someone elses calves, all firm and nice. :) also, during back exercises or so, for a change i looked for my reflection in the window instead of the mirror, and took a few moments to recognize that the one in the black pants, the striped shirt, the pigtails and the okay looking legs was me. he. good moments. the step class was run by claudia, and not particularly difficult, just about right both intensity & choreography wise. however, about 5 minutes into the class, i developed major stomach pain in my lower left abdomen and was close to just putting the step away and leaving. here's where my determination versus stupidity thing comes in: i forced myself through it. after a while, the pain did go away. odd. it was too low for being caused by wrong breathing, and by the time it happened, it had been more than 2 hours since my last snack, too. should definitely see a doc about my stomach troubles, the only question is: which doc? i really don't feel like going to my looser homeopathy gp, again, but feel even less like doc shopping from the yellow pages. duh. plus going to the doc would involve giving details about my eating habits, which i just don't feel like at the moment. in any way, no matter what, if it doesn't get better -and i just doubt that it will, because as soon as immodium acute stops working, it's the same story all over again, including nasty cramping and pain- i absolutely have to see one. have given myself ultimatums before, and haven't adhered to them, and that has to stop. must be the unconscious worry about getting a colonoscopy to see what's wrong/having crohn's/whatever else might be behind it. i wish it's ibs and i'd get antidepressants again. woopee. however, there is no way around going to a doc. need to remind myself of my parent's friend's daughter who died of colon cancer at 19. anyway, enough about my gi tract. once the pain went away, all was okay and the class passed by in a sec. noticed that i started to get annoyed by one other participant in the class, who has the longest limbs in the whole wide world. it's nothing but jealousy, and i know it. the anorexic girl was there again, too. she was already sweating on the spinning bike when i walked into the gym, did cardio all while i was doing pump and then joined the step class, too, being the one doing the extra jumos, lifting her arms and legs higher than everyone else. i am a bit worried because none of the trainers , instructors or supervisors seems to have ever approached her in the three years or so that she has been loosing all that weight. these days, she resembles urlLink princess victoria of sweden in her worst days : all bones and nose and skinny shoulders. and she has urlLink lanugo . scary. but then - nothing i can do, i guess. am in no position to comment. anyway. i am feeling quite okay now, had some rice to prevent feeling sick again, like last week, am sipping away on water, all is well. more step tomorrow. hooray.

 was a good gym girl. yesterday, i was sane enough to downsize my insane plans, and just do 2 rounds of weight circuit (instead of three), no cardio (instead of an hour) and just an additional 90 minutes of Yoga. I just didn't feel like doing cardiowork yesterday, so i tried to not feel guilty for being such a quitter and breaking my vows of cardio every day on the first note, and instead see it as a bit of a rest day. wasn't one, exactly, but i just didn't want to loose the great wide open feeling i had after yoga by doing some ordinary cardio afterwards. the weight rounds went by quickly, i put on a little more weigth than last time. however, i noticed again that i got a bit stressed while working out, worried to be too late for the class. duh. the yoga class rocked. liked the instructor, and it was calm and just the right amount of difficulty. enjoyed it very much and will go every thrusday night now. such a great addition to all the usual stuff i do, really enjoyed the slowness and the stretching and the different moves. realised how much i missed yoga - but then, i dropped out of it last time because i hated the instructor and because the class rarely happened because of lack of participants, not because i hated yoga. the only downside of the class was the temperature in the room: it was way too cold. way too cold. i was freezing throughout the relaxation at the beginning and the end, especially because i walked in straight from weight training. complained afterwards. will bring warm top next time. today, i spend an hour on the crosstrainer (760 kcal burned), before joing a 60 minute bodystyling class by julia. worked out with the barbell today, and that was nice. almost like a small pump class. :) now, i already feel the soreness crawling into my muscles - especially right around my pelvic bones. ouch. should do some more stretching and relaxing today, i guess. very much looking forward to both a pump and a step class tomorrow. feeling so much better about my body already. 3 1/2 more weeks of this intense workout level, and i should feel good about hitting the beach.

 today's workout: 60 minutes crosstrainer, 60 minute bodystyling class the cardiostuff on the crosstrainer was fine, did intervalls, at level 5-7, burned 760 kcal or so. enjoyable. could have pushed myself further though, and that is a sucky feeling to have after a workout, i reckon. downside was, that something was wrong with my shoes today, just couldn't get comfortable feet, and that started to really bother me during the lunges in the bodystyling class. hurt like hell. i actually think it's too blame on the sports socks i wore - realised today that they must have shrunk massively in the dryer and are so non-stretchy now, that my toes invitably get cramped in them. add to that now a badly laced workout boot. gah. will not wear the socks anymore. the bodystyling class was hence quite hampered. also couldn't concentrate and just wasn't too thrilled about doing the same old moves yet again. don't know. just couldn't be bothered, really. quite alarming - i need to concentrate and focus better, it just isn't worth spending time in a class at gym if i don't make the most of it. grr. am a wee little bit angry with myself about this, actually. duh. anyway. will do better tomorrow, when i am planning on doing three rounds weight circuit, an hour of cardio on the crosstrainer and a 90 minute yoga class. lock me up, i am overexercising, hooray.

 good morning at the gym: unexpected pump class! started out with 60 minutes on the crosstrainer, reading men's health (their sex tips are just as bad as those in cosmopolitan) and burning 750 kcal. hooray. the introduction class run by bettina turned out to be a normal pump class, just with a real warm up, with the music a tad bit slower and no clean and press in the back exercise section. weights per side warm up 3 1/2 kg legs (squats) 5 kg chest 3 1/2 kg back 4 1/2 kg (no clean & press) triceps 3 1/2 kg biceps 3 1/2 kg shoulders 2 1/2 kg legs (lunges) 3 1/2 kg all very enjoyable, no pain, no soreness from yesterday. felt a bit odd though, because i was the one with the heaviest weights in that class. oy. all weights felt ok though - apart form the triceps one, maybe, but then i've been wanting to up the weights for more impact. might up the weight for the squats. should decide on monday. that aside, i enjoyed it, mainly because i enjoyed looking at me in the mirror, for a change. wore my purple top, and kept staring at my shoulders and arms, which *did* look good, i reckon, all muscluar and firm. i'll never be skinny-skinny, but firm and muscular, i can live with. :) am still taking it a bit easier foodwise, btw, and that has been good, too. feel better, even though i still have major tummy trouble. hmph.

 good workout again today. started out with 25 minutes on the crosstrainer before joining a pump class run by julia. enjoayble, as usual. put more weights on the barbell and tried to concentrate better in order to make the workout more efficient and harder. again, it was not *that* difficult, though. either need to use even more weights, or accept that i only get the real "kick" from intense cardio classes these days. weights per side warm up 3 1/2 kg legs (squats) 5 kg chest 3 1/2 kg back 4 1/2 kg triceps 2 1/2 kg biceps 2 1/2 kg shoulders 2 legs (lunges) 3 1/2 afterwards, i did another 35 minutes on the crosstrainer (calories burned total: 780). need to remind myself that -while the weight training is good and fun- the cardio is what burns fat and that i need to do at least 45, ideally 60, minutes of it a day. enjoyed splitting the cardio work today: not only does it feel more efficient (time wise), but it also served as a good warm up, and loosened my muscles up quite nicely after pump.

 i'm such a good girl gym wise, such a bad girl food wise. monday, i went to the gym in the evening, and did a 60 minute pump class, followed by a 60 minute step class, both run by bettina. pump was good, even though it seemed rather "easy" somehow. guess i need to use more weight and concentrate on the muscles groups more. step was fun. i usually hate step, but this was a good manageable choreography and a damn fine work out overall. pushed myself really hard and felt good directly after the class. however, by the time i got home and had finished talking to tina, who called as i walked in the door, i was absolutely exhausted, dehydrated, headachy, jittery and about to throw up. not good. forced myself to drink water and eat 4 rusks, because i couldn't manage anything else. went to be straight away, and was quite worried, falling asleep, that i'd throw up in my sleep. oy. thankfully, i woke up all rested and fine. need to be careful to eat and drink a little more before doing these hefty workouts. today, i did three rounds of weight circuit, took part in a 45 minute step class and a 30 minute ab class, both run by sanne. doing the weight was good, even though i got all stressed out about being ready for the class on time (which worked out fine in the end). tried to concentrate on the muscles i was working again, which worked ok. could barely manageas many lower back exercises as planned - guess those muscles need some rest after yesterday's pump, even though i wasn't sore at all this morning. the 45 minute step class was quite taxing, mainly choreography wise, which involved plenty of turns and jumps and what have you. could have easily done 15 more minutes. the ab class was lovely & hard, just the right amount of difficulty. managed more full sit ups then everyone else. he.:)

 good day at the gym again. worked out for 30 minutes on the crosstrainer (370 kcal burned) before joining a 60 minute bodystyling class by julia, which was as enjoyable as usual. again quite a focus on legs and bum, which was good. killer leg lift variations, which left my gluteus maxiums burning. ouch. got all angry again at my legs - the muscles in there are so big - why are they so blody weak during some exercises? hate being the struggling one in a class. anyway. still enjoyable. more tomorrow.

 was such a good girl at the gym today, indeed, despite a still lingering heaviness and soreness all over this body of mine. just as planned, i did three rounds on the weight circuit. strantely enough, it went reasonably quickly, mainly, because i was alone there, besides some guy using the upper body machines while i was doing my first round. it stresses me if several people use the weight circuit at the same time, - makes me feel rushed (which makes my posture on the machines crappy) and self conscious and makes the whole ordeal last longer because of the constant re-adjusting of the machines. so today was quite undisturbed in that regard. nice. the actual workout was good: used weights of a medium weight range (a little less than the last time i did the weight circuit, which was (oops) in june), concentrated on the muscle groups i was working on and took extra care in having good posture. got some tips regarding the latter from matt robert's book 90 day fitness plan. very fine, indeed. when the bum workout got to bad (and boy, did it get bad), i visualised myself on a beach. same for the shoulder press. i hate it with a passion, but kept thinking about how sexy slightly muscular firm shoulders & arms are in evan's opinion. kept imagining getting compliments for them while wearing singlets (which i usually get anyway, but still). it helps, that visualisation thing. he. after the three rounds on the weight circuit, i did a solid 60 minutes on the cross trainer, on a relatively high intensity. the last 10 minutes didn't seem to pass at all. gah. in the end, i burned off about 770 kcal, and those extra 70 kcal (2/3 of a timtam!) hurt. a lot. but what's the slogan again? work harder, burn longer. i hope that's true. finished off with stretching, again undisturbed (the stretching corner is in the middle of the most testosteroen laden area of the gym -where the groaning men are- and completely mirrored. gah.) overall, i am quite happy and content about the amount worked out today. and there will be more tomorrow. am so serious about looking good in summer.

 worked out a bit less today compared to the last two days - am still exceptionally sore, and -again- ran out of energy in the middle of the workout. spend 30 minutes on the crosstrainer (350 kcal burned) before going to a 60 minute bodystyling class run by julia. the class was good, usual bodystyling exercises, with quite a focus on legs and bum again. my legs were killing me throughout, and i realised once we had reached the final ab sequences, that i was totally running on empty. duh. had planned on doing 30 more minutes on teh crosstrainer after the class, but knew i just wouldn't manage. will do more tomorrow: am planning on three rounds on the weight circuit, and 60 minutes crdio. guess that half the giant's block protein bar this morning wasn't enough for breakfast. oy. again didn't feel like breakfast at all. need to resolve this issue somehow. the breakfast issue aside, my eating has been okay, apart from rather persisiting cravings for crunchy things (rusks and the like) in the evening. will try to substitute them with veges tonight. may it work.

 i am so fucking sore today. feel almost every single muscle that i moved yesterday. my bum, legs and shoulders hurt the most. ouch. on the upside, my arms and shoulders have this nice - day after weight training look. yum. i went to the gym despite the soreness. who cares about giving muscles a rest? i don't. especially not when I have to be on a beach next month. did a one hour class run by bettina, which consisted of 30 minutes step, interspersed with 5 minute intervalls of upper body (i.e. shoulders, biceps, triceps) exercises with reebok tubes. the last 30 minutes were spend with killer lower body exercises, squats & lunges (during which I felt yesterday's pump session), execises for the bum, calves, and thighs (both front and back). halleluja. it was just what i, or rather, my lower body, needed though. my legs and bum are my weak spots, and today's exercises were fab. really enjoy bettina's teaching style and was a tiny class, too, just 5 people total, all cosy and personal. afterwards, i dragged myself over to the crosstrainer, where i somehow managed to spend another 60 minutes. geez. after 50 minutes, i was totally drained and out of it, but somehow managed to keep going. again, i felt all my reserves run empty. need to have more than the protein shake i had (which was good, because it was a wheat free meal, after all, and bad, because the milk made my stomach go weird for a while. bought low fat lactose free milk today, to see whether that will make a difference.) had a good time at the gym today, quite communicative. the woman who i chatted with every day i was there over summer -about my trip to australia, and her house building, and her travels (need to ask for her name, next time), was quiet excited to see me again after all these months, and had fab news: she is pregnant, and -despite being at just 12 weeks- already has a noticeable belly and significantly larger breasts. i noticed the latter at first sight, walking into the locker room. odd - never realised i looked at other women's breasts that directly. oh well. the weirdest thing though was, that she - in the middle of the step part of the class- said "oh, you've been to the gym while you were in australia, too, haven't you?" and went on to ask whether i has lost weight and to tell me i looked lots better. bizarre. because i don't think i weigh less or am fitter than the last time we met. it turned even more bizarre, when -while i was on the crosstrainer- bettina came over, julia in tow, and gave me the exact same compliment, asking how much weight i have lost, and telling me it looked good. while i politely thanked her for the compliment, i told her i didn't have scales (which i don't), and wasn't aware of any losses. but happy nonetheless, if i looked good. odd. very odd. especially because the new scales at the gym (on which i stepped yesterday) showed a lot more weight than the ones at my parents place, which i have been using while I was there (and which showed slightly more weight after australia, which was no surprise after all those timtams, and a little less since my swimming and working out with cindy). anyway. odd. oh well. i won't worry about this and wonder whether they just remembered me fatter than i ever was, but try to take this as the nice compliment it was intended to be. who knows, maybe all my restricting and working out is finally paying off, who knows. :)

 ouch. pangs of guilt strike me, when i see how long i haven't updated here. oh well. i've been less active, but not completely inactive since then... while in melbourne, i was pretty lazy, due to work stress and lack of a gym. however, evan and i went running on the weekends - quite revolutionary for me, because i usually strongly dislike running. it turned out to be half as bad though, and i've even done some running here. wow. the things i do for love, he. since i've returned, my activity level has risen: while at my parents, i went swimming almost every morning and swam between 1km and 1.5km a go, and also worked out with my old cindy crawford tape. better than nothing, me thinks. now i am back in freiburg though, and the countdown to my take off to melbourne is running. just about 36 days, and i won't be able to hide behind thick jumpers. 36 days, and i'll have to be on the beach, in few clothes. ouch. so. until then, it's the gym every day (ideally a class + an hour of fatburning), teamed up with supplements, sensible eating and l'oreal skinfirming potions. may it work. am also following matt roberts 90 day fitnessplan, which is a funky, well thought through book, and quite up to date in both it's work out and diet approach. i am in stage one now, so besides the fitness goals, i will: eat breakfast; have at least 2l of water; attempt to have 4 pieces of fruit and 3 servings of veges; cut out red meat; and ban processed wheat from at least one of my meals. sounds do able. to kick off, i went to a pump class by julia today. not having done pump in months, i chose weights at the lower end of the scale, which worked out well. weights per side: warm up 3 1/2 kg legs (squats) 4 1/2 kg chest 2 back 3 1/2 triceps 2 biceps 2 shoulders 1 legs (lunges) 3 1/2 only picked too high a weight for lunges - geez, what a hard routine that was. could have used more weight for my shoulders. overall, it was an enjoyable class that made me feel good. am sure i will be sore tomorrow, but well... always happens. spend an hour on the crosstrainer afterwards, which was quite taxing and a wee bit boring, too. tried making it more bearable by visualising myself on a nsw beach. having had just a small fruit brekkie (not good, not within my plan), i clearly felt my energy run out. still burned off more thn 700 kcal. woohoo. gone are the 4 timtams i binged last night. or so i hope. anyway. the gym has got a new timetable, i just had a good look through, and it seems like there are plenty of enjoyable classes for me every day. let's hope my motivation lasts.

 webmd knows about my struggles. i was greeted with a link to this article on the front page: urlLink diet dilemmas: snack attack . thanks.

 today, i did 35 minutes on the cross trainer (on quite a high intensity, 510 kcal, yeah) and then joined a body pump class with julia. bizzarely enough, none of the wednesday morning regulars turned up, so julia and i did the class all alone, just the two of us, which was lovely, of course. - the alternative would have been to do my upper body weights today, which i didn't exactly feel like.julia profited from it though, too: we tried out the new choreography for the first time. it worked ok, butr not perfectly, and so far, i must admit that i much prefer the previous one we had, both music and exercise wise. - but maybe that's just because this was the first time. know for sure that i will have to up the weights on some of these rounds, soon. felt worked out, but maybe not enough so. oh well, i'll see soon enough. weights per side warm up: 3 1/2 kg squats: 7 kg chest: 4 1/2 kg back: 5 kg triceps: 3 1/2 kg biceps: 3 1/2 shoulders: 2 1/2 and 2 1/2 for side lifts lunges: 6kg i wore my matte light grey pants today, which was interesting. it's the most unflattering colour and cut for a workout pant, but they do feel very good, and let me observe my legs better than my wide black pants. it's amazing, my legs are starting to look better. more muscles, less flab! yay! unfortunately though, i managed to team the unflattering pants with a t-shirt too short, so that i spend less time admiring my progress, and more time staring at my saddlebags. on another note, my eating sucks, btw, am constantly grazing and nibbling and longing for food and eating left overs. eek. wonder what it means that my body wants to be fed so often at the moment. am also quite curious as to how much i will weigh on my parents scale on friday. theirs is the one scale that counts, and i haven't been on it in 5 weeks. eep.

 the past few days: saturday : 90 minute yoga class. my muscles couldn't handle anything but that, i swear. sunday : rest & hangover day. as it happens, after the consumption of a whole bottle of red. monday : upper body weights, 45 minutes crosstrainer - i had wanted to do pump & step in the evening, as usual, but decided against it because tina came over for dinner. more important than working out. tuesday : lower body weights, 45 minute step class (with andrea), 30 minute ab class today was quite lovely. i enjoy my lower body weights so much, i can't tell. nothing quite like legs being all wobbly directly after, and all firm and nice a bit later. yay! step was enjoyable, even though i can't help but notice that andrea isn't that great at getting vibes from the folks in the course, realising what level people can work out at or at teaching at non-advanced level. oh well. i liked it, as usual. so odd when suddenly, after 30 minutes or so, the cardio rush sets in, and i get all excited and motivated and high. there is no yoga tonight, so i'll be making an extra effort to practise alone here later.

 i've gotten very lazy this week with my note taking, with everything that i usually note - food, working out, my budget. argh. really need to force myself to keep writing everything down, especially with food and my budget. it's my usual habit of avoiding things that are difficult/embarassing rearing its ugly head again. like my spending habits. oh well. also need to remind myself that while it's good to shop for organic products at my local cool organic supermarket, it's still overeating when i'm eating organic food, too. syrup waffles are syrup waffles, organic or not. anyway, my working out this week has been ok, despite a bout of depression and the usual pms happening together earlier in the week. monday : i was -as embarassing as it is- too depressed to work out. at the time i had wanted to leave for gym, i was curled up on my bed, crying. i felt too fragile to wear little clothing, move and be around people. tuesday : morning: lower body weights, abs, 20 min cardio evening: 90 minute yoga class i had planned on doing a step class in the morning, after my weight training, but walked out after 10 minutes - i had a major headache from crying the night before and lack of sleep, that got significantly worse from the jumping. also loked shitty, felt shitty, and just didn't feel like completing the class at all, same as the day before: being around people, even the interaction in class was too much. yoga in the evening was awesome, though, because by then, things with evan had been sorted, and i was relaxed, flexible and happy. did several asanas for the first time, and felt wide, open, stretched, all over happy and elated afterwards. wednesday : 60 minutes body pump, 40 minutes crosstrainer upped weights, which worked out very well. weights per side warm up: 3 1/2 kg squats: 7 kg chest: 4 1/2 kg back: 5 kg triceps: 3 1/2 kg and 5kg biceps: 3 1/2 shoulders: 2 1/2 and 2 1/2 for side lifts lunges: 6kg felt very good before, during and after. all very lovely. thursday : morning: upper body weigths, 60 minute fit plus class (20 minutes warm up, 40 minutes bodystyling) evening: 90 minute yoga class. the fit plus class was than last week, even though it was still nowhere near my level. - am still unsure whether i should keep going. yoga was lovely in the evening, too. loved the inversions today, but struggled a bit with the usually easy downward facing dog and had to work harder on the forward bends. friday : lower body weights, 60 minute pump class, 30 minutes crosstrainer started my gym session intending on doing only my lower body weights plus some cardio. the lower body weights worked fine - i have found my rythm with the exercises, didn't feel stressed or hectic at all, and felt good feeling my muscles work. while i was doing my last but one exercise of the routine, julia was walking around the gym looking for people to join a class that was supposed to be bodystyling. however, 4 out of the 5 people that were there were body pump enthusiasts, so she decided to run that class instead. so i joined in. - there was no way i could have worked out nearby, hearing the body pump music... it felt quite silly getting the weights set up and all, considering i had already worked out my lower body and back quite intensively. alas, obviously not to the fullest: i had no problems whatsoever during the class, all exercises worked out well. it wasn't till the lunges that i felt the exhaustion in my legs. - and that was (and still is, actually) a lovely feeling that i have been longing for in ages. weights per side warm up: 3 1/2 kg squats: 7 kg chest: 4 1/2 kg back: 5 kg triceps: 3 1/2 kg and 5kg biceps: 3 1/2 shoulders: 2 1/2 and 2 1/2 for side lifts lunges: 5kg (which was a mistake. i had forgotten that i had done 6kg last time) pretty much forced myself on the crosstrainer after pump, mainly because i've been way too lazy with the cardio again this week. at least something. i don't know what i'll do tomorrow: i think because i've done so much today, i might do only my 90 minute yoga class. i'll decide on how sore i will be tomorrow - i expect to be very sore (i already feel it creeping into my muscles, and i mean all my muscles!), but that's good. haven't had that for a while.

 today: upper body weights (2 or 3 sets, until muscle group "worked out"), abs, 60 minutes crosstrainer, stretching forced myself to go the gym very very early today, to profit from an empty weight area & crosstrainer. worked well. was happy with the weights routine. however, i got very stressed about the cardio work again: couldn't decide how long i should be on the stupid machine and kept changing my mind all the way through. finally forced myself to do an hour though, which was mind-numbing and terribly boring, because i couldn't even concentrate on the mags i was reading. maybe i should get books on tape. hm. my nervousness, indecisiveness and jitteryness could be to blame on my not very high quality breakfast before the work out though, too. duh. easy to change that one, thankfully. tomorrow: no crosstrainer for a change. will work out in the evening: a pump class with bettina and then a step class afterwards. yay.

 haven't managed to post every day, even though i worked out all week. wednesday, 12th - 35 minutes crosstrainer, 60 minutes pump thursday, 13th - workout b (upper body, 3 sets 25), fit plus class (20 minutes step, upper body weights, abs), 90 minutes yoga friday, 14th - rest day saturday, 15th - workout a (lower body, 3 sets 25), abs, 60 minutes crosstrainer overall, i am happy about my work out habits this week my new workouts have been going fine. - despite my expectations, i wasn't sore on wednesday at all. i don't think i've found the ideal weights to use for some exercises yet. think i can up the weights on some of the leg exercises. in contrast, i need to use less weigth on the butterfly machine. i upped some of the weights during pump on wednesday, too. got to remind myself to overall use more weights. - i think i am getting lazy in pump. i am not content with the amount of cardio i did this week - i don't think i did quite so far. - discussed the amount of cardio that would be ideal with stephan, and he said i should aim for at least 3 hours, which i just barely did so far. it's just so boooring to spend that much time on the crosstrainer...oh well. need to find a way to spice it up. need to do a full hour tomorrow, too. i am not sure whether i will continue going to fit plus class on thursday mornings. i like the social aspect of it, bettina is a great instructor, and i like the fact we do something different each week, but (and this is a major but), it's just not been challenging enough, and i've started to think it's a waste of time. in thursdays class, i didn't even break a sweat, even though i used pretty big weights for the weights part and did all the extra moves for step. so far, i've always managed to personalise my exercise in that class, but the week before, bettina told me it wasn't appropriate to use weights that class. - i don't know, why. maybe to not frighten the newbies. also, elke has been annoying me by commenting about my exercise schedule and workout intensity. we have different fitness goals, and she shouldn't be comparing us. it's that easy. i think i might keep joining fit plus for certain classes, i.e. when they do spinning, or step or pump, and only after doing my usual work out, i.e. the designated weight training for the day plus a little cardio. i was very happy about my yoga practise this week, thurday's class went exceptionally well, urlLink i did my first headstand and managed to hold the crow for a short while. i took my rest day on friday, mainly because it was v-day and i needed the morning for cozy phone time with evan. - also, i just didn't feel like working out in the afternoon or evening, i had a lazy day, and decided to enjoy it. worked ok - i had a lot more energy for my work out today. i also managed to relax during work out today. it's important that i improve the relaxation aspect and see working out as something that is a treat and good for me. - i really shouldn't stress while doing a certai exercise whether i will do two or three sets, while doing weights, i really shouldn't stress about whether i will get a crosstrainer and how long i will be working out on it. instead, i should go with the flow, decide by how i feel, concentrate on my muscles and enjoy. sounds like a good lesson to work on this coming week.

 today: lower body weights (3 sets each), 45 minute step class, 30 min ab class, 90 minutes yoga the lower body thing was so hard that i doubt i can walk tomorrow. ouch. i am unsure whether i should keep listing yoga as a work out. i am primarily looking for mental results, so.... don't know. got to think about it. in other news, more comments from random people at the gym about my weight. i still don't know what or how to reply to "wow, you've lost quite some weight there, eh?". odd. i would simply never ever approach someone about weight loss. never ever, for fear of having a negative impact on their body image...

 i had a program discussion & show at the gym today. stephan, one of the personal trainers at my gym, first off gave me lots of positive feedback and praise, which was lovely. he kept referring to me as very experienced and advanced. yay. i complained to him that i had grown rather bored with my weights routine, and that i needed something new to rev up my working out and keep seeing the results i already have seen (you know, the two clothes sizes less and all). stephan suggested some fab things, and we together drafted a good new work out program for me. we decided on an almost traditional split workout, to ensure that my muscles to get enough recovery between workouts. previously, i had been doing about 4-5 weight sessions a week, sometimes without even 24 hours recovery in between. silly, and such a waste of energy. i have two different workouts now: workout a: legs & bum (5 exercises), back (3 exercises) and biceps (1 exercise) workout b: chest (2 exercises), shoulders (3 exercises), triceps (1 exercise), abs (variations of my favourite ab exercises, for all ab sections) we decided that i will keep reps high, namely between 20 and 25 (i started out today doing 25), and that i will do 2 or 3 sets, depending on whether the muscle is worked to its fullest after 2 sets or not. also, i will not be taking breaks between sets, but work on the opposing muscle (where possible) in the meantime. it's quite cool, while most is still machine bound, the shoulder, biceps and some of the chest exercises are all with free weigths. yay. lots of testosterone floating around the mirrors there. he. as i was doing my set b today, doing shoulder raises, a guy next to me was working his triceps and moaning so loudly and consistenly, i think i know have an idea what he sounds like when he.. well.. comes. my life was better before i that, i think. my workout schedule for the next 12 weeks will be this: mondays: workout b & cardio or body pump & cardio tuesdays: workout a & step class & ab class wednesdays: body pump & cardio thursdays: workout b & fitplus class or cardio fridays: workout a & cardio saturdays: workout b & cardio or rest day sundays: workout a & cardio or rest day there will also be -hopefully- two yoga classes, one tuesday night with ralph, one thursday night with bettina. i think i will alternate saturdays and sundays as full on rest days. i admit that it is a hefty schedule, but i think that once i have gotten used to the new exercises and found the right way to organise my workout, i will work out less per session while seeing better results and being less bored. weeh! am very excited.

 long time no post, but plenty of working out in between... workout schedule over the past two weeks : january 29.1. - 60 minutes crosstrainer (850 kcal), 60 minutes body pump 30.1. - 2 rounds weight circuit, fitball abwork, 25 minutes crosstrainer (340 kcal), 60 minute fit-plus (circuit training with focus on legs & aerobic exercise), 90 minute yoga session 31.1 - 30 minutes crosstrainer (425 kcal), 60 minute bodystyling class february 1.2. - no workout, severe back pain 2.2. - no workout, severe back pain 3.2. - 20 minutes crosstrainer, 60 minutes body pump 4.2. - 3 rounds weight circuit, 10 minutes crosstrainer, 45 minutes step class, 30 minutes ab class 5.2. - 60 minutes body pump 6.2. - 2 rounds weight circuit, fit-plus class (30 min step, 30 min bodystyling), 90 min yoga 7.2. - rest day 8.2. - rest day 9.2. - 50 min crosstrainer, 60 min bodystyling 10.2. - workout b, 40 minutes crosstrainer between the last post here and my taking off to australia in mid december, i worked out similarly, i.e. every single day. while i was in australia, evan and i worked out about two or three times a week, either running or doing a weight workout, during which i did my basic weight circuit program, substituting some machines with free weights.

 there's no kidding myself anymore: winter, cosy partnered living & eating, stress at uni, recurring health issues of the serious kind and a change in birth control pills have caused some not so good changes in my body. - it's about time to get more structured about working out again, and this blog has helped with this in the past. how good that summer is back and the bike is usable, both makes the gym highly accesible. the current goals: &middotgetting rid of 7kg of unneeded fat without freaking out about numbers on scales; &middot getting into a regular workout routine without freaking out because of time constraints; and above all &middot feeling stronger and even more energetic than i already do anyway. on the eating side of things, i've been transforming from ovo-lacto-vegetarian to vegan over the past few weeks, which has been a fab experience so far: i'm eating better than ever, i guess; the only downside being a strange craving for nuts lately, and while i know about their nutritional value, i know about their fat content, too. no working out today though: i'm stuck at home with an evil sore throat and head cold. all attempts to make myself go to the gym this morning failed miserably, which -looking back- was probably the best thing to do: this cold has gotten worse and worse throughout the day, i can't even stand or walk properly. grrrrrr. hopefully, i'll feel better tomorrow, so that a gentle bike ride with andrea and some yoga are doable activity options.

 oh, i'm such a good girl. i went to the gym today, despite my own attempts to sabotage that plan by telling myself all the reasons i could stay at home (work, menstruation, more work, sore muscles). when it was time to leave though, i convinced myself to put on my workout gear, dropped the waterbottle and towel into the backpack, and grabbed the bike, so before i could succeed at talking myself out of it, i was on my way. good on me. too bad though, that my first pump class in months, a class i had anticipated so much sucked. and sucked totally. i don't like alina, the instructor, anyway, but today was especially bad. i don't think she is actually qualified to teach pump in the first place. first off, she didn't seem happy that she was there. she didn't know the routines and made them up as she went (which you just can't with pump, which is supposed to be choreographed). she didn't speak loud enough, she didn't correct bad posture, she was out of rhythm, forgot exercises, didn't stretch afterwards.. well, she sucked, really, her class sucked, and i wish i had spend my time in a more useful manner. i had trouble holding my temper, actually. i felt the anger rise after the leg and back exercises, because i realised i simply wasn't getting the intense workout i had hoped for. i tried to modify, but that made me feel odd, too. so yeah: it was a hard workout, and i did get sweaty, but it just was not hard enough. not nearly hard enough. overall, that was ok though, because i was totally underfed and on the ride back shivered and shook because of low blood sugar. bad me. good i didn't have time for additional cardio, i'd collapsed on the cross trainers, or on the ride home. now i am fed though, and the soccer is on, and almost all is ok. only almost, because dirk crashed badly with the grassboard this afternoon and his right knee is about twice its normal size. so he's in need of some tender loving care, and tomorrow morning, i'll drag him to the doc. only almost, too, because my bike is broken and about to die, and i don't have any money for a new one. grrr. but it worked out today, and that's good. and i'll work out tomorrow, and that's good, too. and on wednesday, we'll spend the day at a spa. yay.

 i finally managed to get my lazy bum to the gym again. hooray! the gym hiatus was almost 5 weeks long. back then, i had a really good gym streak, several weeks of regular working out, but then came sickness, stress, heat, stress and more sickness. alas, all is well again. experience has shown that once i'm back in the habit, i stick to it. i feel so much better again after two days of working out, it's quite miraculous. friday morning, i did my usual lower body weights training plus some 30 minutes of cross trainer. i would have preferred doing more, but due to time constraints (i had a shrink appointment that morning), i was in a bit of a rush. it was a good workout though. i enjoy the lower body set anyway, and it felt really good to feel those muscles working. all these weeks on non-working out had made me feel all wobbly (especially those large legs of mine), and the workout showed me quickly that there are muscles under there. hooray to that! saturday afternoon, i went to a bodystyling and bmw class run by andrea. as usual, her classes were a lot of fun, and highly taxing. no matter how much whining i do before going to the gym, or how much i try to talk myself out of going sometimes, once i am in front of the step in her class, it's all good, and i know i am there for a good reason. today, i am nicely sore all over, especially in the legs and abs, as was to be expected. there wasn't any time for cardio saturday: the day was quite packed with other things and i'm happy i got time to do as much working out as i did. i thought about going to the gym today, but decided against it: i needed some relationship time. rushing off to the gym at 8:30 on a sunday kills that essential relationship. it was okay though, with all that soreness and such. this week, i hope to get to the gym at least 4 times. on monday evening, i want to do some cardio and attend the first pump class in ages. pump is my fave workout of all times, and i miss it a lot. ever since my gym stopped offering pump in the mornings, i haven't been to a class, so i hope to change that tomorrow. tuesday morning, i should be doing my upper body weights, plus a step and abs class with andrea. wednesday, i hope to do lower body weights and spinning (wobbly legs galore!). thrusday/friday i should fit in some more cardio and weights. i'm going away on the weekend, to an ip seminar from uni, and don't know yet, whether i will leave on saturday or sunday. if it'll be sunday, i'll go to andreas bodystyling class saturday afternoon again. yeah: a week of workout fun is ahead! - it's all very much needed. my energy levels improve so much with working out, and i feel so much better about myself as well. considering that the ip seminar might very well include some swimming with fellow students, that's all needed, indeed..

 't was about bloody time. That's really all I can say for the moment. Fed up with the limited world of urlLink Open Diary , I have ventured into new territory. Let's see where this will lead to, whether I ever get around to adding this to a RealWebsite or whether this will stay here and quietly develop into whatever this will be. Hm. Time to get to know this new TimeWastingDevice. Yay. More soonish.

 oh, and I had a lovely 70 minutes on the phone with Ev....very very nice. :)

 I keep staring at my toenails since last night, btw. They look so very lovely. I somehow like my feet so much better than usual when my toenails wear urlLink this . (A cheap version of the exact colour, I mean, of course. 30$ for nail polish? I wish I had that much extra.)

 A few days ago, urlLink Shauny linked to the urlLink review of the new cover version of "Lady Marmalade" at urlLink MightybigTV.com and had this lovely excerpt of the recap: Christina Aguilera is trying to hide her face from the camera, but her skank goes on. She's got some chunky nose piercing that looks like a piece of popcorn stuck to her face. Her lips are lined darker than her lipstick (a look that screams, "Blowjobs. Apply Here."). Her eyelashes are covered in glitter. Hot pink eye shadow. Some dark pubic hair-looking things are poking out from under the crimped bleached-blonde hair on her head. It's scary. Ever since I read that, I wanted to see the video. Would it be as bad as I imagined it to be after reading that? I should have never asked for it, really. Since last night, every time I turned into one of my two not so good music channels (namely MTV and VIVA), THAT video was one. And I swear, it is WORSE than you imagine it to be. A LOT WORSE. It deserves a top spot in that MTV show on bad videos. Urgh.

 Not feeling to great today, don't know. Came suddenly. It's still way too warm over here, even though we had tons of thunderstorms since last night. I actually woke up at abround 4am because it was so light in my room from the massive lightning. Very impressive. I was half asleep though, can't remember when and how I got up to close my balcony door...very odd. Spend the morning chatting to Linnie for a while (and to Dan, too), before I ventured into town to get a ticket for tomorrow's train ride and some dead animals for Michel and me to throw on the Barbecue tonight at Tina's party. It shall be fun. I haven't decided on clothing yet, but considering the fact it's very tropical at the moment, I'll prolly go with a black shell top and jeans. Oh well, not that important. I will, however, get very very smashed tonight in a very short time frame - I do, after all, have to get up really early tomorrow, my train leaves at 7:55am. Yeah. Considering I need to pack some leftover things in the morn, I should get up...early. Hm. Anyway. Looking forward to going home, another day with all that hair on my head and I shall freak. Not much more to say right now. Thanks to the thunderstorms, the scaffolding workers that were very noisy in the morn took off, and the painter's aren't there either. Sweet loneliness. More later. Gotta call my boy now. We have a phone date, sort of.

 So today was r-e-l-a-x-i-n-g. Nothing else. I did nothing of great importance. Woke up early, thinking for a second or so that my exam was still ahead of me, chatted to Linnie and Kitto and answered AAS. Met Ev online and talked to him for a short while, too. Started cleaning my flat, was annoyed by the evil painter guys, got my lovely new cheapo CD and went to the gym with Tina. Didn't get around to study in the afternoon, but that was ok, too. Cleaned the rest of my place, considering this is a small flat, there was a lot to do, really. But now it's all clean, and lovely, and nice smelling. I already know it'll be nice to come back home on Monday. And now this lovely relaxing day is already over. Watched the last episode of Buffy (season 4), which rocked. And am relieved, I won't have to suffer from withdrawal over the summer, we'll get re-runs. Yay! I missed out on so many Buffy episodes in the beginning, it'll be good to see them all (even though I read up on them lately anyway). Oh well. I feel good. All relaxed. All tired. All content. *sigh* yawn. bedtime. :)

 It's bloody hot. The Kid has arrived. I am hungry. My kitchen is cleaned. No deep thoughts for me today. Lovely. Oh how very lovely.

 I am still completely and utterly relaxed. A nice and warm feeling. *sigh* It should always be this way....

 Over. It's OVER! I am freeeeeeeeeee! (At least until tomorrow afternoon, when I need to get back on the work for my civil law paper.) It went reasonably well. Those were 3 hours in hell, but I think I did an ok job. Not brilliant, but reasonable. It made sense, and civil law doesn't always make sense. Am still all hyped up and having a lovely glass of wine to calm down a little. Phew. I survived this, and there wasn't a panic attack either! Tomorrow morning shall be spend law-less. Gotta clean this place (which is FILTHY at the mo) and get some stuff into the basement (I think the SPG are getting annoyed with the stuff still on my balcony). Then some waiting for my package from amazon.com. Working out around lunchtime with Tina, then back to work on paper. Buffy Season (season 4) Finale in the evening. Yay. The rest of the week shall be pleasurable and pass by quickly, too. Thursday, I shall work on the paper and work out. In the evening, Tina is holding her birthday bash to which I will be going with Michel. I will get completely smashed, I tell ya. Early Friday morning, I'll make my way home for the weekend. My dad actually invited me, the rents haven't seen me since Easter and apparently miss me. And I need a haircut and some clothes and someone to cook for me, so it shall be good, all in all. Looking forward to going home. Oh, all is good now. How nice, how nice.

 It's getting worse. My nervousness I mean. I just want it to be over, somehow. I hate this. I so hate this.

 urlLink the things I do a few hours before an exam

 I love Amazon. And the fact they tell you when they send your stuff out. All that anticipation! Knowing Kid A is somewhere on the way to me now! Lovely.

 6pm - 9pm Come and breathe a sigh of relief with me. Better an exam in the evening than in the middle of the day. I can handle this now. A whole day to review again. And to finally eat. I need some brekkie.

 Nervous. Still 45 minutes until I can find out time and place of the exam. Oy oy oy oy.

 bloggelbloggelblog

 Just like last week, now that I've worked every little muscle in my bod during BodyPump my brain tells me: sleep sleeeep sleeeeeeeep.......oh well. Had a good time at the gym, and yup, concentrating on my triceps for a while did make me a little more relaxed, even though I kept bitching to Tina. I hope she forgives me, it's really just because of the sucky exam tomorrow, and the paper. Went into Uni like half an hour ago, but still couldn't find out about the time and place for the exam. Duh. Gotta call in at 8am then. How annoying. Why don't they just post it on the net? Oh well. Anyway. Will just write a little mail to Ev, have a look at some learning stuff and then go to bed. Odd, what a quickly passing day today....and you wouldn't believe how warm it is at the mo: still 22C at 10pm. Perfect weather to sit out on the balcony and have some wine. Too bad no one is here to share it with me. Very sucky. More tomorrow. Let's hope the exam won't be until 4pm (which is what I expect, really).

 eeeeeeeeeeeep! I will faint now. I just made a good catch. - And don't you dare to tell me otherwise, please! I was randomly looking through amazon.com, getting a few things on my wishlist, when I stumbled over Radiohead's Kid A for 10 DM! Ten! (that's like 5$ US). Add to that postage & package, buying that CD totals at 15 DM, which is the cheapest, seriously. At Media Markt, the Kid is still about 30DM. So I ordered it and am all excited now. Weeh! The things CD shopping does to me. :) Happy. And even more excited now.

 Okay, Gym in an hour to get rid of that nervousness. It will feel good to turn my head off and concentrate on such odd things as my triceps (and managing the reps with the higher than usual weight on my barbell) and my shoulder muscles and my abs. Afterwards, i got to sprint into Uni to check when and where the exam will take place, evil me hasn't checked that yet, and the stuff isn't online either. Duh. Or I should go and continue urlLink writing about my first love (through urlLink Flytrappy and urlLink Shauny ), which I have done throughout the day during study breaks. Already 4 rocking pages long in Word, at 10pt Verdana. - And I am not even 3 weeks into the whole affair! No one will ever read the whole thing, I know it. :) I should offer it as a download. *lol* Anyway. Off to get my mind off law for a while.

 I'm so fucking nervous because of tomorrows exam, it's unbelievable. It's so bad, my insides are already cramping up. I hate this. I so hate this. Argh. Still not sure whether I should rid myself of that energy at the gym or whether I should use those 3 hours for studying.

 Always an odd moment to see on my sitemeter that someone I referred to came back through his ir her own stats site to see who referred. Very underground. Very spy-like. Funky, funky.

 The lines are getting blurry. The lines between Alaska, my online being, and "the real me" (Caro), to be exact. I've realised that my desire to call myself "Alaska" and to seperate her from "me" isn't really there anymore. I've lived online as Alaska for the past 18 months, and somehow, it's just not that important anymore. She's not fundamentally different from Caro, but she still is someone else. Even if it's just a different name. I think starting the blog had something to do with my change in opinion. At urlLink OpenDiary , I had to be *someone*. I had to have a name. More work was involved in a way. More explaining, whatever. And now it's starting to feel odd to keep "her" up. I don't feel the need to hide behind "Alaska" anymore. It doesn't seem like "me" anymore. Sort of. The blog is more direct (not just because you can post tiny little tidbits). Posting at Scarleteen and talking so much with Kitto and Lin and Heather probably has something to do with it, too. Danny called me "Alaska" in one of his replies to a post of mine yesterday, and that somehow felt odd and I noticed it for the first time. Have I outgrown her? Yes, behind Alaska is Caro; but there still is a difference. I read some of my old diary stuff, and that is Alaska, not "me". Geez, this sounds like I have a giant personality issue. Multiple Personality Disorder. *lol* Heather asked me what I'd like my site to be called at wantonhussy.com...and I really am not sure anymore whether I want it to be "/alaska". The folder is there (not that there is anything in there), but the more I think about it, the more I start to favour "/caro". Why pretend to be someone else online? This is getting pretty ridiculous, in a way. I could just as well be open about my online life and not seperate it from the real world so much. That doesn't mean I'll run around telling everyone, I just don't want to feel like I need to *change* and be different. My online life is all public yet still private in a way. Not many people know about my involvement with Scarleteen. Or my blogging or diary keeping. Ev knows about diary and blog and Scarleteen but never really reads it (I think). I don't know, really. He knows, but not which extend this has. Like how important the angels and Heather are to me. How much I enjoy the online stuff. How often I talk to everyone. This medium was very very odd for our relationship, simply because I write stuff thinking "if he wanted to know about it, he could read up on it" and hence keep stuff to "myself" and my diary/blog that I should tell him straight out. Not very clever, I know. Tina knows about it all and Silke knows about my involvement with Scarleteen. The people at ProFa know about Scarleteen, obviously, and that I am a sexpert there. But that's it, really. And keeping it that way felt right. It doesn't really anymore. Oh well. I just feel that the lines are getting blurry. I don't want this compartmentalisation anymore, somehow. I think the fact I told J. about the blog today when he asked about my site (something I had already pondered a few weeks ago but dismissed as too "personal") is a sign of that, too. I guess. It did (and still does) make me nervous to know he knows about this. I don't think I am so overly important or interesting that everyone is dying to know what is going on inside my head, but giving someone who knows me pretty well and who I've shared quite a few things with (like a few years of knowing each other -5 1/2 years to be exact-, a big bunch of MSN conversations over borders and continents and two beds, too), the relatively uncensored me is still...difficult. How many people know how much I really wanted to drive a car into a concrete wall last year? Or that I am seeing Dr.K? Giving people who know me IRL is....odd. The deep dark secrets of Caro. And while I don't want to hide behind being Alaska anymore, being completely open and letting everyone run into my mind isn't exactly comforting either. It's dead frightening to be exact. Somehow, I keep thinking that once someone sees the real me, they can't like me anymore anyway. I am only liked when I pretend to be whoever I am expected to be. In real life, until last year, I was always the bubbly, happy, smiling Caro. In fact, I still am, very often. It's easier. As Alaska, I could say that I was sad. Very sad. Depressed. Whatever. I still hid things as Alaska, but less so. I could talk about the meds that made me dizzy but that lowered my urge to jump off something. Ic oudl vent about Jen. About Ev. About everything. But now this just doesn't seem to do the trick anymore, saying this as Alaska. It's not Alaska, it's me. And me = Caro. I just want to feel "complete". Both on- and offline.

 Welcome. I really hope you can (still) handle this much of me, Herr S.

 Highlight of the day : Results of my urlLink footie tipping of the week: 6 out of 8. Which makes a total of 41. Which means for this round only I am #593 and competition wise on #2122. Better than in recent weeks. Not too shabs. But not too important, either. Apart from that, I just cried yet again. Yeah. All time high for recent weeks, too. And most definitely today's "lowlight".

 Oh, and yet another LDR couple. I really love/hate this show. Why can't we just do urlLink that thing again?

 Maybe I simply shouldn't be watching urlLink all you need is love . Again another long-distance couple on there (one every week). Looks like Jenny is still making people happy for a living, every bloody week. Makes me even sadder.

 So I am feeling not so great today. So very not great. I could scream or shout or whatever else. Or rather cry. That would be more likely. I really don't know what's wrong. But that's not true. Well, I do. I am angry with myself because I didn't talk about what angered me and because I now feel foolish and like the evil, always bitching girlfriend. So I said nothing. Not how much it hurt that he seriously mentioned that he'd choose time in Thailand over time over here with me. Nothing. We had such a crappy talk on the phone, I can't describe it. I feel so completely and utterly disconnected from him. He says he misses me. But does he? I have no idea. I don't feel it. I told him I'd be happy to ease the financial load once he's here, but he refused that. Why the hell? I want him here. I want a chance for our relationship. I can't come and meet him. So why can't I at least help out a little? (we're not talking tons of money here, just everyday expenses). Isn't there an us? I keep thinking: he is trying to keep this "casual" even though we passed "casual" ages ago. I am the last person who wants to whine about lack of commitment, but right now, I just want to *feel* that somehow, in some odd little way, I am important for him, that our relationship is important for him, that I *matter*. I feel so alone. But I feel so shitty for "demanding" attention. Or love. Or whatever. Like the distrusting, evil girlfriend. The one who always wants more and who doesn't think about what he sacrifices. Who doesn't get enough. Or whatever. I just want to feel held. Somehow. Cared for. I am not asking for constant spoiling. Or whatever. I don't *really* doubt that he loves me. I just don't get why he doesn't show it if he loves me. Or why he doesn't tell me in such a way that I *get* it. Or why he doesn't somehow lets me know that this, that this "us", is important for him. "...love is blindness i don't want to see won't you wrap the night around me take my heart love is blindness..." ~U2~

 urlLink Compose your Alaska postcard!

 So why does this make me sadder and lonelier instead of happy?

 Just like last week, Tina called to cancel the gym plans for this morn. But it's okay really. I won't be going either, I just didn't want to cancel on her. Thing is, studying and calling are more important today, really....so, well...I should get going, eh?

 Up early on a Sunday morn....chatting to urlLink Kitto right now...I should get going soon, get a shower and pack my bags for the gym. And then call the boy, probably, so that he knows I'll call again later. Hm. Sun shining, already very very warm. Lovely. How sucky that I can't waste time online (like yesterday). How very cool that I get to use a bit on wantonhussy.com. Heather rocks, really. Love you, gal. Fuck that exam on Tuesday. Argh. I so don't want it, I can't tell you. But I should just get my act together, I guess. Need it. No whining helps here. Oy. Anyway. So my day will be spend with gym, talking to boy, studying, watching "all you need is love" (a must for Sundays) and more studying. Oy. So unmotivated. Oy. Time to start the day.

 "FTPing 101" Online Tutorial Teachers: urlLink Chris Bridges ; and urlLink Heather urlLink Corinna We help you download an FTP program suitable for your platform, help you set up directories and take you step by step through the set up of the FTP program of your choice. After completing this class, you will be able to upload and download things all on your own. Duration: The course takes about 45 minutes and is administred via ICQ. Cost: Free. Thanks, Heather and Chris. You both rock.

 Final results: Essendon 18.14.122 Hawthorn 8.9.57 :) That means I already have 4 points out of 5 games already played this weekend. Good on me. My tipping has been so bad lately. Not that I am any serious about it. Just returned from lying on the scaffolding and it looks like SPF20 didn't do the job. Off to apply something calming and cooling to my tits. And have lunch. Huuuungry. *roar* (that was my stomach)

 Listening to the Hawthorn vs urlLink Essendon game online while answering things in AAS. Very odd, I know Ev is there, watching it at Colonial Stadium, 16.409 km away from here, probably ecstatic because Essedon is playing well (even though it's prolly boring considering they are leading so strongly). Would enjoy to be there, too. Essendon leads 11.9.75 to 4.4.28. Which of course rocks.

 Sidenote: And it's a damn good feeling to see blog*spot back up again. I missed it. Very very much.

 The flood of Porn only eMails into my mailbox continues.This really is the best eMail I've gotten in days: "BRITNEY SPEARS CUMSHOT MOVIE!" We searched the net for the hidden Britney Spears porn movie, and we found it! It was made before she became a famous singer. At that time she was only sixteen, but still good looking as you can see (and then follows a link to an .exe thingy) Does anyone ever react to porn eMails? Oh well. End my suffering, urlLink send me RealMail.

 Still no blogspot. Still no noteworthy eMails. Or calls for that matter. Am I getting angry and dissapointed? Yup. I should charge yesterday's session with Dr.K on him anyway. Am I really asking for too much here? Just that he thinks about *us* (not even *me*) for a minute before he makes these kind of statements? He doesn't seem to think for a second what some think sound & look like for me. But the problem is, he *does* think. Just not about me. Just like back in November. Which was a steady downward spiral. Anyway. Lovely sunny day out there. Tina will be here soonish to go to the laundromat and sit in the sun for a while. Time to go.

 urlLink ......our house.. urlLink ..in the middle of our street.. ( urlLink and now stalk me, please... )

 Wow. Wow. Wow. urlLink This is such an amazing project. When I grow up...I want to be as cool as urlLink Ethyl is at 73 : "Ethyl exemplifies one of the cardinal rules of being photographed in the nude: always make sure that your socks and lipstick match!"

 In case I came across as evil and mean and all-knowing: reading his urlLink complete account on the Kaycee thing , I am even more sorry for urlLink Randall . I thought about this some more...about what my "requirements" are until I "believe" and "trust" someone online, and being in his shoes, I would have believed her to be real, too. Seriously.

 Oh, and I want to get some decent eMails. The stuff I receive mostly feature subject lines like these "FREE! YOUNG GIRLS HAVING SEX WITH HORSES!" "TEENS SUCKING DOG DICK (bestiality)" "ALL YOUR FAVE CELEBS NEKKID!" (the text reads: "All these pictures are of Top quality. Click here before I will have to pull these pictures down due to all the celbrities asking me to." ) And those just don't do it. No one thinks about me. No email from Ev. urlLink *sob sob*

 Just went into ProFa, only to discover everyone's on holiday following yesterday's public holiday. Hm. I should have called Irmgard back, indeed. Anyway. Will be going in again in an hour to meet Sabine, she mentioend something about some texter guy coming in who could help with the website. Hm. Will see, will see. Am not overly motivated anyway. Hm. Slackass me. I need to do law. If all I can do today is call companies for donations for the men's party, I won't stay at the office for long. I can compile a list from home and am simply not at all interested in sitting in that office all one. Hm.

 urlLink If all else fails, I'd be glad to take over this guy's job. Hm. Personal massager to James Hird? Sounds fab to me. Now that urlLink Scott Lucas sports his new urlLink "fresh-out-of-jail" look , I need to direct my footie desires to another player. urlLink Hirdy is a good substitute, I reckon.

 urlLink Beware. urlLink Women bite.

 Blogspot is still down, and while I can't post (but not publish), I haven't felt the urge to say much over the past 24 hours. Not much has happened anyway, Gym, studying, the usual. Oh, and of course following this urlLink Kaycee thing . Geez. Am still impressed by the fact my first emotion was right. urlLink Rowena put it quite nicely: "Real life is about holes in your socks and running out of toilet paper, not about piggy backs up a hill to watch the sunset. Well, my life anyway. At least I know that I am a real person. And sometimes the internet can suck bigtime." And even if you have piggy backs up a hill to watch the sunset, you don't have them in time to document the event as your famous last words a day before you "die". I feel sorry for those who invested emotions into this made up thing (especially urlLink Randall ). I wish the person who caused this gets sued by the gal whose photos were used to give "Kaycee" a face, gets treated poorly by the people in the small town that she lives in and one day gets some decent psychiatric care. Or hey, Debbie, you could open up a self-help group with Gary, the idiot who still claims to be urlLink Lisa Jain Thompson ! Anyway. Today is Ascension day, and for the first time in years, I am not at the camp of the student exchange organisation I used to work for. Somehow makes me sad. This year, I really couldn't have gone (for money and time reasons). Hm. So today was spend quietly. Slept in (until like 8), no SPG today, and that's lovely. Put on my bikini, drenched myself in SPF 16 and spend some time lying on the scaffolding over my balcony (even more in sight for crossing planes, I swear, Flytrappy, they are lower than 1km, seriously. Could it be because I'm maybe 2 kms away from the airport?), reading Alan Gurganus' "Plays well with others, which is extremely well written. Such a fab, sad book. Even the opening thing alone, where Hartley goes to pick up the kiddie porn and dildoes from Robert's apartment (before his Iowa parents arrive to say goodbye to their dying son) is seriously one of the best scenes in a contemporary book that I have ever read. Basket over arm, I finally opened the broom closet. One broom tilted there, leaned on by a dingy mop. I had expected oh three dildoes, tops. I found about thirty. Thirty dildoes are a lot of dildoes. They were piled knee-high, like cordwood. Propped, bald, ridged, and spired. Set on end, they formed a little onion-domed Kremlin. Some used adjacent cleaning products as their splints. Clumped there, the dildo quorum appeared unionized yet disgruntled. -Like toys caught in the act of trying to become the Toy-maker. Here were Toys that'd crawled up off the floor, yeah, into an erect position, okay-but bad not evolved much beyond. Striving? yes. Brainy? - no. They seemed to sniff up towards me, weak-eyed rats startled by daylight. Their pointed ends -the business ends- considered my new scent. The dildoes resembles some half-familiar form of household toll (actually, I guess, they were). But their reiterated shape fell somewhere between a vacuum cleanser's "wand" and the fuselage of an old-timey batter-beating Mixmaster. They seemed hybridized with that lank, shameless, duck-faced go-between, The Plumber's Friend. I counted thirty-two, then quit. One was red and white and blue. Most showed that sickly pink shade combining chewed bubble gum with old eyeglasses' nose rests and ear hooks meant to simulate Caucasian skin tone. Others, browner, Latin or African, appeared tree-sized, ropey saplings. And all were lasciviously detailed: lariats of vein, cobra cowls that flared - fair warning. They gaped up at me like an open-mouthed choir of retarded children, looking heavenward. Some, I recognized, were actual casts from living porn stars; there was a Jeff Stryker, a monster, but somehow Roman in its genial fluted beauty. One such menaced proved double headed as he Russian imperial eagle. (the Dildoes later free themselves out of a Tiffany's shopping bag on the subway later and *attack* people on their way to work) Studied a little and watched the arrival of urlLink Bayern Mnchen in Munich. I hate them and couldn't care less about soccer, but seeing them win the Champions League late last night was still nice. I had actually already fallen asleep but woke up when I heard people outside screaming in excitement because of the shoot-out at the end. It is a well deserved win, after all. Anyway. Loveliest thing of the day was chatting with Heather on the phone for the first time. Has been ages since I moved to calling with someone I only know online (I think the last person was Lou, and that surely taught me a lesson *lol*) I knew her voice from Eyada.com, so that wasn't too new, but it still is a new dimension. And it was lovely. And very funny to hear Sofia in the background and all. This whole involvement with Scarleteen does make me happy, even though I keep bitching about stupid posters all the time. I enjoy it immesely. Have met so many awesome people through it, if only we could all just hang out together? Quelle bummer. In addition, if I were in the US, at least I already knew someone who could do some urlLink Nawa Shibari on/with me. Am so very curious about this, I can't tell you. I have to talk about this with Ev (from who I haven't heard since Tuesday, I think, hm). We have to talk about sex, hell, we should be HAVING sex. Hm. At least I offered. I really don't want to loose this connection to him. Hm. Discontent with this. Considering that I have a majority of rocking "love my body" - days at the moment. That's it for the mo, really. All's well. Apart from my motivation to do law. Nothing new, I know. :) Off to see what's up at the boards. (And I want to stop mixing up UBB code and HTML. Very sucky)

 urlLink What I will link to in reply to any shaving post coming up at the boards.

 Okay, I could say urlLink "I told you so" . But I won't. I never told anyone anyway (did not want to sound evil and all, some people I know seemed sad & moved about that person's "death") and so no one would believe it if I claim it now. There is a little file sitting on my computer with a little essay titled "compassion, online" on hoaxes, Lisa Jain Thompson and made up cancer death stories and whatever else, that i wrote at the end of last week and wanted to put online a little later because I was quite obviously referring to the person whose "death" had just been announced. And now I read that indeed this person wasn't real. Was never real. Never died. And I don't even feel angry one bit - I never believed it anyway. Am just sorry for those who believed. But come on, people, it all fit too damn well. It was way too obvious. No reason to be overly sad and ponder the evilness of the world. I think my lie-sensor is getting better.

 Something I learned today : Applying a body mask made of dead sea mud is dirty business, no matter how hard you try, and no matter how little of your body you actually cover in mud. Yes, this shouldn't be a surprise. I now smell a little salty and seaweedy, but my skin feels smooooooth. I think my thighs feel loved now. "Now do a good job at the gym tmorrow, my two dears, will you?" Lovely. How sad no one can worship my smooth, soft, salty, seaweedy and sexy bod now.

 urlLink It does taste like 1986.

 Tina just dropped by and took me out of my little cave into the world. Shopped a little for nothing in particulat. Went to the Candy shop and got those weird 1980's plastic shells with the red lickable filling. Haven't had one since ca. 1986. Hm, wonder whether this one will taste like 1986, too. :) SPG has finally turned off the machine that apparently used so much energy that my puter went wobbly. Pheew. This all is very annoying.

 In the words of urlLink Brianna : "May they get mauled by a dozen crazed weasels!"

 tired. tired. tired. tired. BodyPump rocked. But now my brain has turned itself off. Seriously. It keeps sending me..."go to bed go to bed go to bed go to bed" messages. I should better follow, I guess. Night-O. Off to dream of my boy, I hope.

 ...and now the painters have arrived, too.....duh. If they were at least....somehow attractive? Only good thing: the yucky brown shade things on my balcony will go. That's what the unpretty, dialect speaking (so bad that I couldn't really understand him) painter guy just told me. I tell you, these news are the highlight of my day.

 FUCK FUCK FUCK! They just built a platform RIGHT above my balcony. RIGHT ABOVE IT! I get NO sun whatsover on my bacony now, and I'll have to CRAWL under the thing so that I can water my plants. HOW SUCKY IS THAT???? AAAAAAAARGH!

 Well, I am now even more sure I could never go and joing something like Big Brother. Being watched sucks. Especially if it's two yucky, dialect speaking scaffolding men right on your balcony, about 5ft (max) away from your desk. Urgh.

 On to the law books today. Hm....haven't made up my mind whether I am motivated or not....oh well. I should simply start, eh? - Not until I had a shower, breakfast and a quick eMail to my boy, as lovely as the weather is, I bet the stupid painter guys (SPG) will be here shortly and stare into my flat. aaaaaaargh.

 The people at urlLink all you need is love got yet another girl her boyfriend from Australia today. *sob sob* I bet Jenny was responsible for them. Should eMail her. :) I want my boy, too. Bummer that those TV things only work once.

 Oh, and I officially suck at urlLink Footie tipping . Okay, this last round was difficult, but still. I fell from rank #2692 to #2776. 4 points this round. Bad. At least I was better then Ev who got three points this round :) *snicker*

 I am so bored that I am watching "7th heaven" in french. I am determined not to break my vow and get out the law books today, I just don't want to. Tis Sunday, after all, and no studying shall take place on Sundays. Hm, maybe I should simply answer the left over questions in AAS? Hm.

 urlLink Rudi has stopped believing in the footy god.

 Tina backed out of going to the gym this morn, so I had to go alone...which wasn't half as much fun. Being there alone is just a litte...boring. And I just don't like the typical "gym crowd" very much, even though it's kinda okay on Sunday mornings. Spent some time on the cross trainer and went to a "bodystyling" class by Julia, who is one of the nicest instructors at the gym I go to. Killed me, even though it is not a difficult class. Oh well. I have like no strength in my legs (but large muscles). Very sucky. Need more Pump classes, I guess. Anyway. Just had lunch, after a phone call with Ev (who wasn't in the best mood ever and tired and not looking forward to the stressful week that's coming up for him). Still good. But we really need to talk more I think. These past few weeks weren't the best we've had communication wise. We need more of that. I need to be better with eMails again. Hm. Maybe I will stop being so doubting again? Dunno. Tina still thinks I need to get that Jen stuff out of my head and discuss it with him (and so does Dr.K), but I really don't know...anyway. Off to enjoy the last bit of sun before my balcony is in the shade for the rest of the day.

 Sunday morning, sunny....lounged around in bed for a while and felt lovey... it's gonna be...a lovely day, a lovely day a lovely day lovely day..... Off to the gym now.

 Oh, and yes, the horrible thing happened: after they had started celebrating the win of the Championship in Schalke (they won against Unterhaching, and Hamburg had scored against Muich) the news came in from Munich that in the 93rd minute (yes, every usual soccer game has 90 minutes, this was overtime), Munich managed to score a goal and go 1:1 against Hamburg. And hence won for the championship for the third time in a row. urlLink The snobs won again. *sob*

 Bono is god. I just watched CNN's WorldBeat which had a special feature on U2, and geez, I thought I was over Bono. But I am not. It's ten years of being in lust with that man this year, and yes, he has lost some of his charisma, his blue eyes aren't as shiny as before, he has become the yucky rockstar he joked about 5 years ago, he has aged visibly and those violet glasses aren't exactly pretty, but there is something about this man that I can't resist. I confess it. Think of me whatever you want. Call me boring, average, whatever, but U2 is still in the top 3 of my fave bands. It's not just loyality or nostalgia. It's not just clinging to the past. Hearing Bono sing....well, yes, something as used up and often repeated as "One" or something as kitschy and clich as "Walk on"...it just does *something* to me. I know. I know. I know. At least I am not proud of it. :)

 I think I haven't mentioned it for a while: I love my boy. Very very much. I miss him. I long for him. I want him here (or be where he is for that matter). I didn't get even half as much Ev-time as I needed this past week, I want more of him. More relationship time (over this stupid distance). More of him. Just more. Am so glad he called me. I love my boy. Let's now return to our scheduled programme.

 Just worked off 700 kcal on the Cross Trainer. I feel lovely. that equals a whole block of choc! :)

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY, SAIGONSAM!

 urlLink "Rage of Consent" by urlLink Heather urlLink Corinna . (And you'll recognize me if you read it.)

 At the doctors office this morning : Right after having been given a harmless diagnosis for the yucky stuff on my pharynx (in my mind, I had made up lots of worst case scenarios already) by the nice doc sitting in for my usual ENT, I ask him: "So what do you think has caused this?" "Well, there are several reasons: it could be a low immune reaction, or this or this or this (sidenote: forgot it all already, I confess) , or it could have been caused by mechanical irritation." To which I died laughing. To which the nice doc blushed. And said something about dental procedures. But that really couldn't save the moment and omit the first thought I had. Oh, how I wish it *could* have been caused by "mechanical irritation". *smirk*

 urlLink The Dirty Little Secret about Rock's Teen Idols - What are The Backstreet Boys, N'Sync & Britney Spears really saying? -

 urlLink ROCK ON! "When I started listening to 'Christian rock' I slowly started to listen to just regular worldly rock (soft rock). Then I was listening to something harder and harder. It not only led me into worldly rock, but I was getting rebellious toward my parents, and I was having sensual and lustful thoughts. I also could not memorize or read God's Word and understand it or retain it. A Fifteen-Year-Old Student From Nebraska [...] "I would like to share a little testimony concerning my experience with 'Christian rock' music. I had listened to this music with my friends and at church social functions for several years before I got my own tape, recorded by a famous artist. "Buying that tape was the biggest mistake of my life. Under its influence, my moral convictions began to dissolve and I allowed myself to become involved in a relationship with a boy from my church, against my parents' wishes. "When we were together we listened to 'Christian' and 'soft rock' music. It was all sensuous and destroyed my inhibitions. I am so ashamed of what happened. "The music made me rebellious and pulled me away from my family. I thank God that I can say today that I have not listened to this harmful music for several months now and I feel a freedom I had not experienced before." A Seventeen-Year-Old Student from Texas (via urlLink Ev ) Off to listen to some rock. I want more sensual and lustful thougths. All sensuous and destroying inhibitions? Sounds lovely.

 Just got back from 7 hours at PP. It was surprisingly good - I did most stuff alone and Irmgard liked the designs I did. And I got lots of praise. Yeah. Among people who know nothing, me and my limited layout knowledge, we rule the world. When the poster was done, I helped Anne with some boring administrative work, but that was okay. She's pretty nice and we had a lovely chat. Annette joind us and she talked about techniques for counselling, and that was very interesting. Best thing was talking more with Susan, who's the head of SexEd. She rocks. Nope, not just because she had some nice words on urlLink ST , she showed me some cool things from her time working for PP in the US (back in the mid eighties) - including pics of picketing people in front of the clinic and her 1985 edition of "Our bodies, ourselves". Very cool. Anyway. Now I am tired. And hungry. And my fridge is empty. I should go and get some food.

 And could it please stop to rain? This doesn't help my mood.

 Do I care about soccer? Not really. The players aren't even half as yummy as the average urlLink AFL player (and I won't start talking about the especially yummy players - even though Scott Lucas has made the wrong decision in cutting off that nice shaggy hair. Just discovered that. Duh.). But tomorrow, I will care about Soccer. Please hope with me that urlLink Schalke 04 will win tomorrow, urlLink Munich will lose against the HSV and Schalke would hence win the championship. I so detest Bayern Munich. These snobs. So for the next 48 hours, I will do as urlLink Rudi Assauer does: urlLink "I'll believe in the football god."

 The more I think about it, the more I expect something "more than this" . In oh so many ways.

 Sidenote: May I add that today is a day when I wish I could rule the world and decide over everyone's fate? The ultimate god-like position. It would come in so handy. I'd make a few people happy. Everyone seems to need some happiness these days. (And on an egoistic & not really overly important footnote, I'd also make Jen fall in love with some nice guy and get over Ev. And find a way so that urlLink Flytrappy could have all his international mates - including me- over for his birthday bash on the weekend. It would sure be fun. And being the ruler of the universe, I'd bring enough beer for all of us, too. He said something so nicely, the other, day: "I'm not usually given to thoughts of Cosmic One-ness but last night as I laid me down to sleep something made me think of my online people all sleeping too, all around the world (nevermind that for certain of you it will have been broad daylight at the time) in Germany, in Oz, in the U.S. of A. It was kind of cool." I keep thinking about that sort of thing sometimes, too. About all these people all over the place that I care about - on the westcoast of the US; in the middle of it, in the south, in Canada, in Singapore, in Australia. Odd, how the world can be horribly large and very small at the same time.)

 I think I should just get back to bed and curl up again and sleep. State of my health: throat: sore; swallowing: painful; right ear: giving me the familiar feeling of a nice ear infection. Solution: ENT: tomorrow. 8am. Urgh. And could I please note that Irmgard from PP sure isn't someone I can/want to/long to get along with? (just as I thought after our first meeting last week) This is how you de-motivate volunteers - team them up with the bored, underworked intern who has no motivation herself and is shitty with PP because they can't employ her for real. Lovely. Oh, and shall I note that she will leave the project we're working on long before it happens. Lovely. *sigh* I still want a massage. And someone to cuddle up next to me. I want physical contact. Goodness, this day really sucks.

 The flyers and posters for Planned Parenthood are finally done. They aren't terribly creative and even I don't have a fave (even though I do prefer the one with Lucida Console & Jazzposter as fonts a little), but I guess they will serve the purpose and reach the target group (men 35 and up). I will just let Irmgard do the choosing. So that she can do that, my stupid eMail needs send the huge file out first though. 3 tries already and it doesn't look like the current try will work either, very sucky. I might end up sending them seperately. Very un-professional. Today isn't a day for being creative.

 I don't understand murder. At all. I can't grasp it. Doing Criminology and lots of criminal law at Uni hasn't helped but instead left me even more puzzled about it. How can someone dare to take another person's life? How do you decide that the way to solve your problems is ending someone elses's life? What does it feel like? What makes you do it? Can you actually grasp the dimension if what you do by killing someone? By robbing them of all they really have? Jayce, who's an advo at Scarleteen from NZ, has lost one of her dearest friends. Her body was found on Monday, and her boyfriend has been charged with her murder. I can't tell you how this makes me feel.So very very sad for Jayce. For her friend. For all her friends and family. How did her boyfriend (assuming it was him) decide she needed to be dead? How does someone do that? How CAN someone do that? How? How do you end a person's life? How can someone dare to play god? And I don't even want to start thinking about the "why".

 Antoine de Saint-Exupry "The little prince" "All men have the stars," he answered, "but they are not the same things for different people. For some, who are travellers, the stars are guides. For others they are no more than little lights in the sky. For others, who are scholars, they are problems. For my businessman they were wealth. But all these stars are silent. You-- you alone-- will have the stars as no one else has them--" "What are you trying to say?" "In one of the stars I shall be living. In one of them I shall be laughing. And so it will be as if all the stars were laughing, when you look at the sky at night... you-- only you-- will have stars that can laugh!" And he laughed again. "And when your sorrow is comforted (time soothes all sorrows) you will be content that you have known me. You will always be my friend. You will want to laugh with me. And you will sometimes open your window, so, for that pleasure... and your friends will be properly astonished to see you laughing as you look up at the sky! Then you will say to them, 'Yes, the stars always make me laugh!' And they will think you are crazy. It will be a very shabby trick that I shall have played on you..."

 I am not lying if I tell you that I did wake up early at this ungodly time because I was dying to find out whether this thing would be online again. Geez, this was more excitement last night then I wanted. The rating of my relationship with blogger as "even more abusive" (can't live with it/can't live without it) then my relationship with icq is taken back for the moment, even though I would love to see a week without probs (and I say that after 2 weeks here!). I still like the idea. And I know poor Ev is doing this all alone, so patience is good. Anyway. Off to chat to urlLink Kitto and make an early round on the boards. And sometime within the next three hours, I should mail the flyer to PP. Duh.

 Thank you urlLink Ev , yet again.

 *puzzled and starting to panic*

 bloggeloggelloggellog

 Why does it take my stupid puter 2 full hours to defragment the harddrive? Aargh. The flyer is still not done, and I'm meeting Tina in an hour for the gym....geeeez, my days need a few more hours, I think. Maybe less sleep would help? Even though I keep thinking 6 hours is the minimum already. Oh well.

 and yes, I hate being so needy & whiny & plain-old dumb & non-me.

 Tina dropped by at 12, just as I came back from the ATM. We had a lovely time, really. Went to urlLink Cheers for lunch (had a massive amount of dead turkey & fries) and for a little shopping spree afterwards. Very lovely. Finally bought some decent work out shoes. It really was about time, the ones I used until today were dead even before I joined the gym (i.e. 3 years ago) and were so worn out that they were dangerous. And they looked crappy, too. So I bought a pair of Reebok Rejuvenator Trainer DMX. Yup, expensive. Very expensive, actually (and not money that I really have). - But the only pair of training shoes that would actually fit and feel good (and that had enough cushioning for my not so little weight). They aren't the most beautiful pair of shoes, really (they seriously look like boots and kinda odd with bare legs - have been walking around with my sweat shorts and the new shoes in my flat this afternoon) but they are comfy and fit well, and that's the most important thing). Can't wait to work out tomorrow. Would have gone today, but I still am way too sore from Pump yesterday...oh, the pain, the pain, the pain. :) Tina went shoe shopping, too, and I found her some really pretty Paul Green shoes. Very pretty, I would have bought them, too. Even though town was packed and it was raining, we had a lovely time. It's fun to be in town with her, and we shopped successfully. Stared at the lovely see-through shirt by Kathleen Madden at Kaisers again. *sigh* Tis so lovely. *sigh* again. Came home a little after 3pm, went online for a little while and met Heather, who let me have yet another sneak preview, this time at her upcoming article on adult/minor relationships. And she quotes me (extensively, on the relationship with Frank - wonder what he would say if I told hime), which is, of course, fab, too. It's excellent, and has a bunch of very good arguments. Very simple & very stromg. I shall link to it as soon as it is online. Rushed off to see Dr.K then. Told him straight out that I was feeling "kinda ok" again and didn't really want to dissect the "kinda" again and end up feeling fragile and sad and crappy and lonely (like last week), mainly because I have the paper coming up tomorrow and all. So we had a relatively non-sad session, even though that doesn't mean it was any less "serious". So what did we talk about today? I told him about my blog and why I have been having some form of an online diary for almost 1 1/2 years now. I told him why some things from last week had made me so sad (I still find it very sad that I can't paint a future "dream" situation where I would be happy - such as Heather's "farm in mexico"-thing). I told him about the stuff I wrote yesterday. On Jen. And then we dissected that (well not her, the issue). I really would like to not care. I really would want to be able to hear her name and not freak. I really would want to not worry. But I can't. So we discussed that and ways how I can care less. And that was hard enough. Thing is, I am not angry at Jen. Do I have a reason to? Nope, I don't, really. I "won" after all. She never did anything to me. I am angry at Ev. Angry, because he doesn't treat her normally. Angry because it sends me "something is wrong here" vibes. Angry because he spends so much time thinking/worrying about her, and I have no idea whether he worries about me at all. And because being angry at Ev isn't good (in my head), I get angry with Jen. And you know what I think: given the choice, people always decide against me. And the fact he has decided in my favour for the past 18 months doesn't mean anything in my head, simply because I know there were times when he really didn't want this relationship. I know, I suck tonight, but I just can't help it, really. I want proof. No appearance on a white horse at my door, no ring, no big thing....just calls without TV/parents/family in the background. Caring. "I love you"s. Too much? Oh, and yes, some holding would be fine, too.

 Recommended reading by Dr.K. if ~rudyard kipling~

 urlLink New shoes! :) Yay! I shall work out even more now.

 What a pleasure to finally feel all those muscles I has forgotten about again.....I've been such a lazy bum lately....so the pain I feel now, after completing my first BodyPump class in ages is surely well deserved. It was LOVELY. It's so odd how well my body remembers all those movements, and the correct posture from hundreds of hours of working with the barbell (seriously!) back in 1998, when I went on my first "Alaska Improvement" Mission over the summer (while my then partner was away in Brasil) and came out skinny and muscular and pretty and fit (even though my first serious bout of depression quickly got rid of all that success again). Very odd, I really had a massive success that summer. I want that back. Going to the Gym is weird though. It sure makes me feel good (afterwards), but it isn't terribly good for my self-esteem, it's not the communal showers (I really don't mind these at all) - I just don't like to watch myself in the mirror all the time. I hate full body mirrors. No matter how much I love myself most of the time, there is nothing in the world that helps me love these legs of mine that don't want to become the way I want to have them. Maybe liposcution and not eating for a few years would help, but those aren't options anyway. Even at my skinniest, my legs were still this way. We have a ten year love-hate relationship, my legs and me, even though ten years ago (looking back on it) those were damn fine legs. Oh well. I feel guilty at the Gym, too. Simply because I see all those people who were there when I started, and because I had this massive fall out last year (and these past few months, too) and lost the glorious shape I was in and basically have to start anew, which just sucks. *sigh* I should really just keep going there, no matter what. No guilt, no mirror, no anything should kepe me away from there. I need working out, it lifts my mood, it's important for my health, it helps me feel good, it helps my legs to maybe at least change a little to what I want them to look like. Anyway. I feel pleasantly sore. You know, this slightly warm, achy feeling in your muscles. Very nice. More sports tomorrow. What else....still haven't started the stupid flyer yet. MUST do that now. Talked to urlLink Kitten and urlLink Linnie this morning, which was fab. Missed Kitten so much, she just returned form her love & orgasm filled weekend with her boy. Am so very happy for her, I can't tell you. Linnie is bored to death at her work, which makes me a little sad. She would ahve so enjoyed the editorial spot, and now she's stuck with non-challenging data entry bullshit. 7 weeks to go, sweetie, you can do it. Finally got a note re: the painters. I almost freaked yesterday, seriously. It will take 3 to 4 WEEKS until they are done. 4 WEEKS! We are supposed to clean our balconies immediately, but I won't do that until they are basically standing on my balcony, asking me to do so. No topless sun bathing during the week. What annoys me more than the fact they will be painting the house (will be nicer without the fire damage/I will hopefully finally get rid of the horrible brown balcony colour) is the fact there will be scaffolding for that time. i.e. no open windows or doors when I am not home or at night (which is the only way to survive the warm weather round here. I always thought living on the 2nd floor was kinda safe, but with scaffolding and ladders leading right to your balcony...not really. Off to start the flyer work. Tina will be here soonish (for a lunch break) and I should really get to the ATM beforehand to get some money. Duh. Later a session with Dr.K, and I am slightly scared I might have yet another break down today. More on that later. Just have this odd feeling. blergh.

 For some odd reason, this little fact bit I read in Simon Garfield's "Britain in the Time of AIDS" really (yucky word alarm) "touches" me: During "The Party", a Safer Sex show at Wembley Arena back in April 1987, urlLink Elton John (who I really don't like very much, even though I admire the fact his urlLink AIDS Foundation has distributed over 20 million US$ between 1992 and 1999 to AIDS research & patient care worldwide) sang "Will you still love me tomorrow". And somehow this just says a lot about what it was like with AIDS in the 80's. And it somehow makes me sad. Very very sad. will you still love me tomorrow? ~the shirelles~ (1961) tonight you're mine completely you give your love so sweetly tonight the light of love is in your eyes but will you love me tomorrow? is this a lasting treasure or just a moment's pleasure? can i believe the magic of your sighs? will you still love me tomorrow? tonight with words unspoken you say that i'm the only one but will my heart be broken when the night meets the morning sun? i'd like to know that your love is love i can be sure of so tell me now, and i won't ask again will you still love me tomorrow? will you still love me tomorrow?

 oooh, blogger is finally back on (or so I hope). Geez, this was frustrating, very frustrating. I started playing a little with the template on Saturday afternoon, just at the exact same time things started going wrong at blogger, and for a while I couldn't identify whether it was me, the slight playing with the template, blogger or whatever else. Quite relieving to read I wasn't the only one who got the super annoying "error 210". Anyway, I hope things are up and running again. I missed my blog. Anyway. Quite odd that the weekend is already over. It passed way too quickly, and I could very well do with another day of doing zilch (not that I will do loads today anyway). The new paper in civil law will be handed out tomorrow, and the honeymoon will be over then, definitely. Have a few things to do today.....should get the flyer for Planned Parenthood done until some time this afternoon (just so that it is out of the way), I really couldn't be bothered yesterday, just wasn't in the mood, the weather was too nice and I just didn't feel like doing any creative work (not that I feel ultra creative now). It was a nice weekend, overall, if you substract that psychobitch bullshit. Spend Saturday enjoying my balcony and the sun. Silke came over Saturday night, we (or rather I) cooked, watched the finale of urlLink BigBrother , where the third participant from the former GDR won (and not Wulf, who I had supported), alternating with the urlLink Eurovision Song Contest from Copenhagen, which wasn't half as good as in the last few years. Estonia won, with a song that was simply very very bad. But then all songs as the ESC are usually bad, so.... well, what did I expect? At least I am happy for Estonia. German participant urlLink Michelle came in on as #8 with her song urlLink "wer liebe lebt" , and that was not too shabs, I guess (even though the song sucked just as much as all other songs and I guess most votes that she got came from people admiring her breast job). More than half the fun of watching the ESC is to bitch about the shabby songs from Malta/Lithuania/wherever else, there really weren't any good things there this year, so lots to bitch about. Silke was as "odd" as usual. I really have no idea why she is so difficult to have around. She never relaxes and is worse at wanting to keep an appearance up then me. And that really means something, I guess. Oh well. It still was kinda nice. She's just sooo complicated and too little fun to have around. Sunday was lovely. Simply very very lovely, hot and sunny. I woke up at 8 (a lot later than all last week), and sort of straight away went out to the balcony. Drenched myself in SPF 20, put on my bikini, and sat in the sun and read. Quite lovely. Figured out that I can lie topless on my balcony, if I make a point of lying nicely cushioned on the floor (and not in my balcony chairs) and just enjoyed feeling the sun on my body. :) yay. Started to wonder, after a while though, whether you can still look into my blacony from up above, there simply are tons of little planes flying flying pretty low right over here (and onto the little Uni airport). hm. Flytrappy, your opinion? Being completely protected from view or not, it felt lovely. Sun on skin is great. Felt all warm and nice and great. Sitting in the sun, I called Ev, who told me more about calling Psychobitch and the party on Saturday. I made a point out of not asking about it, I really simply didn't want to ask because I knew I would get all angry. They talked twice, apparently, and she called him and they talked for 1 1/2 hours. How very sucky. I just hate her. I hate her. I hate her. I hate her. I hate her. Urgh. I don't want her in his life. Not at all. I am in no position to tell him what to do, and I feel really bad for wanting to do just that. Ev thinks talking to her was necessary so that she wouldn't make a scene at the party, but I keep thinking she wouldn't have dared to do that anyway. Everyone thinks she's being completely ridiculous these days. Fuck, they split up 1 1/2 years ago, she should really grow up, get a life and get lost, and stop acting all hurt and betrayed and what the hell. The whole bullshit she pulled back when I was in Oz lasty ear and even more so when Ev came over this year was so completely and utterly ridiculous that no one takes her serious in regards to Ev these days. Fuck, she is the EX, she has no fucking point anymore. She hasn't had a point in 18 months. She should simply get lost. And never ever show up again. I don't get why Ev still thinks he has to look after her and worry about her. Really. He has no duties towards her, he should simply greet her and pass her by and not try to avoid her, and it would all be well. As much as I liked his recent avoiding of her, it really is ridiculous on closer preception. Does he have a reason to limit his life because she hasn't gotten the point yet? I really don't think so. Argh. I hate her so much. Fuck off, Jen, just fuck off and leave us alone. Ev said psychobitch thinks his health problems were caused by all the stress (with our relationship, because of her stupid ultimatums, I might add) he had last year. Quelle surprise. I said that all last year, too, but apparently, this wasn't registered. Who caused the stress and the guilt and whatnot back then? Yup, Psychobitch. Congratulations, girl. And be proud, you also played a not too little part in my depression. I shall repeat it again, I guess: FUCK OFF. Just FUCK OFF and leave us alone. It was all well while you were away, while you didn't call, while you were off the scene - and I won't fucking let you change that. You don't deserve all the thoughts I wasted on you. You don't deserve all the worries Ev had about you. He always worried way too much about you, you made him feel guilty for something quite sad yet very normal (falling out of love with someone and in love with someone else again) and as shabby as you treated him and me and as fuckingly stupid the things were that you demanded - you never deserved one ounce of all the attention we gave you. FUCK OFF, Jen. JUST FUCK OFF. You'd make two people very happy, instantly. Aaaargh. I hate her. I hate her in his life. I hate her calling him. I just hate her. And even though he assured me this was all necessary so that he can worry about her less, I keep expecting this to be the start of it all again. I just can't and don't want to go through the trouble we had with her last year ever again. Never ever. I have enough problems with my self-esteem and self-value and feeling loved without her messing around in his life. I seriously could not handle it again. I just couldn't. Yup, I got slightly agitated while on the phone. Ev tried his best, but to me, she's what the red cloth is for the torro. I hate her. I go blind with anger whe she appaeares on the scene. Last year, I pretended for such a long time that I was okay with her being around, even though I wasn't. I won't ever do that again;that almost brought this relationship to an end. I will never ever happen let that again. *sigh* On a nicer less-psychobitch related note, I miss him. I want him here. I want safety and feeling loved and not worrying about her. I know she can't "steal" or "take him away" from me. If I thought she could, it would mean that I'd regard Ev as a willingless "thing", which he simply isn't. I should be able to rest and be calm and not get angry at her being around and trust in Ev and our relationship, but I can't, and that makes me feel foolish and childish and dumb. I want peace of mind. But where can you get that? Can you buy it in cans? In any way, yesterday was still nice, even though the phone call was far from nice/long enough/raunchy/really re-assuring. I just don't want to feel disconnected from him, and that's jsut waht always started when he and psychobitch started communicating about their "relationship" again. Uhm, the rest of the day, yes: Spent a big chunk of the afternoon (when the sun had dissapeared from my balcony and I had maxed out my SPF) in front of the puter, chatting with lovely Mary and equally lovely Beppie (who I will probably end up meeting this winter), which was very nice. Had a very late lunch/early dinner. Watched the first episode of the summer season of urlLink all you need is love . They still aren't using urlLink us in any TV spots though :), quite sad *lol*. They do have an ad though with the LDR couple that came a week later... Seeing Kai, the mod, and hearing the music and seeing the studio was a little much, really. Could have cried throughout the show, really, simply because I wanted to be there again, because of "been there, done that", because it was kitschy and romantic and because it was so cool that they got Ev for me and we had the best time of our life and saved our relationship. Should really eMail Jenny, who was responsible for our entire thing, again. *sigh* Well, what else? Of course I talked to my mom, who only got her mothers day pack today, because my dad hadn't picked it up at the post office on Saturday. Spend the rest of the day doing this and that, fiddling with online stuff, jamming together a few photos for a urlLink stupid little gallery site at msn, talking to Heather, who let me have a sneak preview at the upcoming gallery with photos by urlLink Geoff Cordner (who rocks, very much so) for the upcoming body image issue at urlLink SL and doing this and that. Checked my urlLink footie tipping , too, and even though I had glorious 6 (SIX!!!) points this round (out of 8) and was only 1 point away from the actual goal difference in the tie breaker game, I fell on the competition ladder from #2370 to #2692! I was #1923 in this round...how come I got worse competition wide? Sucky. Oh well. I won't win the trip with the team anyway now, *lol*. Logged off at 11 or so and went straight to bed. I really don't know, I was very tired from not doing much but lying in the sun. Cancelling the gym plans with Tina (who was very hang-overed all day) yesterday was the best decision ever, it was way to warm. Will be better to go sometime today for a BodyPump lesson. Dreamt odd stuff about computers (with strong sexual undertones) last night and woke up freezing in the middle of the night. Still too cold to sleep in the nude and with thin sheets these days. So right now, the sky is overcast. It's a freezing 17C. There is a post left in AAS that I don't get for slang reasons. I am annoyed by the sucking up behaviour of a poster at ST (sucking up should be a reason for instant removal frm the boards). I need to get started on the flyer for Planned Parenthood. I want my archives fixed. I want lunch soon, but have very little adequate food here. Hm. Anyway. Time to get creative. More soonish. Let's just hope blogger stays alive & responsive. If I now get an error 210, I'll throw a fit. Footnote: And in case anyone knows how to fix the blogger archives...could you jump in and urlLink help ? I have no idea what is wrong and why I don't get them. Looked it up in the help section, acted accordingly, there are no settings I can change now, and the HTML should be correct, too. I bet it really is just a tiny little thing not worth being posted in the help area, so if anyone knows how to help, please do so.

 Thanks, urlLink Ev from urlLink blogger . You must have worked very very hard this weekend, just to help all us blog addicts. Thanks, boy. Why don't you urlLink thank him, too , I bet he could use some cheering up.

 Sorry, I forgot to confess: Yes, this is jealousy.

 I am childish. And controlling. And distrusting. And fucking scared. Ev called Psychobitch today and went to that party where she was, too, and the mere fact that he has called her could make me walk up the walls..but that isn't true. It makes me sad. And insecure. I'd rather hide somewhere instead of walking up walls. I don't know. I am just so scared that the whole bullshit will start again. That this one stupid call (which I think he shouldn't have made in the first place) has sparked some new hope in Psychobitch's head and that she will start wanting to see him again. I should trust him in making the right decision, but I just can't. I really can't; I simply never got the motivations behind all the bullshit of last year, the avoiding certain parts of Melbourne because of her, my not-meeting his friends because of her, and what the hell. I don't want her around him. I just don't. I can't stand the thought of her around him, even though I know it would me even more childish then I already am to ask him not to see her anymore. I have no right to control his life, after all. And I really don't *want* to control his life. I want to trust him, but it really doesn't work in respect to her. The last few months were so calm. Not just because she wasn't there, she's not *that* important, after all, but simply because things were...stable. Okay. Clear. Defined. The fact that he called her just shows that things between them aren't normal yet, if they were, he would have just gone to the party and have given a shit. Really. If she wanted to pull a scene, it would have been her fault, why worry then? All his friends finally think she's overreacting very much in regards to Ev. So why does he even care? I don't get it. The same old fuck has started again. Hooray. One completely fine day for me would have been too much, I assume.

 Lovely weather, hot, sunny, bright blue skies. Went to the market and bought healthy food. Wore shorts and let my poor white legs see some sun (protected by SPF 20 though). Planted plants on my balcony. Did my ironing on my balcony (singing along to Dave Matthes, the Red Hot Chilli Peppers & Alex Lloyd), wearing a bikini top and shorts. What a bummer the painter guys aren't there today. I feel great today. :)

 oooooh!!! Looking at my new found addiction, my urlLink sitemeter , I only realised today that lovely I got a new sidebar spot outside the little ST blog circle. Thanks, urlLink Shauny ! Speaking of Shauny: urlLink JOIN THE MOVEMENT! . BRA-BOW CUTTERS OF THE WORLD UNITE!

 urlLink Gals - Too busy for your monthly breast self exam?

 The sun is shining into my room, and it looks like this will be a lovely day. Have been awake for ages, chatting to urlLink Kitto who's on her way to her boy in a few hours, reading blogs and checking the boards, and I am in a lovely mood. My boy just came online, and he's telling me about the first baby he helped deliver. Nice to see him. I missed him this week. A lot, actually. *sigh* But it's okay, he's a busy boy. And a lucky boy, too, not only delivering babies and seeing lots of happy non-sick people at the hospital, but also going to see the Dandy Warhols tonight. I wish I could go with him. That would be such a normal-regular-relationship thing. *sigh* I want boredom and normality in my relationship, too. Anyway. No time to whine. I should rather keep talking to my boy and get ready soon and go and sit in the sun on my balcony and catch some tan and mood lifting energy. This day shouldn't be too shabs, I think.

 Better. Feeling a lot better. I don't know, yesterday just sucked very much, and I really didn't feel like documenting it. The only highlight (apart from the awesome idea Flytrappy had in regards to cheering up, haven't put it into action though) was Tina coming by and being nice to me. Silke came over yesterday evening, and we had a light dinner and played "Who wants to be a millionaire?" on the puter (and I managed to get to a million and winning, too). Today started very sucky. I had big time cramps, was moody (I am convinced now my mood changes aer influenced by moon and cycle) and whatnot and felt like staying in bed all day, but Tina came over, dragged me to the Gym and that made all the difference, really. I basically spend the morning in bed. The 45 minutes on the cross trainer weren't exactly nice, not just because I have like no cardio stamina at all anymore (very dumb, I should know better and look after my health better, after all I am at a major risk for heart disease and diabetes), but also because the lovely warm weather gave me a killer headache. Tina and I did a bunch of crunches to finish off, and afterwards, once we were in the shower, I felt heavenly. I need to work out more. Really. Not only good for my bum, but also for my mind, I guess. Afterwards, Tina and I went grocery shopping, before she headed to Uni and I headed back home, where I first of all had a lovely nap. Yay. That made the day even better. In addition, Mom sent me a cool pack today - two books (one O'Reilly one on HTML - short & sweet -now I want "Web-Design in a Nutshell" , and one on law and studying that I had asked for) and some yummy gummybears. Very lovely. I felt loved. Very nice. Left the puter off for a big chunck of the day, and that was prolly good, too. Well, so today is better than yesterday. Wasn't that difficult to begin with, but still. No news from my boy, but that's ok. I bet he's very busy at the hopsital, am dying to know how seeing babies being born was for him. Miss him. Am a little worried as to whether he has indeed called Psychobitch, and am....uhm...cautious....as to what I think about the fact that he will meet her at that party tomorrow. I just hate dislike her so much, I can't tell you. She sucks. So much. I firmly believe that psychobitch would do anything. I believe one call by Ev could give her a start into being dramaqueen again and making trouble, even though he assures me she is no thread. I really really try to trust him. But when I told him that on Sunday, he just said that I tried that last year and that that didn't help much. Fuck, this is just my controlling self talking here. Excuse it, please. Don't have much more to say. Am better. And that's good. And Flytrappy, yup, I'd bring dessert. What kind of dessert would you want?

 Tired and fragile. Killer session with Dr.K, and I guess I need to do some more thinking now. But not before that crying is done. Urgh. I need someone to hold me now.

 Am tired.....tired...tired...tired......from doing not much. Very odd. Spent two hours at Planned Parenthood this afternoon discussing my work schedule and what I should start with and having a first look at the stuff for the website. Having people who don't use the net design a website is complete and utter bullshit. The basic idea isn't too bad, and as I said, the material and data is all there, it just the main concept that simply isn't exactly online-compatible or whatever. Hm. Anyway, this should still be fun. Showed off ST, and as a contrast to the poorly organised german PP website, it looked even more stunning than it looks anyway. Met Irmgard, who I will be working with in regards to the autumn celebrations. First impression: hm. Don't know whether we will be on the same wavelenght. I will only do some layout and flyers and posters, so I guess I will be able to keep contact to a miniumum if necessary. Will be working Friday mornings from now on, prolly from 10am to 3pm or so, and that suits me very well. Well, no matter what, I bet it will be interesting, and the social contact will be good, just as the skills I'll be learning. Anyway. Don't have much to tell really, I'm all headachy and tired yet still a little lustful. Finally read Hanne's latest story ("Visiting Julia") at urlLink SL , very nice. Watched a beautiful, kitschy TV movie tonight, urlLink "Sophie - Sissi's little sister" , on the life and love of the sister of Elisabeth, Empress of Austria. Very kitschy. It did, however - I swear- have the the hottest, raunchiest sex scenes I have ever seen on normal TV before midnight. The director had a slight fascination with the well proportioned ass of the male lead. Yay! Not too shabs, really. His face lacked a few things, and Tina and I both felt that something was odd about his ears (and his accent) but he was urlLink still good enough to look at . But that very pretty ass sure helped. That's how I like wanna-be-history TV movies. Plus I really think I need a corset now. Hm. So what else... Checked my urlLink Essendon Footie tipping for the week, and while I only had 5 points this round, I climbed up the competition ladder and am now on #2370, yay. 25 out of 40 points is still pretty embarrassing, but hey, I can't even watch the games and have to depend on the net completely. I think urlLink Internet time doesn't get enough attention. I like the idea. And the fact that Biel, Switzerland, is the meridian for @time, is just cute, even though it shows that the Swiss sometimes have a little attitute prob. Enough random things...guess I should simply head to bed now, I bet the nasty painters will start working and looking into my flat way too early. Urgh.

 urlLink Moi, today.

 urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink

 I have the best boy in the world. I swear. His birthday pressie arrived in the mail today: urlLink Something for Kate's new album, "Echolalia". In the limited edition with the multimedia special. urlLink AUTOGRAPHED! *sigh* Oh, my boy is such a genius. Seriously. :) And he knows what it takes to make me happy. *sigh* I wish I could be in Port Douglas now with him. We'd be having fun in the sun (drenched in SPF30), on the beach, getting sand in place where sand shouldn't go. *sigh* He so rocks.

 ...and as unbelievable as it is, yesterday, a meagre 5 days since the party, Johannes called Britta, leaving a message on her answering machine that she should call him (not that he left his number). Good trick, actually. *lol* I should remember that.

 After a hectic morning and noon at ProFa, I made a lovely little trip to Ikea, and am now the proud owner of plastis, solljus, slm, ngs, solljus and something whose name escapes me at the moment. Oh, how I love Ikea. The colours. The illusion that life can be colourful and tidy. The illusion of being unique. The cute little model flats that have swedish books on the shelves. *sigh* I grew up with Ikea and have loved it ever since. Even though my rents never let me play in the colourful playland that had that ball pool, going to Ikea was always an event. At the least, I would nick a few of these blue and yellow pencils that you get so that you can jot down where you find the product of your choice in the warehouse. I always hoped I'd get that green snake that is still in their program. I never did. But it was still fun, every time, looking at things I thought were dead cool. I remember buying my first sofa there, back when Fabian moved out of his big room and into the basement. A lovely sofa, that is still in my old room. I bought it because my friend Jane had it; I slept on it for the time our exchange student Mary was there, I had tons of sex on it (that thing saw a fair share of occupants, actually), I still love it to shreds. Most of my furniture here at my flat and actually an incredible amount of stuff that I own is from there and had cute little swedish names when I first met the. My desk (self assembled), my lamp, the magnet noteboard, my shelves, my closet, my chest of drawers, my sheets, my carpet, my table, my extra chairs, my glasses, my cuttlery, my plates. Almost everything, indeed. My bed isn't from there, though, the only bigger piece of furniture bought somewhere else, even though it fits perfectly into the Ikea scheme. So I went to Ikea today. I made my way through there this afternoon, the place was as empty as I've never seen it before, and everyone seemed relaxed and happy being surrounded by Ivar, Billy and Biallit. Apart from me, most customers where young couples with young kids trying out sofas and being happy, pregnant women with non-pregnant friends shopping for baby furniture, french women buying plants, young couples, with compulsory bod mod shopping for closets. So I walked through there, at first avoiding to use a yellow bag, because once I have that yellow bag over my shoulder, everything I want goes in there. I stared longingly at yellow and orange rubber CD holders that would look so much better than the boring black ones I have now (Ikea would be replaced by better, newer, more colourful Ikea). I stared longingly at some sheets. I stared longingly at some kitchen stuff. Once I had made my way through the exhibition part, I had to get a bag though. First thing that went in there was "plastis" a pair of 1.90DM plastic gloves in red and orange with cute little decoration. I resisted a yellow plastis washing up brush that looked like a snake. Next one to join plastis in the yellow bag were two solljus sets, both made of adorable plastic in yellow, red, pink and orange, adorable 1950's weave. *sigh* Both just 3DM each. I fought with myself to not purchase any replacements for my Rondo plates, just not that important at the moment. Stared at the vase whose name I have forgotten. Put it up, put it down, put it up, put it down. went off. Looked at things that didn't tempt me at all (lamps). Stared at some cute computer accessories. Resisted. Stared at picture frames. (and resisted). And then came to the outdoor/gardening section, which was the real reason why I came. Looked at sunshades...and while the one I had wanted was only there in an icky shade of baby blue, I chose slm, which sure has an odd colour combo (very 50ish blue, yellow, green, orange with white - look okay on my balcony though). And it was the cheapest, too - 19DM. Who's to complain there? And then I saw the solljus kite bag. Fabian has it. It's orange and yellow and red and pink (do you seen a pattern here?) and 1,20m long and lovely. And I looked at it. And looked at it. And decided that I wanted it. And that 10Dm sure was okay for something that serves no purpose other than being decorative. Now that I had slm, I needed something to hold slm in place. On the scene for ngs. Made of plastic and concrete, weighing about 20kg, 25DM. I thought, hey, I can get that home somehow. Standing at the checkout, I saw the 3DM vase I had resisted earlier again and decided that I needed it after all. - What if Evan's birthday flowers did in fact arrive after all? *sigh* The pleasure of buying at Ikea. You know if you've resisted once on your way through the store, doesn't mean it's over yet. They have whatever you want right at the checkout again, those clever swedes. I did make my way home somehow, too, ngs in a hastily bought blue Ikea bag. Arrived all high on purchases and lack of food. Assembled my sunshade. Put up my solljum kite bag that is swinging in the breeze happily. Washed the 3DM vase without a name. And feel damn good. Can't wait to get up tomorrow, open my sunshade and sit in the shade and feel good. About buying cheapo things that make me feel at home at my home and that bring colour into my everyday life. Oh, Ikea makes me happy. Very very happy. *sigh*

 urlLink Now these are news that made me cheer. Yup, it was blackmail to trade him for financial support, but well, it was necessary. Quite simple, eh? It'll be the first time a head of state will be held responsible. I can't tell you how much I support the War Crimes Tribunal. Excellent. Sometimes things do work out as they should.

 ...now if only urlLink Citizen X would let me sign up. *sigh*....yawn. Plus I have realised I look very young & tired on the webcam. *sigh* Off for a session with Dr.K now, all tired & cranky & edgy.

 I love my new Logitech QuickCam. :) Lovey-dovey.

 The flowers that never arrived where roses. *sob sob*

 Just came home from ProFa, rather drained. *sigh* This was a stressful morning, for no apparent reason. Was very edgy during the team meeting. Not very professional, I know. In addition, after the little bit of rain this morning, the heat has returned and I am totally groggy. *sigh* Anyway, should eat something and scan the piccies I got from the photo shop today - me, on the scaffolding, only partly clothed. Ev should like them, they turned out surprisingly nice, while some others were so freakishly ugly that I had to destroy them straight away.

 urlLink The Alphaversion of my first ever website is done. Woohoo. It's for Profa. And you need to imagine it in the nightmarish frames of urlLink this thing here (that I won't call a website because it is so poorly designed and has the worst navigation you can imagine - that's why no navigation is included in my thing), substituting urlLink everything with the white background .

 urlLink Echolalia by urlLink Something for Kate went on sale yesterday. And I want it. Now. I want the limited edition with the limited multimedia component. *sob sob* *pleading look* "hm....Ev?! .....maybe? just maybe you've already got it for me, who knows." :)

 That thing on my right thigh is 6,5 by 6 cm. Colourscheme from outside to inside (and I am not exaggerating here): turquoise - dark blue - violet - pink - red - yellow I have a rainbow on my leg. Ouch.

 I just read and looked at the funniest thing I have seen in ages. Seriously. If you are over the age needed in your area to watch smut, check out urlLink "Lurid Digs" at nightcharm.com . Hilarious. Absolutely hilarious.

 urlLink This looks better, me thinks. Just downloaded a 30day version of Adobe GoLive, which took a meagre 3 hours. *sigh* Now I only need to learn how to use that thing. If I don't get my site up in 30 days, I sure will never. So better now, I reckon.

 urlLink Getting better and better. I so can not relate to the bullshit that "Risotto" poster is saying there. Very entertaining though. Good to hear urlLink Geoff Cordner finds it entertaining, too. And urlLink Heather shares her thoughts , too.

 Call me the queen of bruises. I ran into the corner of my desk and now there is this bumped up, huge dark bruise on my right thigh. Current bruise count : Left leg: 2 Right leg: 4 Right arm: 1 (fading) Left arm: 2 + scratched elbow I'm like a toddler who's just learning to walk, really. I should seriously think about kiddie-proofing my flat, as often as I run into my desk and door knobs. Ick. And that just when I try to wear as little as possible. Ick.

 Ev explained the cryptic icq message he send yesterday: He ordered some flowers for me and wondered whether they had arrived. They obviously haven't. :( I love my boy. Stupid flower people though. *sigh*

 Oh, I slept enough and am not tired anymore. *sigh* very lovely. However, my right shoulder is still cramped up and I got these massive bruises all over me (added one from yet another encounter with my balcony door knob to my right arm). Ick. I look like I either have an abusive partner or am into some serious SM that leaves marks. Anyway. Waiting for my shower water to warm up, then off to the puter shop to look for cams, then on to coding. Sounds exciting, eh? Hmph, not really. But the sun is shining quite lovely, I should go and take my Web design book outside and sit in the sun and enjoy. Oh, sweet life, sweet life. How shitty that I need to do some law today, too.

 Yes. It was a lovely day and a lovely night. All started out with Tina picking me up at 4pm, telling me to get shoes and follow her. She basically kidnapped me, *lol*. Michel was waiting for us at the Uni parking lot. And that was my birthday pressie: they kidnapped me and took me to out for a picknick. Glorious, really. Such an excellent idea. We drove out into the mountains, and found a glorious spot up near some place called St.Ulrich (Geiersnest, to be specific), and relatively recently mowed field. Great view of the urlLink Schauinsland , where Paragliders where having fun. It was lovely, really. The sky was unbelievably blue, the sun was hot, and we had this great place with a great view. Michel had baked a strawberry cake, and we three had it all. Had a bottle of champagne, too, and music, and lounged around, having a lovely time, really (even though I think Tina and I bored Michel to death with our usual girlish talk). It really was divine. Out there, I mean. *sigh* so very lovely. Stayed out there far longer than planned, and when we were back in town (sort of around 8ish), I changed quickly, put on some make-up and headed of to Britta. We quickly cycled to Michel, who was already waiting for us. So out to the party we cycled - took about 40 minutes or so, in the going down sun. The sky an unbelievable colour of blue. It was so lovely, really, even though a pretty evil ride. Nice though, through the fields and the vineyards. Absolutely divine. The party was divine. We partied from dusk till dawn, really. Simply the location rocked - a really large, open hut at the edge of the forest, right behind the vineyard. Lots of tables and benches in front, a large bar and dancefloor inside. Excellent 89's and 90's music which reminded me of being 15 and happy. The sky was getting darker and darker, and the moon was all small and it was just divine. Michel, Britta and I started the night out with some beers and some champagne, sat down and quickly started to chat with some girl whose name I have already forgotten. Fritz came and brought another bottle of champagne, too; Michel went off to chat up some girls who he spend most of the party with (which was great, I was very happy to see him there having fun), and the sister of the girl who sat with us turned up, together with a guy who I thought was her boyfriend, a really interesting guy called Johannes. Talked about tons of things, Australia ans New Zealand, and this and that I got to tell the "all you need is love" story again, too,when one of Fritz's friends came over and told me she had seen Ev and me on TV back In January. *sigh* After the Champagne bottle and some more drinks (and the first woodruff flavoured wobbly vodka jelly of the evening), the two girls, and Johannes and Britta and I moved over to the dance floor, even though the music was relatively crappy at that moment and we started to convince the icky DJ guy to put on better music, which he did after a while, and we danced. And had more drinks. And more jelly things, And just enjoyed ourselves. Cool music then, New Model Army, Nena and INXS and other good old 80's stuff and we screamed along and it was good ( "....mystify....mystify me....." ). At some point, the two girls left, while Johannes stayed, which was kinda odd, because I thought he was the boyfriend after all. But anyway. He started to flirt rather wildly, which sure was funky and good. After all, flirting is okay (and the ground rule is: "flirting ends where kissing begins" ) and fun. So we danced and screamed and had more drinks and it was all good. Johannes and I talked about music, too, and he apparently liked what I like and found my confession that I liked The Sisters of Mercy back in my youth adorable and was practically willing to kiss the ground that I walk on. *rofl* That sure was good for my ego. Still didn't think anything of it all. Was just having a lovely time. And after all, he knew that I am taken (or at least I thought so) and he had a girlfriend, too (or so I thought). Well, it got to point when I realised I had to pull up my barricades again (when someone makes it quite obvious that kissing should be next and you don't want to, you should say so, I think), and so I did that. Ick. I hated it. He obviously had not heard the story of "all you need is love" as I was telling it earltier and hence didn't know I had someone. And apparently, the girl wasn't his girfriend either. Oy. And he is a cutie after all. A cutie I liked but not one I wanted. Seriously. Not for one moment did I think that anything should happen with me and him. Not for a sec. The hunting was fun. The kill wouldn't have been. I want Ev. I want to be monogamous. I want something only he can give me. And nope, this flirting - even though it was good - wasn't even half as thrilling to make me think about *doing* anything more than flirting for a second or two. So I had quite obviously pulled an evil typical girl thing - the ego boost. Hmph. Not nice. Oh how I hated that. If he had been in a relationship, too, it all wouldn't have been half as bad, me thinks. Ick. So I thought the rules were there (that this was gonna be flirting, nothing else) when they really weren't. Hmph. Dumb. Very not elegant. And so I went off to get another drink or whatever else. And next time I look at the dancefloor, Britta and Johannes are smooching. I almost died laughing. There I was, one minute feeling guilty for possibly hurting someone and leading someone on, next minute he is smooching the friend I am at the party with. So the pain can't have been that bad (or he wanted to pay me back, which really didn't work out). It was hilarious. I really hyperventilated because it was so funny. How good I really didn't waste more than a minute on feeling guilty. So the rest of the party was spend laughing about this, dancing some more, drinking some more. What made me feel bad though was that this was Britta's first kiss (or at least it looked like a kiss, she told me today, they really didn't kiss much. He kissed her face and that was that). And that this was yet another episode of: Caro gets it all (or can get it all), Britta gets nothing. And Johannes settled for the "leftover". Sickening, actually. So the evening faded away, really. It was starting to dawn. Danced some more, almost all alone, which was funky, despite it all, I was in a good mood and felt strong & sexy and good and whatnot. Later, Michel and I sat in the middle of the path between the vineyards and talked. Quite nicely. The girl he had been entertaining all evening was apparently really nice, but he was kinda sad he didn't go along and smooch, too, so we were sitting there being jealous of Britta in a way. And I missed Ev. A lot. Tons. And sitting there, I felt that it was right the way it was. Ev and me, I mean. Being monogamous. Flirting just showed me that while I find the hunt nice and entertaining, the kill really wouldn't give me anything these days. Because the only person I want is Ev. We left soon afterwards. Despite it all, I gave Johannes my eMail addie. Not because I need more of an ego boost. Just because he is a nice guy I'd like to get to know better. And anyone who is not a law guy is good. On the way home (riding downhill through the vineyards in the cold of dawn), it dawned on Britta that Johannes had been heavily flirting with me, and when she asked, I told her what happened. Which quite hampered her mood. Oy. She was still quite excited about the possibilty of him calling and whatnot. Oy oy. Riding a bike after a night of heavy drinking is not always a good idea, actually. Michael and I crashed somewhere near G.town, when he hit the brakes for no apparent reason and I ran into him. Fell all on my left side, injured my elbow (all scratched an bruised) and got myself a nice collection of bruises on my legs, too. But well, there is always some kind of loss. Michel and Britta came home with me (it was 6am by then) and we had some sort of breakfast (tea, coffee, bread rolls for the two of them, cold leftover pasta for me), before I fell asleep (or in a coma) on my floor. And the two decided to leave. *lol*. I am not a good hostess. I even removed my make up, brushed my teeth and all before I fell into bed. Woke up after not even 3 hours when I lost my sleeping mask (I sleep best in the dark, and during the day, you can't get my flat dark enough, hence the mask). Ick. No headache. But tiredness. Tiredness. More tiredness. And no clear thoughts. Had a shower. Had the last bit of pasta. Chatted with Linnie. Slept some more later. Didn't get out on the balcony because it was so hot and I feared that the left over alcohol would kill me if I sat in the sun. Didn't get fully up until late in the afternoon, really. Even went to Britta and brought her bike back. She seemed a lot more realistic then earlier in the day. Even though she totally blew this Johannes thing out of proportion. Like making up things that she would say in case he calls. Hmph. So this was a good party, all in all. A little like being back in High School. *lol* Oh, the drama. I managed to stay on the right amount of alcohol all night. Excellent. What annoyed me most about this Johannes thing wasn't that someone "got over me" in a matter of minutes (or wanted to make me realize what I missed out on?) but more that it played into the entire problem thing that has been an issue in my friendship with Britta. I am the one who has the boyfriend. The one who is experienced & easy going & whatever else. The one who - on a good night - feels at home in her skin and plays with her charme and flirts, just for the heck of it. The one who can have "someone" whenever she wants (that sure is an exaggeration, but you get my drift, I reckon). Britta is the complete opposite. She has never had a partner. She has never kissed. She has never had sex. She has some issues with insecurity & coming across as the friend type, not the girlfriend type. Her virginity is a stigma for her. Totally. No matter how hard I try to re-assure her it isn't so. Someone who has had plenty of sex can always say it isn't a biggie. And after a few years (5 or so, to be exact), the line does get a little old. And now this Johannes thing totally played into this thing. Totally. Someone who couldn't *get* me, settled for her. Ick. She gets what I don't want, if she gets anything at all. Ick. Ick. Ick. And he knew what he was doing there. No doubt about it. He even commented that he thought she was insecure. How sickening is that? Anyway. Even though this all sounds rather bad now, in type, I mean. It was indeed a hilarious day & evening. It was fun. Even the drama had an entertaining quality about it. I need more days & nights like this one. Definitely. I need fun and dancing and interesting people and dancing under stars and sitting on hills having strawberry cake and laughing about someone who's pulling a shitty trick and feeling good in missing Ev. Off to bed now. I need sleep. More sleep. Lots of sleep.

 *yawn.* I am dead tired. And yes, I think that's a hangover, too. *yawn.* Yes. The party last night was grande. Lovely place, mostly good music, free flowing champagne and wobbly vodka jellies. Got home at 6am. Or was it? Don't know. More Details to follow later (and hell, there are many details to follow). Am. Too. Tired. *yawn yawn yawn.*

 urlLink Gentry urlLink has met urlLink Jean Paul Gaultier urlLink yet again! All very glamourous. :)

 Happy Birthday to me. I liked being 22. Not that that was a good year for me at all. But it sounded still young enough to be unsure about what I want to do. 23 is far closer to being in my mid-twenties. Time to grow up? Finally? oy oy oy. Yesterday night, I felt pretty lonely and sad. Not good, I should have went out and gotten smashed. Oh well. got some nice pressies so far, nice books that I wanted and a webcam (that I can choose myself), too. Lovely. But I still feel kinda lonely. Not good. The sun is shining, I need to get some food soonish and then sit out there on my balcony and enjoy life until Tina will drop by later. Want some cake?

 It's just my birthday. Nothing important. No need to come along to the party. It's not even my party. Well. Not exactly. I'd be lying big time to say that this didn't hurt.

 urlLink Poor Cookie Monster .

 urlLink the devil is in the details. I would have melted, too, if I were B. And urlLink Heather is a genius. As if that was something new. :)

 I have hot water. I had a fun time at ProFa and learned some decent HTML stuff (please call me queen of CSS now). I had an unexciting session with Dr.K. All easy. I have a package here waiting to be unwrapped in about 7 hours and a letter from Ev, too. :) Life is pretty good.

 It's Friday morning and I am waiting for the repair guys to arrive. Hot water. I will have hot water again. Unbelievable. It has been a week. It really has been good that I have been so busy gym wise. It has been fun. And I am less sore today, yeah. Will prolly go and get a work out tonight, depending on whether I get hold of everyone early enough. I looked at my stomach this morn, and it finally looks & feels streamlined again and is nice and firm. I love my stomach, the muscles there are so strong. Very cool. Took some more self-portraits yesterday, on the fil that already has these window pics I took lying on the scaffolding the other day. This time, I photographed various body parts. *lol* Wonder whether these will come out well at all, I actually doubt it, the camera sucks pretty much at arms length. Took some random shoulder and breast photos. If they do come out, Ev should love them, he loves my shoulders and tits after all. If they don't come out well...then at least the people at the developing place have something to laugh about. :) My flat is the tidiest it has been in weeks, really, I just need to hoover and wipe over my puter and the desk. And clean the kitchen floor. But anyway. In general, this place is clean. The curtains are open and the sun floats into the room passing the geranias (pink and red; the red one at least looks a little healthier than earlier in the week) and lobelias (dark blue), the little pot with the yellow gerbera daisies and the large pot spilling with allyssum (white) on my balcony. Lovely. Today shall be busy. Once the repair guys have arrived & installed the new hot water thing I should shower and get my bum to ProFa. Looking forward to working with Gerhard. I'll be there till three, from there straight to Dr.K. The rest of the day shall be spend contacting people who might want to come along tomorrow and shopping for some food and drink. It really is odd. I am so NOT in the mood to celebrate my birthday. Going to Fritz's party is lovely. It won't be about me. But the thought of people coming here just *because* of me. Ick. I have been so antisocial lately and have neglected so many people that the idea of asking them to come celebrate feels fake. I just don't think my birthday is very important this year. Sure, I am excitedly waiting for whatever might come in the mail from Ev, (and everyone else who is far away yet loves me for that matter), but a real celebration? Don't really feel like it. Hmph. I'd so much prefer this day to be just over. Tomorrow, I mean. Let's just skip it. Let me unpack my pressies, have fun at Fritz' party...but let's forget about it being my birthday, really. I feel so antisocial just wanting to celebrate it with Tina and Michel. Britta will come along, too, but then...I feel bad wanting to call Silke for this. Or Felix. Or anyone else for that matter. Anyway. It's just my birthday. It isn't really terribly important in the grand scheme of things. I just wish I could throw a girly party with Lin and Kitten and Heather and whoever else who would want to come along. Some nice cocktails and shopping for nail polish at Sephora. Or for lingerie. Or for some cool harnasses with flames. Or whatever, you get my drift. Hmph. Or a day with Ev. Sleeping in, having wake up sex, breakfast somewhere, a loungy day without worries at a nice sunny place. I miss him. A lot. Oh well. Finally made Michel's birthday tape last night. It's a pretty summery if melancholic "sitting on the balcony on a summer evening sipping some cooled white wine" - kinda tape. I'd actually keep it, it turned out nice, and surprisingly, both sides end perfectly, without any calculating. Quite amazing. It's not outrageous in any way, really. It's just stuff I like, put together. And it's nice. side a dave matthews & tim reynolds - #41 (live) chris cacavas - anonymous the whitlams - no aphrodisiac niels frevert - polyacryl alex lloyd - my way home tab two - heaven's too high powderfinger - these days u2 - walk on gomez - rosemary side b tex perkins - to us somethign for kate - the astronaut radiohead - how to disappear completely david gray - this year's love dido - take my hand the jeremy days - brand new toy (live) nationalgalerie - immer wieder sonntags the verve - space & time powderfinger - the day you come

 urlLink I love these.

 Kiwis are very inventive people. Bungee Jumping (even though that idea was stolen from some natives in Papua-NewGuinea). Cookie Time cookies. These odd large rubber balls in which you can roll down a hill. urlLink Now they are putting a good use to all that fur of the run over useless possums on the West Coast. Nipple warmers a standout success 15 June 2001 By NICOLA BOYES What's cute, fuzzy and slips inside your bra on a cold winter morning? The hottest thing at this year's Fieldays near Hamilton - possum skin nipple warmers. West Coast company Gray Fur Trading sold more than 500 nipple warmers in their first day of trading at Mystery Creek, though owner Peter Gray says sales could be attributed to the -1 degree frost. "Some people came through and brought half a dozen while others just brought one set. Mothers have picked them up saying "oh I have to take something home for my daughter". "It's just a big laugh really." Mr Gray said the nipple warmers are made out of possum skin off-cuts and slip inside a bra "fur to nipple". "I've heard they're very warm." He says they are just the ticket for those often embarrasing cold mornings in the cowshed. Mr Maunganui fashion design student Leigh Johnson tried the nipple warmers out at yesterday's Fieldays. "They really are quite warm aren't they? They're good, really soft." Since the company started making the nipple warmers about one year ago Mr Gray said they have had orders from as far away as America. "One lady called up wanting 2000 of them. They're quite serious about them over there." First time exhibitors at the Fieldays, Mr Gray said it is also the first time anyone from the South Island's West Coast has run a site at the event. urlLink Obviously, wearing these nipple warmers makes you smile rather dumbly. Still a funky idea. I'd definitely want one. :) (through urlLink supermodels are lonelier than you think )

 I am so SORE today. It's unbelievable. Went to an hour of Body Pump yesterday, which was really nice, but apparently I just didn't stretch enough, I don't know. I feel this nice pull in my pecs and shoulders, but my legs just hurt like hell. Spend an hour on the cross trainer with low impact around noon today (to earn my shower at the gym) and stretched a lot later, and it's still not better. Ouch. I need a massage.

 I have realised that I am overly annoyed by the latest Persil (I think it is) washing powder advertisement. It's this little story about a girl moving in with her guy. She tells us that the first thing she did when they moved in together was her getting rid of the greyish towels. And that now, the only thing she needs to get rid off is the ugly old wine bottle he uses as a candle holder and that he loves to death. I just don't like this: I'll go and change my partner attitude. Sucks. Rude. So very female, too. If I ever choose to move in with Ev, I'll even let him keep that CD thing Psychobitch made for him. Hah! Talk about acceptance. :)

 Am sifting through some HTML stuff to make the PP website look the way it should look. The preliminary site is practically done; Gerhard send me the text stuff over this morn, and I am sort of done already. Cool. Just need to polish up the last bits. Know though, that the real site will take ages. Oy oy. Anyway. Am half watching the first ever episode of emergency room, too. Lovely. Oh, the old times. More later, off to look at the fine art of HTML. Can't wait for my O'Reillys "Learning Webdesign", which my mom got me for my birthday. Yay.

 And life with cold water will suck until Friday. At least. What bullshit. At least it'll get me to the gym every morning. How exciting. Duh.

 Burned off 700 kcal on the cross trainer this morn, so that I deserved a hot shower at the gym. Am hungry now and waiting for repair guy to help me get hot water again. Life with cold water sucks.

 I had a lovely night out. Spontaneously. Gerhard, my new colleague at Planned Parenthood called at 9:30 and said one of his mates had won tickets for the premiere of urlLink "The Replacements" and whether I wouldn't want to come along. So I threw on some Jeans and off I went and it was an entertaining evening, really. A beer, some net chat and whatnot, and a dumb football centered predictable movie that was nonetheless quite entertaining. I really laughed a lot about the predictability and the overly simplified characters, and it was just fun, yes. Lovely. Just what I needed, actually. Very nice that he thought about me when they had those spare tickets. Nice nice nice.

 urlLink Feminism rears "her" ridiculous, ugly head. They discuss urlLink this , btw. So what have I learned today? The fact I can and do shave obviously makes me a non-feminist and a victim of patriachy. Yeah. How ridiculous. How utterly ridiculous. Why don't I understand that whining about Porn at all? Tsk tsk tsk. Dumb women.

 Oh, how lovely urlLink Kombucha is, every once in a while. Hm. Yum. Good subsitute for my 2 litre a day urlLink Pepsi light or urlLink Pepsi Max habit. hmmmmm. :)

 I am happy. Very happy. Even though my hot water thing still isn't repaired (and I haven't managed to get hold of the dumb woman responsible for this building) and even though I don't have any repair guy coming in before Wednesday. Even though it's cold. And even though it's raining. Why? Because my fabulous, beautiful, intelligent, lovely, clever, sexy boy just called. And told me he not only has the money for the flight over here, but since today, also the job at a hospital here in town. And he'll come over in early December and stay till February. eeeeeep! ...now I can start planning for lovely, romantic getaways for us. *sigh* London, Paris........ Yes. Yes. Yes. :)

 I shall scream. The idiots from the repair place claim they can't come in to repair my hot water thing before WEDNESDAY. There is NO way I will live with this broken water thing. Seriously. Some angry calls to my landlord are obviously in order. Ick. Ick. Ick.

 Before I head to bed I will either go out on my balcony and scream yet again at the people who have been singing Alanis Morisette / Meat Loaf / Jon Bon Jovi songs songs for the past 6 hours.... or I'll just go and call the police. Ick. Ick. Ick.

 True words from urlLink Kate : "blockbuster is full of couples on the weekends, all fawning over each other, and 50% of me is happy for their happiness, and 50% of me seeps through my toes into the floor below because it's like dangling rare meat in front of a starving lion, just beyond reach." Oh, how I can relate.

 this world by ~the jeremy days~ i got bullets in my brain tell me what i want chitty chatty lies stories passing by although i win most of things i lose and fail miserably organizing myself tell me how hard it is tell me what i want in this world tell me what it is with this world tell me what i get on a grey day a grey day i got a whole lot of money for acting quite stupid my words and moves all in one a mess and if i come to rescue you would you rescue me back and if i kissed you would you leave me by your door till dawn tell me what i want in this world in this world. tell me what it is with this world....

 I confess. I am a pathetic, urlLink typical not even Kinsey 1 (who will probably never be more than maybe a 1 1/2, if at all) who lusts after Angelina Jolie. Yesterday, urlLink Gwen at urlLink nawa shibari linked to an awesome picture of Angelina and her hubbie Billy Bob Thornton out of the current edition of Rollingstone..... woah. All I can say to that. Woah.

 So I've been lazy with my blog. Didn't have much to say, really. Anything I would have said yesterday would have been lots of swearing, basically, because I have no warm water at the moment. The warm water thing broke, and the idiot who was supposed to repair it claimed that he needed some extra parts that he didn't have but would magically have on Monday morning at 7am. Oh, sure. What bullshit. Because showering with ice cold water sucks, I went to the gym this morn, stinky and all, to get more stinky and have a shower there. How icky, really. Oh well. Didn't do much yesterday and today, the weather is pretty sucky (lots of rain & thunder & lightning) and I was sleepy and headachy and spent lots of time reading. Gave up on urlLink "American Psycho" last night, because I reached the first ickiest killing scene (where Pat Bateman nails his ex Bethany to the floor) and decided that this isn't the moment for reading about bitten off nipples and rats in vaginas and bitten of private parts. The book still is hilariously funny partly, and so very 80's, but right now that violence...uhm, no thanks. Don't even know why I started re-reading it. - What was I thinking? Started urlLink Glamorama instead, lets see how far that gets. Just feel like reading some Bret Easton Ellis, I want some superficiality and catchy writing, but not those super-drastic killing and torture scenes, Glamorama is at least partly tamer. Even though I still vividly remember that cut off penis scene and the death through an overdose of RU-486 (even though that is medically impossible, not well researched, Mr.Ellis). Yeah. It's all pretty ok at the mo. Got an eMail from my friend Xan from Oz and he and his theatre group have been invited to a festival over here, so I shall see him (and his fabulous fabulous play) as soon as what - in 10 days? Unbelievable. So am looking forward to that. Had a lovely phone call with my boy today, too, who was adorable and nice, if very sick and very male in insisting this was no reason to stop working out. The little work out addict. :) Weird that he has transformed into this work out machine lately. Hope I can keep up with him. Need to work out more. Oy. It was all very adorable and nice, and I felt close to him. All the way it should be. He dreamt of me the other day. How lovely. Reminds me that I need to take care of that eMail that's been sitting here for a while. Cleaned up my computer today, too, streamlined my desktop and chose a new desktop pic. Lovely - even though I swear it will get odd comments if anyone ever sees that. *lol*. Me the evil, odd things liking gal. Hehehe. I actually stumbled over a surprisingly good german BDSM site, urlLink lustschmerz , yesterday, too. Am mucho impressed by the standard, even though they still miss some basics and put quite a bit of focus on things I personally am not and will never be interested in (and their art is...not to my taste, either. ick leather. ick.). However, decent in regards to Safer Sex issues, and very good on current happenings, too. Also stumbled over the worlds worst amateur website that nearly made me throw up. It was so bad I won't link to it. urlLink Lin couldn't access it (Porn is, after all, not allowed in Singapore, even though she could, till now, get to everything - so maybe the law in Singapore actually provides quality control?), so I send her some pics and she agreed wholeheartedly. Icky fake breasts, icky dark tan, icky long pink fingernails. And above all: ICKY ICKY ICKY unsafe sex. Cumshot photos make me throw up, if I know that the ugly man at the other end of that penis is just a regular member of that site and not a pro. Unprotected oral sex. Unprotected anal sex without lube (that's what that person actually said herself) with ejaculation. How very uncool. And how very unsexy. Ick. Does anyone ever find that appealing? All was good at Profa on Friday, btw. (wow, from bad amateur websites to volunteering? very elegant.) Met Gerhard, the new volunteer, for the first time, and we got along extremely well. We're going to work on the website together, and if Friday was any indication, it should be a lot of fun, really. We do like the same things style wise, and that should all work out well. Plus he is a pro, too, which was a very delightful change to all those web-illiterates. Anyway. That much for the mo, really. More soonish.

 I wish I could somehow save the colour of the sky at this very moment. It rained, heavily, for the past few hours. But now the clouds have lifted partly, and the sun going down in the west throws a pink reflection on the clouds over the houses outside my window. They glow. Pink. Orange. Against a blueish sky. Damn beautiful. It's the little things in life, indeed.

 *sings* "...if there is pain in your heart....give it a name....give this thing a name and say it again and again................" For 13DM, I just managed to get hold of urlLink "88-95 best of: live" by urlLink The Jeremy Days . Fabulous. So right now I am cleaning up my place, dancing around in a sports top and boxers singing at the top of my lungs. Excellent. This is such a nice album. So early 90's when there actually was a decent German Music scene (with the Jeremy Days, and urlLink Fury in the Slaughterhouse and urlLink Nationalgalerie and whoever else); and just like any other decent live album, this makes me wish I had been there, it makes me happy and emotional and just sounds very good and alive and perfect. And like the early 90's. Like being in school. Like lusting for certain people. Like beers on summer nights. Like those parties at the P-Dorf, when Jane and I would wear hippie clothes from our moms. Like....damn good times we all had.

 urlLink Frozen pizzas, fresh gratins, bread rolls on Sunday......here I come.

 ANSWER: "Basic Instinct." The question: "So why did the Komodo dragon bite Phil Bronstein?" urlLink hehehe. (through urlLink supermodels are lonelier than you think )

 Oh, I am so lazy today. So very lazy. Haven't done much more than lounging around, sleeping, sitting in the sun, sleeping some more and reading. Finished Dave Eggers urlLink "A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius: Based on a True Story" which is, all in all, a pretty decent book about life in the 90's. I quite liked the "odd" style, really. Very recommendable. Have started American Psycho again, not that I know why. Oh well. Should get some dinner sometime soonish.

 Last night was lovely. Window shopping with urlLink Heather for a few hours at places whose names I have sworn not to to disclose. Lovely. I need money. I need some things from there. Found urlLink a dress at Esprit that I really want , too, and that looks very *me*. And that is on sale. Oy. It was very very entertaining, indeed, overall. Met urlLink Shauny and urlLink Linnie , too, and watched the late night re-run of Buffy and all was well. How's that for multi-tasking? Went to bed at almost 4am....and could sleep in. Oh, how I love public holidays....the only upside of living in an almost completely catholic state. Anyway. Off to enjoy the sunshine, while it lasts. Supposed to rain later. Not that it looks like it. But better to be efficient, eh?

 urlLink Everything better now in Oklahoma. (through urlLink evhead )

 Wearing my Sexbomb shirt apparently makes me evil. Good night out with Michel. No biergarten (started to rain) but cocktails at Maria's instead (whichw ere rather poor in quality, but served the purpose). Interesting conversation about this, Porn and sex (mainly). Very personal. And nope, I did not talk about monogamy as enthusiatically to convince myself. Very odd, for the first time in my life, really, I do not want anything but my boy. Seriously. I am amazed and impressed, yet again. Anyway. Nice evening. We should have more of these, Michel & me.

 urlLink I have developed an unhealthy attraction to these.

 Good day today. Relatively sweet and softy session with Dr.K, and that was okay that way. A very good time at ProFa, where we discussed the latest stuff for the men's party that we are organising. Showed off the homepage I made (just the pre version really, nothing fancy at all), and Sabine was very impressed. Was very good for my ego. Spend some time online, chatted to my lovely boy (who I can't get out of my head, really, am so very happy that he'll come over soon!), had a late lunch. All well, really. And now I am soon off for a few beers with Michel at the biergarten with urlLink this view . Let's just hope it won't start to rain now. :) Life is good.

 Men are pussies. The Evil Painter Guys did not dare to enter my hallway this morn, because there were blood spots all over the floor. They feared there was a body somewhere. And so the knock on my balcony door and tell me that.(No, I don't get the Why? either), so I get dressed and look, and sure there is no body. But very scared, dumb painters. Men! *lmao*

 "But you know, it won't be that difficult to get a student visa in Australia, I'll get that in a flash. The difficult thing will be gtting a visa that let's me work and earn money." "Marry me." "That wasn't serious, was it?" "I wouldn't do that over the phone." "Good, I'd expect you to get down on your knees in front of me, anyway. Even though my only formal requirement is: not via eMail. And not via a urlLink "Marry me" card from egreetings.com " :) I love my boy.

 urlLink Politicians urlLink are in town.

 *eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep* :) You can now all uncross your fingers. My boy go the money! AUS $4000 ! yay! Christmas with him! At least 6 weeks with him! Christmas!

 Am far far far from content. And headachy. And on the best way to a depression. Really. Aargh. I so hate law. Slept like 3 hours this night. Duh. At least it's over.

 urlLink Was that revenge because he was seen flirting with some blonde young women recently? Did she talk him into wearing the white shoes? Rub them in blood previous to the zoo visit? :) (through urlLink supermodels are lonelier than you think )

 I feel lost.

 Very odd. So I am too late with my urlLink tipping this week. Miss out the first game, hastily vote for the rest...and come up with 5 out of 8. Not bad, me reckons, for not thinking about this at all, and in such a crappy week. So now I have 50 points total, and am #2077, which is better then last wek. Odd.

 urlLink Christina's Closet . So some of the comments are heterosexist and homophobic. And sure, I don't agree with that. But the general sentiment....yes, I agree. Ick. Ick. Ick. And I think "VD in a bottle" is a great statement. (through urlLink nonharmful )

 And can someone please take the SPGs away? Please? Or at least take that screwing thing away from them?

 Am watching urlLink CNN and am troubled by weird emotions. For Timothy McVeigh, I mean. Here is the world, counting down the last hours of his life. I can't really say what exactly I feel here. I am not sorry. Or just not *just* sorry. Not sorry in the real sense of sorry, because he committed the bombings in Oklahoma well knowing what this might hold for him in the end. You live somewhere, you know the laws. You act accordingly. And if not, you get the result you *deserve*. I am not just *sorry* because he seems to enjoy the media attention, and the martyrdom he will reach through being executed for an attack against the US federal government, which will make him an icon in the fading militia movement. But still, somewhere, under the disgust at that guy who drove that Ryder truck in front of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma on April 19th, 1995 (goodness, those April days are dangeours...Waco, Columbine, Oklahoma, Hitler's birthday...) which resulted in the killing of 168 people, and the injury of about 850, I am sorry for him. Somehow sorry. Even though I can understand that people say: "If you have the death penalty, this is the case when you have it." It's the death penalty, really. I don't excuse McVeighs actions here, at all. What he did was evil, he is guilty, he has confessed (if outside the courtroom) and he deserves punishment. But not this. No one deserves this. Sitting on death row, and being killed by a state. It won't make the family's pain who have lost loved ones go away. It might bring some closure. But it won't eliminate their pain. I think what makes the death penalty unjust and cruel punishment is what is happening right now, that waiting for "the day". The rituals. The last meal. The time frame during which things happen leading up to the execution. The fact this happens either at midnight or early in the morning. How do you feel, being locked up in the cell near the killing room? How do you feel, sitting in your cell, behing watched, waiting for them to get you? How do you feel seeing your time ticking away? How do you feel, lying on that guerney, hearing the last words you will ever hear (which in McVeigh's case will apparently be "we are ready")? It will sound absolutely ridiculous if I say that an episode of 21 Jump Street (titled:"2245") largely influenced my stand on the death penalty, but 'tis the truth. They showed the execution of this guy who looked like Anthony Kiedis for a crime his girlfriend committed after a policeman had made a mistake (if I remember that correctly). And how do the people involved feel? The wardens who dress him for the last time, those who tie him to the guerney. How do you feel you are the last one touching someone who is about to be killed. Adjusting a ECG knowing this person will die. How do you feel as the person who is tricked into believing "it's not me that's causing this" because two people press a button to release the triple injection. What do thee witnesses feel. Or the lawyers. Or the family of the convicted killer. Apart from this being cruel and unusual punishment in general (and how can a state say that killing is wrong and then kill, too?), I personally think killing McVeigh with all this attention, discussing the flavour of the ice cream that constituted his last dinner, this entire media circus, is not helping at all. If they had put him into some prison where he would have stayed for the rest of his life, it would have slowed down. And no one would have cared, say 5, 10, 15 years down the road. But now, he is sacrificing himself by not fighting this execution anymore, and will forever be up there as someone who died "because he fought" the US government. This is all sickening. Very very sickening. And I wonder whether we won't hear sometime today, which company manufactured the ice cream McVeigh had. So how shall the PR people of Ben'n'Jerry's, Baskin Robbins or Hagen Dasz react? Be appalled or say: "Well, we'd choose our ice cream as a last meal, too." ? urlLink I feel like burning an American flag.

 who in all the world is searching for "alaska" & "blog" on google? You don't mean me, do you? and if you do: urlLink disclose your identity!

 urlLink AIM Emoticons dissected. Yeah. :) (through urlLink bwg )

 Oh! Oh! Oh! "A few good men" is on. And goodness, I confess, I like this movie, despite Demi Moore. A young Tom Cruise. Yum. Hm. Off to watch this with one eye, and cook some dinner.

 urlLink Google searches that come up with this site in the top 5: "Should I let my girlfriend let paint my toenails?" "Mother spying on son" "boy spying on mother" So what does that say about me? :)

 Nice talk with my boy. Miss him. Not just on the weekends, but even more so, I reckon. The urlLink concert on Friday was nice, and they played "back to you" and he thought of me. The other day, his mom asked him whether they'd get grandchildren that would only speak German. And so we talked about raising kids bi-lingually. Very cute. I so hope he gets that scholarship money. Oy oy.

 It's urlLink Madonna Weekend at MTV, which I usually avoid, but this is just nice to watch. Madonna ca. 1994. Not bad, not bad. Very hot, actually. Speaking of MTV: watching that dreaded channel made me hear the new song by a group called urlLink "Schiller" featuring Peter Heppner, one of the guys from urlLink Wolfsheim : urlLink "Dream of you" , and that sure was nice. Good stuff. I immediately searched for my Wolfsheim tapes, to which I haven't listened in ages. Very fitting for this sucky weather. And this bad mood. And everything.

 If you want to make me happy on my birthday, urlLink get me this in black . urlLink Or this. urlLink Or send me plane tickets. urlLink Or Astroglide. Or send me timtams. urlLink Or make a little donation. Just thinking about me would be fine enough, though, too.

 Sidenote : I am absolutely disgusted by the media coverage of the execution of Timothy McVeigh. I am against capital punishment. Have always been, will always be. Seeing how this is happening is disgusting. urlLink The rituals. The mechanics of an execution. The special reports: fancy music, urlLink "THE EXECUTION OF TIMOTHY MCVEIGH" flashing on the TV screen. It's so mideaval. So full of revenge. Sure, McVeigh killed 168 people, he says he is guilty, but I personally am all for life without parole instead of killing someone. urlLink McVeigh 'wants this to come about' ">He even says he wants to be executed because life without parole were worse. So why give him what he wants?

 So here I am sitting at my computer, almost already working on my paper...and listening to this odd tape we made back in 1994, a few weeks before we took off for camp and urlLink before all these things happened . Very odd. Caro at just barely 16, Stephan, Jane, Thorsten, Tim, everyone. I listen to it every once in a while. Every year or so, and it's funny and sad at the same time. Makes me sentimental. Life was very different back then. And it felt like the world was my oyster. Oy.

 somewhere in the nowehere of icq, 10:14pm, Saturday, June 9th 2001 Caro: yeah, I just don't want to expect too much. plus I am still so *innovation* less. I mean, I don't have any picture in my head what life could be like so that I am happy...I am all floating around here, so... Caro: kinda hard to describe, sorry BruinDan: oh no, it makes perfect sense actually. BruinDan: I was the opposite...I had all these hopes and dreams that were furthered by a girlfriend....and then the floor collapsed from under me. BruinDan: So now I am much like you..kind of drifting along not knowing what my life could be, not knowing what direction I am headed in, and looking for something to hold on to. Caro: welcome to the club Caro: it's very odd, I have like *no* vision of what my life should be like. very sad in a way BruinDan: I hear ya. I think this is all part of growing up, we have these ideals when we are young and one by one they fall apart until we realize we have *no* clue which way we are supposed to be going. BruinDan: Thats why this breakup is so hard for me. I thought I had found what I needed, and so did she. Then everything suddenly changed and now I am lost. Caro: we sound very gen-x here, dan Like straight out of a Douglas Coupland novel. Duh.

 So I mentioned briefly that I was tempted to go to NYC next month. I am very tempted, thanks J. for making things worse! :) All started when Heather mentioned sometime this week that she was wondering whether I it would be cheap to hop over the big pond to join her in NY for the webzine convention & panel discussion that allowed sexuality sites to participate for the first time. Hm. So I looked into flights. Looked at my empty account. Imagined myself in New York, the only place in the US apart from San Francisco that I really want to see. Saw yellow cabs, and the Chrysler building and whatever else. Thought about meeting all those people I really want to see and that I really need to meet them before I make my way downunder, just because I'll be so much further away from them. But. Really, as much as I would love to go, and as tempting it is to fly over and meet all those fabbo people (and on top of it all: J!)....nah. I just don't think it's gonna work. Not this time. The dollar sucks muchly at the moment, and the little money that I have is worth nothing over there. It would be very expensive, even if I score a cheap flight. We're talking roughly 2 1/2 times my monthly allowance. Borrowing money from the bank is impossible. I'd hence have to borrow money from the parentals (which is tricky and not desirable in itself) and somehow explain why I am going. And going to NY and not to Australia. Duh. And as lovely as my rents are and as lovely and understanding they are and as much as they want me to travel, I am not quite sure whether any money would make its way to me if I told them the real deal about all my online activities and this trip. Even if I found a non-parental way to finance this trip (aka Fabian's Lufthansa miles), I would still have to explain it. So even if I could find a way to pay for this, how can I be mad at Ev for wanting to go other places but here, tell him I can't come to see him this year yet spend at least 2000DM (i.e one flight to Australia) on a 7 day trip to NY? Plus The timing isn't ideal: the semester will still be on. And I will hopefully go to see U2 at just around that time in Cologne. So. I am afraid my rational self has to prevail here. If it was a month later...maybe. If it wasn't this year where I really need to get through that one law class. If it wasn't for the hole in my account. If it wasn't for Australia next year (and the 24.000$ AUS that I will need for tuition alone). And for the U2 concert. But under these circumstances....nope. It just wouldn't really work. :( Quelle bummer.

 My boy went to see urlLink Something for Kate last night. And I am dead jealous. Looking at their website this morn, at the setlist, the announcement for the new album, made me very sad. I so wish I could have been there. *sob sob* Yes, am a little pathetic today.

 urlLink Roll your own blackout. Global Solstice Event on Thursday, June 21st 2001, from 7-10pm worldwide, all time zones "In protest of George W. Bush's energy policies and lack of emphasis on efficiency, conservation and alternative fuels, there will be a voluntary rolling blackout on the first day of summer, June 21 at 7pm - 10pm in any time zone (this will roll it across the planet). It's a simple protest and a symbolic act. Turn out your lights from 7pm-10pm on June 21. Unplug whatever you can unplug in your house. Light a candle, kiss and tell, make love, tell ghost stories, do something instead of watching television, have fun in the dark. Forward this e-mail as widely as possible, to your government representatives and environmental contacts. Let them know we want global education, participation and funding in conservation, efficiency and alternative fuel efforts-and an end to over exploitation and misuse of the earth's resources." Cute idea, unfortunately not too well organised. I bet in the 70's, it would have worked.

 More photos: urlLink the amazing pictures by Geoff Cordner for the "bodies of evidence" theme are finally online at Scarletletters. urlLink This touched me very much when I first saw it. And as usual, Heather's urlLink editorial rocks. Excellent stuff.

 In case you happen to be in Milan this month, make sure you head to via Marconcelli 14, to see "Love, Donna", an exhibition by photographer Donna Ferrato. Fascinating, diverse views into "love" (whatever that is) and all it's variations. If no trip to Milan is on your schedule, I recommend buying this month's italian edition of "Marie Claire", they have a special section on "love" this month and 12 pages with pictures from the exhibition. Divine.

 The EPGs have painted my balcony floor a weird shade of beige. It looks very sandy. Very Saharan. Very warm. Quite strange: It's been raining all day, yet the wet balcony floor looks inviting and warm and nice. Obviously a good colour choice. Hm. I might not need to purchase the wooden planks I wanted to get. This looks pretty enough the way it is now. And now the excitement: what colour will the shade things get?

 Reading urlLink Heather's poems for the latest edition of urlLink Scarletletters. urlLink I've apparently graduated from fan-dom *rofl*.

 I usually enjoy shopping. Even shopping for everyday things, groceries, whatnot, but it has to be at a good supermarket, not the cheap but crappy "penny-markt" near Uni, where you feel like in the german democratic republic, circa 1982, because by 5pm, when you crawl out from beneath your law books and into the world, most things you want that day are probably sold out. At Penny Markt, shopping is adventurous: the local alcoholics and the punks that lie around on the Uni lawn shop for their beer and korn and breathe into your face when you stand in the never ending line to finally pay your few DMs and get out. Yeah. It's a classic experience, that supermarket, actually, the check out ladies and men are classically ugly, classically unfriendly, classically rude. But it's cheap. Enough of a reason. Cheap food is tolerable. But I wanted to write about the pleasure and non-pleasure of shopping....I really enjoy shopping at urlLink dm . dm rocks. It's a drugstore, and features all the products needed to make me feel good, almost everything needed for worship in my temple (aka the bathroom). A good subsitute for "boots - the chemist" which I just love to shreds. dm is the only place where you can get brand cosmetics for a price even lower than the one printed on it. Shopping there is fun. Even shopping for something like...say toilet cleaner, shopping for washing up liquid (shall I take the yellow pril smelling like lemons, the eco-friendly Frosch one made of real lemons or the palmolive anti-bacterial one that's orange and would hence look best in my kitchen? - the Orange one of course). Shopping for nail-polish. Shopping for....anything. Tina is my partner in crime. She loves dm, too. We can spend time there, sniffing on things, looking at colours, discussing new cleaning products, wondering why we react to advertisements that feature Sarah Michelle Gellar, wasting time. Shopping there lifts our mood. My urlLink payback card loves dm, too, I have loaded most of the points that I will one day swap against a soda streamer at dm. So I enjoy shopping for things at dm. For anything there. Well, anything but - deodorant, that is. Deodorant shopping sucks. Shampoo shopping sucks a little, every few months when I decide I am fed up with my brand and need a new one (switched from Fructis to John Frieda "blonde" to Herbal Essences to El'Vital to...I am not very consistent with shampoo) I stand in front of the shelf clueless, staring at the colourful bottles, but it's not half as bad as deodorant shopping. Let me explain: I am usually brand-consious and brand-clingy. If you win my heart once, I am yours. If you produce and market any kind of cosmetics and can convince me to buy it once, and make me like your product, I will keep buying and buying. Until you, the evil producer, decide to not produce the product anymore. Or tempt me with a "new & improved" version. Or whatever else. Shopping in another country is usually an adventure of it's own for me. If I am not in tune with local marketing or can't find something I already know, it can be pretty hard. However, if I've been subjected to enough local mags though, it's fun and entertaining. I know already that if I ever happen to be in the US, I will bring home several bottles of Jergen's "Skin Smoothing Lotion". I am every marketer's dream, really, a member of such a nice, well defined target group. So reactive to some kinds of advertisement. Daring to try out new things. Somehow though, all deodorant producers have failed me. They just haven't convinced me yet that I need THEIR product or won't be happy otherwise. I use something but do not cling to the product. I find myself standing in front of that shelf, unable to make a decision, a little overwhelmed. There simply is too much choice in the deodorant shelf, while there is no choice really, because so many products just suck. Too much choice = no choice. Up there on the big shelf, lined up like soldiers are the deodorants and anti-perspirants and all their sub-divisions: sprays (pump-action), sprays (can), roll-ons, sticks, creme-sticks, wipes, brand or generic, deo-crystals, "sensitive" and "intensive" choices...the list is endless, really. So how about a roll on? Nicely practical and quick drying, but those 24 hour ones (and this is apparently the only variety out there, no matter what brand) only seem to come in two varieties, either pure stinky mineral solutions (yeah, the smell of aluminium!) or in fake-flowery. Yuk. So these are a no-no. As are those that smell like pure alcohol (the smell suggest that it hurts to apply that on frehly shaven pits). Then there's Nivea, a nice trusted brand for lots of things. But their deo...sucks. Nivea deo in all it's application forms (roll on, spray, wipes) smells too much like Nivea and I don't want that in my armpit surrounding me like a cloud of Nivea sticky cleanliness. Just doesn't smell well with say...Jean-Paul Gaultier. Or my Lush Body Powder. Same goes for impulse. It stinks. It sucks. Yuk. I am not their target group after all, I am not 14 and like Britney Spears. (Even though I admit owning on of their products because it's called ICQ. Don't use it though, hide it below my sink somewhere, next to other unused products.). The packaging of Impulse products looks ugly, too. So as a general rule, pure deodorants and everything in an evil ozone-layer-killing can is a no-no for me, and deo crystals are a little too eco for me, too. So the choice is smaller, but still. So how about a simple anti-perspirant? - Well, even the smell of something as evil as Rexona Ultra or Hidro-Fugal make me think of clogged sweat glands and the necessary operations to open them up again. So yet another no-no. I actually did give one a chance a while back, a "sensitive" formula, that really wasn't --uhm-- (*blushes*) strong enough. So it was hence never bought again. So how about a stick application then? Well, thanks, but no thanks. Sticks leave that yucky residue. It sucks on sleeveless blacks, it stains white shirts and turns the underarms area a nice light yellow, no matter how well you wash. Tina ruined all her shirts with it one year (we think it has something to do with a chemical reaction between product - sweat - washing powder). I ruined a good amount of my white shirts and a jumper in the first summer "Secret" was available in Germany (I had been tempted by US advertising for it for a good while before that). So sticks are a no-no, too. Which basically just leaves the creamy formulations. Which are tricky because one needs to stay away from the old fashioned *creamy-creamy* products (ick! Nivea! ick! ick!). And from the metallic-smelling formulations (so Rexona Creme is out, too). And from those that just don't appeal to my sense of what's good packaging. Oy. Which basically just leaves me to choose between the different smells of one product. See: too much choice = no choice. I take a little sniff at the 5 variations of that one brand, am disgusted by the one with a little white label, almost naeuseous after smelling on those with the pink and violet lables (and have to remember one horrible day at work at Arthur Andersen in 1999, when I used the pink variety that I had gotten as a tester, and almost threw up during the day because of the smell of my *own* deodorant), but am then transformed back in time and space (1996, NZ, "Degree" deodorant, purchased at K-Mart at Riccarton Mall) by the one with the little greenish label. So I look for one without a smeared applicator part, find one at the back of the shelf and drop it into my basket, with a sigh. As I stand at the check out (Corny Muesli bars Choco, all cotton o.b. comfort mini, and a bar of Nivea soap also on the check out belt, next to the Deo) I am not content with what's lying there, even though the smell is ok, even though it worked okay before. So this is not a first purchase. No excitement that carrying home something new brings you. I feel like I had no choice and am not content with my soon-to-be purchase. I *had* to buy that product, not because I was convinced it rocked, but because all others simply sucked. So as I hand my payback card over to the check out girl I send a psychic message to the makers of "Secret Satin Dry Creme Nature Fresh" as my money trasnfers on weird ways, into their accounts: No. No. No. The fact that I am buying your product doesn't mean you've convinced me. You have FORCED me. You need better marketing. And better competitors. No. No. No. I do not like you. You should make me feel good about purchasing your product. And I know that next time I need some deo, when this one is empty, I will stand in front of the shelf for 5 minutes again, follow the same line of thought and leave just as discontent, with probably the same purchase. Duh. urlLink Je suis une freak.

 urlLink Humbling to see that Helen's friends are out there to preserve and celebrate her life and not let urlLink her death overshadow the memory of her.

 Re:BRITNEY SPEARS GIVES GOOD HEAD Britney Spears Sucking Cock Jennifer Love Hewitt Getting Ass Fucked NO Credit Card Needed EVER A new highlight of crappy wannabe-porn eMails. I seriously wonder whether anyone reacts to this. First of all: Why Britney Spears? I can understand why someone wants to see her nude and not...say...Christian Aguilera (ICK!). But still. And the whiney Jennifer Love Hewitt? Goodness, after seeing one episode of Party of Five, if I were male, I could never ever get aroused by watching her. And on a more general note: get real people, if there was footage of Britney Spears doing anything sexual, wouldn't we see it in a decent yellow press paper as soon as it got public and not hear about it in some crappy eMail? (Yes, today is not the best day, and I am just ever so slightly edgy today)

 urlLink "The Times" reported this week: Blonde lawyers don't have more fun BY LAURA PEEK FAIR-HAIRED lawyers in the United States have declared a National Blonde Day to dispel the myth of the dumb blonde. They are fed up with people ignoring their law degrees and seeing their hair as a stupidity signal. The Blonde Legal Defence Club has been established by a group of lawyers in Los Angeles to support anyone who has been treated wrongly for their follicular appearance. Its mission is to stop the widespread belief that blondes are dumb and incapable, to destroy blonde stereotypes and to publicise blonde accomplishments throughout history, dispelling the myths and mistakes about blondes. Icons from Marilyn Monroe to Robert Redford have complained that their hair colouring has led to their work being taken less seriously. Indeed, a new Hollywood film, Legally Blonde, addresses the issue. A fashion student is rejected by her ambitious boyfriend because her platinum-coloured hair would make her an unsuitable political wife. She becomes a star student at Harvard Law School to prove him wrong. The Harvard Law Bulletin wrote about the film and suggested that prejudice over hair colour is real among professional women, even those with Harvard law degrees. Weve had to endure untold hardships, Fern Magnin, of the Blonde Club, said. Were not going to stand for it any more. National Blonde Day is on July 9. (through urlLink supermodels are lonelier than you think) I can relate. So how shall I celebrate National Blonde Day? urlLink Anyone an idea?



 urlLink This rocks. And feels like back in 1987.

 This very moment, my boy shall be impressing those people who want to give him money. oy oy oy. My fingers are hurting from all that crossing, I swear. Makes typing so difficult! :)

 My right hand hurts. Like hell. Too much typing in a day, I swear. Oy. Oy. Carpal Tunnel Syndrome? In any way, my boy has an interview tomorrow for funding to come to Germany (and Thailand, too). So in case anyone has any fingers or toes free to cross tomorrow, it would be muchly appreciated. Am excited. Oy oy. Hope it works out. But then, how could someone read his CV and hear him talk about it all and not want to throw AUS$ 3500 at him? And goodness, I am tempted to go to NYC in July. Very. Very Very tempted. Oy oy oy.

 urlLink I so rock, really. Looks better. Not that I now think you all should read that.

 It's rainy again. And cold. And I am crampy. And just not motivated to work on my paper, even though I just have one week left. Oy oy oy. I need to get myself some motivation: *mantra* Caro, you can do this. You'll do it well. You'll enjoy it, even. Think about how good you'll feel when you hand it in! In addition, I just heard that one of my fave teachers, my politics teacher from grade 9 and 10, Herr Koch, died yesterday, at age 57, from lung cancer. Very sad. Am not sure whether I shall send a card to his family, they wouldn't know me, but then....hm...... May he be happier and healthier wherever he is now. May the higher powers be good to him. At least the rain means that the painters aren't as annoying today. They worked a little this morning, but so far no singing in the rain. pheeew.

 Through urlLink flytrappy and urlLink shauny , I heard about urlLink plasticbag.org whose author urlLink asked for tales of first love a while back... and me, as always looking for a way to procrastinate, of course feel obliged to share. So after a few days of typing and no real layouting I present to the world the epic urlLink tales of caros first loves

 urlLink Bizarre things are happening to Heather

 ohh, the silence I have when the ESPs are on their lunch break. oh! oh! oh! ;)

 The evil! Evil! EVIL! Painters are SINGING!!! Bad, Bad, Bad german pop songs. And that with their local allemanic accents. aaaaaaaargh. Where are my Oropax ear plugs? Or shall I simply turn on Radiohead a little louder? (I will offer an mp3 of their singing for download, soon)

 Am doing so much better this morn. The sun is shining. I had brekkie. I got something off my chest. I can breathe again. Unbelievable. Have been hanging around online catching up with the urlLink Scarleteen boards and above all with urlLink lovely Linnie (who had said goodbye to Fabian...for good?! (I dare not utter these words, it wouldn't be for the first time that I breathe a sigh of relief because of that) and should get to work on my paper soonish. But right now, it just feels too good to do nothing.

 So I am back. I just discovered, that my notice of absence wasn't up. Duh. It posted but ot published somehow, when I left it about 3 minutes before I left my flat on Friday morn to catch my train. The weekend was okay, but right now I feel sad and lonely and tired. And whatever else. But I think I shall start ...where...on Thursday? Yes. Tina's party on Thursday . It all started pretty okay, but somewhere along the line, something went wrong. I don't know. I think I just missed the right time to get terribly smashed myself and not find everyone as stupid as I did. Maybe I have simply lost the ability to hold meaningless conversations. Maybe I can't flirt anymore. In any case, something went wrong, and it jsut sucked. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves, just not me. And when I decided to get smashed, no alcohol that I tolerate was left. Tina was practically bouncing off the walls, being happily drunk and bold and whatever. And I just stood there and just felt lonely and boring and sad and pathetic and ugly. To top everything off, when I decided that catching a cab home was the best thing I could do, I asked Michel whether he wanted to stay or leave or whatever, and he made a ridiculous statement about him *needing* me there and wanting me there and *not being able to live without me*. Or whatever. I have forgotten half of it already. I would have usually laughed about it and not cared very much, but on top of this party that was fun for everyone but me, it sucked. Very very much. I know, I shouldn't take this serious. But still. I mean, we had that trouble before. Yes, it's lovely to get attention from him (from anyone, though, too), and it has been lovely ever since I met him back in November, but in the grand scheme of things, I had simply hoped that we were over that crap. Oh well. When I came home on early Friday morn, I whined about that online to J. for a while. Hm. I still am not sure whether it was good to share all this. But then. Why not? Why the hell not? Anyway. I slept for like 2 hours before I had to get up and ready to leave on Friday morn. The train ride sucked. I was tired. I sat in a sucky compartment with sucky people. I slept for big chunks of time. Arrived home at 1pm, mom picked me up at the train station. got my hair cut in the afternoon, did some washing, visited grandma, and got myself blisters so evil while wearing my Campers without socks (yes, I am dumb, yes, I should have known that barefoot soles are NOT enough, yes, yes, yes) that I had to get some backless shoes to be able to walk. Seriously. Very sucky. My Dad was kind enough to go shoe shopping with me, which is always hassle free and nice, and I left the shop with some nice sporty black slides and a pair of urlLink strappy slides (that look very much like my old ones). My rents and I went out for dinner that night, some cheap, unpretentious greek food, which always reminds me of my summer camps and late night drinking. Yum. Saturday , I finally went on a successful shopping spree. It had been ages, really, and while going alone sure wasn't very entertaining (I hate it), and while the mall was crowded, crowded, crowded, I did find some nice pants ( urlLink relatively straight medium wide 7/8 stretchy khaki pants ), a nice knitted top ( urlLink with bold beige, red & white stripes ) and a few basic T-Shirts from GAP. At least something, I reckon. Did try lots of things on and thought about lots of things, and decided that all my recent working out DOES make a difference about how I feel when looking at evil mall mirrors. Found a nice skirt at GAP, but as usual, I was between sizes, and it just didn't look nice. Duh. Had a little fit at Esprit, who just opened (apparently one of 5 worldwide) giant flagship stores at my mall. Why do they think size 10 is the biggest they should make? aaarrrgh. Anyway. Came home tired and crabby until my mood was lifted by a urlLink Chicken Supreme . I swear, it is the only burger I have ever eaten in my entire life. The only fast food I *really* like and eat these days. And I love it to death. Yum. (*sings* "...all the places you have been trying to find a chicken supreme a chicke supreme....." ) Was a good girl for the rest of the day, visited my grandmom, made a cake for the visit to my brothers place, watched TV with the parentals. All very tame. Slept in a little on Sunday , read a sucky book called "God's brain" which was less than sci-fi B-movie material (someone basically goes around stealing brains from top scientists, throws the brains of the 7 top scientists into a big petri dish, adds some stuff to connect them and causes the end of the world. whoopeee!). Talked to Ev on the phone for half an hour. Visited grandmother again, drove to D. to visit Fabian and his girlfriend in Fabians pretty new flat. Nice afternoon was had by all. My cake was yummy, I had a good chat with Cordu (even though there are only bad news in regards to her Dad's health), Fabian did indeed get me some italian women's mags on one of his recent business trips to Milano. I am a sucker for italian editions of Elle, Vogue and Marie Claire, simply because they make for good loo reading and make me look oh-so-sophisticated. *lol* Sunday night, I watched a movie on Prague with my dad (he's going there next week and I am as jealous as hell) and read some more. And Today was basically spend packing, on a train, unpacking, catching up with everyone online. A boring weekend, in all, I s'pose, but it was good. So why the hell am I feeling so low now? I simply feel very lonely. Lost. Whatever. I just feel like no one cares about me. No one picks me up at the train station. No one. I miss having a relationship. I miss having a life. I miss being desired. When the train stopped at Frankfurt airport, I could have just jumped out and caught the next plane...somewhere. I just don't want to be where I am right now. I want to be feel at home somewhere, with someone. I miss feeling close to Ev, which I just don't feel right now. I read urlLink grim's latest entry and what urlLink Kate wrote about his leaving, and it just made me extra sad, on top of it all. I had that intensity, too. Sometime in the past. I wish someone would miss me, too. I wish I knew that Ev does that. I really don't know. And it just makes me so tired of it all. This loneliness and unhappiness and role playing. So tired of life. Hello darkness my old friend.

 *sings* .....driving home for.... christmas ...this weekend....



 urlLink It's time to celebrate, me thinks. urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink

 I didn't get all the sleep I needed, surprise, surprise. And now I am tired and pondering whether I shall go to the gym or for a swim to brighten me up later. hmph.

 There is a party on the other side of the courtyard that could be from my past. All the great music. Being woken up by the music at this time doesn't anger me, but rather make me sad. I really can't explain, but I feel like the one person in the world that is not having fun. Or real friends. Yeah. Being awake at this time sucks.

 Looking at urlLink Lance piccies to cheer myself up. I love this man. And (beware: cheesy slogan alarm! ) he's such an inspiration. urlLink And apparently so happy, too. Seeing urlLink this glorious pic , I am reminded of the first paragraph of urlLink "It's not about the bike" : "I want to die at a hundred years old with an American flag on my back and the star of Texas on my helmet, after screaming down an Alpine descent on a bicycle at 75 miles per hour. I want to cross one last finish line as my stud wife and my ten children applaud, and then I want to lie down in a field of those famous French sunflowers and gracefully expire, the perfect contradiction to my once-anticipated poignant early demise." That man rocks.

 urlLink now i'm standing here alone waiting on my own for something that will fill the emptiness inside the moment that you mind but this is loneliness i know i lay my hand onto my soul is this what life has got to give is this the dream i had of you

 Have I mentioned lately, how much I hate Britta? I really do. I really really do. And I always thought people would get after a while, that not calling back sends a message that means "no, thank you" . But she quite obviously didn't get that part. And thought calling my parents was a good way to find out whether I was okay. The bitch. I am so fucking angry, I can't tell you. Fucking angry. I don't want to have anything to do with someone who makes me feel like shit so why the hell doesn't she get lost? Does she want me to tell her to do so? Yeah. Fuck off, Britta. Just fuck off.

 urlLink I want this. Now. Anyone got a few $ to spare? (It's around 1000$ US, come on. Not that much.) If you don't want to get me a bike, get me some cool gear from urlLink nikecycling . Like the USPS Jersey (short sleeved, size M or L, please). Or the Hautacam shoes (size 41, please). Or the Lance quote shirt: "I now only have good days and great days." (not that that slogan applies to me, size M though). Cool stuff.

 Am a bit better today. Not spectacular, but better. Slept well last night and dreamt lots. Had one very bizarre and scary dream (that I thankfully have forgotten the details off) and one oh-so-amazing dream featuring Ev that felt very very real and was all nice and specific and great. Surprisingly enough, he seems to have had a similar dream last night. At least something, eh? This dream probably was the result of all those longing thoughts from yestersay (or the pre-freezed sheets?). *sigh* Can't wait to see him again. Really can't wait to see him. Woke up nice and early and decided to use those first few cool hours of the day and went online and promptly met Ev and had a nice little chat with him (even though icq discussions really aren't anything like the real thing). He's going to a party where Jen will be today, and it really doesn't bother me. At all. Oh, how long have I wanted to feel that way? Went to bed again for another hour of dozing (and freezing! now that felt great to be cold!) and then got ready to get food for the weekend, including a little bottle of champagne which shall be had when Lance wins tomorrow. Oh, how I will miss the tour. Already over again, these three weeks passed by very quickly. In any way, it's all pretty ok now. Am not feeling fantastic, but okay, and that's an improvement, after all. It's very very hot over here, and I wear as little as possible and try not to move too much or move away from my little ventilator. It really is too hot to work out or to sit in the sun. I think instead of going to the gym tomorrow morn, I'll go for a swim at the open air pool instead, really early in the morn (before the families and teens are there). I really am a bit worried about doing any other kind of work out, it's just too fucking hot, really, and the ozone levels are very high. I bet working out now would kill me. I have notices that I see little flashes at the edges of my field of vision sometimes (even when I am just sitting around) and just know that this weather isn't too good for me. I need to drink more. duh. Am not made for this weather. 5 less would be better. Oh well, shouldn't whine. Well, well. Am not in the greatest blogging mood, really, and not just because my brain is a bit too warm. Was all silent yesterday, simply because I was away for much of the day working at Planned Parenthood (which was good, even though I was a bit enraged by the two usual suspects again) and just didn't feel like blogging either. Am still a bit dissapointed about something someone said and am most definitely not planning to forget it and play nice and pretend all is well and hop in again without being asked. Nope. No way. I justed hopped over to dm (my fave shop) again to buy some more weekend necessities (now please die laughing: a nice smelling, cooling shower gel, shaving gel, foot peeling) to survive the weekend and beautify me and ran into some idiot from the fraternity I used to spend time at. Argh. "I haven't seen you around in ages." Oh, what a loss. Not really. And if you really missed me, you know where I live, idiot. Other things on my list for this weekend: clean the kitchen and bathroom; dust the real room; paint toe nails and beautify feet to make them sandal pretty again; sleep lots; do some washining by hand; watch the tour; and stay relaxed and cool (not that I know how. I am already wearing nothing but a skimpy dress and literally melting away). Sounds good to me. Maybe more later. Typing is enough to make me break out in a sweat. Argh.

 seasick ~something for kate~ you make it look so easy you seem to fit inside your own skull so comfortably but i haven't been myself lately and thank you the pressure has been all mine as i wait for my pulse to catch up with me if i could leave here today then i would if i could change my face and my name then i would if i could run to some technicolour place then i would if i could learn from my mistakes then i would the lights come back on and what has my imagination done for me lately i sit in this chair concentrating on a crack in the ceiling and thank you, thank you the pressure has been all mine as i wait for my breath to catch up with me if i could see with your eyes then i would you make it look so easy you make me seasick if i could leave here today then i would if i could run then i would if i could learn then i would if i could fly then i would

 I just went on a killing spree. On my balcony. Ants. Ick. I know Ev would have loved the scene - last year he loved joking about me and the can of ant spray in his rents bathroom. Bad jokes about Germans, Bayer products and mass killings. eeeeeek.

 And you know what tops today off? Yeah, just in time, my allergy returned. Yihaa. My face looks ugly. But then, red puffy cheeks are all the rave with swollen eyes, aren't they?

 Even though my grandiose plan of cycling up the urlLink Mt.Ventoux one fine day is still on, I won't go to my spinning class tonight. It just is way too hot. I can't even breathe now, while not moving at all. Plus I have sore legs from yesterday's PUMP class. Yes, excuses, excuses, I know, but really, I'd faint if I moved for 2 hours in tight lycra today.

 Considering how shitty I feel in general today and considering this was the first day in weeks, really, that I cried for real ("real" meaning: not because of Lance wearing the meillot jaune), it's quite impressive how much the phone calls with Ev have helped. I am very impressed by us and how well we communicate these days. By the fact I can finally tell him when things go wrong. By finally feeling that yes, he loves me even when I am curled up in a fetal position and crying and looking shitty and feeling like the greatest loser in the whole wide world. I love him. Very very much. And am very happy that he is in my life. And there to help. Somehow, last year, I never felt good about telling him exactly how I felt. And when I did, he hence didn't take it seriously at all (something which he apologized again today) and never realised how bad I really was. It's different now. Sure, it was not easy to say "I feel that things are getting worse again", but it was far far easier than last year. Not just because we just are generally *better* together these days, but maybe also because he's doing psychiatry. And knows about the medical side, too, and can support me here. I think he worries about me relapsing as much as I do. Relapsing as in being close to suicide again, I mean. I really am scared about a relapse. And I feel it coming on, in a way. I haven't been living healthily lately, really. Being so lonely, I mean. It isn't good, but being around others is harder. Discussing yesterday evening with Dr.K. this morn was good, even though it made me very sad. He thinks (and I have to agree with him, I think), that the fact yesterday evening was good for me, that I impressed people and had an enjoyable evening and heard that I did a good job and received praise was the reason why I needed to bash myself and tell myself I sucked (and am ugly, talk too much, am too loud, too...whatever, the usual) afterwards. Because taking praise is something I can not do. At all. I think it's a preventative measure, actually. Being told I was too loud or whatever else would be even worse than the horrible self-bashing I do to myself instead. I am very bad at taking critique. And even a probably well meant statement that I have worked enough and should someone else do the rest is a big mighty big blow to my ego. Yay. My fragile little ego. In any way, I will need to keep an eye on myself. The last thing I want to do is get back on meds (even though Ev thinks - and is probably right - that the meds I were on weren't a good idea to start with). I felt like a Zombie. Those 8 weeks last week are a daze. I functioned, I wrote exams, I survived, but I really never ever want to feel like that again. Anyway. It's good to have Ev. Good to be able to talk about all this with him, finally. And I know that I can get through this with him, indeed.

 urlLink The Muffintree urlLink FEED ME! urlLink Psssssst! urlLink M urlLink MufFinale

 Gah. Feeling down this morn. Oh, what an entertaining session it will be with Dr.K. I can't wait. Oh Joy. Joy. Not really.

 Was a pretty good evening... The food wasn't spectacular (the Gnocchi just sucked), but the talks were good, and the people interesting. I came home like 20 minutes ago. While I know I impressed a few people, I now feel like I said too much again, tried too hard to profile myself, just tried too hard in general. And that sucks. I hate myself for not being petite and calm and quiet and only talking when asked. I felt like I silenced everyone again. Argh. I need sleep.

 Hmph. I should really jump into the shower to get ready for the PP dinner tonight. Gah, this heat and being awake since 5am have turned me into a tired looking stinky slob. Am quite curious as to what it will be like tonight. At the least I'll get some free food and be annoyed, at best I'll get some free food and some interesting conversation. Let's see whether I can be sparkling tonight. A cooling shower might help. *yawn*

 December 12th 2001. TG flight 920 Arrival Frankfurt: 5:30am

 I am, btw, in a shitty mood, because I woke from a odd but nice cycling dream at 5:20am, because someone was extremely loud outside unloading something. I didn't bother to look, but it was extremely loud and rattling, and lasted for a good 30 minutes. The evil old lady from next balcony screamed at him. Yihaa. I shall call authorities to find out whether someone can actually do that. At that time. Argh.

 I really am sorry for this girl. Not just conceived under the eyes of the world in some backroom of a London Hotel within 5 seconds (or so her biological father claims), urlLink but the poor thing looks just like her urlLink him , too. And that's prolly an even harsher fate then being the product of a not-even-a-one-night-stand. At least he paid her off well.

 "And yet maybe the best thing Armstrong can give us is our naivet back. Maybe we need to believe in this man, that he tells us the truth when he says in his commercial, "What am I on? Im on my bike. " urlLink A clever article on cycling and why Americans can't pay attention yet.

 A little success to warm my gardener's heart: my long neglected cactus of the urlLink Mammillaria nivosa variety has started to bloom! This morn, while watering all other plants on my balcony, I noticed odd little bulps on him (5, to be exact)...and hell, it really are little blossoms. Lovely. I thought he was destined to die and had given up on him, really, because I re-potted him at a bad time for cacti. My cactus and I, we have never been good together, really. I bought him last year, thinking about giving him as a pressie to my much hated ex-best friend T. I didn't give him to her, even a cactus of his size (he was very small last year) would have been too much, and too friendly. So I kept him, never cared about him much, hardly watered him, hardly talked to him. A few weeks ago, when I bought the lavender for my balcony and repotted all plants, including the Gerbera daisies, I thought - what the heck, let's put him into some more soil, give him a bigger pot and keep him outside, in the sun. And hell: he has grown tons since then. He has gotten more "snowy white wool between his tubercles". And now blossoms. He seems to love me. :) The poor chap seems to be a bit confused though: urlLink Mammilliaria Nivosa are supposed to bloom in early spring . *lol*

 I went to the gym, btw, this morn. And was majorly annoyed. Wanted to take the Yoga class at 11am, turned up kinda early but not early enough to hop on a machine (anything under 15 minutes isn't worth it, I think), so I sat and waited and read about heart rate monitors. The previous class went on a little longer, and Surya, the Yoga instructor turned up late, too, - and there was no one else there but me. Which meant that there was no class. Which was annoying. And then Surya annoyed me some more. It's just *not* appropriate for her to use the Gym to sell odd pseudo-medical material through her pyramid scheme thing. It really makes me very uncomfy that she brings that stuff up again and again and I really wonder whether I shouldn't just tell someone at the help desk. And avoid her class. It would be a big loss though. I like the Yoga. Even though Surya sucks as an instructor because she just comes across as someone trying to sell somehing. And just isn't very sympathetic. Hmph. I am usually very assertive and can get rid of people who annoy me, but with someone being in a teaching position (even if it's just Yoga), it just gets migthy uncomfy and I can not say *no* that easily. Aargh. I really was annoyed. Basically hung out at the gym for 45 minutes not doing anything but waiting and being annoyed by the sucky instructor, until she let go off me and I could hurry on the cross trainer (where I burnt a good 500 kcal in 40 minutes at a nice medium heart rate) and then on to the spinning bike for some 25 or so minutes, listening to my old urlLink Nationalgalerie "Indiana" tape, feeling like in 1994 (or 95?). Such good music, that reminded me of being at the pool in B. during Summercamps and of urlLink Thorsten . I really love the Spinning Bikes, these days, btw. Since I found the right adjustment, my bum and privys don't hurt anymore, and goodness, that thing really gives a good workout, even though one apparently moves less than on the cross trainer. I was really just a sweaty heap once I was done, really. Finished up with crunches and some stretching and was a little less annoyed. Even though the "time at the gym" vs. "actual work out" ratio just sucked. In the futuer I should head to the Fitness Mix hour in the morn, and if Yoga is on, do Yoga afterwards. But I will *not* head to the gym just for Yoga. Nope. Nope. Nope. So glad I ended up bringing my shoes this morn. If I hadn't, I couldn't have done anything today. Hmph. I feel good today, bodywise, btw. My arms are starting to look better again. And my bum, too. Am pondering whether I should go to the sucky Bodystyling class by Marcus again tomorrow. A last chance for him maybe? If he does the exact same stuff as the two times before, it might be the last class by him that I go to though. Should prolly give Tina and ring and ask whether she wants to come along. Which I doubt. Enough body-talk though. I should go work on my little new project that is to be revealed soonish.

 Yihaaaaa! It's a Hailstorm in July!

 urlLink ...there's a dark cloud moving in.... (and the thunder is still rolling).

 urlLink Today, I am the lady with the floppy hair. The things that happen when you need to wash your hair with urlLink Pantene Purity Clarifying Shampoo twice a day due to excessive working out on the spinning bike. I know Duncan, Ev's little brother, would die laughing. Last year, we joked about the floppiness of my hair all the bloody time. *sigh* It's a year this week that I took off to Oz.

 The sun is shining yet big mountains of clouds are building up all of a sudden, and I can already hear the rumble of thunder. Yeah! Thunder & Lightning and possibly rain, too! Very odd. The urlLink webcam pic taken 15 minutes ago wouldn't make you expect that. But then, all the clouds are building up over the hills were the cam is located...so.... In any way, I think I should got and get all the stuff from my balcony in.

 urlLink George is dying. :(

 It's rest day at the tour. And I miss my daily dose of cycling. So bear with me as I suffer from withdrawal. urlLink I'd love to do this next year..... just as a warm up to my goal of riding up urlLink Mount Ventoux one fine day. urlLink Surprise, Surprise: I can not afford a tour team! Not even a cute & cheap little domestique (starts at about 50.000$), hell, I can't even afford a heart rate monitor! *lol* Speaking of heart rate monitors: I think I want either the urlLink M52 or the slightly cheaper and more basic (and probably good enough) urlLink M22 by urlLink Polar . Very cute features, btw: "And if being able to see real results isn't enough to keep you inspired, then the Exercise Reminder of the Polar M21 and M22 will automatically remind you three days after your last exercise session with gentle text messages telling you to "Move your body!" or to "Get up and go!". On a general cycling note: The urlLink Coverage of the TdF by the Austin-American Statesman , btw, is really well done, and has great info for cycling newbies. - They explain bike lingo, riding tactics, the tour in general, all as a tribute to their local boy, Lance. Way to go, me thinks, and the only way to really promote cycling in the-non-cycling-interested-US. Quite entertaining and a nice twist is the tour diary by statesman staff member Suzanne Halliburton who's fighting her way covering her first(?) TdF. The usual drama of getting lost, car trouble and frantic cycling fans. And while you follow me through TdF withdrawal, check out the urlLink latest report by Patrick Merle about which three images will be remembered about the Tdf2001. I agree wholeheartedly, and hope that nothing horrible will happen these next few days that might change those three images.

 urlLink Microsoft has realised it: everyone hates Clippy. He got fired. (I, btw, never gave Clippy a chance. Minky the cat sleeps and purrs on my Word Documents instead.) (via urlLink Q )

 urlLink ...what almost every fresh TdF fan has wondered about before....how and when do they...

 urlLink And that's what happens to people with dirty little brains who make the same typos as me. They end up here.

 Don't have much to say about the day, really. It was nice and slow and warm. I slept for a chunk of the afternoon and watched the tour, rather sleepily. It was a nice, if not too exciting stage - urlLink Lance is leading quite comfortably by 5 minutes and coming in at the exact same time as Ullrich. Didn't open the door when Britta rang at my door (and stood in the backyard). I really couldn't be bothered. I just can not stand her at the moment. At all. Should give her a call sometime at the beginning of the week. Just not now. Anyway. The day just passed, and was quite nice the way it was. If slow. Re-opened the boards, and thankfully, postings have been very slow so far, too. Wonder when urlLink Heather will be back, missed her these past few days and hope she had a blast in NYC. Am jealous she prolly got to shoot with James from urlLink Nawa Shibari . Sigh. Oh well. Had a lovely little phoen call with Ev, fresh from Sydney. He seemed very tired and slightly drained for he had soem odd argument with Jill while there, and they didn't resolve it. Gah. Happens with Jill easily, you part in tension and a day and a phone call later, all is well again. Anyway. Ev nonetheless seemed to have had a nice time up there, and felt the usual down thing on return to Melbourne; not because of Melbourne, but because of the nice Sydneysiders. Oh well. Talking was nice, and we still are all sweet and good and happy. My right hip hurts, and I wonder whether it's just from that odd leg lift excercise we did this morn, lying on the step. Hmph. Could be a developing bruise on my hipbone. Which wouldn't be half as bad - proof rather, that I have visible, defined hip bones, *lol*. In general, I really want to keep this working out thing going as intensely as it is. Right now, the defining thought in my head is:"If I don't get my ass into shape now, I never will". I just have this feeling that now is the time, really, to make a change, and to stick with it this time, too. I managed the complete physical overhaul once before, in 1998, but then came my depression and then the meds and that combo made me sluggish and tired and motivationless and loose the nice shoulders that I had. I really have this feeling that I can do this. That I can get fitter and feel better and whatever else. I am in better shape than at the beginning of the year already, and these last few weeks have given me lots. But I want more. I can't get the thought out of my head that I want to try cycling for real. Not race cycling, but just good decent cycling to be fit and get around and be in nature, on a light MTB maybe (not the one that I have, I mean). I think as a first step, I'll try to work lots on the spinning bike at the gym, just to see whether I feel good while cycling lots and using it to get fit. And to see whether my bum can handle it, too. In the past, I really suffered after spinning lessons, but with my increased training and the great instructions by Marcus, my technique has gotten better, my hips are steadier and don't wobble and I hence do not bounce around and bruise myself in areas where brusies hurt. Mom got me urlLink The Lance Armstrong Performance Program and it's a good basic read. If very basic. And the translation just sucks, IMHO. I think I shall use the 7 week program in there as a start and try it out on the spinning bike. Even though that sure means I can not work with distances and gears, but just with resistance, time, heartbeat and cadence. Which reminds me that I need a heart monitor. Have wanted one for years - I know for a fact that I often work with too much pressure. Hmph. I should prolly go and see whether I can find a nice, not too expensive one at the gym. - And should rent some to try out what I need. Anyway. I really want to be serious about this. I need to be serious about it. It's my life, and my body and my health and my wellbeing. Enough dramatic quotes for the day. Time for bed, I think.

 I am in a glorious mood this Sunday. It's 29C. I had a 2h workout at the gym already, and hence feel great (Only mistake I made was having a low fat protein enhanced choc muffin at the gym. It tasted just as you'd imagine it. Ick. I need some real food to get that taste out of my mouth). The tour is on. Ev is back from Sydney. My urlLink imood puts it like this: Your imood Has Been Updated! You are now feeling relaxed.

 urlLink ...and Lance has so many reasons to be happy. :)

 urlLink *sigh* urlLink *sigh* There is still love and romance in this world . :) Congatulations, Grim & Kate!

 Friday, July 06, 200 urlLink "He's been mostly dead all day. But, not quite dead yet."

 urlLink i can never get out of my box. urlLink staring at the sun

 What has happened and is happening in Genoa, btw, leaves me speechless. I am no fan of these kinds of protests, really and find the whole thing behind these kinds of protests - protest against whatever you want to protest against - childish and ridiculous. I do understand and support some of the causes that the peaceful protesters want to shed some light on (debt relief for the third world and all), but really: violence is NEVER a way to bring you point across. Never ever. So while I do not agree with the protests and the violence that accompanied them at all, the death of 23 year old Carlo Guiliani makes me incredible angry. urlLink CNN on the matter: "The Italian Ministry said Giuliani was shot twice in the head in an act of self defence. It promised to release results of an investigation into the killing on Monday. The policeman who shot Guiliani has been charged with homicide. The charge is a preliminary measure under Italian law that will allow prosecutors to investigate and establish the intent of the shooting, Vinci reported. "This is not a murder charge against the policeman, who police say shot the protester in self defence," he said. So I happen to know some criminal law (which is very similar all over continental Europe). And I've seen urlLink this photo here , that shows Guiliani before he was shot (photo via urlLink nonharmful ). So let me share some thoughts here: Self-defense is the defense that is needed to counter the unlawful attack against yourself or someone else. From what it looks like, what Giuliani did was an unlawful attack (for there were no reasons for justification of his attack of the police car with a fire extinguisher), so self-defense against that attack with the fire extinguisher was okay. The action of self-defense (what the police man did), however, needs to be necessary, imperative and knowingly in self-defense. It can only be against the attacker. The action of self-defense also has to be suitable to counter the attack. All self-sefense that can put an end to the attack is suitable. The real question here is: was the action of self-defense in the form that it took place necessary? In theory, you can use any thing you have at hand to counter an attack that you suddenly face. One does not have to take a possibly less effective method (i.e. when I have a knife and my hands, I can use the knife). However, even when I have a gun at hand - just like the policeman had, I can still choose between several options: I can decide: Where do I shoot? In German law, a shot warning shot, followed by a shot in the feet or other extremities is *always* regarded as effective to counter an attack. The shot in the head of an attacker should be the final resort, if all else has failed. It should be ultima ratio . When I now look at that situation, the protestor with the the fire extinguisher, and the policeman with the gun in the armoured vehicle, I just do not see that the policeman used an action of defense that was the least intrusive. Two shots in the head. Why didn't the police maze him? Or if the policeman had to shoot, why not shoot into the legs or arms? Why the head? Twice? Looks like over-reaction to me. And not like self-defense. At all.

 urlLink Caro: Names and Faces and Places. (idea from urlLink nonharmful )

 urlLink Yo-Yo.

 urlLink Imagine it's LoveParade, but no one gives a shit. 300.000 ravers this year in Berlin. About 1/5th of last year's attendees. The only people there seem to be country kids from Saxonia, high on E, wearing their bikini tops and showing off their cheap tattoos & freshly dyed hair, thinking that's what you do in the big city. Time to celebrate, me thinks: Next year, no one will come.

 urlLink Old advice for contemporary dilemmas - urlLink "Now what, really, is love?!" . Some really lovely advice there. (site via urlLink wannabe )

 urlLink Lance in yo-yo! :)

 Haven't had much to blog or write about these past few days, really. Thursday was pretty unexciting, the highlight of the day was the fact I closed down the urlLink Scarleteen Boards (just until Sunday) and that I had a nice big work out at the gym. In honour of Rest Day at the tour, I went to a spinning class, which was great and felt like L'Alpe d'Huez to me. I think I have never sweat that much in my life - big fat drops were rolling down my nose, quite funny. Was very enjoyable, if borderline, really, the air in the smaller room sure sucked. They really need to do something about the air conditioning/ventilation in that room. Yuck. Yesterday was very busy - spend the morn at Planned Parenthood, working on the website (I just need the new photos, and then I am all done with the preliminiary one), and later went out for lunch with Gerhard at the restaurant where we'll have the big Men's party in October. It was surprisingly good & yummy and most definitely good for the two of us. No tension, but interesting chit-chat instead. Not too shabs, me thinks. Talked with the cook, too, who showed us the room and also made us realise that no one had discussed the details of the party and buffet with him till then. How very sucky. In any way, he seemed cooperative enough. At least something. Came home around 4ish, feeling a bit sicklish because of the large lunch and hence did not go to my Yoga class but rather lounged in front of the TV and watched the tour. Was better that way, indeed. :) Slept in today, went shopping, got things from the dry-cleaners and have watched the tour since noon (while painting my toenails in fake rouge-noir), all quite exciting today, indeed. Feel rather tired and loungey, and don't know how I shall spend the rest of the day, really. I might hit the streetparty in front of my house sometime tonight (won't be able to sleep anyway, as loud as they are), but somehow, everyone seems to have left town this weekend. Duh. Might ask Fritz, but I bet he is already busy catching up with his mates. Oh well. If all else fails, I'll just go to bed early and read a little. Got a little pack from the rents today, with the Lance training book (which reminded me that I indeed finally need a heart rate monitor) and some law texts that I need to sort in. Now have six law packs waiting for me. Hmph, that'll take a few hours, I bet. Should prolly get that done tomorrow at the latest. Don't think I'll hit the gym today, a little too warm now; I think I shall go tomorrow morning instead, and do some bodystyling and spend a while on the spinning bike. On a sidenote, it's remarkable, how much time I have to spare, btw, when urlLink the boards are closed. I mean, I do not spend *that* much time there, but it's at least an hour in the morn, really, being busy with the 1324th pregnancy scare and discussing for the 967th time why spermicidal condoms suck. Gah. There are only that many times one can give the exact same adive again and again. "Through repetition the magic will be forced to rise." In any way, almost everyone seems to be suffering from withdrawal, Brianna was looking for some other teen sexuality boards yesterday morn (and we together discovered some urlLink evil urlLink places that make ST look like an inclusive-non-heterosexist-diverse-love-bubble); Beppie was spending time at the urlLink Ms. boards , looking for a kick from the super feminists. I currently use urlLink Bicycling.com's TdF Forum for procastination purposes, and that board sure is entertaining enough. The whole thing there made me realize again what it's like to be a newbie at an UBB - and what it's like to have relatively little knowledge on something, yet lots of opinions to share. Anyway. Off to fully concentrate on the last few km of today's stage. urlLink Lance just took off and left Jan behind....yet again! :) I love the tour.

 I think I am getting old. Getting used to the new layout of urlLink Hotmail is taking some time. Each time the thing pops up in blue, I am confused.

 urlLink Does anyone at Phillip Morris have a brain?

 urlLink Surprised? Not really. Never claimed I was normal. Disorder | Rating Paranoid: Moderate Schizoid: Moderate Schizotypal: Moderate Antisocial: Low Borderline: Low Histrionic: Moderate Narcissistic: Moderate Avoidant: Moderate Dependent: Moderate Obsessive-Compulsive: High Am just a regular lunatic, me thinks. (via urlLink evhead )

 urlLink Go Lance, your son wants to see you in yo-yo! :) Adorable.

 manmade horse ~something for kate~ ask me how i am, ask me how i've been and then stand and watch and hope and wait and with any luck i will be an earthquake and i will clear a space here where you can put pictures and silence and sleep and you can stop asking 'cause you'll be you'll be down in the centre of the earth with me now you see me now you don't bother looking twice i picture myself like a column of smoke and when questioned i see myself riding around forever on a manmade horse and you and you you'll be moving randomly you'll be now you see me now you don't bother looking twice so you can go through a wall keep it secret try not to grow you can't do it you'll be riding around forever

 I feel down today. Just like that. Can't really pinpoint what caused this, but I feel down and am doubting everything again today. And feel like a loser. Not so good. Ev noticed while we were talking via icq and called me, and that was very sweet, even though I hardly talked about what was happening in my head, and when I felt that I could start discussing that, he got tired and had to go to bed. But it really didn't matter much, the call in itself helped, even though I still felt like curling up on my bed afterwards, and almost started to cry because I just needed a hug and being held. I hate myself when I get insecure when he mentiones other girls. I should feel assured and safe and loved. - He has made all that effort to come and see ME after all! I wish I could turn down the voices in my head. I hate myself when I am curled up in fetal position. I am not like that. I don't want to be like that. I want to function well. And be normal and feel good. I watched the urlLink mountain time trial in the afternoon, and that cheered me up a little bit. Lance's performance rocked. I don't know how I will get through tomorrow though: tis a rest day, after all! :) My hunt for the special TdF edition of TOUR magazine was succesful today, finally. It's just 32 pages or so (and much of the info is online somewhere anyway), but still very interesting. And such nice pics, too! Also spent an incredible amount of time in my bathroom in order to relax and make myself smooth and good-smelling. It has worked partly, indeed. But still. Some physical contact would be nice now. Would say so much more than words. *sigh* I haven't mentioned yet, that Cordu's dad died yesterday afternoon. It all came rather suddenly, really, he went back into the clinic last week because he felt weak, and they just found him dead on the floor of his room yesterday. My guess is that he simply had a heart attack. At least he didn't suffocate slowly. Feel very sad for Cordu and her family though. Maybe part of my being down today is my incredible anger towards Fabian. He left Cordu alone and didn't go into the room with her when she said goodbye to her dad. Such a coward. He said he was afraid he'd cry. What bullshit. Oh well. Enough tragic for now. A nice old Buffy episode is on tonight. Looking at David Boreanaz should cheer me up.

 urlLink Oh, what a show! urlLink What a show indeed! I sat here with goosebumps on my arms watching Lance attack Jan. Woah! That's cycling how I like it. Even though I bet the peloton hated the lack of leadership by USPS. Bet after tomorrows time trial and the rest day, they will have forgotten that though....

 you only hide ~something for kate~ so i keep watch and you keep breaking breaking formation to become someone else and your eyes become corridors where i wander with a candle calling out to you and you only hide because you know i'll find you you say you just want to feel the way you used to feel the way you should feel and i wander through the lost city of you and you only hide because you know i'll find you Reminds me very much of what I felt like last year. Just that I was the one hiding, wanting to be found. Sometimes, that is. urlLink Something for Kate has finally put the urlLink lyrics for all their songs back online. And I finally do not just have to guess and make up words from misheard lyrics. :). Joked about just that with Ev today, actually. We chatted on the phone, and it was relationship comfort at it's best. We're so happy and close these days, it's shocking. It's peaceful and comforting. What I miss most at the moment, is surrendering and granting him unlimited access to me. It sounds bizarre, really, saying it that way, but I just miss having someone touch me, for his and my pleasure. I miss being touched, and feeling so good that I can let him touch me whenever he wants it. I miss that the most. My mind is playing weird tricks with me these days because of a lack of touch, I guess. I can't get several scenarios out of my head . What it's like to bury my face between his shoulder and neck and smell him. What having him in my mouth is like. What sleeping next to him is like. What he feels like next to me and what I feel like next to him. I love this man, really. And I would so want to have him here with me right now.

 urlLink No one liked the weather yesterday. Quelle surprise! urlLink ....and Lance's chaps try to keep up the good spirit .

 *yawn* The weekend was nice. If you do not take the weather into consideration, that is. In case you get the posibility to watch today's Tour stage on TV where you are ( urlLink le tour.com has worldwide scedules), use that chance and take a good look at that weather. I felt really sorry for the riders, today was a day when I would have never wanted to be on a bike for 5 hours. No matter what glory would be ahead for me. Standing at the side of the road was icky enough. It was cold. It was wet. It was still funky though, all in all. Saturday, after we had decided that it was way to late to try to get up into the mountains, Dad and I had a good place about 1000m away from the finish line in downtown Colmar, at a double-curve (just as last year), next to nice and friendly people from all over Europe, basically. It rained on and off while the caravane came through, lots of stuff like last year, still funny though. The funky thing was that when the field finally arrived, it was nicely spread out, and we got 25 minutes of arrival action, with urlLink Lance Armstrong and Jan Ullrich both coming in with the pack and a German chap riding for french team Credit Agricole winning the meillot jeune. Great arrival. Once we were home, after some beers and a little rest, Dad and I went out for dinner. Looked at various restaurants but with it being Saturday night, it was pretty hard to find a place somewhere nice. Ended up at one of the more traditional Restaurants on cathedral square, the food was great (far better than the last time I went there), and the wine was, too, and I got all tipsy and hence started smiling at a frat guy sitting two tables away with one of the fraternities elders. They were from the worst fraternity in town, actually, the most conservative, most radical. They wore the traditional cap and band, and talked loudly enough about frat matters to be easily identified. Had a very entertaining time listening to the chat that guy (strawberryblond, from up north) had with the older man from the fraternity. It's all the same bullshit everywhere, really. The same bullshit, indeed. I really am all fraternity damaged ever since having been with Didi and spending time at that one frat place when I started Uni. Wondered whether they would have talked less loudly if they knew I understood all their code words. Gaaah. It still was fun, on the amount of 1998 Ihringer Fohrenberg Weissherbst trocken I had had. Oh well. Dad and I went home, where I made the mistake of going online and reading that one post, and got all angry and agitated, but went to "bed" (on ym air matress, dad got the bed) soon afterwards. Dreamt some bizarre things that circled around having sex with Evan and advice giving on the boards. A later dream circled around my parents, my shrink (whose identity as my shrink wasn't disclosed to my rents of course), and me sitting inside a shop window having dinner and someone in front of the window out to kill me. It was horrid, and sleeping on an inflatable matress really isn't all that relaxing to start with. I have been dreaming odd things lately in general anyway. Lots about Bilstein (and summer camp type places) and looking after people. Wonder where that all comes from. Anyway. Woke up not really refreshed and early this morn, and after a small breakfast here at my place, Dad and I took off to France at around 9:30am or so. Made our way into Fessenheim, a small village near the river rhine (and the lovely location of the Fessenheim nuclear power plant, conveniently located not only on the only almost volcanic active area in Europe, but also closer to more German than French cities) at about 10:30, and realised the caravane was already there (even though it wasn't scheduled until 11:15 or so). So I missed out on getting a yellow bag from Crediz Lyonnaise again. Duh. It was raining quite heavily, and the main street was still quite empty, until a good while later. Stood at a fabulous spot again, with a great view down the main road, and in a slight curve again. Ended up chatting to some people from Canada, and a group of very funky people from Germany who are now headed to Alp 'd Huez (yeah!). Both had a good time, didn't catch anything good from the caravane, but got a cute official T-Shirt from Dad (that will only be worn at the gym though). The tour finally made it's way into Fessenheim at around 12:15 or so, while it was raining cats'n'dogs and the church bells started ringing. Very funky. Even though it was just about 20km from the start, a group of 14 riders were a good deal in the front already. Quite impressive. The peloton was already about a minute behind those first chaps, and it was SUCH a great scene, just like I imagined. A rush of colour, and all these bikes, and US Postal leading the peloton with Lance being right in the front of it all, too. Hope the pics I took did turn out well. Oh, the excitement. It was all over rather quickly though (just as we had imagined), and we left France quickly, went through Breisach, the first place on the German side of the Rhine and had a look at the Cathedral and some cake and coffee somewhere, before we dropped the rental car off and spent the rest of the afternoon at home. It was raining so much by that point that any sort of activity outside would really have sucked, so we watched the tour (by that time, the 14 guys in the front were 30 - THIRTY- minutes in front of the peloton) and I almost fell asleep on my floor, even though the tour footage was very interesting and cool. In the end, O'Grady won the yellow jersey back and got the green one, too (which will, due to the rules, be worn by first runner up, Erik Zabel though). All cool. Even though it sure is bizarre that the teams let a bunch of chaps break away and get a distance of 30 minutes on a basically flat stage in the first week of the tour. I really am a little worried that the teams in the Peloton took it too easily in assuming that those 14 guys in the front won't be able to get through the upcoming mountain stages and the mountain time trial. We will see, we will see. I walked Dad to the train station at around 5ish, and our cool little weekend ended. I hope he enjoyed it, too. :) It really was nice, and next year, we should really go and see one of the mountain stages. We really had a nice father-daughter weekend. Good discussions, two great tour stages, nice food and drink. Now I am all exhausted and tired and freezing and about to head to bed. Prolly after a little eMail to Ev. Will still stay away from the boards, I think though....tomorrow morn with an AAS forum filled to the brim is coming soon enough. Tomorrow shall be spend with Yoga, getting tons of stuff to the laundromat and studying some more. Oh, the excitement of a normal Monday. Off for today.

 My day with my dad in Colmar, however, was fabulous (decided against being on the mountain for logistical reasons). The tour was fun (as expected), despite the rain. And despite a horrible accident that happened at the end of the day when some idiot ran his car into a group of people and injured four. Horrible. Anyway. Looking forward to tomorrow. More rain. More men on bikes. And I will hopefully catch one of the checked red caps that Chochonou throws from the cars in the caravane.

 I had vowed to stay away from the boards for the weekend because my dad is here. I didn't though. I went there for 5 minutes and read just ONE reply, that made me so angry that I wish I had stayed away. Tis the case of the stupid poster. That person SUCKS. That person is RUDE. That person posts misinformation. That person thinks (s)he knows everything better. This person just SUCKS. I hope we can find a reason for a ban. I am fuming, really. FUCKING ANGRY. AAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGH. Get lost, you fucking idiot.

 Then sun! The sun! The sun! Unbelievable. And I will pack my Aussie flag and cheer Stewart O'Grady, too. He's wearing the yellow jersey, after all. :)

 It's raining again........ Off to cheer Lance in the pouring rain! Duh.

 urlLink GoogleZeitgeist - actually pretty interesting.

 urlLink Our former first lady committed suicide last week. And it made everyone I know sad. The odd thing is the media coverage....so very understanding. Everyone blames her disease. Everyone is understanding. No words of shock. No one points a finger on who ever let her alone for 15 months in her house far away from Berlin. All very bizarre.

 Oh the pleasurable pain after a good Pump session. Surprisingly enough, I am only sore in my arms, shoulders and between my shoulder blades. And it feels great. I'll get the adorable shoulders & arms back urlLink that I used to have . The shoulders that Ev well in lust with :). Thankfully, my legs feel ok, so I will, without a doubt, be able to handle spinning tonight, not too shabs. My body, my favourite toy. Off now to watch the urlLink Team Time Trial . I love the tour.

 Had 46 minutes of relationship bliss again. Geez, I like my relationship this way. It's all so good at the moment, really. Had such a nice chat with Ev. It all feels so good really, and I am happy that he is happy and thinks our relationship is a source of strength and happiness for him these days, too. We have perspective. And goodness, that rocks. Not comparable to the bullshit of last year, when everything was simply horrible and I was sick and depressed and we just communicated like hell. I still wonder how we both came out of this together and intact. And I should probably thank "all you need is love", too. Ev started his psychiatry term this Monday, and talking about this, we realised he never knew how sick I was last year - I had never told him about my suicidal ideas from back then until this weekend, really. Very strange. I just hid it all from him, because it was so embarrassing and because I felt like the greatest looser in the world (and still do, sometimes), and felt that he didn't understand the things that I *did* tell him. That probably explains his reaction back then to me going on meds, too, he simply didn't realise how bad it was. And woah, I was very sick. I think he only got a glimpse into what it was all like after I had that major breakdown that one night in Melbourne. It's painful to remember that night, because it's like something someone else experienced, not me. I cried for such a long time that night (and so loudly that his brother woke up and asked Ev to look after me), it all hurt so much, everything hurt so much that night and I just felt like my life ended. I can't remember what happened that night that prompted this. Probably some bullshit about our relationship, crappy sex, not having intimacy, me having to beg to cuddle with me for a minute or two. I don't know. We had lots of issues between each other then, the Jen stuff, the him-avoiding-parts-of-the-city-because-of-her stuff, the bullshit from her friends and whatnot, my depression, the family situation and we simply shouldn't have had any sex back then, it just made it all worse. Oh well. It's strange to look back on all this. So long gone. And goodness, we are so much better as a team now. We really support each other now. And we make each other happy. And that's great, and makes me all sobby and happy. And I think we can handle much more together, too. *sigh* So very good. That much relationship sobbiness for the day. :) I was lazy today, lazier than I should have been, indeed. Studied a little, but definitely not enough. Watched urlLink the tour and tried to find a detailed map of the route (unsuccesfully). Chatted with urlLink Heather and got annoyed by posters at the boards. Went to a Pump session this morning, which was great, Julia held it, and we were just two people and laughed a lot and got a good workout. Went to a Bodystyling class held by Markus again last night, and I think that was the last one, really. It was exactly the same routine as last week. Boring. But what can one expect from a man in a one piece lycra jumpsuit? *lol* Just kidding. I don't know, this class just doesn't make me feel very good and as I was lying there fighting with my leg muscles, I felt hatred for my bod and for me in general coming on, just like last week. And that outweighed the good feeling working out usually gives me. Not too good, I think. I should just go somewhere else instead. This morn, laughing and working out with Julia was such a difference, while I still pushed myself to the edge strenght wise. Hm. In any way, I feel good body wise this week, and think I'll dare to go to a Spinning class tomorrow night. Yay. Haven't done spinning in ages, and some cardio-induced endorphins can only be good for me. - And I don't expect myself to fall from the bike either. That's really all for the mo. I am sitting here in my clean & dad-proofed flat (not that I had much to hide, really), hiding my twice washed sloppy hair under a ridiculous urlLink bandana , waiting for Buffy to start, eating choc mini rusks (my supermarket had them for the first time in ages today). All nice, really. Life can be quite easy sometimes. Indeed.

 While I cry some much less these days then say, a year ago, urlLink this little project still touched me. Simple and to the point. (via urlLink prolific , urlLink inthegray ) i cried last weekend. out of happiness & sadness, while on the phone to my boy. it was because of his voice and feeling close to him, and not feeling the 16.409km that are between us - and above all, it was for knowing that we soon won't be seperated by space anymore. and that we have been through so much, that these few more months won't be that hard to conquer.

 While my much beloved urlLink linniething really works hard to speak and write proper english and actually does about 99.9% of the time, I just died laughing when I discovered the hilarious urlLink Coxford Singlish Dictionary. Lovely. Such a bummer that my trip to Oz (and hence my visit with Lin) this year never materialized. Would have been so lovely to get to use some singlish first hand. And I know, Lin, you'll throw a fit now, because someone actually urlLink wants to protect what you despise so much (at least despise in written form at our boards or at OD), but come on, this is hilarious! (via urlLink wannabe )

 Goodness, I just watched the video to Robbie Willieams new single "Eternity" for the first time. And it's hot Yum. I love Robbie. urlLink Even though he prays to Elvis.

 Yesterday on icq. Lin: lol....anything new with johannes? Caro: Britta decided to not contact him. Lin: ahh....could she pass his number ur way? That's why I love urlLink Lin . *falls into singing "Have I told you lately that I love you"*

 urlLink Shut up, Sunday Times. You suck (and I don't just say that because you won't let me link to the actual article). Yes, professional cycling is doping ridden. And yes, everyone knows that, at least since 1998. Before that, cyclists had used speed to prep themselves for events, from then on, it was EPO, much more effective, far less decetable. But hell, get your hands of Lance. Maybe I am a little delusional here because I like him so much, but really I seriously doubt that he'd ever dope. He has been through too much health wise as that he'd be dumb enough to risk everything - his life, basically, by using EPO. EPO, after all, makes people more prone for thrombosis. The higher your heamatocrit, the thicker your blood. This man is happy, for goodness sake, he has a family, he is alive, he is healthy, he is happy. I believe he would never ever do something that would put all this at risk. He has been through too much for that. Same goes for Jan Ullrich (as much as I don't like him), -or anyone from Team Telekom for that matter. Some people simply have an exceptional body make up that enables them to manage something like pro cycling, like the tour, like surviving cancer. So shut up, Sunday Times and shut up Eurosport. Why do you keep bashing him? No word about British cyclists, no word about Ulrich. It's all Lance-Lance-Lance. His tests are clean, people, so either be as suspicious of EVERY rider in the tour or give it a break and enjoy the tour instead.

 Celeb news for the day: urlLink More specific requests anyone? (via urlLink supermodels ) urlLink This is the end, my only friend, the end. (via urlLink do you feel loved )

 I haven't been at urlLink explodingdog for ages. And oh, how I missed it, in retrospect! urlLink What do you do with a psycho roommate?" urlLink I think my computer is controlling me. urlLink He will fly again. urlLink He deserves happiness. urlLink Awwwww. You send me flowers!

 And now I wish I could go urlLink there .

 Had my first ever real Yoga session under good supervision this morning, and goodness, it was fabulous. I still feel so very *aware* of my body, if that makes any sense at all. Lovely. We were just 3 people, and hence all got lots of attention and correction, and that was great. It was odd to let someone touch me for the first time in ages, and be so close to other people, too (did some partnered excercises) but it felt great and made me realize again how essential touch is to feeling good. In any way, I'll definitely make sure to get to both classes on offer, I really want to keep this up. If one 90 minute session makes me feel like this - what will doing this regularly make me feel like? :)

 urlLink Same person as urlLink yesterday ? Turning to these icky gals for fashion advice?

 I was lazy and busy today at the same time. Spent a big chunck of the day in PJs, read some stuff, decided against the gym because sleeping in was nicer in this shitty, adorably cool weather, chatted to my toyboy (he requested that title) online for a little while which was lovely, watched le tour and finally went along and cleaned my kitchen. Everything in my kitchen. The cupboards and all. And now it's squeaky clean. And I am tired. Tomorrow: Yoga at the gym. Can't wait. I'll try to be more interesting again then, too.

 2 hours on the phone. *sigh* About as good as it gets at the moment. Ev claimed is was the best he's gotten in recent months. Not that that's too difficult considering he has had just as much partnered sex as me since end of January. :) But it was fab, indeed. I can't wait to make things real again. And not just hear them and have them in my head. Promised him that I won't let him out of this flat for two days or two weeks or whatever at least when he arrives. He of course wondered whether I'd feed him during that tiem frame. *lmao* I still can't believe he has forgiven me my lack of feeding him when he first stayed here. We were just to busy doing other things, and Ev was just starved, the poor boy. And back then, I didn't even realize how important it is for him to eat, and to eat plenty. Locking him up for two days....When writing this, I keep imagining how I pick him up in Frankfurt, how we take the train ride home. And yes, what will happen then. *sigh* It'll get real, soon enough. So unbelievable. eeeep. And yes, I will not answer the phone. I will not answer the door. I will not leave the house. I want 2 days in sensory heaven, and I should get them, I think. Oh, the built-up. Great 2 hours today. I really enjoy talking to him. I always have. - If I wouldn't, we wouldn't be together anyway, but these days, it just flows and feels right. And Mr."I-don't-talk-on-the-phone-for-too-long" had more and more things to tell. :) It was just very normal and nice, and we discussed tons of things and joked around and it was just good. He noted how much easier it is to talk with me these days, and how much safer I feel with him and in my skin, too, and I guess he's right. Am so much better than around this time last year. And I don't doubt as much these days. The fact he worked so hard to be able to come over this winter and the fact it's all working out (money, job, whatnot) and just... everything ....It's just all good at the moment. I feel safe, as strange as it is. I feel close to him, too. Must be love, love love..... And this is not just afterglow talk. Don't have much more to tell really. Did some shopping this morn, read a little, defreezed and de-contaminated my fridge (it really was disgusting), because yes, "oops I did it again" - I let the strawberries go rot. - I should simply not buy food that I do not plan to eat or can't make myself eat. It really broke my heart, but these days, I just don't eat much. Oh well. My fridge is now pretty empty and clean. At least something. Watched the prolouge to the TdF, and that was nice enough, even though urlLink Lance only came in as 3rd. At least he came in before Ullrich. Only thing I care about. I know, I am weird for actually caring about pro cycling and enjoying it as a spectator sport. The pic that I paint of myself in these lines must appear very weird as a whole: but really, I am as non-consistent in RealLife, too. So why do I like cycling, this doping ridden sport? Me who really doesn't care about spectator sports anyway. I only care about the Tour anyway. All started last year, with the Tour being in town, and seeing the great spectacle that surrounds it. Two days of cycling madness were enough to infect me with the cycling bug. And now the tour is on again, and near here, and I really don't want to miss it. The caravane, the show, the rush of colour that the peloton is when it passes. What fascinates me about the Tour is the sheer distance. 3.500km. The trips through the Alps. The fact that those people get up every morn to ride their bikes again. The fact it's so extreme. The fact it's just such a big thing. I find the technicality fascinating, too. The amount of research that goes into the preparation, the food, the material everything (in some cases into doping, too). Oh well. I just find it fascinating. And next weekend will be grande. My dad will come down here on Saturday morn, we'll get a rental car and drive into the mountains and go out for a posh dinner in Alsace, too. On Sunday, we'll watch the tour again, before he heads home that afternoon. Nice short trip & father/daughter activity. Should be lots of fun. That's it really for today. Calm. Okay. Only icky thing was that Britta dropped by to annoy the hell out of me. And give me the second negative feedback on the pic on my desktop. I should turn the puter off when someone drops by. She just sucks. And I just do not plan to discuss some things with her. Ever. Like why I like rope bondage. And do not care about her opinion at all. Ick.

 A two hour phone call to Ev, the start of the Tour de France, a defreezed fridge. Is there anything else that I need to be happy on a Saturday? Not really. :)

 Looking at my sitemeter this morn, I realize I should probably review the topics that I talk about in my blog. Type "watch me suck cock" , "bdsm torture" , "stick ticking" or "Britney Spears pepsi ad boots" into your household search engine and woooops - you'll find yourself right here.

 31C at the moment. Despite that, I still went out and moved my bum (and the rest of my bod) at the gym this morning. It wasn't half as bad as on Tuesday, really, I actually think my mood and amount of self-loathing at the gym depends on what I wear, too. Wore tighter shorts today instead of my baggy sweat ones, and that was sure nicer. Not much, but a little at least. Julia held the class, and she's so much better than that Marcus chap who was there on Tuesday. She just motivates better and I felt really good moving myself, even though my huge weak legs still didn't do what I wanted them to do today. Ran into Marcus yesterday afternoon actually, when walking through town with Tina. He asked me whether I was sore. The idiot. Had a good day yesterday, by the way. Tina hopped by really early, we had wanted to go to one of her virology lectures on AIDS together, so before we went out to Uni (only to find out that the movie they wanted to show wasn't there, thing got cancelled until in two weeks time), we did a little shopping trip. Shopped for a bra for Tina, while I tried on one silicone and one air filled wonderbra. And goodness, that was disgusting. Give me one of those in a cup size ot two too small (they either don't make them in 75D or they were sold out, I don't know what would scare me more, the idea that someone thinks someone with 75D would need a gel filled bra or someone walking around with that bra) and my chest looks like straight out of a Russ Meyer movie. I can scare people with those tits then. It was so bad I almost couldn't show Tina. And that means something. Was still fun though. Also looked for some tops, capris and a bikini, and only ended up buying a cheapo top that makes my shoulders look very beautiful. Looking for a Bikini sucked. Finding a bikini bottom is no biggie. Finding a fitting top is the evil bit. And one that doesn't cost 170 DM, please. If that's impossible, I want small tits, instead. Nice super firm perky little things that need a B Cup. *sigh* All the nice things either made my tits look flat or didn't over enough support, and it just sucked. Yes, I know, I am late shopping for a bikini, but STILL! There must be something out there for my tits and me. Oh well. It just sucked, really. And was a major "try to love your bod the way it is" challenge. I pretty much like my bod these days. My belly looks nice. My arms and shoulders do (they look gorgeous in my cheapo new top) too, just my legs don't. They are large, they are muscular, they are weak, and they are the shape they are now, no matter if I weight less or more. In addition, my tits are apparently not conforming to standard sizing. *sigh* Oh well, shouldn't let this get to me too much. I am still losing weight after all without really wanting to. And I erally look pretty good, or at least ok. Drenching myself in self tanner yesterday has improved it all, too. It really makes a difference, quite odd. Have been trying to work out next weekend, i.e. arrange things in regards to my Dad visiting to see the urlLink Tour de France again, just like last year. Is a major issue though, because the rents made plans for Friday, which might mean he wouldn't arrive before Saturday, which means our plan of standing, cheering and photographing somewhere on a mountain top (means the peleton is slower, you get to see the drivers longer, you can cheer more specifically - i.e. the waiting for several hours might pay off more) might not work out after all. The stage on Sunday is flat and boring, really, and I think we should just be outside Colmar somewhere and cheer on a street corner and spend the rest of Sunday doing something else. But well, let's see how that works out. Am so excited really, and can't wait for tomorrow's coverage. Yes, I actually think cycling is a cool sport, despite the obvious doping problems. I really wish Lance Armstrong wins again - if he does it right, he might be wearing the meillot jaune next week already. He rocks so much. But then, this year, Ulrich is in far far better shape than last year, so....and I know, if I wear a "go Lance" shirt, I'll be in the minority, considering that Jan Ulrich is from right here and half his village will make it's way across the border next weekend. Anyway. That much for now. So weird to have a Friday for myself - first time in two months or so, because I am usually at ProFa on Friday. Today is a general day off though for them (office trip). Am off for my weekly appointment with Dr.K in about 90 minutes, wonder whether it will be as funny as last week. Tried to call Ev, but his mom took the call and said he was out watching the footie with Gareth and Kirsty, and that sure is nice. She sounded all relaxed and happy. Good to hear they had a nice holiday. More later.

 urlLink Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow! And next weekend, I will see urlLink stage 7 and urlLink stage 8 and get a little pot of white paint and write urlLink GO LANCE! on a lonely (well not next weekend!) street in the Vosges mountains. eeeep! Oh, the excitement. :) This is the only grand sports event (apart from the urlLink AFL Grand Final, maybe) that I care about, ever since that glorious event last year. Yeah yeah yeah.

 urlLink Cute. Very very cute. (via urlLink nonharmful )

 urlLink Auto-generated poetry from this site. Not too shabs, me thinks. and she gets it up, doing porn movies again this johannes thing on it was a good idea we were only he was on a tv camera. sucks pretty much prefer this summer. being back dinner was my plan of maybe that pic pics i see will probably but I am more than you would be flirting, for him. sometime this flat dark blue violet pink do half a large rubber balls in a little old. room.

 urlLink The Buffy the Vampire Slayer Character selector . Lovely. Am I indeed like Buffy? As annoying and blonde and kick-ass and in love with a vapire? Hey-ho. Far better then being Xander or Anya (my #2 and #3). I would get to make out with Angel. Yum. Being annoying and blonde sure is bearable under this condition, I think. (via urlLink wannabegirl )

 urlLink I'm a babe now. Cute, eh? :) Such a urlLink lovely little project .

 You know bad b-porn is really bad when you fall asleep 15 minutes into it. It was still fun. And worse than I remembered it. But funny. Very very funny.

 "I remembered you on trains so now you are on every train I hear" "old pictures" urlLink ~something for kate~ Last night, sitting on the tram, going home from the gym, I realised how much in this town already reminds me of Ev, and how much I miss him around, how much I wish I could share the everyday things with him. And how excited I am that we will be sharing the everyday stuff at the end of the year. I remember how we talked about all this last year, a few days after I arrived in Melbourne. How strange it was that everything was new for me, everything that was so normal and so full of memories for him. Driving along a certain street meant for him driving past the place where Jen used to work, past his school, past his docs office. For me it meant: driving along a street in Essendon, noticing how different yet familiar things look. Not more. No memories. It was bizarre for him, because everything was fresh and new for me and had no meaning and no memory. He had never realised that it must have been like that for me over here. Sure, today, I have lots of location memories of Melbourne. Tons. I will probably always remember that horrible argument we had walking to the tram through Uni. Sitting at Uni, under this odd roof, I will always remember sitting there with Jill, having Fish'n'chips on the day that the kids went home. Being at the MJG will always be being there for the first time with Grant, having a beer and a nasty & yummy "Four'n Twenty" pie. Collins street will always be work at FAL. Lunch breaks alone or with Shail and Rosemary and Julien. It's strange that I have so many Melbourne memories without Ev. But probably good. That town is mine, at least partly. :) So I realised I see Ev here, so far away from him. So many things here are connected to him. Last night, being on the tram going over the train station, I remembered how I picked him up there that Wednesday night when he returned from Munich. How excited I was to have him back. Dinner was waiting at home. We had a great night, wine, food, great sex. It was so normal, to pick him up at the train station. And I remembered it, and the pain of missing him was all mixed with knowing I will have normalcy in a few months. And it was a strange mix of pain and pleasure and excitement. In my mind, I see pictures as to how we will organise our lives together, and I wonder whether I am any close to what it will really be like. I am so much looking forward to it, I can't tell you. It will be normal. We will both be working. We will go to the gym together. Sleep next to each other. And it will all be good and normal. It will be a test of some sorts, probably, but I can't tell you how much I am looking forward to it. *sigh* During my birthday picknick, looking at the gondola going up the Schauinsland, all I could think about was what happened in there. :) It made me smile. Indeed, I remember Ev on trains. I remember all our trains, I see him sitting in that dark compartment when we first came down to Freiburg this year. I remember him on the ICE to Berlin. I remember him on the train we took last year on our way home from camp, when we had sex, finishing just in time for the conductor to come in. I remember him on the train to the airport. On the train that I hopped on just as he took off with his plane. I remember him when the train stops in Frankfurt at the airport. I remember him on trains. Not only on trains, but on trains nonetheless. I remember him by the little things. Ordering a Schokomouse always makes me think of him. Saying it's a Schokorat does even more so. I miss him so much, I can't tell you. I can't wait to add more memories to all these. And to not miss him for a few weeks. So good to know that this time is coming, indeed.

 urlLink Gentry calls all owners of male dogs to make their dogs wear pants in order to spare her urlLink the view and flopping sound of dog testicles on metro trains. I think she has a point there.

 "I get a Tomb Raider scratch-and-win card, and promise that if I win Angelina Jolie I will make her be my coffee table."

 I have the worst headache imaginable. Argh. Have already popped some Aspirin and have eaten something and had a few litres of water, too, but it hasn't really helped yet. *sigh* Spent the entire morning standing on Freiburg's blue bridge (it's a cycle bridge over some railway lines and one of the main ways of getting into the city from the west if you're not in a car), where we had the photo session for ProFa. The photographer was excellent. Seriously. The Polaroids of the group shoot and of Susan rocked, and the guy really knew what he was doing. Took ages though, 3 hours total or so, for a group pic, pics of all the various teams, and portraits of the main people. And me. *lol* I was the only one from the interns and volunteers to get a portrait. Yeah. Sabine thought it would be nice to have a good pic of the webmistress on the website. Yeah. - And well, the interns leave in the next few weeks. And Gerhard didn't stay around long enough either. Oh well. The sligthly annoying thing was that some people (the same as usual) quite obviously didn't realise that hey, pictures of the team on the website are serious business, and should be presentable. How stupid does it look if everyone is dressed relaxed but tidy and professional, -apart from one of the therapists who is wearing shorts? Goodness. Some of them really think the 70's still aren't over. Oh well. Waiting in the sun, I had a lovely chat with Susi, who is just lovely. Like her very much. Same goes for Anette and Gudrun, with who I get along better now, even though my initial plan of maybe having her as my gyno here in town prolly isn't such a good one. Better not mix a patient-doc relationship into this. And I don't need a new doc that quickly anyway. Someone I hadn't met (and I admit I have forgotten ehr name already) brought her baby - an 8 month year old girl called Ella. It was so super adorable, really. She was on her mom's arm, holding on to her, and you could just see the total trust on Ella's part. Amazing. So utterly amazing. And really, having a child, looking after another human being, is such a big deal. And such a giant responsibility. I so admire our lovely teen moms at Scarleteen. Aria - I think you rock. Anyway. Am really curious as to how the pics will come out. The lighting sure was divine, and the steel construction of the bridge gave an excellent background. Oh, the excitement. In any way, I have a headache now. A bad bad evil headache. *sigh* Should probably try to have a nap, maybe that would help. aaargh. Yesterday was okay, but I just didn't feel like blogging. Didn't have much to say anyway. Studied a little. Did some shopping. Was amused by Slobodan Milosevics appearance at the tribunal; his urlLink "that's your problem" to the reading out of the indictment was hilarious - like an angry child who you've taken all it's toys away from. - He should better get used to the idea that he'll be spending the rest of his life in prison. Went to the Gym yesterday evening, too, and I am starting to feel the results. Had a body-hate day yesterday though, partly because of the Bodystyling class that I took. The class was not too shabs, really , if not very innovative, there were basically all the standard exercises that you can do without equipment (and that I hate so much). My legs just wouldn't participate though; I couldn't even do half of the icky leg lifts that I was supposed to do. My legs are huge. The muscles there are huge, but they still are so fucking weak. I looked at myself in the mirror and just saw flesh. And more flesh. And I just couldn't stand looking at me. It was horrible, really. Better today. Slightly at least. Anyway. Don't have much more to say now. Headache. Duh. The highlight of the day will be tonight's Buffy episode, I assume. And afterwards, watching urlLink "Phatom of lust" . - Just discovered that ProSieben will show the first of Scott's porn movies again tonight as Wednesdays's erotic movie, and that really is a chance that shouldn't be missed, I think. very entertaining. ICQ'ed Steffi those news, too. Bet she'll enjoy it. She never knew about these movies until I told her last week or so. *hehehe* So entertaining. But then, he used to be hot. And if I hadn't been 14, who knows, who knows. But then, probably better that things happened the way they did. I was shocked enough discovering that someone who I had made out with is now doing porn (not that I mind that at all). More later.

 I just finished watching urlLink "Gia" with Angelina Jolie for which I cancelled my gym plans. And goodness, that was a good thing for a TV movie. The story was sad, the film had some very intense scenes. Woah. And above all a urlLink true story , too. In any way, there was pretty good acting (apart from some minor character that were just ridiculous) , nice non straight sex scenes for a TV thing, very 90's angle shooting, but above all Angelina. And goodness this woman is hot. These lips! These tits! These eyes! aaaaaw. :)

 *yawn* Am tired, just like that, in the middle of the day. Oh well. Haven't been too productive, really, as of yet. Went to the farmer's market early this morning and bought some much needed food, even though I really am not exactly hungry these days. Bought some fresh strawberries and kiwis and bananas and all, in the hope that having healthy things around that I like will make me want to eat. If necessary, I will force myself. I am not going to let the strawberries rot again. That was just too disgusting. It's all pretty bizarre, really, this eating thing at the mo. I think I really am losing weight just like that. A little frightening almost. Sure, I go to the gym and all, but *this*? All very odd. Because I do not weight myself, I don't know how much I've lost, but most of my clothes are getting very loose these days, even my usually rather tight Jeans. Hmph. I am definitely not whining about that, but I just wonder whether something other than just eating less, moving more & summer could be behind this sudden change. I actually think it is good I never did end up doing med, really, i read up a little in regards to bruising easily, and what I read sure wasn't good. Team that up, btw, with the weight loss, and you can choose between a diagnosis of various cancers and lupus, among other things. Oh well. We'll see. Because of the bruising, and on Heather's advice, I want to be more diligent in regards to taking my supplements and getting an extra dose of vitamin C and staying hydrated. Because that ruising thing could simply be a sign of a lack of vitamin C, E and K and of being dehydrated. If I don't notice a change in the next two weeks or so, I'll have to go and have it checked out by my doc. Well, what else is there....ah, yes. I went out for coffee with Britta yesterday afternoon, which was just as expected...rather...odd. Or unexciting. Or whatever. Just not the greatest thing in the world. But still okay. Johannes called her again (how shocking!) on Saturday, and she kept the call short and sweet and plans on calling him sometime this week. We had a piece of cake at Kaffeehaus and then went on a little stroll and window shopping tour and it was okay, really. Mostly talked about her. There really isn't anything about me that I want to share with her at the moment anyway. I sound horrible, sorry. I feel a little odd about this Johannes thing, too. I kept bashing him and telling Britta why I think he wouldn't be a good partner for her (too young, too immature, what have you - I really don't think they would be good together); while at the same time, I do think he is a generally nice guy, just not for her. I am not thinking "for me", either; but hey, a 23 year old 2nd semester english/history major who falls to his knees and kisses my feet because I listened to Sisters of Mercy when I was 13, needs some growing up to do, and is not really a guy for Britta, whose wildest CD in her collection is the soundtrack to "City of Angels". Oh, I am evil. I need something to fight all that bitchiness inside me. I bet tonights Pump session will help with this. I realised I let lots of it out urlLink at the boards , too over the past 48 hours or so; which I really simply shouldn't do. But it's pretty hard at the moment, really, when apparently all the kids are sitting at home so bored to death that they feel the need to fake pregnancy scares at online boards. All new users that we seem to get are arrogant, dumb, rude, heterosexist or shallow. Or absolutely condescending in their pseudo-intellectual all knowing views on Polyamory, intergenerational dating or whatever else. Can I scream for a minute, please? Thanks. AAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh! That was relieving. If I get another "what can my boyfriend eat so that his ejaculate tastes better?" "we did xyz - am I now pregnant?" or one more "I am really 13 and pregnant, and sorry for lying earlier" , I will go insane. Promise. Stand by to watch the show. On a happier note, I can't tell you how much my balcony rocks at the mo. My geraniums have almost fully recovered (both are just starting to bloom again),my gerbera is blooming, the odd plant that I don't know the name off is loving it's new pot and I swear has doubled in size since it got the new pot last week and the lobelias and alyssums are absolutely spilling out of their containers. All that nicely set off by the lovely newly painted red and my colourful windbag and what have you. Did a sun salutation again this morn on the balcony, in the sun, and the smell from the alyssum was so intense. It really smells like honey. Unfortunately, the smell attracts an abundance of tiny little flies, too, that really don't harm anyone, but they are still kind of annoying. This morn, at the market, I was determined to not buy any plants, but of course I failed. I bought a lavender, even though the time is actually over for it, I really couldn't help myself. The plant is supposed to last longer anyway, so...I should be fine. It just smelled divine, really, like my grandma. Like holidays in Provence. Whatever. Bought a purty terracotta pot, too, and now I can see it here from my desk and am all happy and content with it. Lovely plant. On a sadder note, I can see over to Fritz's flat from here and know life here in this flat will never be the same. He isn't my neighbiour anymore, at least not full-time. Fritz started his new job in S-town today, 200km away. He'll still keep his flat for a while, he'll in fact be back as soon as next weekend, but life without him as the world's greatest neighbour will be different. Who shall get my spare key now? Who can look after my plants when I am on the road? I really have no idea. He called me last night, to ask me to check his mail every now and then, and sounded all sad and scared. No wonder, he never lived somewhere but here (if you disregard his time in Vienna, but that were only 3 months). He's such as hometown boy, I hope he'll manage to get used to living in S-town. On another note, my plan to go to Erlangen to see Xan and his theatre group perform prolly won't work out. Haven't heard anything from him as of now (and the Premiere should be tomorrow or Wednesday, as far as I know), and to be honest, just don't have the funds for a quickie trip halfway through the country just to see a theatre play either. Bummer. I hope I can somehow get hold of him and get him to visit me here. We shall see. In any way, that much for the mo. Should prolly do some studying now. *sigh*

 Nothing quite like doing the urlLink Sun Salutation on the balcony in the morn. Feeling the sun and the warmth and feeling alive. Lovely.

 Sidenote : Reading Bret Easton Ellis's latest book urlLink "Glamorama" for the second time the other week, has given me this really odd relationship to celeb pics. Almost bizarre. Looking at that pic of Brad Pitt and his much-hated wifey thing sitting at the armani shows in milan at urlLink supermodels are lonelier , I keep thinking: "Yes, using these people as terrorists would be the best. No one would suspect it." My second, more elaborate thought on the same note is: "Maybe these aren't Brad and his annoying wifey thing, maybe this photo is fake, maybe they are actually all high on drugs somewhere hidden away, depositing Prada bags with explosives in the paris metro, unable to get out of the model/actor/VIP terrorist system because they are "everwhere" anyway and no one misses them, because they are on the front of the tabloids." What a damn good book that is, really.

 urlLink Slobodan Milosevic's Indictment .

 Yup, I am still alive, despite this recent absence. Am visiting the parentals, something that feels way to much like trying to get away from life in general and am feeling rather shitty overall. I had somehow hoped I would feel better. But well, I don't. At all. Have been working my little bum off carrying tons of school books and am tired and headachy and pissed off by life and would really love to just give up somehow and not be responsible for anything or anyone, including me. Oh, life. More on the weekend, when I hopefully get some computer time without anyone constantly looking over my shoulder.

 Dracula and a bit of bloodsucking made for a mediocre at best urlLink start of the Buffy season 5 , but demons karaokeing 80's songs made up for that, and were a brilliant urlLink start of season 2 of Angel . No matter what: 'tis good to have my fave shows on schedule again. I need reliability in my life. And well, some food for my vampire fantasies (which I have harboured ever since I read "The little Vampire" by Angela Sommer-Bodenburg -at age 8 or 9). Bite me, David.

 In another effort to lift my mood, I started my search for some more info to prepare my ride up Mont Ventoux late next year. Trying to plan the impossible, basically. Have finally started looking at the logistical side of things (take someone with me? if so, who? stay where? stay how long? - The only thing I am sure about is that I'll go in september, off season, less tourists, less heat) , which shouldn't be underestimated, even though that stuff is marginal if I look at the physical side of things. I have no idea how I can make it. Apart from needing a new bike, I need to loose a good amount of weight (15kgs or whatnot), as there is no way I'll carry all what's on my hips at the moment up on that mountain (or all the mountain's that I'll do in preparation of it). No way at all. I guess it'll all sort itself out over the months as I get into work-out and training mode (and spend all of my free-time on a bike), but right now, it all looks like a mountain even higher than Ventoux itself. The more that I look into all the details of this grandiose plan, the more jittery and frightened I get. I think I have gone insane, plainly speaking. Just take a look at the pictures and reports of people who've already done it, like urlLink Inge Johannessen from Norway , urlLink Toivo Lagerweij and Marjolijn Kieft, two of the makers of eurocols.com (a fab personal site on Cols all over Europe), urlLink Alex, the maker of this excellent dutch website on Ventoux (could someone please translate the entire site for me?) and urlLink Gerry from London . If you still haven't realised what a giant thing that is, check out this great site on the mountain urlLink Mont Ventoux: gant provencal . I am insanely jealous, and insanely motivated, too. And a little shocked: there is ONE thing I am motivated for! But I wonder: Why in all the world do I want to ride THAT mountain? For what purpose? I really am not completely sure. Fighting my demons, I guess. Accomplishing something obvious . Standing above the world. At least, I already have an awful lot of respect for that mountain. Otherwise, this would be even more insane than it is anyway.



 "ask me how i am, ask me how i've been and then stand and watch and hope and wait and with any luck i will be an earthquake and i will clear a space here where you can put pictures and silence and sleep and you can stop asking 'cause you'll be you'll be down in the centre of the earth with me now you see me now you don't bother looking twice" "manmade horse" ~something for kate~

 Some random HarryPotter things, just because I need some cheering up: Ever wondered to which house urlLink the Sorting Hat would put you? You can know now, and this sorting hat is a lot nicer than the one at the urlLink official site . I'm a Hufflepuff, and that's something I can live with pretty well. We can't all be in Gryffindor. ;) (via urlLink Sabrina who not only found her driver's license yesterday, but also discovered she's a Gryffindor - too bad her partner would be a Slytherin. That's indeed rather scary.) The first Harry movie, who will premier in London on Sunday urlLink clocks in at 2 1/2 hours . - Not that I mind. The more film, the better. :) And Kenneth Branagh as Gilderoy Lockhart in movie #2: oh yes, I can imagine that very well! (via urlLink Q who also won't mind 152 minutes of Harry Potter) The only thing I wonder though, is whether the movie Harry won't be too cute. Daniel Radcliffe looks a lot like the Harry on the US cover of the book...and to be honest, I find that appearance way to cute and innocent and simply not fitting for a lonely kid who's lost his parents as a baby, has fought evil several times in his life and manages to get throught the neglect of his foster family almost without emotinal scarring. urlLink I prefer the german drawings on the book cover . Way more realistic, I think, and Harry and his mates have aged a lot better on the covers of the four German books than on the US ones. And well, Harry wears urlLink Doc Marten's in these drawings. And not for sponsorship purposes, but for style. Just 22 days to go.

 Went to see Dr.K this morn, for the first time in 3 weeks. I should have gotten and appointment last week, but had avoided it, and when I finally wanted to call in yesterday to get one, Dr.K had already tried to reach me. It was a good session, I assume, considering that I finally got all that shit that has been bothering me out of my system, even though that meant that as a result, I used up a whole pack of tissues and just cried. Do I feel better now? Not yet. What bothers me a little is that we haven't talked about meds yet, and I really want some loony pills now. - Even if it might be just for the placebo effect. I know all this bullshit can't be blamed on my brain and my neurotransmitters alone, but I am not sure either, whether this is all just the result of some 23 years of being conditioned to make not me, but others happy. I am not convinced that following Dr.K's advice alone would make me feel better at the moment. Deep down inside, I feel that his advice is propably good advice and that the action plan he recommends is a good one; - but right now, I feel like it would only backfire and make things worse, a lot worse. And quite honestly, I already know that all my worst expectations would be fulfilled anyway. I already know what reaction I will get. So do I need the proof? I don't think so. Give me some pills so that I can recover, and once I'm a bit better, I'll get to the root of the problem. Just not right now. And not before Ev arrives. I can't do that. In the meantime: if anyone owns a magical hat that could make me dissappear - urlLink send it over . I need it. My big sunglasses are hardly a subsitute. And to the weather gods: for goodness sake, could you please put an end to this awful heat thing? It's the last day of OCTOBER, for fucking sake. I want a COLD FRONT. Rain. 10C maximum. Come on, it isn't that hard to do.

 Nice prompt from urlLink Heather at urlLink her boards yesterday , after she said that she herself was was "fall colours", and there is no doubt about it, if you have gotten a glimpse at the awesome photo of her rolling in the leaves. So what is my season then? I feel like winter at the moment, and this quite surprises me. In general, I like all seasons. Spring, with its fresh green leafiness and awakening life. Summer with the heat and the full flowery smells, with sun salutations on my balcony in the early morning and late nigths with parties in the outdoors, or just some sitting on the balcony. Autumn with its awesome colours, the smells and the transition of things. Right now, however, I feel like winter, and I want winter. Part of my want and need and love for winters comes from the fact that they are connected with seeing my partner. Being located in the north and southern hemisphere, we can only visit each other in the big summer holidays, abandon summer in our home countries and head into winter. The past three winters, 2 on the nothern, one on the southern hemisphere, were spend together, and now -as winter comes closer- his arrival urlLink comes closer again, too . Another part of it is because summer and warmth seem to be neverending here in my hometown this year. - It's almost November, yet today we have 20, sunshine and bright blue skies, and plainly speaking: I have had enough, more than enough. I want to be able to enjoy tea and cookies, wear big fat jumpers, and not feel the urge to go outside. And a big part of it is that I am going though some rough times emotionally. Spring and Summer are seasons that *want* something from you, that you should spend outside, seasons where you have to be active. Winter lets you hibernate, and be alone, and it's socially tolerated. So give me some winter now. For me, winter is a calm season, a resting season, even though December is often so burstling with energy as people stress themselves through the holiday season. In winter, I slow down, I take stock at the end of the year, reflect on what has been and what could have been and sort myself. I get homey, and enjoy the contrast between the freezing outdoors and my cozy little flat or between hectic late christmas shopping and a cozy cafe (such as Cafe Hardenberg in Berlin) where you spend a few hours with Apfelstrudel and various kinds of coffee with various kinds of alcohol and reflective talks. I need all that locking myself up in winter, the hiding and wearing thick clothes to not let the world get close. I currently long for big fat tutleneck jumpers to hide inside. However, it's a cozy and self-reflective hiding, not a frightened one. After all that being inside, I know I'll get back to my normal (and more active self) with the chance of the new year, with springtime. And well: I like snow. I like clouded over skies and relative warmth that promise snow. I like the calmness that transcends once it snows, I like the way it covers the world, the way it forces people to slow down and how it makes so many happy and wonder (like my partner), at least for a short while. I like sledging, I like sliding on frozen streets. I like how snow makes the countryside look "otherworldly" and gives you the illusion of a brand new untouched world. Sure, I could do without the icky way snow turns once it gets too warm, or just gets old and grey, especially downtown, but honestly, if I get a few days of nice snow and perfectness and the chance to make some snow angels, I can deal with the slush and the overfrozen streets and falling over when stepping outside my door.. I also like the cold, clear skies and frost. I like the crispness in the air on a very cold morning. I'm well aware that it's a luxury, liking the cold, simply because there is no way you can like the cold, if you don't have a nice warm home to come home to (that always seems too warm the minute you come into the door) or decent clothing or warm shoes or someone to be there at night next to you in bed. But thankfully, I have these things. For me, a winter isn't a winter until it's been cold enough to enjoy spiced wine at the christmas market here in hometown, under the lights in the trees, when it gets dark early. I even like the super dark winter days that everyone hates. The picture I have in my head at the moment is of being on the train to Berlin in January this year, of the dead, barren fields of the state of Brandenburg in front of the trainwindow, low hanging greyish clouds, and darknes falling in the middle of the day. It all just looked *right* and the trees white with frost in front of the grey sky where just as pretty as any beach scene in the carribean. Bu alas, my love for winter isn't unlimited. All my loving for winter would end if I had to move to far north Norway: 5 months in almost complete darkness and cold would be too much even for me. I like winter in the dose that I get here, I like it as a transitional state, a time of reflection, not as a constant state of being. For now, can I please ask the weather gods for a cold front? One more day with 20C and I'll feel the need to move into my fridge and make some snowballs out of the ice in my freezer.

 Random bits and pieces: My momentary housewifey-ness reaches new heights as I use 2500 of my dutifully collected urlLink Payback points (the fact that I have collected that many points btw indicates that I shop too much at urlLink dm ) to get a top of the art steam iron which features among other things, a removable calcium carbonate filter. Yay. The makers of urlLink pjur eros bodyglide and the makers of urlLink fun factory toys don't lie when they advise against the use of silicone lubes with silicone toys. I should have trusted their judgement, even though no permanent damage was caused by that chemical reaction on me, nor my gigolo. I just need some decent water based lube, I guess. Want to make me happy? Send me a nice large bottle of urlLink Astroglide ! Sidenote : I still think places like urlLink GoodVibrations and urlLink The Stockroom need a wishlist system like that at urlLink Amazon . Finally received my ordered fitted black fleece top from urlLink Land's End , since the red one I wanted in the first place was way too pink and by no means as fire-engine-red as it looked in the catalogue, and way too large in L, too. Looks lovely now, even though some colour would have been good for my wardrobe, but the shirt is nice and extremely lightweight and thin, but superwarm. Today isn't the greatest day to try on fleece clothing though anyway: It's 20C and super sunny. It's rather shocking how well one can live without eating. Not-eating was never my coping strategy and it never seemed like something I could do, as I was always a stress-eater and indulger, but now that's gone. Food has lost it's appeal, which is a great loss. I try to force myself, but that doesn't work too well, as I start feeling sick way too quickly. All shocking. Need to discuss this with shrink. Have I told you lately that I love you? I think I haven't, my dearest online mates, but I do. I had so many great & rewarding (ouch, icky word alarm!) conversations these past few days, that all made me realize how much I missed you while I was gone from the net. I wish I could indeed come to your wedding, Brianna , and have a cocktail tasting session with the people you listed. I wish I could hang out with you, dearest Kitto on an everyday basis, so that we could de-stress each other when our seperated-at-birth partners, or the world in general, are making the world at bit too stressful. I wish I could pay your for the great work that you do on so many fronts, Heather , so that you could relax some more and do more of the stuff that you enjoy. Linnie , I wish I could give you the time out you need (and which you hopefully may get now that the semester is over) and make things good for you. I've missed you so much while you were busy and wasn't there for so many things. So make sure you let me know if there is anything I can do for you. Gummy , I wish you peace of mind, and that all things sort themselves out, somehow. Danny & Bep - not much that I wish in connection to you, simply because I know that we will catch up very very soon in Amsterdam. Am very much looking forward to that, believe me! Great that you're all there. A belated welcome to the new add-ons to my sidebar: urlLink Mary at Halfmadspinster.com , who wrote in her diary a while back that she found my writing interesting, despite my self-labeling as "blonde and busty" :) and herself writes with great insight about things from dressing up as a jellyfish at a Halloween party to writing mottos on the wall. "Abandon Mediocrity" - I should try to live up to that motto myself. - And writing it on a wall seems like a good way to remember it. A warm welcome to my dear urlLink Scarleteen mate urlLink Beppie , who was finally talked into the online writing thing by some chap close to her heart, and has some excellent observations on US politics already. Last but not least, a welcome to urlLink Sabrina aka "DarlingBri" , friend of urlLink Heather , an ex-pat living in the UK who runs urlLink SatinSlippers and is also a soon to be fellow advocate (if she finds her passport, that is), who masterly writes about things ranging from gender and peeing to the connection between sex and a clean household and reclaiming words. Great stuff. Some recent bouts of insanity and dumbness at urlLink Scarleteen have taken their toll on me: my tolerance level to some kinds of question is rather low these days, and I guess I need to watch my tone a little. Oh dear. Will pass, these phases of fed-upness happen in regular waves. That much randomness for now. More soon.

 urlLink the final countdown.

 I have walked my urlLink Mexx shoes to shreds. They were never my favourite shoes, as they were always just too...plain (and significantly less in use ever since the arrival of my beloved urlLink campers ), but they were good, trusty companions for the past 16 months. They walked through Melbourne, Sydney, Singapore Airport, Berlin, Basel, Unitown and Hometown and tons of other places with me. They were taken off and left alone for a little while on Manly Beach, they took me through museums and exhibitions and shops and supermarkets and to shrink appointments. They walked with me through Uni, spend days at work at the law firm on Collins St, I wore them to nights out on the town, to my volunteer job at urlLink Profa , to a urlLink Gomez & urlLink Alex Lloyd concert. They almost went on TV, but even back then the show's stylist deemed them too boring and plain, and I got to wear the stylist's very own super-hot high urlLink JOOP! boots, which were so awesome (and worth maybe 6 times what the Mexx shoes were worth), that I almost walked out with them. But still. They were nice shoes, my plain black stretchy squarey Mexx ones. And now they are as good as dead, make a squeaky sound when you walk in them because their rubber soles, which used to have little squares on them, are walked through and have broken up, all of a sudden. I'll have to throw them away sooner or later. But at least I now have a damn good reason to go out and spend some money on some new shoes. And that's never bad. :)

 I sometimes forget how strongly some of my memories are connected to my sense of smell. The worship in my private temple (aka "the bathroom") tonight reminded me though. Using up some leftover Neutrogena Deep Clean Cream Wash that I had found in my bathroom cabinet (it's the kind of place where such a huge tub can get lost) my mind transferred me into Ev's shower on a weekday morning, to being in there right after Gareth was out of there, trying to hurry up just so that everyone else could get going, too. I remembered what mornings were like over there, how Ev and I would have breakfast together, silent, sharing the paper. Right now, I smell like Shiseido Energizing Fragance, also stuff I hadn't used in months, and which reminds me of Singapore Airport, on my way to Australia. It was 6am or so, hardly anyone was there, and I stood in one of the bathrooms and tried to wash the flight from Frankfurt out of my face, tried to feel more awake an used that fragance. Sounds all rather profane, I know, memories being connected to smells of beauty products. - But then it's practical, too: On nights when I go out (alone, knowing I'll have to face the horrid world of coupledom), and want to feel close to my toyboy, I just use Jean Paul Gaultier's "Le Male", and his smell surrounds me for the evening. Ev doesn't use it every day....just on special occasions, so I smell like he does on a weekend night, ready to go out, it's a smell that -when he wears it- makes me want to crawl into him and stay with my face on his neck non-stop. *sigh* It's just like that with smells of places, even though these obviously can't be recreated as easily as by getting out a bottle of perfume or using a certain body lotion. Oddly enough, Ev told me today that when he imagined being here, he thought about me in my tiny little flat and had my flat's distinctive smell in his nose, too. - And he's right, my flat has its own smell, and when I come into the door, it smells like home. One place I'll always remember for it's smell is the castle where I spend so many of my summers as a teen. That old building has a unique smell that I've never ever smelled anywhere else. - As soon as I enter the courtyard, it's there. I don't know where exactly that smell comes from. It's a very humid smell in a way, maybe caused by the significantly lower temperature in the courtyard and even more so in the building even in the midst of summer. It's maybe the plants there, too. Or whatever else, I don't know. But I know that sitting in that courtyard, no matter at what time of the year or what time of the day or night, the place is filled with memories, that come flooding to me, even just by the smell. I remember lots of nights spend up on that stairway in the courtyard, being overly tired and full of emotions or having a few beers and fun, I remember Stephan up there, maybe because of that photo taken up there, one of the few I have of him, which shows him the way he was - smiling. I remember Thorsten, and all the fights we had up there as well as those first exciting kisses, that were free of the anger towards each other that we'd have between us later. I am actually happy that that smell can't be reproduced too easily, happy that I don't really have to fear I'll enter a building over here that will remind me of the castle. - Would be a bit much. I want to choose when to remember all these things. But well, these things are all marginal, really. - The best, and most unique smell that I know and that gives me the best feeling in the whole world is that of my boy himself, without JPG's help. The smell that surrounds him when I wake up next to him, the smell of his hair and his skin, what I smell when I am close to him, when I press my nose into the side of his neck. And smelling him, and feeling him, well that leaves me speechless, and happy, and in awe. *sigh*

 Had my "chartartic quaterly cleansing madness" today. - Am exhausted now, and jittery, because I haven't eaten enough today; - but also content. Nothing is sticky anymore, all is shiny, and the before and after of my shower would have been worthy of a "Quick'n Brite" infomercial. Yesterday, I already cleaned up my computer (followed some advice from CHIP magazine: 50 ways to make Windows run faster - and boy, it worked wonders), deleted a ton of programmes and files that I didn't need anymore. Nothing like a fast and clean computer to make me happy. So today, I did the other stuff, even made a tiny little bit of room in my tiny little bathroom cabinet. - Not that I know how I am going to make enough room in there (or my wardrobe for that matter) so that Ev can feel at home here in less than 6 weeks. Looks like I might have to put some stuff into the cellar. Which looks horrid, by the way. Oh. More cleaning up and throwing out to do before I can put anything down there and expect it to be usable once I bring it into my flat again. I really am not a slob cleansing or tidying up wise (and my days as a clinical "messy" are over, too), but this big cleaning session today was really long overdue. The discouraging thing with cleaning this flat is that it's got a dust problem. A serious dust problem. I blame it on the wall-to-wall carpeting that I bought a little bit too cheaply and the not strong enough vaccum cleaner that I call my own - and this is an old building, too. Oh well. I am so desperate dust-wise, that I even looked at urlLink Martha Stewart for advice (which she didn't have) and am close to buying (or getting as a present) this big way too housewifey-book on housekeeping by Cheryl Mendelson called Home Comforts: The Art & Science of Keeping House ....but it might be worth a try. And hey, I am the perfect person for episodal obsessive compulsive cleaning of things that you never knew needed cleaning. I have the perfect psychological make-up for that. For the moment, and for lack of a perfect dust killing method, I went berserk with the "Clean & Dust" spray and a microfiber towel, and for the next two days, it's gonna be ok. Or so I hope. In any way, my mind is organised now, thanks to all that polishing and washing and dusting, and I'm about to jump into the super-clean shower now to make my body clean and smooth and soft, too. Life can be easy on days like these, when I don't have to think too much.

 Just had 90 minutes of relationship bliss and sweetness and honesty on the phone. Do I need anything else for a good start into Sunday? Not really. The only thing that could have been better would have been if he would have been talking into my ear while being right next to me. *sigh*

 eMail this morn, after a message on my answering machine yesterday: "Are you impressed? I didn't forget your phone number AND guessed that you were in unitown. Not bad, eh? Maybe there's still hope for me." One of the reasons why I love the boy. Evil and doubting as I am, I had indeed started to wonder about the phone number thing (even though I guess it would be almost excusable, just one more time, considering how often I get a new one).

 How in all the world did I manage to forget about urlLink THIS ?! Oh, the excitement! Looks like a good route. - For me, it's gonna be Day 14 and 15, Mount Ventoux (!!), and Les Deux-Alpes (!!), and Day 18 and 19 (final time trial!), as those two stages are reasonably close to here. I get all jittery just thinking about it: Will I take my bike to Mount Ventoux? Just to say Hi for a first time and to see what I have gotten myself into here? Will I still want to ride up there next autumn when I know what it's like? I am not sure. But well, fresh paint with cheers will make riding up easier for me, too, even a few months after the tour. :) Something to look forward to.

 urlLink The best is yet to come, eh? Am watching it with suspicion (being free and from the net and whatnot), but it's still curious enough. I shall see.

 Thanks urlLink Roel. You made me dance through my flat, happily, tonight, after I could finally convince my ISP to let me online long enough to download urlLink the song . What have I done to deserve this? :)

 I have developed an aural fixation. It's the voice of german actor urlLink Ben Becker . Blame it on my watching of urlLink Frau2 sucht HappyEnd twice within one weekend; a movie in which he not only sings (in an effort to promote his own band) but plays a radio dj, and hence with lots of voice fixated things: voice overs, close ups of his mouth close to a mic, slow cigarette lighting.... Blame it on me buying the CD from the movie, featuring two of his songs, and skits from the film, including that awesome first sequence when Becker introduces Tim Hardin's "How can we hang on to a dream", denouncing love. So Beckers voice, yes. It's very deep. Husky. Used. That voice would make one certain spot next to my spine tickle if someone spoke close to my ear, better yet whispered or commanded with it, would make me fluttery in the stomach and weak in my knees. It's a very powerful voice, very physical in a way, connected with his weird rough looks as a strawberry blonde and his "evil chap" attitude. It's a voice for nighttime, for darkness, for intimacy. Becker doesn't sing, rather speak to an acid-jazz-type music with heavy guitars added into it, with poetic words, some of them invented and changed, yet overly suitable. It's nighttime music, driving music, or music in which dramatic things would happen. And it just hits me completely, the intensity of that music and that voice. Rough and tough and a bit rude, yet sensible - and above all: wanting. His voice transfers all of it. I swear. I guess I am just a bit vulnerable to aural fixation because having some private and intense and wanting and urgent words being spoken close to my ear would open up a lot inside me. Maybe even awake my dead libido? So excuse me why I am off to listen to "Engel wie wir" on repeat and at top volume. I wish I had some good headphones just so that I could indulge more privately, with that voice closer to my ear. *sigh*

 urlLink What's your Peanuts personality? Apparently Linus. Sensitive, wanting stability and clinging on to a blanket. Yeah. (via urlLink wannabe )

 ...just put your mouth close to my ear tell me what i want to hear whisper me one alibi for i appreciate a good lie.... ~cam-era~ "comfort to the moon"

 urlLink Does someone love me? Almost looks like it. Whoever that was, thank you for making my day when I checked my sitemeter. If you did that in an effort to cheer me up: Congrats, it has worked a tiny little bit. :)

 Back. Still in not so good shape. Stayed a day longer, simply because I didn't feel well enough to face the world alone again. Which was not such a good idea, as it raised suspicion about the state of my mental health in my parents, and -not surprisingly- didn't make me feel any better. One more "Are you sure everything is ok?" and I'll freak. I hate their speechlessness. One real caring question would be ok. But all this not-saying things and hinting-at-but-not-saying-it-alound gets to me. But then, I am just complicated at the moment anyway. Haven't talked to Ev since Saturday, and got a small eMail on Monday. Tried to call him on Tuesday, reached his sis as he wasn't home, called again a bit later, reached no-one, and then gave up. Its hard to describe it, but I felt like such a hassle. The usual is this: I call him, we talk, I tell him how shitty I feel, he trys to lift my mood. I feel like such a burden for him. I'm always sad and needy and looking for him to make me better, I feel bad because he's the only one who really knows what's going on inside my head. It all just sucks. And then, I also wonder. He knows I called. He knows these are tough weeks for me. So why in all the world doesn't he make an effort to let me know he is there? Why no calls, why no eMails, why nothing? If he cared for me, wouldn't he do something ? I know I am unfair here, and aggressive, too and a part of me knows that he is busy, and that there are probably good reasons why he hasn't got a chance to contact me, and that he cares for me (otherwise, he wouldn't have made the effort of getting the money to come here)...but still. The discontent and the fear (I am not lovable, he doesn't want me, especially not in the shitty state I am in at the moment) are there. they are joined by other worries...why doesn't he ask my opinion about future decisions? Why isn't he there for me, isn't that what relationships are all about, being there for someone? Why doesn't he read this, other people read their partners blogs and journals online, too, doesn't he care to know what I think? All these are louder than that voice of reason inside my head. Right now, I just cannot be bothered to contact him. I know it would be the usual conversation, I would tell him that nothing is better, would feel needy and bad. He'd feel helpless and maybe say the same not-so-clever thing as Saturday ( "Wouldn't you be better off with someone closer to you?" ). Afterwards, I'd just sit here and be more sad. Not surprising that I want to avoid that, eh? So I don't call him, which feels like the total annihilation of our relationship, like declaring that it doesn't work after all, that we should give up trying, because it just isn't right and will never be right, like we should simply save the time and money and effort and do something else. He should go and find another partner, get back with Jen, have an affair with that other german Caro that's currently jumping around in Melbourne, just do as he pleases, - he'd be freed from the burden that I am for him, that sad needy thing at the other end of the phone line so far away. The one who isn't the way that he knows her to be. I am so scared that I won't be back on track before he arrives in a meagre 48 days. The last time we met when I was at my lowest was just so bad. Sure, there were other things making it all harder for us, like the living situation and Jen, and whatever else, but still. We didn't work while I was on loony pills, I was so zonked out of everything. Our sex life sucked big time. All was evil. If someone would force me to relive some of those weeks, I would choose almost anything over that. There wasn't an us in those weeks. I try to stand back and distance myself from all this. I know all of this isn't me. These bizarre thougths. I am not like this. This isn't me thinking or me talking. Or me that's making me cry here. I try to see that it's this fucking imbalance of whatever combination of neurotransmitters in my brain, teamed up with all the insecurities and fear that I learned in the past 23 years. And boy, they are having a great big party together up there in my head. I try to remind myself that there's a real me, somewhere, that I can get it back, that I can be happy again, and have pleasure from good things and study and be normal and function, for goodness sake. That's really all I want. To function. To think clearly and be able to decide things and be a pleasure to have around. Right now, I can't seem to remember what I, what my real personality, is really like. I can't seem to remember whether I was ever happy, or whether that huge smile has always been fake. It feels like that now. I can't even look at my face. It seems so out of sync, like someone made a puzzle from a picture but put it back together in the wrong way. I want my life, my personality, my self back.

 Watched urlLink Frau2 sucht HappyEnd tonight. The movie before whose premiere in Cologne Ev and the team from Sat1's "all you need is love" surprised me. - The movie Ev and I hence never got to see, because we were hardly in the mood for watching a movie premiere after not-having-seen-each-other-for-a-good-4-months, and evil.people-with-cameras, and four-takes-of-first-time-seeing-again and well, there were TV rights to be signed off. The usual, you know? ;) Somehow we never got to see it while he was here either, - even though I wanted to, wanted to see that Berlin movie in Berlin and all. - But well, my desire to not force my boytoy into something he thought he would hate was bigger though. I love this chap, after all. - And hey, his desire was founded. The "all you need is love" people, as lovely as they were, made Ricky Martin's "Private emotion" the background music to our hug-and-kissing-scene-in-the-cinema, and well, I wasn't wuite sure whether I could trust these people with the selection of a movie after that. I had postponed watching it alone, too, just because it is "THE" movie. Even yesterday, at the videostore, I pondered whether I wanted to see it, - see it alone, I mean. I also wondered whether it would just be dissapointing and badly made and sickingly sweet or whatnot...Didn't want to destroy any secret fantasy of mine. But I was surprised. It was a decent movie. Real. Made you want to move to Berlin this very moment, made you want to fall in love. Made you long for good music and a soul mate. The moviemakers quite obviously weren't so sure as to how people meet and don't meet online, and how chatting and things work, but well, I forgive them, smply because the cut and the music were too good. *sigh* Want to see it again. With my boytoy next time, I think. Want the soundtrack, too. The more I think about it, the more I am actually happy Ev and I didn't see it, back in January, in the first days after his arrival, after that big surprise on TV thing. It wouldn't have been too good for us, I guess. We didn't work those fist few days. A movie like that would have made matters worse. But next time he's here...hmmm....I think he will have to be gently persuaded (with all necessary means) to watch it. It's lovely.

 Am getting through the weekend. "You'd be better off with someone who was closer to you."

 Realisation on this Saturday morning : Suffering from a fair deal of early morning insomnia isn't all that bad in these wartime days: there are always apparent "breaking news" to wake up to. Unfortunately, my list of duties for the day is almost completely crossed off already - I wish I had a room to clean up and lots of stuff to throw out, I just think that would be a very good thing for my soul. Cleansing. Or whatever. In any way: I am getting through somehow. Even though even the cat doesn't want to communicate with me.

 Oh, and another side note: The money I am carrying home from the shop tonight would be enough to convince Singapore Airlines at Frankfurt Airport to get me on a fligth to Melbourne (or many other places, I might add) immediately. Hmmmmmmm. Too bad that I will need my family for the rest of my life. Otherwise, I would be very tempted to run off.

 As a side note: Nothing from Ev since Tuesday, which makes me wonder a bit, but not overly so. I bet he is just usy. Wanted to call him today, but once cats, parents, house, clients, food and Ikea were taken care off, our "window of calling opportunity" has closed. Oy. Need some loving.

 So far: relatively ok. As okay as anything can be these days, I guess. Spend close to 2 hours soaking in various kinds of jot bubbly or oily water last night, after a boring/stressful train ride which took more than 90 minutes longer than appreciated because someone jumped in front of a train in Bonn main station, read more in the depression book (found things I disagreee with, which is good, at least my judgement isn't totally blinded), my mobile died (and i wonder whether the people from toolsandtoys will be able to contact me now and let me know my order has arrives) and my rents were a bit stressing. Dropped them off at the train station this morn and told to not dare to come home if they didn't ride a gondola, they have since arrived in Venice and now I got a house and two cats and a bookshop and two cars for myself, and wonder how I shall spend my time in such a way that I won't go insane. Note on family dynamics: catfood was in stock, but no food for me. My first effort at staying sane this morn was a shopping trip to Ikea, during which I aquired orange, red & pink psychedelic sheets, a striped pillow in a similar colour scheme and that addictive swedish chocolat cake. It helped little. At least I now have new sheets. In any way, I am here, and alive, and even if early morning insomnia rears her ugly head at me again tonight, I know I have something to do during the day tomorrow: money counting in the shop in the early afternoon, and helping Fabian with his application for a new jb which shall pay him even more. Oh, I am such a useful little member of this family. More soon.

 My train home leave in just about 40 minutes, and I am still as unexcited about it as yesterday. Just hopped in at Profa to see whether everyone had recovered from the party and which work would be next on my schedule. Talking to Sabine, I noticed how off my responses are this morning. I feel like there is just a tiny little layer of presonality protecting me from being the little heap of sadness that I was yesterday. Oh well. Maybe that extra layer of Make-up on my face, MAC lipstick in Verve and my big glasses will help me keep the world away from me during the train ride so that I don't have to work on keeping that appearance up. Tonight, I feel like lying in hot water for an hour and looking after nothing but my outer shell. If no one gives me the feeling of being looked after, I need to provide myself with some good loving vibes. Hand me the aromatherapy bath stuff. Will post over the weekend, if a little less, simply because I have to drive into shoptown to have some net. You all have a good one. *huggles* Leaving you with another quote from Andrew Solomon's book, on how depression starts: "The first thing that goes is happiness. You cannot gain pleasure from anything. That's famously the cardinal symptom for major depression. But soon other emotions follow happiness into oblivion: sadness as you had known it, the sadness that seemed to have led you here; your sense of humor; your belief in and capacity for love. Your mind is leeched until you seem dim-witted even to yourself. If your hair has always been thin, it seems thinner; if you have always had bad skin, it gets worse. You smell sour even to yourself. You lose the ability to trust anyone, to be touched, to grieve. Eventually, you are simply absent from yourself."

 So. A bit better today. Codula, my new neighbour, and her friend Dustin hopped over yesterday, after I had a semi-relieving shower in the dark. I was already in PJs and hardly cared about being so slobby. Is that a good sign (aka i think people might like me in checked pants and astriped jumper) or a bad sign (aka i don't care about anything these days)? I don't know. Far more akward was the kicking in of my nawa shibari screensaver. I might wear my depression on my sleeve by being a slob, but my interest in bondage towards people I hardly know? Hmmmm...not really. Anyway, I hope they had a good chat about my screensaver. *lol*

 I've been feeling something creeping up all day. And now it's here, sitting between my shoulder blades making me cramp up, and in the back of my throat bringing me on the dge of throwing up and/or crying. Caused by the content of what I am reading or the simple fact I am unable to find a comfy position to do so, yet having to read on, I really don't know. Maybe it's just that I've been trying very hard to be upbeat and ok since Sunday, or because Ev didn't reply to yesterdays funny and lighthearted eMail confession, or because avoiding people gets so awfully hard after a while. I so wish I could reach out, but that would mean I'd have lots of explanations to do, as to why I've been so odd these past, well, months. And I just can't. At all. And I don't really want to, either. I'd want calming, loving company without having to give explanations, oh, and without expectations, too. But well, people do not work that way. So I really shouldn't expect that. Being such a shitty friend, not being there for others, for fucking sake not being able to answer the phone or call someone back, how can I expect anyone to be there for me? I know going to the parentals to look after the house and cats is the worst I can do now, simply because I am escaping my real life, which (if I had one, that is) would be located here and know that I will (when not looking after the bookshop) spend the weekend predominantly alone and thinking. Which really isn't a good thing to do for me at the moment, at all. At least I'll have two days of real human contact, too. At least something. I really need help. Better help than I am getting now.

 This is as good as i had hoped (and read everywhere) it would. Am reading slowly, far far slower than usual and literally absorbing this thing, already knowing I will have to read it again. Already shouting that this is a true revelation would be too soon, but Solomon surely knows what he is talking about and a genius at expressing it. And he has gotten me thinking already. And scared, too. I hope Ev will read this. It might help him understand.

 Thanks for not being scared of Anthrax, postman.

 urlLink The Truth is up there . So how much would your UFO film get you? I'm at 17.141$ so far, not too shabs, me thinks. urlLink Travis should have used this lovely little timewaster to promote their single "Side". (via urlLink wannabe )

 "Out with these clean-scrubbed, homogenized folks. Bring on the lithe, gangly-limbed, pale-faced, scruffy-haired, big-eyed, wide-lipped, strutting, slouching boys. They often seem to hail from England or Ireland, but that isn't a qualification, though the accent sure doesn't hurt. Bring me the boys who are rough around the edges, but sweet as sugar inside, the boys who paint or play guitar or write with a powerful voice but speak low and softly. Hand over those luscious specimens who are almost what'd be called "pretty boys," if they shaved a little more often, or cut their hair now and then, or didn't know they were bloody perfect in all their gorgeous disorder. Bring me these boys first thing in the morning, when they wake, their eyes full of sleep and their hair a rat's nest. Bring them before they've showered, not after. Bring them with holes in the knees of their jeans and sweaters from the Salvation Army. Bring them to me when they smell a little like last night's beer or tobacco, a little hungover and a little dazed. Always keep them a little hungry, a little seeking, a little dissatisfied, a little restless. Let them stay both innocent and cynical; idealistic but impatient. And deliver them all to me. I'll take VERY good care of them, I promise." urlLink Heather has a certain thing for scrawny boys. And oh, I can relate. Read Sunday's entry while it lasts, folks. It's lovely.

 oh! oh! oh! The excitement! Amazon.de just informed me that they finally send off urlLink The Noonday Demon:an Atlas of Depression by Andrew Solomon for me. Yay. Oh, I love amazon. From the little "Hello Caro, we got recommendations for you" (which -as urlLink Shauny noted a few months ago, does have a certain ring to it) to the fact they put that old voucher I had back to life again....oh. oh oh. ah...aaaaaaaaamazon. Now, Mr.Postman, don't let the Anthrax scares keep you from bringing me my book tomorrow! Please!

 urlLink Everything you need for your unconventional and useful nativity scene for under your Christmas tree. (thanks, urlLink aria you're killing me. And I gotta let you know how much I enjoy talking to you. You rock, gal. Very much!)

 The parentals are getting romantic in their old days: A weekend in Venice, in late October when things are getting nice and morbid and wintery... urlLink a decent hotel , a little gondola ride..... *aaah* :) Happy for them, really.

 I have to justify why I downloaded an mp3 last night. Saturday a week ago, while at home, I was on my way to my mom's bookshop in home town, driving in her car, Cecil, and as usually listening to urlLink BFBS - British Forces Broadcasting Service, the radio service for the british soldiers stationed in Germany. Tis the best radio station up there, best DJs, best music, and hell, the best thing are their traffic reports: I just LOVE to hear bizarre german autobahn exit names when said by a reporter who doesn't speak german and has a nice thick engish/welsh/irish accent. So adorable. If one thing makes me smile in the morn, it's the traffic report. In any way, this was Saturday afternoon, and their "Calling Oman" show was on, basically a show with dedications and songs for those serving in exercise "Saif Sareea" in Oman. Usually, the DJ just reads the (often cryptic, often lovey-dovey) dedications out, but that Saturday, the chap doing the show was reporting live from the family center on one of the bases here in Germany, at a get together of the soldier's families, and the relatives were apparently handing round the mic and saying the dedications themselves. And boy, was that moving. I sat in my car and listened to wifes trying to sound alright and composed saying "I love you and miss you" to their hubbies sitting somewhere in the desert in Oman - but you could hear they were close to tears. There were very small kids saying their "Hi Daddy! Luv'ya, come back soon!" and young kids too shy to say anything and babies screaming in the background. For me, in an odd way, that all got to me. It was all a bit much somehow. I am not a military person, I do not support those air strikes (but don't have any great idea for a non-military solution either) and understand that some people decide for the military as a job. Those husbands and fathers and mothers are there in Oman to simply do their job and they have to carry the risks, yet I couldn't rid myself of knowing that when those men and women left for Oman at the end of August, they didn't know that this wouldn't be a reguar long planned exercise but that they would suddenly find themselves rather close to a major hot spot. - Neither did their families. I sat in my car and felt with those families just like I felt for those families whose loved ones died in the World Trade Centers, the Pentagon and the plane crash in Pennsylvania, walking through NY putting up posters hoping that their mother, father, brother, daughter, lover was amnesiac and somewhere in a hopsital - as long as they were alive. I felt for them just like I do for the refugees in Afganistan trying to get into Pakistan and for the families of the hijackers who are still deeply in denial and claim that the mossad planned the attacks. I felt fot them like I do for the rescue workes and help personnel and volunteers all over the world, too, from red cross workers setting up refugee camps in Pakistan to the clean up crews in New York to the grief counsellors helping the families. 5 weeks ago, noone could have imagined what the world would be like today. The soldiers in Oman had no idea. Their families didn't. The people on the planes, in the offices didn't. No one did. Those attacks influenced the lives of so many people all over the world, in big and in small ways. They displaced people, they took fathers and mothers and relatives and friends, they sparked hatred against people because they look foreign. I can not forget that a Sihk man was killed because of hid turban. Hearing the voices of the kids whose dads were in Oman -together with hearing that very same day that a good customer of my mom's is going off with the International Red Cross to the Pakistani border to provide health care for the refugees- made me realize how big and far spread that impact of the attacks has been. And then the DJ on BFBS played a request by one of the wifes: Richard Marx's "Right here waiting" . Yes, kitschy. Yes, the ultimately overplayed, horrible horrible song of way too many LDR couples. Yes, sickening and sweet. But still. To confess: Yours truly sat in her mom's car and drove through home town and started swallowing hard and then sobbing at that whole "oceans apart day after day and I slowly go insane" thing. Whythen, you might wonder? I am not quite sure. Maybe out of some odd form of solidarity, maybe simply because I know what being away from someone is like, even if thankfully never in a situation where the one I love was in danger. That crying of mine was odd, bizarre almost, as many reactions, including my own, to all the things that have happened in the past month have been. - At least my crying was not angry or full hatred but mainly sadness. The oddest reaction I have seen was that guy at the baseball stadium memorial service in NY holding a sign saying "enough grieving: let's roll" and thereby asking for retaliatory strikes. In any way, I downloaded that song last night, just like that. However, the higher beings of the net must have wanted to save me from the hell that listening to Richard Marx is: the quality of that mp3 is so bad, that in combination with the song in general, it's unbearable to listen to. At least something. So please, do not worry about my sanity. These are odd times, accept my odd behaviour.

 urlLink I have nothing to add to this.

 I want to make urlLink Larry Clark's movie "Kids" a compulsory watch for everyone who comes on urlLink Scarleteen saying "I don't need condoms, I trust my partner." Such an awesome, disturbing film that was on Vox tonight. I should stop drooling about Chloe Sevigny now though. ;)

 So. Better now, at least somewhat. Spend and hour on the phone with Ev, and only really told him what was up at the end. But it helped. Lots. Even though I feel so silly when telling him those ridiculously insecure thoughts, even though I hate this sobbing and being whiny. So glad that he's there. So very glad that he'll soon be here. Not that I believe his mere presence will make everything well, everything go away -being happy is MY responsibility not anyone else's- but there will be someone who listens, someone who is there, someone who grounds me. And that will help immensely. And it won't just be someone: it will be him. And, well, he is the most amazing person I have ever met and I am so glad that he is in my life. Sometimes, I really can not believe that we've met, and that we've been handling this odd relationship so well over these past 2 years. Simply put: I love him. Very much so. Anyway. Still haven't worked as much as I had needed to. Am tired, my eyes burn, and I still feel sick. Yeah. Just when I need it. What a weekend.

 Someone who bears with me and listens to me when I am like this, truly must love me. Now that sure is something that lights up my day.

 urlLink Where's my ambition gone? Yes, that's the question, really.

 It is 58 days, 21 hours, 30 minutes or 5088600 seconds or 84810 minutes or 1413 hours till he arrives. Yes, I am desperate. At least I urlLink didn't calculate this myself . I am not *that* bad.

 What a lost day. What a lost day indeed. Didn't get enough of the stuff I needed to get done, done. Surprise? Not really. I'm a loser baby, so why don't you kill me. I hate this whole escapism thing so much about me. And it's so damn hard for me to talk about it, because I find it so embarrassing. Yes. Dr.K can't help me if I don't tell him stuff -and hey, that's what my insurance company pays him for- to listen to my problems and help me sort them out, but this runs way too deep for me to talk about it yet. Yet - hey, in a year of therapy, I should have learned to open up. But still. I still feel like I am standing still and not developing at all. I still feel personality less. I feel life less. My avoidance of certain types of people has worsened. My locking up is worse than a year ago, too. My being anti-social is, too. And I still don't see a light at the end of the tunnel, really, still don't have some sort of perspective - I still can't paint a mental picture of something that would make me happy, at one point in the future. I still feel that I was far more grown up at 16 than I am now. I bash myself for each and everything. I hate myself. I sometimes feel like I have so little to live for, so little that's enjoyable. Who would miss me if I were gone? This is all so teenage. So sickening. So very sickening. All these thoughts, taken together, make me feel like the whiniest, most horrible person in the whole wide world. Narcisstic, self-absorbed, childish, boring, basking in the perils of her depression, not trying hard enough to start anew and be productive. I feel like I have no right to be this way. Nothing horrible happened to me. I wasn't abused, no one close to me died, nothing evil happened to me, really. Some small things, maybe, some things gone wrong family wise, some things gone wrong with partners, but really: Nothing that would matter in the grand scheme of things, nothing that would justify my whining. But still: I feel like shit. And what makes things worse: I feel like I have no right to feel like shit. Would some Prozac/Zoloft/Wellbutrin help? Who knows. I am almost close to giving that a try again - just like every few weeks anyway. Would things be easier then? Would I be able to handle things better? Hand me the loony pills. And what can I do to get out of this, out of this flat, out of these feelings? I feel stuck. - But the prospect of actively changing this situation scares me, too. I just do not want to face some things, some people. I want to be invisible, and substract me out of the grand equation. Oh well, I feel like I am already substracted anyway. I am not here. This isn't me. This ain't happening.

 urlLink Thanks for the warm welcome, Saigonsam. Don't they say that absence makes the heart grow fonder? :)

 Am tired today. Not too surprising, really, considering the stress of the last week...and the fact that stayed at the Planned Parenthood Men's Party that was the kick off for the new lecture series for menopause in men till 2am. Self-inflicted. So I shouldn't be whining, but please bear with me, let me whine.

 I wore (and am still wearing btw) Jean Paul Gaultier's LeMale today, and I can feel it surrounding myself like a warming cocoon of emotion. It''s bizarre: this smell is so very much Ev that I can barely handle it. *sigh*

 Just as a quick update back from Condom dispensing duty: No questionnaire from Andre. So he's not as creative as I thought he'd be. On another nore: Boy, does this chap have a lot to learn. A sex ed intern who isn't sure about where the cervix is? Hear me say puleeeeeeze. Thankfully Susan was quick to teaching him. Oh boy. In any way, I had a fun morning, really, even though it made me realize how far away I (thankfully) am from teens now. Was all a bit bizarre: was I ever that bad and unbearable, too? I can't put my finger on it, really, on what it is that irritates me so much, the icky clothes, the sticky make-up or just the show-off thing the boys had. Ick. Oh well, it was fun. Chatted with some of the other people there, which was interesting, and got the idea of writing an article for urlLink Scarleteen about urlLink FLUSS , a queer sex-ed project here in Freiburg, aimed at high schools. Let's see what urlLink Heather says to my article idea and what the people who run the programm are like. The chap I talked to today, Alexander, was fab. And FLUSS's work surely sounds great. I also scored another red plush condom with condom pouch (and lots more condom/sex-ed/HIV-prevention merchandise) from Ralf from urlLink BZgA . One of the red plush condoms should make a great toy for the urlLink world's best pug . Hmmm, let's see what she says- Won't send it off without something for her owner though, so it could be a few days before we can witness her reaction. Was a running ad for the crappy PP website again, too. Nice T-Shirt, dumb website. Too bad that I can't keep it. Oh well.

 Let's all be nice to my dear friend urlLink Heather and give her a Clix in an effort to stop dumb conservatives from inhabiting clix@diarist.net Clix her, people, she'll love you for that.

 So I am not dead. And haven't been abducted by aliens either. I was simply not in the mood for writing. And had no computer near my hands either. I guess it was a case of "the mauves" as Armistead Maupin has Cadence Roth put it so nicely in his grand novel urlLink "Maybe the moon" . The mauves are vaguer then the blues, but just as debilitating. "If I knew what the problem was, I could fix it, or at least bitch about it long enough to give them names. I feel empty and adrift, I guess, devoid of purpose. The simplest rituals of existence, like shaving my legs or replacing the trash can liner, leave me racked with the futility of it all. I long for serendipity, but there is simply none to be had. (...) I am a husk of a person, nothing more, a burned-out organism tumbling towards oblivion." Well, it really isn't all that dramatic, really. I simply spent several weeks at home (the entire month of August, really), and worked my ass off and was depressed, and spent September here in Unitown, just as depressed, but without a phone line....It took the much hated German Telekom just 4 weeks to get me a working line. Thanks. So here I am again, trying to re-start my online life. Not a new thing, really: These long breaks have happened before, back when I was at Opendiary. It's just something that I do, either because of outside influences (like being without a phone line), or simply because I don't feel like writing and sharing what is NOT happening in my life. There simply wasn't that much to say. - And somehow, time just flew by. Where did the last month go? I have no idea. So what did I do these past months? Read lots (in the last month mainly newspapers, obviously, before that -coincidentally- lots on Palestine, some new novels). Work lots at the bookshop. And avoid people. Escapism, really. Oh well. It really wasn't all that bad. Or was it? I don't know. Or I know, but can't put a name to it. But in any way: I am back and have a bunch of catching up to do, really. I feel pretty ok at the mo....a bit worried because I've been an anti-social slack and face this mountain of work in the new semester and so many people I've simply avoided. I'm sick, too, the result of a stressful week of preparations for my dad's 60th birthday party (which took place last Tuesday). On the plus side, I've paid off a bunch of bills that really had me sleepless these past months. At least one thing off my mind. Today was a pretty normal day. I forced myself to sleep for 8 hours last night, got up and went to a session with Dr.K this morn (where I just told him about the birthday party, not that much, really) and later went on condom dispensing duty for ProFa at a sex ed/teen movie event. Was rather funny, actually. Scored a bizarre plush red condom with a bizarre face from a cute chap working for the urlLink BZgA and at least got to socialize a bit. I really don't know what is going on with Andre, the new intern at sex ed. It's all a bit bizarre, really, dunno. Out of the blue, he keeps asking odd questions (mentioning "my boyfriend" a bit too often for my liking) and thereby gets me all out of stride. Not many people can do that, even though I gotta admit he had an easy game today, simply because I wasn't feeling too great. At least I had the last word today, told him that he should simply give me a questionnaire with all his questions tomorrow, I'd answer all his questions then, and in exchange give him the url of this blog, which I promised would make him not want to know me anyway. We'll see. If he's cool, he'll give me a questionnaire tomorrow, when on another round of condom dispensing duty. Later caught up with Ev, who's also sick, poor boy. Otherwise, we're doing just fine, I reckon. Told me today, that he also has someone around him showing interest, but of course Ev - never wanting to hurt *anyone* - is far less blunt than me in saying "no" or telling someone about the fact that he has a partner. The usual. He tells me not to worry, and I don't, even though I hate the fact this is such an issue for him. What bullshit. He should just go around and show and live and tell that we are indeed together. Where's the problem here? There's always a way to let someone know that you're not single. Oh well. In any way: It would be insane to get all worried now, just about 2 months before he arrives here. - It should be bliss, really. And the rest of the day? - Just the usual. Shopping, cleaning up the computer (which was messed up big time), and catching up with lovely Kitto. - The Catching up part quite obviously will need to continue over the coming days. I haven't had a look at a single of my regular blogs those past weeks.... Anyway. That much for a start. More soonish. Definitely.

 little darling, it's been a long cold lonely winter little darling, it feels like years since it's been here here comes the sun, here comes the sun and i say it's all right little darling, the smiles returning to the faces little darling, it seems like years since it's been here here comes the sun, here comes the sun and i say it's all right sun, sun, sun, here it comes... sun, sun, sun, here it comes... sun, sun, sun, here it comes... urlLink George, no matter where you are now, your spirit will always be in those bits of timeless music. Who knows, maybe you've already started organising the grande Beatles reunion with John, somewhere else. ...something about the way you moved us...

 urlLink What's your Pooh-sonality? Surprise! (no, not really). " Eeyore : "I'd look on the bright side. If I could find one." You're just like Eeyore, who is philosopher of gloom and takes pleasure in seeing the negative side of things. Show him a silver lining and the old grey donkey feels obliged to point to a cloud. But Eeyeore expresses his feelings very touchingly, making him the most popular pessimist of all time, although he doesn't expect anyone to pay attention to him and acts like he would rather be alone, Eeyore really wants to be included in the fun. He shares his thistles with Tigger, enjoys games of "Pooh Sticks" and is touched when the others remember his birthday. Everyone likes Eeyore, though he doesn't believe it and they find the best way to take his gloomy attitude is by cheerfully ignoring it. " (via urlLink wannabe )

 It's been raining steadily all morning. Super soft, very even rain. New Zealand South Island West Coast Rain; Even though it was a "dry" winter, in 1996, and there were hardly any waterfalls in Milford Sound, it rained like that, for three days, while Sylvia and I were in Franz-Josef. This rain reminds me of NZ, and I have to think of that travelling and how much fun it was, and I have to think about Tina and Tim and how glad I would be for her if she had an awesome time in NZ next year with that apparently awesome boy she fell in love with at first sight. I want her to be happy. As happy as she looks on that photo from Spain. But back from Franz to hometown: the bizarre thing is: these small raindrops are falling very slowly. As if they are training to be snow. Yihaa. (enough rain mediation for the day)

 Tina and I were browsing Bonds underwear online (to determine what exactly the toyboy - or rather : his sister, would have to buy to smuggle into Europe for both of us), when we stumbled across the follwing advice for urlLink "Men buying underwear for ladies" at urlLink zodee.com.au . Men Buying For Ladies The easiest way to determine the size for your ladyfriend is to have a look in her lingerie drawer at the sizes she is currently wearing. This may not always be possible and if the thought of being caught browsing through her lingerie drawer put you off there is another easier method which surprisingly works quite well. Think of her bust as a piece of fruit. The equivalent fruit size matches the cup size you should buy: Fruit - Cup Size Lemon - A Cup Orange - B Cup Grapefruit - C Cup Melon - D Cup

 Good day. Didn't do much law, didn't go to the gym, but had awesome and much needed girl time with Tina instead. Went out and picked out my new mattress; both of us trying it out together, making the guy in the shop think we'd use the it together, too. Rather entertainin. Delivery will be on Monday, when I will also get the bed bits. All very expensive, but considering I slept in the shittiest bed for the past 4 years, that splurge is justified. And oh, am I looking for building the bed. Let's see whether I can do that! Very exciting. Need to clean out the cellar over the weekend to make space for the old mattress which should stay there, for guests. Shopped for christmas pressies, got Tinas new and very first pill (and boy, was she excited!), ate a super delicious dner kebap, walked through town and were happy overall. Emptied a bottle of champagne at my place, just for the heck of it, and talked for 5 hours straight. Which, yet again, sparks me to say that I am blessed for having such a great, honest, loving pal as her. :) These last few hours indeed brightened it all up, indeed. Good day, indeed. I want more like these. The chances are good: it's less than 2 weeks to go. Amazing.

 It's yet another day that looks like snow but won't bring any, I overslept by 90 minutes yet again, I still have a giant unwritten to-do list (even though my toyboy informed me that one of his friends would gladly take the job of organising accomodation in Amsterdam from me), haven't checked out the paper instructions yet, there's still that giant pile of clothing on my floor and I still haven't convinced myself that I have to drag my bum to the gym (need to repeat my "I want to look good naked" mantra more often, obviously). No matter what, there still are some entertaining things in this world, and I need to remind myself of them. I usually don't laugh about accidents, but really, while searching for unimportant info, I came up with this CNN newsbit from 1999: urlLink Bird slams into Fabio's face "It was a shocking scene as hunky model Fabio stepped off the inaugural run of a roller coaster Tuesday, his nose splattered with blood. But the man seen on dozens of romance book covers proved to be OK after an unfortunate bird apparently collided with Fabio's face sometime during the ride." Please check out the article for the photo. Please. Fabio must have cheekbones of steel for that doomed bird to die on them without harm to Fabio. Also, late last night, urlLink Kitto and I surfed for some porn featuring nude males . We checked out an entire section of a not-to-be-named website, featuring nude men, and well, it was very dissapointing. Nothing about those photos was appealing. Nothing at all. Either the chap looked underage and tore at his foreskin (nothing bad about a foreskin, but please, why tear at it?), or the penile dimensions were simply way too scary, or they had the worst faces, or looked like they spent an hour a day on body hair removal, others were resting their penii on furniture, and almost all featured that horrid look-here-at-my-package penis presenting hand thing. One thing was most disturbing though, and urlLink Kitto put it nicely. "Where did they find these guys? Seriously. And how and why would one tie a penis into a knot? And what do you do with it after you've got it knotted? Is that even physically possible?" That was actually the most disturbing thing. I am still not convinced as to what these two people did with their penises, tie them in a knot, use strange cockrings, wrap their testicles around their penis from behind or enhance the photos with photoshop. - I thought I had seen it all, but quite obviously, I hadn't. The stuff really was bad and not at all sexy, or hot, or anything really. I guess part of it is the fact Kitto and I are not really the target group, I guess: hardly anyone shoots naked males explicitly for women. Part of why it wasn't hot at all was probably the cheapo in your face thing, too. To be honest: The artistic shot of a slim man in lots of autumn leaves where you do *not* see any genitals, but his rather stunning eyes instead and his lovely very real body, is just so much sexier than any of the stuff Kitto and I looked at last night. It's the general "mainstream" porn thing I guess, I just don't find the usual stuff appealing at all, no matter whether it's men or women. Nothing leaves me colder then the standard on the beach Playboy shoot. Anyway. I do have some sources of good porn, and will continue to enjoy these, and enjoy the occassional photos of the certain beautiful male, indeed. On a final note, I wasted precious time by reading recaps at urlLink Mighty Big TV . Oh, I love the opinionated stuff. Especially about urlLink the episode of "Making the Band" where Ashley leaves his make-up loaden, dumb galpal Shelli . Yes, I think that Making the Band is entertaining . And urlLink Popstars , too. And even worse, I think I might have developed a fascination for urlLink "The Pretender" . Please shoot me. Off to move my bum, I think, and start the paper. Oh, and I might want to think about some eating, too.

 Better today. No whining about my lack of hunger and desire for food today. No depressive bouts of crying today either. While at the urlLink gym today, I read an article in urlLink Stern , the title story is on Depression. The authour quite obviously recently read urlLink Andrew Solomon's "The noonday demon" . All rather superficial (if you consider how very in depth "The noonday demon" is), but still a good article, trying to destigmatize this disease. Made me wonder again whether my current thoughts, fears and behaviour would validate the use of anti-depressants again. I somehow still think it would be worth to give it a try. Hmph. Decided to have an off day today, just to sort some stuff out before I have to get busy. (instructions downloaded last night) and all the preparations for Ev's arrival; even though the latter is, of course, a good thing to prepare for. Need to jot a to-do-list down, but am avoiding that, for fear that once I see it all on paper/in pixel, I'll be too scared to start. *lol* Things to do tomorrow (that would be on that invisible list): finally check out the bed shop; check Amsterdam Hotels for New Years, work out, start paper. Oy. For tonight, all I'll do is clean up this place a bit and watch Buffy and Angel and be online and surf for some good stuff for Saturdays urlLink linkandthink blogging event. We had another ignorant troll at the urlLink boards yesterday, some "kid" (not quite sure whether that was a kid, or just another bored Baptists pastor from Virginia) spreading the word that true love waits is the solution for all problems, and that condoms had holes big enough for HIV to pass through. Yeah. Lovely. Good thing: Two weeks from now, I will be on my way to Frankfurt Airport. Unbelievable.

 Silly test of the moment : urlLink The horrible Affliction Test . I'd be urlLink gonorrhea . Hehe.

 Sick thoughts of the day: (brought to you by ye olde well known fact that if you got nothing else to lean on to for stability, even mental illness will do) When I was 14, I would have loved to have the stamina in regards to not eating that I apparently have now. Very bizarre, and quite honestly something that has been worrying me for the past months. When I've been writing that I've been eating crappily, I actually mean hardly. I was always the bingeing type back when I was in the throws of disordered eating; it was bingeing brought on by super restriction (and the latest fad diets my dear friend Jane thought were great and working), bingeing brought on by stress and pain and loneliness. Now loneliness and stress and fear pretty much bring on starving and the inability to eat, and bingeing really is rare these days (if it happens, it's Knoppers or Oreos and Marshmallow fluff). I seriously can not eat Made some simple pasta last night, and seriously couldn't even eat hal a plate full. What in all the world is this? My body shutting down? Me subconsciously looking for a new affliction? Wanting to control something while all seems to be slipping out of my hands (not that that's a new feeling at all)? Chronicling and writing this feels so ridiculous to me. I should have more important things to do, more important things to worry about, more important things to think. But alas, these thoughts are here, and I know they are bad, and hurtful and what I am doing is harming me, making my metabolism run amok once I go back to eating. Really need to make in effort to purchase some almost nutritious food that I can handle eating (and that I can afford, too). Not that I know what that is yet.

 Shameless plug for a good cause urlLink

 Good things to cheer myself a bit: the new lingerie rocks and fits and is sexy as hell; my new stripey shower curtain from Ikea looks pretty; I am reading two rather different yet both very interesting books ( urlLink Ahmed Rashid - Taliban. Islam, Oil and the New Great Game in Central Asia and urlLink Ralf Rothmann - Ein Winter unter Hirschen ); listening to urlLink something for kate's beautiful sharks is like a blanket of love and emotion filled memories; and best of all: urlLink it's just 15 days to go .

 I'm back, and -not really surprisinly- feeling like shit. I'm just so tired of it all, so completely and utterly exhausted, and somehow it all got worse throughout the day. It's the aftermath of the weekend, I guess. At least I didn't overcompensate as bad as usually this weekend, even though I was, of course, the perfect little daughter anyway. I get so caught up in all of it that I forget what I am like anyway. If only the world could leave me alone for a while. The workload and the stuff I have to organise these next few days is unbelievable. Absolutely unbelievable. I have no idea how I should get all of it done. And I just got an eMail from Sabine from Profa asking me to hop in and help her. As if all the work I have to do now isn't enough already. Of course, I let her talk me into helping. Yes, my fault. I should probably just dig a little hole for myself and hide for a little while.

 Off for the weekend, still in a not too cheery mood, and an hour on the phone with the toyboy helped only slighty. Psychobitch called him to "make up and be friends". aha. I don't believe a fucking thing that person says. Argh. Things can only get better. Or what was that song by urlLink D:Ream in 1992 again? Have a good one, people.

 I've been having sort of down days again, or whatever. There are things to say, but I neither have the words to express them, nor the time or the feeling to sit down and think about them and type. Have been tired of that thinking, I guess. Am tired overall anyway. Too tired to go to bed and too awake to sleep, or whatever the sentence was. On the other hand I feel like I am constantly sleeping anyway. Part of it is the upcoming exam and paper and the stress that will mean (considering that I need to get it all done within two weeks - before Ev arrives, and prepare everything for his arrival, two - not easy if you consider how time seems to fly by at the mo), part of it is going home this weekend, too. Cancelled the session with Dr.K scheduled for Friday and was happy that it wasn't him answering the phone so that I didn't have to give a reason for my cancellation yet. I'll have to tell him anyway, but better later than sooner. I don't think going home yet again is a healthy decision at all, I know it isn't, but it's the weak and practical thing to do though. I should set a goal as to how I want to be this weekend ( like to be me, maybe, just for a change? ), but I already know I will just fall back into the same old role as the perfect little daughter, looking pretty, smiling lots and overcompensating by doing whatever is wanted even before it's being asked all the bloody time. I know I'll be sitting on the train Sunday afternoon and feel shitty and drained and will need a whole day to get over it. Oh well. I should simply have said no, I didn't want to come and used the time here to get my life back on track. No I agreed to going home, and I can't blame nobody but me. Duh. Yet again, I just want to drop everything and fall into the coziness of feeling at home with someone. I sure won't have that this weekend, though, and don't know whether I can get through the next 20 days feeling this way, just to have to deal with the inevitable adjustment period we will have on his arrival. I should lower my expectations, but expecting only good things really is what helps me get through the day at the moment.

 Saigonsam moved and re-designed his urlLink Airman's Mess and it now looks very sexy indeed, and goes well with that remarkable voice of his. Trs sexy! :)

 urlLink Things i spend time on when I should be studying.

 It smells like snow today. The sky has been low all day today, so low that it's been foggy and the visibility was maybe 150 metres max. Now that it's dark, the sky has this odd snow-promising lightness about it. Yay. This morn, while I waited for the bus to take me to the gym, some tiny, tiny, shy little snow flakes fell. - Unfortunately only for a little while. I could do with some snow now, for the cozy-glad-to-be-inside-factor. The weather gods still have a few more days though: The last day for my first snow order of the winter is Ev's arrival on December 12th. urlLink 23 days to go.

 Odd little bored in the afternoon TV moment: Switched from Viva II to MTV right after U2's (really not too innovative and impressive) "Walk On" video ended, only to catch the very first second of it again there. Wish that would happen with a better video sometime: like the cafe version of "One". Haven't seen that in a while.

 I have been having near orgasmic dreams about him for a few years now. I know all the lyrics to the entire urlLink "I've been expecting you" album. But woah, urlLink Robbie has topped it all. Seriously. Yes. I confess. I am a urlLink Frank Sinatra fan. Big time. Have been for ages, since I was 10 to be exact, and found the single urlLink "Strangers in the night" somewhere in my rents record collection and played it on my first record player. I liked Frank's music althrough my cheap and poor late 1980's pop likings (Bros, and then not yet as hot as today Kylie Minogue), through my sinister Sisters of Mercy times, through holding Bob Marley sacred, through liking New Model Army and The Cure, through listening to Rory Gallagher and other retro stuff and and to whoever else - and didn't find it contradictory at all, even though I of course hid my little Sinatra habit in front of my mates. Hey, I was a teen, too. I bought urlLink Duets , mainly for the urlLink Bono version of urlLink "I've got you under my skin" , but liked some of the rest, too. I wanted to go to Frank's "Goodbye tour", when was that...in 1993 I think- but the tickets were migthy expensive, so my mother and brother refused to take me with them, mother claiming that Frank would do another goodbye tour....but he didn't. He died in 1998. I've never really forgiven my mother for not wanting to splurge those few DMs on me so that I could see him, even though that concert would have probably disillusioned me: Frank stumbled over the stage, and forgot the lyrics. I still wish I had been there. When I hit Uni, I suddenly found myself at formals and dances soundtracked with Ol'Blue Eyes music, and me and my then best galpal took a few hours getting dressed for these occassions while consuming Gin Tonics and Gauloise Blondes and listening to Frankie boy. I'll always connect urlLink "Fly me to the moon" , urlLink "What now my love" and urlLink "I get a kick out of you" with these winter nights of ballroom dancing, too much booze, awesome 1950's style dresses from H&M and dark red lipstick. And a certain affair with a certain someone. It sure was a lovely time. Just the kind of time you should have as a freshwoman, I think. And now urlLink Robbie , evil, tattooed, hot little Brit Robbie (who I saw in spring 1992 in a little club in northern England, when the pre-hype Take That were on their first school tour, and who kissed my hostsister who interviewed him for the school paper) is singing Sinatra, and is bloody good at it, too. He's hot, hot, hot. And I love it. The Robbie Swing Extravaganza concert from Royal Albert Hall is on TV tonight. - I always expected Robbie to be awesome at this thing, ever since I read rumors about him making a swingish album a few months ago. But woah, this is even better than expected. I'll have a wet dream of Robbie in a Cut singing urlLink "Come fly with me" tonight. I swear. *purrr purrrrrrrr purrrrrrrr* P.S. In case anyone ever asks you about my funeral proceedings: Yes, urlLink "My Way" , please. And you can choose whether by Robbie or Frank. Just make it a live version, ok? And play it so loudly that everyone can sing along. That's what everyone does with that song anyway.

 On a lighter and less political note: Preparations for the urlLink toyboy's arrival are progressing by the way. Managed to finally get hold of the awesome lingerie I had ogled for a few weeks (picture to follow soon), and now wonder whether the sizing will be ok (had to send my mother -gasp!- off to buy it at home, as the shop chain over here didn't have itdown here). I hate it when they sell stuff in sets. My chest and hip size aren't necessarily related, and hardly any sets are made to acoomodate my non-standard chest. We'll see. Told the toyboy today that I had shopped for stuff just for his arrival. To which he commented that that wasn't necessary, as lingerie was redundant anyway and would only slow things down. hehe. :) Preparations for finally getting a bigger bed are also progressing. Checked out the details yesterday: bigger head and feet panels for my bed (to make it wider, obviously), would only be around 190,-DM, which is less than I expected. New slatted frame and mattress will obviously be more expensive, but if you consider that I've been sleeping on the old stuff (that was free, as it was already purchased before I moved 4 years back), the investment would be worth it. Have wanted a wider bed ever since I moved out. - And well, now that Ev and I will have to actually *sleep* a bit, too, and be productive member of society the next day, I really think a bigger bed is in order. A virginal bed to deflower with the toyboy. Sounds great, me thinks. Am also ogling some things to add to the toybox and to use in the defolarion of that bet. Like the urlLink KamaSutra Weekender Kit . Yum yum. Oh, I cannot wait. I cannot wait. eeeeeep.

 Bigger news, if just as enraging as the freeing of the aid workers, was today's urlLink confidence vote in the German Parliament though. Germany is a stable democracy, in the 52 years of it's existence, chancellors only asked for a confidence vote 3 times so far. Once by Willy Brandt in 1972, to ensure support on the "Ostpolitik"; in 1982 by Helmut Schmidt, on his economy politics and again 4 months later by Helmut Kohl to induce early elections, after he succeeded Schmidt when a vote of no confidence to the chancellor, initiated by the opposition, had been successful. So today was the fourth time ever. - And the first time that a confidence vote was directly connected to a vote on an issue. While the legality of such a move has been disputed in the law community, the general opinion seems to be that it's legal to mix the two things up. - I personally doubt the use of such a move though. Asking the parliament for the confidence vote is the ultima ratio of the German chancellor: If he has nothing left to loose, he risks his position by trying to force his party or coalition to step back in line. This is what we got to witness today. It was an act of weakness trying to keep a dead coalition together. Support for sending German military off to join US and British forces is high. Apparently almost 60% of Germans support such a move. - Had the vote today been simply on the issue of deploying troops, all parties, excluding the Greens and the socialist PDS, would have voted almost unanimously for troop deployment and would have represented the public opinion far better. Combining the confidence vote with the decision to deploy troops to one vote however, forced the opposition parties to vote against *both*. It's just natural that opposition parties dos not support a chancellor in a confidence vote. All speakers from CDU and FDP stressed that they supported troop deployment, but not the chancellor. They also stressed the legal pitfalls of the actual proposition and the fact that it was mainly a blank cheque for the US and the fact that it's unclear whether a deployment for a year can be recalled if the political situation ever changes. We also got to witness a party today, who has sold all it's ideals in the face of power and hence made itself unvotable. The Greens are a party without a moral core now. If you compare today's Greens to the party they once were, a party that emerged out of the pacifist movement in the late 70's and ealy 80's, a party that tried to be the non-parliamentary opposition inside parliament, you might think that you're looking at a completely different party. The Greens are now just what they never wanted to be: a party clinging to power, that does let got of ideals in order to stay in the country's drivers seat. It was sad to see Green politicians try to justify the sudden change of heart ever since Schrder announced that he'd combine the troop question with a confidence vote. I have no respect left for them, Joschka Fischer being the obvious exception. He seems to be the only one who at least doesn't change his views under pressure. At least the PDS was true to itself. Yup, they had nothing to loose anyway, but at least they stood by their beliefs. A rare thing in today's politics, I think. In my opinion, what's been deemed a political success for Schrder by foreign media was not just a sign of weakness, but also an action whose consequences Schrder quite obviously hasn't fully realised. The Greens will lose even more in the elections next year than already expected and he will not only find himself with less votes, but also without a coalition partner. - Unless he manages to convince the FDP, which I highly doubt. Schrder should have taken a look into the history books - even when a confidence vote was decided in favour of the government, like for Schmidt in 1982, it is no guarantee that a ruling coalition will last much longer. Schmidt's government lasted another 4 months. Politics of force, politics of the will to stay in power, no matter that it means throwing all your ideal over board, have no future. We saw politics today, were MPs sacrificed their beliefs to the joined opinion and were degraded to cameo roles on what should be their centre stage. It was a low point for our parliamentary democracy; the abuse of a necessary tool for the chancellor. In addition, it didn't make Germany an equal partner with the US in the "war against terrorism", but made this country look like an over-eager yes-saying teen dying to finally been regarded as an adult. It was the continuation of mistakes that started on September 11th, when Schrder announced that Germany would offer unconditional, unquestioning support to the US. Instead of opening a discussion on Germany's future role in the world, he silenced everyone who disagreed as someone not in line against terrorism. Today, Schrder, the SPD and the Greens surrendered to the rule of George W. German politicians will from now on not have a say in what happens with German Soldiers on mission in a target areas not defined not defined as of now, in missions not defined as of now. The days of this government are counted, I think. A coalition were you break one partners spine to keep him qiet to keep the coalition alive is a coalition that is dead.

 Have been on a bit of a news binge today, for the first time since I stopped watching urlLink CNN about 2 weeks after September 11th. Listened in astonishment to the press conference by the freed urlLink Shelter Now aid workers early this morning. Don't get me wrong. I am happy they are all free again, and healthy, and whatever else, I think NGO's usually do a great job in providing help on a local level. - But I would make the Shelter now workers and their organisation pay for the cost of the military mission to get them into Pakistan. Seriously. If and when you go into a foreign country to help people, you still need to abide to the places rules and laws in order to not endanger yourself or the people you came to help. - Even if the place is Afghanistan, and ruled by a people-hating fascist regime, with laws that are the opposite of what you are used and what you deem ok. If you go into Afghanistan, you know the rules. Or you should at least know the rules. You know you can not try to convert people to Christianity, unless you are willing to put your life at risk. While I can understand that you discuss beliefs when you get to know people, I can not grasp, that these aid workers were naive (the first word that came to my mind was actually dumb ) enough to think that urlLink using a Children's Bible to teach English, or showing a video on Jesus were ok and wouldn't endanger them or the Afghan people that they showed the material to. Unbelievable. Seriously unbelievable. Those two naive US missionaries sit at that press conference, talk about the lord helping them through this time and that the first thing they did was get a hair cut and make-up, and do not realize that they inflicted this ordeal on themselves. And shouldn't blame anyone but themselves. All I can say is: Make them pay. Send them the bill, please.

 I'm passive-aggressive today, and still not in the mood for talking, writing or posting. I am basically angry and speechless. Yeah. Everything feels and is wrong today. I am still angered by the shit Britta did in calling my parents yesterday (thereby proving that she indeed is someone I don't want to be friends with), angered by the shitty communications in my family, angered by the fact that I haven't heard from Ev since the end of last week, angered by some shitty people getting at me in shitty ways, angered by how I feel and how little I get done these days and that I didn't even drag my ass to the gym today angered by...everything and nothing. aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh. I should wear a sign around my neck today: "Beware. Bites."

 Just to end the day on a lighter note: Highlights from this weeks referrers log. urlLink blowdried men . yes, I think that's the best way to dry them. Makes them so soft and fluffy. urlLink mother fuck sun free pic . How do you have sex with the Sun? urlLink does masturbation make you loose protein? urlLink Nope. urlLink how to fake pregnancy Hey, You gotta be more specific here. Online? IRL? If you are looking for advice on how to do that online, I could refer you to some former posters at ST, if you want the real thing, why not call a tv soap production company?

 I watched CNN this afternoon, at the same time as on September 11th, and hearing about the crash, I sort of expected to hear of more crashs, in New York, Washington, wherever else. Standing in the middle of my room the same way I did 9 weeks ago, staring at the TV, I was bracing myself for another attack against the US. I hate how these past few weeks have changed my perception of the world. I seriously do not deem many things impossible anymore.

 Today on icq KittenGoddess : "lol, you were in my dream this morning. it was rather odd. well, i don't think i ever actually saw you, but i don't remember exactly....i know that you had a pet squirrel named Evan that you gave me to watch for you. and i was sitting under this tree that your squirrel was playing in, and it peed on me." Caro : "a pet squirrel: I come across as dominating my partner, hm? *lmao*now what's the meaning of this? you're killing me - this is HILARIOUS!" KittenGoddess : "and, well if it makes you feel better...he was a very pretty squirrel"

 urlLink Top-Heavy Hookjaw . Appropriate, me thinks. *snicker*

 Tina and I did a very Sunday morning thing this morn and watched TV while on the phone. Doing that, we came up with a plan: urlLink This is what we'll do, if all chaps abandon us.

 urlLink "English is not an easy language." Hilarious. :) (via urlLink Firda / urlLink Nikolai )

 Not many words from me these days. - Somehow, the more I think and figure out, the less I feel the urge to write. These past few days were okay once I had gotten over the shock of knowing my weight and body fat percentage. Have been almost busy, seeing Tina, studying, urlLink working out (to get that frightenting % down), session with Dr.K (which made me realize how much I have indeed profited from therapy so far), picking up stuff from the post office (my urlLink payback steam iron arrived), talking to my toyboy on the phone for a few hours. All rather mundane stuff, and not exactly note- and newsworthy. So I shall remain silent until I got something to say. No news is good news, right? :)

 Note to the bestest pal in the world: Tina, you rock. And nope, I do not think that making urlLink google searches on people you fancy makes you a stalker. And hey, don't I have awesome tracking down skills? ;)

 For some reason, I don't have much to say these days. There's a bunch of thoughts circling around in my head, yet when I try to put them in order, it sounds fake, not yet right. I need to give them some more time and space, I guess. Have dreamt odd things lately, of being in Australia for just one week without any luggage, of icq messages (and in english, too!), of the past. Have had odd memories come up, Frank suddenly appeared in my head, the welcoming party at Dreas first flat, to be exact. I remembered, and quite vividly, too, being in the stairway with him and how he left, early, and reached from one staircase below, through the wooden (green) handrail, and put his hand between my legs again for a minute. Later that night, Thorsten and I would have sex for the last time, and it would be horrible. Don't know where that comes from, haven't thought much about all that in a little while. I forgot the dates, but I'd bet it's been pretty much exactly 7 years ago. - It was on one of these death-related public holidays in November. Anyway. Autumn (or winter?) has finally arrived, and the weather is as rainy and cold as I wanted it, and I can finally wear thick jumpers and hide and feel good about it. Wore my new polarfleece shirt today, and it felt lovely. urlLink 34 days to go.

 urlLink What little grrrls are made of - Heather Corinna - Adolescent poetry and prose transcripts 1984-1988 This left me speechless and made me cry for the 15 year old Heather, yesterday. Reading about her pain and sadness from the past, I am so relieved that she managed to get through it - somehow - and that Heather is here today, the wise, sexy, awesome, inspiring and truly beautiful person that she is, with her heart, body and soul -maybe a bit scarred- but intact. Big fat hugs to you. Love you, gal.

 urlLink Barbie and Ken have an alternative teaching job at night. Hilarious. :) And well, with Ken, we finally have a man who indeed has a 10in Yoni.

 New moment to look forward to: December 12th 2001, 07:05pm (instead of 6am on that day, as previously expected) Means 11 hours less time with him overall, but makes it far easier to pick him up (no need to spend the entire night at the airport or leave by car at 3am - I guess we'll probably take the train), and far nicer for Ev and his Jetlag, too. Plus we now won't need an excuse to hop into bed straight away. Not that I think we would have needed one anyway. :) Am getting nervous. It's 5 weeks to go today, and I am getting jittery. It's one of the sweet-sour aspects of this long-distance thing, I guess. The anticipation is unbearable, and you're high on happiness one day, and low with worry the next. Told Ev today, that I wondered whether my nervousness is there because we now can no longer pretend that it's not that serious; sounds nice, but isn't correct the longer I think about it - it, or rather "we" were serious pretty much from the start, even after our maybe not so good time in Australia. It's more likely that this fear is there because it is getting more serious the longer we have this relationship this odd way. I wonder what is waiting for us in the future. Are we each others lifepartners? Where will we go and how will our relationship evolve? What will happen? - And are we doing the right thing the right way? And all this at a point in my life where I do not have any personal vision for my life. I think about the future and it's blank. I cannot paint a picture of a point in the future where I would definitely be happy, no scenario. I want a future with this relationship, but I worry that if I want a future for it too much, it won't work out; I don't want this relationship to be the only thing I look forward to, I don't want it to be my sole lifeline, but I fear that is what it might be like if we make some sort of more definite committment. I think I would want a more definite comittment, not because I have fallen for the illusion it would make everything easy and secure our relationship, but because it would just manifest -to the outside, and to us- what is there already, what I feel now anyway. Is it important? A bit. It's not that I want a ring, it's not that I am thinking about white dresses and cake deco and wanting to pick out my bridesmaid - (would be Tina anyway!); but I think it would be good if we voiced and expressed our committment to each other somehow, in some formalised way. Sparked by some odd thread at urlLink Scarleteen , I read a bit about handfasting traditions, but that really wouldn't feel right for neither Ev or me, I think; even though there are tons of ways how one can do a handsal (make a promise for a year and a day, that needs to be renewed every year). It's not our type of tradition, I guess. Anyway. We're talking about all this, and that's good. It's just all not so easy and a bit scary, we don't want to scare each other by bringing "marriage" into the picure, but we're trying to keep it all open. Because he wondered, I told him that my (temporary) move to Australia wouldn't mean that he would "have to marry me", and that's true. My move to Melbourne, as abstract as it still is, would probably be as much trying to find out who I really am as wanting to live this relationship "for real". - The least thing on my mind is forcing him into anything. Marriage is not one person persuading the other one into something, it's two people making a joint statement. Well, I assume this will all be an issue we'll address when he's here. The worrying part is maybe this: if all works out well this time, when we have several weeks of normalcy, what is keeping us from making this "formal"? One other reason that worries me is how we will manage to get over the 10 months apart. Ev said he found it cute that I worried about his reaction to a few recent things that I did so much, but I really am just worried whether we can reconnect easily. Without a doubt, we have both developed in some way in these past months, and I just don't want to be a negative surprise for him in any way. And of course, my little depressed mind doesn't worry about him changing in any bad way. It's always me, rigth? (FYI, that last statement would make my shrink happy: If I told him "I wonder whether he will still find me attractive", he'd tell me "And you don't think he could have changed?") These are all typical LDR worries I guess: all the build-up before you finally see each other again makes it so easy to start your time together on an odd note. We had that last year, the ridiculous arguments about him going home earlier, the pointless discussions about him and other girls. I still worry about the adjustment time, even though we now know it'll be there (he needs it more than I do) and can communicate about it: it just leaves so much room for odd tones in the first few days, and duh, I just don't want any of the arguments we had during that adjustment time in January. - But then, we were on odd notes before he came over anyway. In general, I should probably just let things be, I guess, and trust in us and our relationship and the fact we're both so sure now, and are better at that communication thing than ever before. urlLink 35 days to go. I can't wait. I seriously can't wait.

 Random realisations about sex scenes in books and movies. Watching that oh-so-famous-pottery love scene in urlLink Ghost on TV tonight (which used to the basis for lots of fantasies of my 12 year old me), I primarily wondered how Mr. the-eighties-are-over-but-my-blowdried-hairdo-is-still-in- Swayze (I always wanted to have a first time like Baby! Tear off my bra and throw it away, Johnny!) and the pre-op and still almost pretty Demi Moore suddenly have clean hands while in the middle of their little pottery romp. Did you run off to the bathroom for a handwash without anyone noticing? Isn't that clay awfully hard to get off? Far worse was re-reading urlLink David Rees's "The Estuary" this weekend, a book proudly purchased in the gay corner of some London bookshop circa 1992, after buying "The Milkman is on it's way" which my friend Ilka had ordered (that was pre-online-book-shopping, after all, for english books, you needed to ask a mate who hopped over to London!), I realised how extremely bad that novel actually is written. And I started to wonder why I liked it at 14. It can't just have been the sex scenes between people of all genders (which are the only bits of that book that I find readable these days. yum. Nothing like that mud fighting scene between Luke and Aaron...hmmmmmm), could it? It can't just have been that grown-up, open feeling I got when I purchased it, either. My guesses of the moment are... *I just didn't know enough english to realize that exotic words don't mean that something is good; pretentious writing isn't good writing. *All that 1983 sex, clothing, music and living was far closer to reality in 1992 than to what we have now in 2001 (even though people today dress more like 1983 than in 1992, and love to pretend it were 1983). What's rather bothersome though, is the 1983-on-the-verge-of-HIV-Sex. While some sex scenes are quite lovely, some just (excuse the pun) suck. (quote) "He was looking at other people's windows, roof-tops and the sky, and his sperm was flooding into someone's throat." - Nope thanks. Just not cool. Do you want some condoms with that? *The main characters are all younger than I am today - and they are all nothing but completely out-of-reality-beings. Completely. Especially that Luke guy being heavily into classics, good at sports, aggresive, yet the bisexual super-male. Or that Aaron superstar looking like an angel, but the evil macho. Or that dumb Cheryl chick ending up in a sad marriage when "the love of her life" (which she met at 17) decides to be gay. Well. ALL characters, are sad, apart from that hot andogyne potter John (whose outward appearance reminds me of the hot male currently residing on my desktop) and that Kevin chap maybe. John really is the only interesting character in the entire book, yet stays sort of blurr all the time. Did people like that exist in 1983 GB? If yes: duh. Let's be happy the 80's are over. Let's please not pretend the 80's were good. Anyway. Life wasn't too bad when that pottery sex scene, and Baby's first time in urlLink Dirty Dancing seemed almost pornographic to me and would give enough ideas for a good bunch of fantasies...and when I thought that that "Solitaire" poem in "The Estuary" was actually good and buying a book published by Gay Men's Press was revolutionary. Maybe being 14 wasn't all that bad. At least I was easier to please.

 Have started reading urlLink Connie Palmen's "I.M." again, and that moves me to tears and breaks my heart and makes me long for love and a deep connection to another human being. The openess and wisdom that literally drips out of that book leaves me speechless, the sadness leaves me devastated. So here I am again, longing for the toyboy. These last few week seem to be harder than the past 9 months taken together (a number of months, which, btw, reminded me yesterday that if I hadn't "passed" that preggie test back in February (when the impossible seemed to have happened), I'd be a mother now. Or not. But I could have been, maybe. Scary.) It's so odd, the last time we saw each other, I couldn't look forward to his arrival because I didn't know whether he'd be here. - And now, we've had all these months that we were apart (more time than ever before), that we somehow handled (not that I know how, to be honest), and these last few weeks are starting to be unbearable. I see couples everywhere, kissing couples, cuddling couples, as if their main goal is rubbing their happiness into my face. I want the toyboy now, want to talk to him, want to sleep with him and next to him, lie next to him and let my hand rest on his hipbone (which has been my property ever since we happened), want to walk through town with him and sit at cheers and have lunch, want to skim for CDs at aktiv with him, want to spend days in bed listening to what we've found...I just want to be with him. And I am getting impatient. Just about urlLink 36 days to go , and now that. Call me pretentious, please. :)

 urlLink Are you ICQaholic? Apparently, yes. Scored 60 points: "ICQ-ontheslipperyslope" 'Nah, I can handle it. I'm a late-adopter; a low-to-average user. Kills a bit of time at work. I'm in control, you know? I could stop tomorrow if I wanted.' Shyeah RIGHT! Lovely. (via urlLink firda )

 Low key Sunday, with not much to say. My mood is still exceptional, even though I had an extremely annoying bout of early morning insomnia again last night. Was up at 1am and from 4am to 6:30. Slept two more hours though, so my energy level was reasonably ok. Maybe it was moving my not so little ass to the gym which helped. Who knows. All gym actions, btw, will from now on be chronicled in the urlLink workout log - stories of sweat,sore muscles and success , just to not let this take up too much room here. So all is okay. No phone call today though, even though I could have very well needed one; I hate it when the window of opportunity for calls is two hours shorter than in summer. *sigh* More later.

 "...there's no aphrodisiac like loneliness truth beauty and a picture of you there's no aphrodisiac like loneliness youth truth beauty fame boredom and a bottle of pills..." "no aphrodisiac" ~the whitlams~ ...and despite what this rather sad sounding soundtrack for a Saturday at home seems to suggest, I am in an excellent mood, if missing the toyboy. The knowledge that 5 weekends from now, he will be here though, and I will have a decent, coupled up weekend...makes it all better. *sigh* All is well, and that's quite shocking, isn't it?

 It's 6:20 am, on a Saturday, yet can't seem to sleep anymore. As I have already posted a picture of my belly, I think it's time for stupid test results, me thinks. urlLink The Movie Test: Is Your Life a True Romance or a Tearjerker? "Congratulations, you diva, you! If your life were a movie it would be ... Casablanca Year of Release: 1942 Most Memorable Line: "But what about us?" --Ilsa Lund, played by Ingrid Bergman "We'll always have Paris. We didn't have, we, we lost it until you came to Casablanca. We got it back last night." --Rick Blaine, played by Humphrey Bogart "When I said I would never leave you." --Ilsa "And you never will. But I've got a job to do too. Where I'm going, you can't follow. What I've got to do, you can't be any part of. Ilsa, I'm no good at being noble, but it doesn't take much to see that the problems of three little people don't amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world. Someday you'll understand that. Now, now. Here's looking at you kid." --Rick "Sacrifice: This story (the theme of Casablanca, The End of the Affair, The Bridges of Madison County, The Horse Whisperer) is about the conflict between duty and passion, the choice between personal happiness and serving the needs of others. A middle-aged woman who is already married, often with children, a woman who has always led a measured and controlled existence, unexpectedly meets her soul mate and falls passionately in love. She is torn between love and not wanting to hurt others, especially her children. Afraid that her love would never survive her guilt, and fearing the damage it would cause, she sacrifices her love and her personal happiness to avoid hurting others. That is the obvious story. Beneath the nobility of her renunciation of happiness there is also her fear and guilt. She is terrified that her intense feelings will make her feel out of control. She is afraid to give up the safe, controlled life she has led as well as the social context and conventions that support her. Risking everything for one intense love frightens her." --Marcia Millman, The Seven Stories of Love Yup. Fitting, I think. I have a thing for relationships that involve planes and leaving, and drama. :) (via urlLink Mary , who does not agree with her test result that Dirty Dancing is a movie of her life.)



 Am one happy girl today. Yes, despite being online almost constanly yesterday and staying up and on icq till 5:30am, trying to resolve things. I got some apologies, and this was a start. At least something. By 5:30, I was so jittery that I could hardly type...anyway. Only good thing about all this was that I finally got to talk to both Kitten and Aria via phone, definitely a lovely aspect of all this mess.

 If there is one thing that I hate, it is being portrayed as a liar. And fucking half-truths. And even more I hate people fucking with their "friends" . If you told me all these lies and half-truths about her, I wonder what the hell you told others about ME.

 Logistical planning for Mont Ventoux, #1: urlLink I want this bike: the Trek 2200 WSD . *sigh*

 First (and most important) message of the day: urlLink Happy Birthday, Shauny! "Heute kann es regnen, strmen oder schnei'n, denn Du strahlst ja selber wie der Sonnenschein. Heut' ist Dein Geburtstag, darum feiern wir, alle Deine Freunde freuen sich mit Dir. Alle Deine Freunde freuen sich mit Dir. Wie schn, da Du geboren bist, Wir htten Dich sonst sehr vermit. Wie schn da wir beisammen sind, wir gratulieren Dir, Geburtstagskind. Uns're guten Wnsche haben ihren Grund: Bitte bleib noch lange glcklich und gesund. Dich so froh zu sehen, ist, was uns gefllt. Trnen gibt es schon genug auf dieser Welt. Trnen gibt es schon genug auf dieser Welt. Montag, Dienstag, Mittwoch, das ist ganz egal, Dein Geburtstag kommt im Jahr doch nur einmal. Darum la uns feiern, da die Schwarte kracht. Heute wird getanzt, gesungen und gelacht. Heute wird getanzt, gesungen und gelacht." ( urlLink translate with babelfish , to turn this kindergarten birthday song into a dadaistic birthday poem!:)

 10:30 pm at what might -despite shitty and hurtfull and rather typical NY's stuff that has already happened - turn into an awesome night, after all. Tina and me have been making up odd lyrics top fit Lou Reed's "Perfect Day" already...more to follow, as more alcohol flows. What a perfect day, have McDonalds at the Gracht, and later, when it gets nacht we"ll get drunk.... Oh what a perfect day, 6 Heineken in the backpack, next two them, two bottles of sekt, we"ll get druuuuunk. Oh it's such a perfect day...I'm glad i spend it with you oh, what a perfect day, you just keep me hanging on, you just keep me hanging on...... Life is still good, and geez, are we looking good in our tarty outfits, too. (Tina speaking) I still need some glitter...and then it is just a PERFECT DAY :)

 Good moments of the last few days : Singing along to "'m so excited" with Tina and some others in the bar where Tina got free Tequila for her 25 coaster throwing & catching. Snow everywhere, covering bikes leaning on grachten bridges. Finding that perfect tarty shirt for New Years. Again perfecting the art of changing in a lightless room: guess once you've learned that, it's like riding a bike, you're never going to forget it again. Oh, the pleasures of backpacking. knuffellen. Life is still good. Have a good New Years.

 In Amsterdam, which is snowfilled and people filled, and in the company of people I would't mind having in my life at all times. All is so damn funky that there is no time and need to document what's happening, even though it would make for good stories. Love is good, and life is good, too.

 Sidenote: In Amsterdam between the December 29th and January 1st and wanting to have a Caipirinha with me? urlLink Get in touch!

 Unbelievable that it's been a week since I ever got to touch my computer for more than a minute. Time has stood still and flown by. Being with him and having him here is normal and odd at the same time. I find myself staring at him in disbelief that this beautiful man has flown halfway round the world to see me. I keep touching him at all times, to be assured that he is there. And yes, the bed has been deflowered. And woah, Linnie send some urlLink Astro , just in time, too. (btw: Love you, dearie, tons, and I am still figuring out what to add to your package!) It's all overwhelming and good. The last week was strange and lovely and magical and lovely yet sometimes a bit emotionally draining (mainly during re-curring discussions about the state of my mental health). But despite that we're happy, I guess, very happy, in fact, and it's like the last 10 months never seperated us. It's been a busy week, too, with Christmas stress and fabulous friends of Ev staying over, and all really is pretty good, even though I am a bit sick and tired and needing a rest now (four people in this flat is a bit much). In any way, I am alive, and all is good. Heading home tomorrow, so in case I won't get a chance to update: Hope everyone has a peaceful couple of holidays. Love to you all.

 So strange: I am calm and super hyper at the same time, was nearly teary over listening urlLink Something for Kate 's "Back to you" ( for i have my compass i watch the sundial and i defy gravity just to get myself back to you... ) while on the bus home from the gym...but well, somehow, it still is way too surreal that I'll hop on the train, go to the airport and see him so soon...and that everything will be different for the next few weeks. *eeep* In any way, I am all dressed up and ready to go....and will be heading to the train station in just about 30 minutes. News once we're done with all the catching up. Might take a while. :) (Ginger, appreciated eMail tons, but really just didn't have the time to reply...sorry. Will write as soon as possible though. Not an empty promise like last time.)

 The plane taking him to Frankfurt should have already taken off now..... :)

 I did sleep. Shocking. Very shocking. Not much, a meagre 5 hours maybe, but it was probably a wise thing to do. So it's "the" day now. How weird is that? Really, excuse all that nothingness posted these last hours. I am trying to make sense but I just don't. My brain is taking a break to prepare for whatever sensory fun is ahead, I think, by turning off all intellectual connections. To waste some time later on, I think I'll get my Christmas Card thing going (which reminds me that I need to prepare 4 packages, too, for the two other angels, and Heather and Ev's family....) In any way, anyone want a christmas card? Handwritten and from Germany and (for those who are fond of Safer Sex) with a complimentary red or green (tis the season to be merry after all) condomi condom? urlLink Let me know . Would be a pleasure.

 He's in Bangkok now, where he will be for the next few hours. Gotta love urlLink Thai's flight tracking . Unbelievable, tis all fucking unbelievable. Like urlLink Saigonsam urlLink posted , it is rather unlikely that I'll sleep (especially now that I've consumed all three cans of Pepsi Max that I purchased earlier today), even though that would prolly be the wise thing to do; sleep I mean. I'll need to have some energy for what's ahead. I'll be delirious soon enough anyway. Geez. I can't even type coherenly now.

 22 hours. All I can say is: *eeeeep* Will I be able to sleep tonight?

 He's already at the airport now. eeeeeep! :) In the meantime, my preparations are progressing. Was already very busy today, and only have 5 things left for the day on my to-do list. Goodness. Just 32 hours to go.

 urlLink Tina made a funky movie for me. :)

 urlLink Moby has got a urlLink journal type blog thingy that is more than checking out worthy. Some wise stuff and links to interesting things (such as urlLink this NY photo essay called "venturing south" by his friend urlLink Damian Loeb . Only downside is uncomfy layout, simply because the order ain't chronological, and neato me is a fan of order (I am german, after all). Doesn't change anything about the good content though. examples: urlLink 2001-11-26: Yum...animal flavoured water for animals urlLink 2001-09-14: Hope and Healing urlLink 2001-11-30: George Harrison Take a look, very good.

 In case you wondered, btw, what kind of cat I killed in my dream, check out urlLink Catsinfo: Abyssinian . They apparently don't come with blue eyes though. Hm.

 The lovely Aria checked my scary cat killing dream in her dream reference book for the symbolics. "Poisoned animals in a dream indicate domestic troubles. To give a poison in a dream symbolises a broken friendship or love affair." "a dream of kittens indicates a pleasant but unimportant love affair." "to dream of killing animals predicts that you will overcome your obsticles through your own efforts" "blue indicates liberation from worry and / or help from outside sources" Interesting, hm? Thankfully, that cat wasn't a kitten, just a small Abyssinian. No meaningless affairs at the mo. In general, this seems to support Tinas analysis, hm?

 urlLink awww! (This was the "I am a Lance Armstrong fan" posting of the week. Now returning to the usual coverage of dreams about killing cats and ldr partner arrival angst.)

 By the way... it is 2 days, 5 hours, 22 minutes and 20 seconds to go. Or 192140 seconds or 3202 minutes or 53 hours. *eeep*

 I am very "off" today, for whatever reason. Woke up at 4am, after a horrible, horrible dream in which I poisoned a cat with window cleaner (a killing method which was inspired by watching bits of "Copycat" last Saturday; the cat was a tiny abyssinian, with large blue eyes, not like either of my cats). It was very bizarre. That cat was given to me to look after, and I was ordered to kill it. I didn't want to do it, felt very guilty afterwards, yet while watching the horribly slow death of the cat in my hallway, I didn't feel like I could change anything or help her. The cat, btw, was eerily human when dying. Like changing pictures rapidly between cat and human, don't know. I was lying on the floor next to the cat when she died. Tina thinks that I am the cat in the dream, and that this is about how I feel at home. I order myself to be the way my parents want me to be (that's what's behind the order theme that robbed me of any choices in the dream) and it's literally killing me. My initial idea was that this was about me and how I sabotage whatever project or duty is given to me. Anyway. It was a sucky dream, that left me awake for several hours. Nice. Next thing was that my mother told me during a phone call in the morn that my father apparently worries about me. For a change not about uni, my work or future, but about Evan and my relationship. He told my mother that he worried that Evan will just go back to Australia and not care about me and that this is all fake. Wonder why in all the world, if it worries him that much, he doesn't talk to me about it. It's nice to know that he *does* worry about me, but quite honestly, if Evan didn't care, why in all the world would he go at these lengths to be with me? Why would he keep up this thing for 2 years to play with me? Doesn't quite make sense, does it? The easier way would most definitely be being with someone in Australia. Oh well. Told my mother that I appreciated his worry, but was offended by it coming out in inappropriate statements such as " You and Evan shouldn't come here at Christmas" Wonder what Dr.K will say to all this. Maybe I should simply ask my father about it, and ask him why he can't discuss this with me, from adult to adult. Anyway. Did my laundry this morning, and really, that has lightened up my day a bit, even though an unidentified piece of clothing has again discoloured some stuff. Some of my favourite microfiber g-strings are now a slight hue of pink, and I am not amused. Wonder whether it was the discoloured pink stuff from last time or my pink pjs that are to blame here. When I went to pick up my laundry, a very pretty boy sat on the washers staring at the spin cycle and chatting me up almost immediately, in the loveliest way. Was a funky, taxing, flirt about what we do (and about our laundry), and really, it made me smile. Nothing like a funky little flirt to light up your day. In all honesty: I needed it. Have been so out of the lighthearted flirting circuit (if you don't take Andre into consideration that is). and well, it is calming to know that someone finds me appealing on first look even when I am wearing laundry day clothes and a beanie to hide my hair. Off to do some ironing though, which is, after all, one of my fave household duties ever. Yay. Preparations: going well. Excitement level: 'tis almost unbearable. Just two more nights alone in this bed.

 Things I find disturbing on a Sunday morning: An urlLink "MTV Masters" about Britney Spears. MTV MASTERS ? Pardon me. Nothing against Britney, let's not take liposuction, silicone breasts, playing the holy whore thing or whatever else into consideration (she does have nice abs after all), but a show called "Masters" about someone who published a total of three albums? I don't think so. One of the reasons I do not watch MTV these days. This banner ad for the anti-depressant urlLink Effexor in my WebMD Mental Health Newsletter.

 It's all a bit strange, I confess. It's now just about 90 hours before the toyboy arrives (for the exact time, please add 19 hours to the time displayed urlLink here ), and yes, I am starting to get excited. Like unable-to-eat-sleep-think-straight excited. Part of me still doesn't quite believe that it will happen, that he will arrive and we will be together and that all will be well. It was the same last year, too: Even standing at the train station early that Wednesday morning, waiting for the train to take me to the airport, I thought something would keep me from hopping on the plane. And well, earlier this year, I never had time to get used to the idea of him arriving. And when he was there, in that cinema, because it was so spontaenous and unplanned, it was all very surreal, and it took us several days and fights before issues were resolved and all was well. And now, he's almost here, and for the first time ever, all is good, we're both happy and looking forward to meeting up, convinced that this relationmship is good and can be good, and there is a very good chance it can all be good and fine, maybe even perfect this time. No family around to disturb us, no Jen, no unresolved issues at the moment, and my level of depression is reasonably low. Yet, I am a little scared. Not because I doubt us, but quite honestly, the kind of relationship we have is not exactly the easiest kind, we've made oir fair share of mistakes tp prove that, and putting it into the real life is always an experiment. Without a doubt, we have both changed and developed, even if only in small ways, in these past 10 months. Suddenly being together again will be both like recognizing and re-discovering the person that you know inside and out and to the core, the person that you love, and like discovering and getting used to new things about that person. I am not talking about our new and improved bodies here, even though that alone can be eerie (back when I was with D, after he returned from his 4 months in Brazil, our two completely overhauled bodies in bed were more than odd) but - while is a bit worrisome whether your body in real life (including stretch marks and other flaws) can compete with 10 months worth of fantasizing about it- really about deeper things. Yes, we talk lots, and exchange views, but there really is nothing quite like being together, waking up and falling asleep next to each other, like talking non stop, about important and unimportant things, like expressing feelings without words, like touching, holding, feeling. Nothing can substitute non-verbal communication. I really don't have the words to express what I feel. In my head, I've been making up scenarios about what it will be like to pick him up at the airport or what being on the train home from the airport might be like together, but the pictures inside my head are blurry, and I try to not imagine (and as a result expect) too much. I know already that it will be overwhelming and strange to see him in 3D. And I don't want to put the stress of too high epxectations on us either. No too extensive scenarios: he might be terribly tired and jetlagged, after all. Last time, because of the surreal situation in the cinema, the cameras, the attention and the fact we had to do that welcoming scene a whole of what 3 times? 4 times? (I can't even remember.), it took several hours (or rather days) until I realised that that person there was him, and that he was real, too. What will it be like this time? I also wonder about what being partnered again will be like. I don't worry about the living together bit much, because I know we've always be good at that (even though a few selected rules will be imposed this time, such as: "unpacking completely is a must, and a backpack in this room for the entire 7 weeks will not be tolerated" ), but it will be so exciting and kinda "new" again to sleep next to him, to touch and hold and kiss and taste and smell. Have been craving touching so badly these past months, that I at times felt like my body had fallen asleep to touching. With all that working out, and reconnecting with my body that feeling has faded, but still, there is no substitute for all this, and I wonder whether it will be overwhelming or not, to go from zero to onehundred % so quickly. The one thing I care about the most is that we can manage to give each other enough room to make that transition. Not easy to reconnect and leave enough room for each other and even harder to want closeness or time apart at the exact same time, too. - And to communicate about your needs easily, after that much time apart. In any way, this is all exciting. Oh so very exciting. And while my top priority is still to be in a reasonably good shape health wise by Wednesday, the other things on the (finally jotted down) to do list really aren't all that bad anymore. It will all be done on time. Gee, people, I am happy. And (have I mentioned that yet?) excited, too. :) eeeeeep!

 Last night was good. A nice christmas party, with christmas party humor and talk and jokes. Really, overall, it was fun, even though Bernhard, who had organised it all, should have made a warning re: clothing, as the anticipated walk was a lot longer (and colder) than expected. In any way, it was a good evening. Met at the centre, and Gudrun had gotten envelopes with orders for the group. Caught a train to a place nearby, hopped out there, walked in the crisp clean air and sunset for a good hour before we met Bernhard in the middle of nowhere, who read out a funny christmas story edited in such a way that everyone from ProFa was mentioned. Very sharp humour. Walked some more, until we reached the winery of some friends of Bernhard, where the real party took place. Had food, and a wine tasting and laughed a lot during silly games and wore Santa hats for the majority of the evening. The things you do at Christmas parties. It really was nice overall, even though I was totally drained when we finally took the train home just after ten. Bit much for me, the first day out of bed. Andre was there, and well, to be honest (and without trying to exaggerate my influence on him), it wasn't entertaining at all to see the look on his face & his reaction when someone asked details about Ev's arrival and our relationship in general. Got a sarcastic "so you two are in love then" . Ouch. He had known about him in the first place, so? But still: Evil me. Playing doesn't feel nice if someone appears to be hurt after all. Anyway. Somehow, Saturday is already over, too. Was a quiet day that passed in a flash. Slept late after more strange dreams, talked to Ev, went to the gym with Tina for a gentle workout and the rather stunning discovery that I have lost 9 pounds (here's hoping it wasn't just muscle from not working out for a week), and spend the rest of the day recovering from the working out and yesterady in my bed, dozing to the tv. Now it's 6pm, I think I should cook (or buy somewhere) a real meal, and other things on my to do list for the rest of the weekend are.... sorting additions into my law books and doing some study, cleaning the bathroom and hall (the rest of my place is shockingly clean already), answering long waiting eMail, and giving myself a mani- and pedicure. Will try my best at doing any of that. Oh well. Not so good news of the day: my killer perioral dermatitis has returned, and only the higher beings know what sparked this. The weather & cold? (but then I had it in the middle of summer, too) Any cleaning agents used yesterday morn? My just overcome flu? The fact I washed my face three times yesterday? The stress? My dermatologist would assume the latter, I think. Anyway. No hard feelings to my face as of yet. Need to care for it better, obviously. Enough rambling for now. It is very very dark outside, sleepy me feels like it's already the middle of the night. Now on to search for some food.

 I just woke up from a dream about blog people. It starred urlLink saigonsam and urlLink shauny . I can't quite remember the complete context, but what I remember is that saigonsam and me were a team in a paintball fight, and miss shauny was watching us from a balcony above the field, at her company's christmas party, surrounded by people with champagne glasses, waving at saigonsam and me. Wick MediNait (NyQuil) induced dreams are funky.

 Am sitting here, listening to my "down and out" winamp playlist, even though I really am not down at all. "A Song for the lovers" is running right now, and that glorious, glorious song always reminds me of the first time I ever heard it, standing with Ev in the middle of his room in Melbourne one night, (and I am dead sure that I have mentioned that before) being overwhelmed by the longing and the drive of the music and the lyrics and whatever was going on inside my head back then. Today was a surprisingly hectic day, really, that passed by in the blink of an eye, just like the last few days and weeks have. Studied some, checked some stuff with train tickets out for Ev, and around noon went out shopping for Ev's and Tina's Adventscalendar. I know, rather embarrassing to do it on the 6th of December, but then, Ev won't need his until the 12th, and Tina already got her bit for the 1st (which is World AIDS Day, so everyone gets condoms and Safer Sex info), so I really am not all that lazy and bad. Now please, imagine me standing at the cashiers at the supermarket, buying the following things: two bottles of water, two packs of choc rusks and two things each of various kinds of chocolates and sweets (overall, a good 50 or so pieces). It looked like the shopping basket of a severly bulimic/overeating (because of the water, and the amount of very unhealthy food) obsessive compulsive (because it was two of each I had) person. I swear, everyone in line stared at me, and I really could hardly compose myself, it was so very very entertaining. Hopped into ProFa later to do some computer stuff, bring the urlLink ridiculous little website up to date and upload some pics to it, help Nicole with some letters and inquire about tomorrow: Tis the ProFa Christmas party/excursion tomorrow, and apart from Bernhard, who organised it all, no one knows what's going to happen; all very exciting. We're meeting at 4pm at the center, and will take it from there. Wasn't allowed to come to the excursion in the summer (they didn't take any volunteers along back then), so this will be a new thing . Andre, who hadn't reacted to my message left in his drawer last week (leaving my eMail addie and inquiring about when I would get the questionnaire from him), was there, too, and spend an odd amount of time in the office with Nicole and me, expecting something from me, apparently. Interesting. Entertaining, too. Looking forward to tomorrow. I expect, at the least, some nice food and drink and entertaining conversations. Not bad, not bad. The rest of the day was spent wrapping all the single pieces of unhealthy "food" into little packs, and number then and make them nice and displayable (Tina's packs are all tied together, Ev's reside in a nice green stitched Christmas bag). Oh, I can be such a creative little ass and good friend sometimes. hehe. *patting myself on the back* So this was today. Am feeling relatively ok, even though this afternoon, some mighty big headache attacked me and made me realize that maybe I've overdone it today already. So tomorrow I'll try to spend the morning nice and low and cleaning my flat, finally. Later, Tina and I will be out lingerie shopping (for her, not me) before I need to rest to prepare for the wild aftenoon and evening that's probably/hopefully ahead of me. All well, all well. And for goodness sake, 6 days from now, he'll be here. I write that down, but really can not quite grasp it Fucking unbelievable. :) i spend the night yeah looking for my insides in a hotel room waiting for you we're gonna make it tonight yeah something in the air tells me the time is right so we'd better get it on and dj, play a song for the lovers, tonight please, play a song for the lovers, tonight don't wanna wait lord i've been waiting all my life but i'm too late again i know but i was scared can't you see i'm moving like a train into some foreign land i ain't got a ticket for this ride but i will ooh, play a song for the lover, tonight dj, play a song for the lover, tonight dj, play a song for the lovers, tonight please play a song for the lovers, tonight can't stop looking back no no one more for the lovers oh brother won't you lend a hand i'm alone in a room and i'm waiting for love i don't know when this trains gonna stop but i'm telling you friend i don't want to get up a song for the lovers ~richard ashcroft~

 Can someone explain to me how and why I received the same piece of spam from the same eMail address 868 times today? And it's not even porn! No "BRITNEY SUCKS HORSE DICK", no boring "Copy all DVDs" not "FIND YOUR LIFEPARTNER" or "CONSOLIDATE DEBT", not "We've located your money" or "You have been approved". It's "Watch Wild Birds Hatch Thru Your Window" 868 times. Unbelievable. Very bizarre. Blessed be the Hotmail Junk Mail folder.

 Have I mentioned it lately? I think I have, but I will do it again: Tina is my queen. My hero. The bestest mate in the world. She came over this afternoon, and what did she bring? Pepsi light and urlLink Brandt Rusks . knowing you can always count on me, for sure that's what friends are for for good times and bad times i'll be on your side forever more that's what friends are for :) How blessed I am to have her. Indeed. In other news: Phone call with the toyboy, who also can't really belive that it's urlLink just a week(!) to go . Managed to drag my sniffing, headachy self into the cellar and clean it up and make enough space to get the old mattress and some other random stuff that was cluttering up this tiny appartement in there. Need to throw lots of stuff out and give it to charity, but really, for now I can use my kitchen again, and have some storage space both up here and in the cellar. wow. Excuse me, I am exhausted now though and need to collapse into my huge new bed now, eat a rusk or two and watch urlLink Buffy and urlLink Angel later on. Life is surprisingly good, if you do not take the state of my health into consideration.

 Footnote to World AIDS Day. How could I forget posting text from one of the best films dealing with HIV/AIDS? It is Derek Jarman's "Blue". - If you can call it a film, that is. You get to sit in front of an Yves Klein monochrome blue screen, for the entire 76 minutes of the film, with poems, lists of medications and excerpts from Jarman's diary being read, spoken, over a soundscape of music and noises. Brilliant piece of art. And even without the blue screen, the words get to you. blue ~derek jarman blue bottle buzzing lazy days the sky blue butterfly sways on a cornflower lost in the warmth of the blue heat haze singing the blues quiet and slowly blue of my heart blue of my dreams slow blue love of delphinum days blue is the universal love in which man bathes it is the terrestrial paradise i'm walking along the beach in a howling gale another year is passing in the roaring waters i hear the voices of dead friends love is life that lasts forever my hearts memory turns to you david howard graham terry paul but what if that present were the worlds last night in the setting sun our love fades fails to rise thrice denied by cock crow in the dawn's first light .... the virus rages fierce. i have no friends now who are not dead or dying. like a blue frost it caught them. at work, at the cinema, on marches and beaches. in churches on thei knees, running, flying, silent or shouting protest. it started with sweats in the night and swollen glands. then the black cancers spread across the faces as they fought breath tb and pneumonia hammered the lungs, and toxo at the brain. reflexes scrambled sweat poured through hair matted like lianas in the tropical forest. voices slurred and then were lost forever. my pen chased this story across the page, tossed this way and that in the storm. ... here i am again in the waiting room. hell on earth is a waiting room. here you know you are not in control of yourself, waiting for your name to be called: "712213". here you have no name, confidentiality is nameless. where is 666? am i sitting opposite him/her? maybe 666 is the demented woman switching the channels on the tv. ... how are we perceived if we are perceived at all? for the most part, we are invisible. ... in the paper today: three quarters of the aids organisations are not providing safer sex information. one district said they had no queers in the community, but you might try district x they have a theatre. ... the darkness comes in with the tide the year slips on the calendar your kiss flares a match struck in the night flares and dies my slumber broken kiss me again kiss me kiss me again and again never enough greedy lips speedwell eyes blue skies ... a young man frail as belsen walks slowly down the corridor his pale green hospital pyjamas hanging off him it's very quiet just the sit and coughing my jugsy eye blots out the young man who walked past my field of vision this illness knocks you out for six just as you start to forget it a bullet in the back of the head might be easier you know, you can take longer than the second world war to get to the grave ... i caught myself looking at shoes in a shop window. i thought of going in and buying a pair, but stopped myself. the shoes i am wearing at the moment should be sufficient to walk me out of life. pearl fishers in azure seas deep waters washing the isle of the dead in coral harbours amphora spill golf across the still seabed we lie there fanned by the billowing sails of forgotten ships tossed by the mournful winds of the deep lost boys sleep forever in a dear embrace salt lips touching in submarine gardens cool marble fingers touch an antique smile shell sounds whisper deep love drifting o the tide forever the smell of him dead good looking in beauty's summer his blue jeans around his ankles bliss in my ghostly eye kiss me on the lips on the eyes our name will be forgotten in time no one will remember our work our life will pass like the traces of a cloud and be scattered like mist that is chased by the rays of the sun for our time is the passing of a shadow and our lives will run like sparks through the stubble i place a delphinum, blue, upon your grave

 I swear, it happened because I thought to myself late Sunday Night "What a miracle that I haven't gotten sick this winter yet despite my not eating, the vitamins must be working." . I woke up Monday morn with a sore throat so bad that I could barely talk, fought my way through dis-assembling my old bed, assembling my new bed (with the gracious help of queen Tina), carrying bed parts through town and to the shop and back to my flat in a sweat and feeling like hell; headed off to IKEA and shopped for some necessities (sheets for the new bed) before I literally collapsed into the new bed, which feels divine and is so big that I feel lonely in there alone: but I slept crappily, as one does when sick. Had a therapy session this morn (which was good), shopped for about 3 food items before I headed home to collapse into bed yet again. Where I stayed for a big chunck of the day. I swear, all of this is to blame on not eating. That's how I got the sore throat, and ear infection and whatever else is bothering me. To top that off, I made the mistake of taking medication supposed to be taken with food without food, suffered from stomach cramps for about 6 hours. So bad that I couldn't walk. Nice. In any way, I am off to bed. Don't expect any splendid entertainment from me anytime soon. I can't hear and am moody and feeling like shit. And yes, my to do list still isn't written (even though the unwritten one is significantly shorter now that the bed has been organised and set up), and yes, he's arriving tomorrow in a week and I can't wait, and whatnot. Plus I have a new bed waiting to be deflowered. Anyone who loves me and wants to be nice, bring over some rusks and make tea for me, please? I need someone to look after me. *pout* Before you head over: The offer of deflowering the bed is only open to the toyboy though, sorry. ;) More when I feel better. ginger: eMail reply coming soon, promise.

 Am all computered out after yesterday's little tour de force. But it was good, and needed, and I enjoyed, it, too. To see how much *I* had learned throughout all this, I did the little urlLink HIV/AIDS knowledge test at avert.com this morning, and scored 100% in the general questions, 70% in the statistics section, and 80% in the harder general type questions. Not too shabs, me thinks. Two things I didn't mention yesterday, even though they would have been suitable, was that I hopped over the KaJo (the main pedestrian preceinct) around noon yesterday, on my way to the supermarket, to pay a visit to the people I know from the local AIDShilfe chapter who had their stand there. They were super busy doing the usual World AIDS Day collecting donations/giving out ribbons/dispensing condoms thing, and it was nice to see them all again (met everyone when doing the cinema thing a few weeks back), dontated some money, looked over the stuff (which I all knew, obviously), and again offered some help to the gal (whose name I have forgotten) from the HIV positive women's initiative, to do some online stuff for them. Let's see whether she calls this time. While the funding situation of the AIDShilfen all over Germany sure is getting more and more difficult, I must say that what is easier for them, in contrast to ProFa, is that they don't need to explain to people what exactly they do, and why support is important. Everyone sure was flocking to their stand yesterday. - All well deserved, of course. Other thing I didn't mention was that I watched Philadelphia for the xst time. And yes, I cried, as usually. I felt so edgy and enraged and sad all day yesterday that I needed that; athere wasn't a candlelight vigil this year where I could have done that and gotten some support and be around people, I needed to let go in front of the TV. I didn't cry for Tom Hanks character, or for the story (the more often I see it, the more I see how this is not a typical AIDS story at all, and that I hate the fact that there isn't even a kiss between Antonio Banderas and Tom Hanks), I cried for Wilton and Glenn, and Pedro Zamora, and Nkosi Johnson, for the vietnamese sex worker (but not for the idiotic backpacker from denmark who wanted to screw her without a condom) and the young chap frm the staying alove docu, and for everyone else who died or is as dying as a result of AIDS. It was quite the same feeling I had when I watched the movie for the first time, years ago, on holiday in London with Anna, in a theatre on King's Road, in lovely Chelsea, near our hotel. I cried because no one should die that way, that young. I cried because of the prejudice surrounding the disease, and being gay, and because no dumb kid at the boards mentioned World AIDS day. I cried because it is such a frightening disease, and while it appears to be easily manageable in the western world, people in Africa are without weapons against it. So that was that. It helped though. Anyway. Today was a low day, that passed by in a flash, just like yesterday. urlLink Worked out for 2 hours , cooked dinner, watched Making the band, and now it's almost 9pm, somehow, and my place is still a mess; a mess that I need to clean up as my mattress is delivered tomorrow morn. Didn't tidy up my cellar yet. Need to do that as soon as the mattress has been delivered. Busy day tomorrow, no doubt. Also need to answer some nice eMail tonight, just I didn't quite manage that this weekend so far; and also need to start the stupid stupid Amsterdam Hotel hunt again. Because lo and behold, just like I predicted it, the friend of Ev who had offered to organise it has backed out. The hotel he recommended was a killing 145 Euros anyway, and pardon me, no, I can not afford that. Not even if that's for a triple room. Ack. Tina found that all rather funny, and you know it is. It's like I predicted it, and just what I wanted to prevent. Anyway. This much for now, got a room to tidy up now. And a piercing to clean, which i neglected these last days a bit, stupid me, it was no nice and not red until the evil evil ab work out this morn. That aside, I think I might really need to do a real to do list one of these days. Otherwise, I'll never get it all done before Ev arrives.

 will you still love me tomorrow? ~the shirelles~ tonight you're mine completely you give your love so sweetly tonight the light of love is in your eyes but will you love me tomorrow? is this a lasting treasure or just a moment's pleasure? can i believe the magic of your sighs? will you still love me tomorrow? tonight with words unspoken you say that i'm the only one but will my heart be broken when the night meets the morning sun? i'd like to know that your love is love i can be sure of so tell me now, and i won't ask again will you still love me tomorrow? will you still love me tomorrow? ...and with this song, which if you read or hear it and think about the impact HIV/AIDS has had on relationships, becomes almost unbearably sad for me, the "anything but...sanity" World AIDS Day 2001 Special Coverage as part of urlLink linkandthink 2001 concludes. I hope you followed some of the links, learned something new or were reminded of something and got thinking. And I hope you weren't completely put off by my sexpert tone sometime. Blame it on the urlLink boards , I am used to talk about these issues with young 'uns. :) However, let's not forget that we all should be practising Safer Sex 24/7/365, and that HIV positive people and the organisations that support them need our donations, attention and support all year round, too. So please, let's all try to think/care/worry about HIV/AIDS more often than just on December 1st every year. For our own health, and our global well-being.

 AIDS in africa:death stalks a continent Without a doubt, Sub Saharan Africa has the hardest hit part of the world by the HIV/AIDS pandemic. Earlier this year, TIME Magazine had an excellent special report on AIDS in Africa: urlLink Death Stalks a continent The urlLink main article begins like this: "Imagine your life this way. You get up in the morning and breakfast with your three kids. One is already doomed to die in infancy. Your husband works 200 miles away, comes home twice a year and sleeps around in between. You risk your life in every act of sexual intercourse. You go to work past a house where a teenager lives alone tending young siblings without any source of income. At another house, the wife was branded a whore when she asked her husband to use a condom, beaten silly and thrown into the streets. Over there lies a man desperately sick without access to a doctor or clinic or medicine or food or blankets or even a kind word. At work you eat with colleagues, and every third one is already fatally ill. You whisper about a friend who admitted she had the plague and whose neighbors stoned her to death. Your leisure is occupied by the funerals you attend every Saturday. You go to bed fearing adults your age will not live into their 40s. You and your neighbors and your political and popular leaders act as if nothing is happening. Across the southern quadrant of Africa, this nightmare is real. The word not spoken is AIDS, and here at ground zero of humanity's deadliest cataclysm, the ultimate tragedy is that so many people don't know - or don't want to know - what is happening." It really is an excellent article that goes in depth about local traditions harming HIV protection or treatment. I remember a part that shocked me most was this bit about the truck driver Chikoka. For me, it illustrated that unless local communities begin changing social structures and send a stronger message of responsibility to men, and unless people get comprehensive sex education that shows why local traditions are harmful, and how they need to be changed to make them safer, it will be hard to put a hold to the situation in Sub Saharan Africa. "Chikoka nods his head toward another woman sitting beside a stack of cardboard cartons. "We like better to go to them," he says. They are the "businesswomen," smugglers with gray-market cases of fruit and toilet paper and toys that they need to transport somewhere up the road. "They come to us, and we negotiate privately about carrying their goods." It's a no-cash deal, he says. "They pay their bodies to us." Chikoka shrugs at a suggestion that the practice may be unhealthy. "I been away two weeks, madam. I'm human. I'm a man. I have to have sex." What he likes best is dry sex. In parts of sub-Saharan Africa, to please men, women sit in basins of bleach or saltwater or stuff astringent herbs, tobacco or fertilizer inside their vagina. The tissue of the lining swells up and natural lubricants dry out. The resulting dry sex is painful and dangerous for women. The drying agents suppress natural bacteria, and friction easily lacerates the tender walls of the vagina. Dry sex increases the risk of HIV infection for women, already two times as likely as men to contract the virus from a single encounter. The women, adds Chikoka, can charge more for dry sex, 50 or 60 rands ($6.46 to $7.75), enough to pay a child's school fees or to eat for a week. Chikoka knows his predilection for commercial sex spreads AIDS; he knows his promiscuity could carry the disease home to his wife; he knows people die if they get it. "Yes, HIV is terrible, madam," he says as he crooks a finger toward the businesswoman whose favors he will enjoy that night. "But, madam, sex is natural. Sex is not like beer or smoking. You can stop them. But unless you castrate the men, you can't stop sex and then we all die anyway."

 staying alive Just watched the docu urlLink staying alive produced and sponsored by urlLink MTV , urlLink UNAIDS , urlLink The World Bank and urlLink Kaiser Family Foundation . Am impressed. Very impressed indeed. But then, MTV (over here) has always been very good in regards to HIV education. Missed out on the latest one, and only saw staying alive2. Hope I get to see a repeat of staying alive 3; otherwise I'll have to watch it online.

 testing According to a study published last Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention a whopping 30% of people who were considered at risk for HIV had never been tested. These results suggest that a substantial segment of people with the virus don't realize they have it and are probably spreading it. For the study, please check out urlLink CNN:Health . Getting an HIV antibody test is the only way you can find out whether you are infected with HIV or not. Worried about getting an STD screen or HIV test? Getting a screen when you've been irresponsible is scary, yes, but necessary. For all about STD screenings, check out urlLink Scarleteen: Testing, Testing 1,2,3 ; for all about HIV tests, check out urlLink What U do: What happens when you test for HIV .

 not faceless: nkosi johnson Nkosi Johnson, who was born with HIV and became an outspoken champion of others infected with the AIDS virus, died in June 2001 of the disease he battled for all 12 years of his life. Nkosi had been praised for his openness about his infection in South Africa, a country where people suspected of carrying the AIDS virus often are shunned by their families and chased from their communities. Former South African President Nelson Mandela called him an "icon of the struggle for life." "Children, such as Nkosi Johnson, should be enjoying a life filled with joy and laughter and happiness," Mandela said in a recent statement. "On a frightening scale, HIV/AIDS is replacing that joy, laughter and happiness with paralyzing pain and trauma." Nkosi achieved lots in his life: together with his foster mother, he successfully fought to force a public primary school to admit him, a fight that led to a policy forbidding schools from discriminating against HIV-positive children, and to guidelines for how schools should treat infected pupils. He became internationally known with a speech at the opening of the 13th International AIDS conference last July in Durban, South Africa, in which he asked that AIDS sufferers no longer be stigmatized. He also raised money for Nkosi's Haven, a Johannesburg shelter for HIV-positive women and their children. Read more about Nkosi at urlLink CNN: Nkosi - The Public Face of HIV and urlLink CNN: Young South African AIDS activist dies .

 truth in advertising? "On bus shelters, billboards, subway stations and other public spaces in New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles and Miami, a relatively new addition to the landscape has come under fire. Critics are in an uproar over upbeat advertisements for prescription drugs designed to suppress the HIV virus . The ads often feature attractive, healthy looking models, with muscled bodies and chiseled faces that mirror the ideals of beauty often held up in gay enclaves from San Francisco to New York." urlLink Salon: the Joe Camel ads of AIDS?

 organizations and initiatives: germany In need of some German HIV/AIDS resources? Check out... urlLink Deutsche Aidshilfe . urlLink Gib AIDS Keine Chance urlLink Mach's mit , Safer Sex site of the urlLink BZgA . urlLink Deutsche AIDS Gesellschaft urlLink Big Spender , Fundraising for HIV/AIDS urlLink Reminders Day Fundraising Organisation for HIV/AIDS, organising the urlLink Stars 2001 AIDS Gala

 frontpage Got a urlLink frontpage appearance today, with a little urlLink blogged article for the young ones on HIV/AIDS . :)

 streets of philadelphia ~bruce springsteen~ i was bruised and battered and i couldn't tell what i felt i was unrecognizable to myself saw my reflection in a window i didn't know my own face oh brother are you gonna leave me wasting away on the streets of Philadelphia i walked the avenue till my legs felt like stone i heard the voices of friends vanished and gone at night i could hear the blood in my veins just as black and whispering as the rain on the streets of Philadelphia ain't no angel gonna greet me it's just you and i my friend and my clothes don't fit me no more i walked a thousand miles just to slip this skin the night has fallen, i'm lyin' awake i can feel myself fading away so receive me brother with your faithless kiss or will we leave each other alone like this on the streets of philadelphia

 not faceless: pedro zamora Pedro Zamora, who probably gave AIDS a face for many people my age, died at age 22 of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy in November 1994, as a result of HIV/AIDS. Pedro was an AIDS activist and educator who had found out about his infection at age 17. I had first read about him in a book on HIV I got in 1992 or 1993 called "HIV a virus ain't picky" which delivered short answers to common questions on HIV transmission, Safer Sex and AIDS and featured short interviews of young people with HIV. One of them was Pedro, describing how he felt on the day that he was told he was HIV positive; the same Pedro who would, in 1994, move into a house on San Francisco's Russian Hill, to be filmed for several months for MTV's "The Real World in SF". Back then, reality TV was new & hot & different from what it is today, and being an openly gay & HIV positive young man of Cuban descent on that show, a US show, was revolutionary in its own way. Pedro came across as a very sympathetic, loving, open guy, who shared lots with the audience, including the marriage to his partner. He died very shortly after the last episode of "Real World" was broadcast, and I remember sitting in front of my parent's tv watching the tribute to Pedro's life and being completely and utterly devastated; I hadn't known this man, had never met him, but had watched a part of his life, and spirit and brilliance, and knowing that that life was lost, no matter whether it would affect my life directly, was unbelievably saddening. His friend and fellow Real World Cast member urlLink Judd Winick (the comic guy), publicly spoke about Pedro and HIV/AIDS in the months after he had passed away, and drew and wrote a much praised book about his friendship with Pedro called urlLink Pedro and me and wrote extensively about his friend urlLink on his website . You can also see urlLink Pedro's quilt at the urlLink AIDSquilt: The Names Project .

 recommended reading /both fiction and facts dealing with HIV/AIDS Alan Gurganus urlLink "Plays well with others" (1997): "Written with erotic candor and wild comic energy, Plays well with Others is a great novel about contemporary Manhattan and the AIDS pandemic. A group of friends, gifted, ambitious and sexually venturesome, are poised to the brink of fame, even artistic immortality, when an unaccountable disease makes its own career among them." Armistead Maupin urlLink "Tales of the City I-VI" : A group pf people connected by a house on Russian Hill and it's transsexual landlady, shares the highs and lows of the 70's and 80's in San Francisco. Heartbreakingly funny and heartbreaking, too, it is full of characters of all genders and orientations that you don't want to let go. I cried when Jon, Michael Mouse Tolliver' gynaecologist partner dies, and I cried during Maupin's urlLink Maybe the Moon , too, when I read that Ned, Michael's workmate in the Tales, died of AIDS, too. Maupin mixes up fiction and real life to such a degree that you just can not get away from his characters; you do not put any book of his down for a pause. And well, you just gotta love Michael Mouse in his search for love. No way around it. Simon Garfield urlLink "The End of Innocence Britain in the Time of AIDS" (1996): A powerful book on the arrival of HIV in the UK and the failure of the government to adequately react. Deals with both personal experience, medical and legal issues and historics of HIV. Obviously dated now in regards to research, but very direct in language, gripping in style and moving in regards to the personal accounts. David Rees urlLink "Packing it in" : The coda to David Rees autobiography "not for your hands" is a travel diary/collection of short essays that describes Rees's travels as a gay HIV positive men who knows about the finality of his travels. Stunning not just for the accurate descriptions of traveling in Australia and New Zealand (and others), but also for the distinct view on the gay life he observes has he travels.

 no lessons learned? "A generation ago, we dreamed of the day when AIDS would no longer take so much from usour innocence, our loved ones, our hope. That day arrived in our community in 1996 with the advent of protease inhibitors and their unprecedented ability to stabilize the AIDS virus. And what have we done with this remarkable opportunity? Unfortunately, the answer is "not much." [...] Where is our horror and indignation? Where are the impassioned speeches? What ever happened to safer-sex campaigns? Where are the celebrities wearing red ribbons at every awards event? Why are our community leaders and politicians so silent? What became of our tearful promises to the loved ones that perished from AIDS that "never again" would we allow something so preventable to kill our own people? It seems as if the freight trains from our inner-city ghettos to the Auschwitz of AIDS are running full speed and we are doing precious little to stop them. Those of us who witnessed the long nightmare of the pre-1996 AIDS pandemic are scratching our collective heads and asking ourselves, Why is this happening again? Are we doomed to repeat this nightmare with every new generation? While it is clear that recreational drug use and the arrogance and ignorance of youth have a role to play, there must be something more fundamental at work here. Has AIDS just become yesterdays news? Has the newfound health of previously dying people given us a false sense of security? Have we all moved on to care more about AIDS in Africa than at home? Are the currently fashionable, more fund-raiser-friendly conditions du jourlike breast cancer and Alzheimersblinding us to the continuing grim statistics of the domestic HIV pandemic? Have the pharmaceutical industrys advertisements for HIV medications portraying AIDS patients with healthy, bright-faced models numbed us to the uglier realities of living with HIV infection? " urlLink "Never again" by Gary R. Cohan, MD at urlLink The Advocate .

 does love protect you? urlLink Is HIV still a risk if you're faithful to your partner? "Being in love, going steady, or even getting married does not automatically protect you from HIV. The virus doesn't know how you feel. You can only get HIV from someone who is infected with HIV, and even then only if you do things that can spread the virus. But even people who have sex with only one person can get HIV. People don't always tell the truth, and they don't always know if they are infected. [...]Sometimes it is just easier to protect yourself than to keep track of other people. Even people you really like can have things going on that you just don't know about." urlLink What You do is a comprehensive resource for teens about HIV & AIDS.

 one song glory ~roger in "rent"~ one song glory one song before i go glory one song to leave behind find one song one last refrain glory from the pretty boy front man who wasted opportunity one song he had the world at his feet glory in the eyes of a young girl a young girl find glory beyond the cheap coloured lights one song before the sun sets glory- on another empty life time flies - time dies glory - one blaze of glory one blaze of glory - glory find glory in a song that rings true truth like a blazing fire an eternal flame find one song a song about love glory from the soul of a young man a young man find the one song before the virus takes hold glory like a sunset one song to redeem this empty life time flies and then - no need to endure anymore time dies

 not faceless: personal stories urlLink Living with HIV . These personal stories of HIV-positive women, men, teens and family members of those who are HIV-positive, have AIDS or have died from AIDS, really got to me.

 not faceless: the crew at "hiv stops with me" I believe in being Honest and Open - urlLink Felicia I believe in Sex - urlLink Jeff I believe in the Future- urlLink JB I believe in Keeping my Partner Safe- urlLink Scot I believe in using Condoms - urlLink Jay I believe in Myself - urlLink Tracy Yo confio en mi comunidad - urlLink Alfredo urlLink

 not faceless: hiv and action against it around the world As mentioned before, HIV is color-blind, orientation-blind, culture-blind and gender-blind. HIV/AIDS has countless faceless. And treating and countering HIV/AIDS has, too. Look at urlLink these photos from UNAIDS for new perspectives. urlLink A social worker shows a young man how to use a condom at the Red Crescent Society in Egypt urlLink A well-known football player talks about HIV/AIDS in a school in Kenya urlLink A social worker counsels an injecting drug user at a needle exchange bus in Switzerland urlLink A pregnant young woman receives her HIV results during a counselling session in Botswana

 AIDS: 20 years of an epedemic "On June 5, 1981, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention published a notice on page two of its Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report about a strange outbreak of killer pneumonia striking homosexual men. From that obscure beginning, AIDS grew into the public health disaster of our time, a global phenomenon that has tested social, cultural, religious and scientific beliefs. Twenty years later -- with expensive drug therapies but no cure or vaccine in sight -- AIDS continues to spread rapidly, especially in sub-Saharan Africa. Many researchers warn that the worst is yet to come." urlLink CNN: in depth HIV/AIDS is not *that* in depth if you compare it to some other resources available, but offers information on from what a retrovirus is, to a timeline of HIV, a focus on HIV/AIDS in Africa to some recent news. This was first launched this summer, for the 20 year anniversary of the discovery of HIV.

 global statistics From urlLink The UNAIDS: AIDS epidemic update report, December 2001 In 2001, there were 14.000 new AIDS infections a day , more than 95% of new infections occurred in developing countries. Of these 14.000 daily infections, 6.000 cases (which is half of all new infections in adults per day) are in people between the ages of 15 and 24 . In all newly infected people over 15, almost 50% are female. Overall, 5 Million people, of whom 800.00 were children, were newly infected with HIV in 2001. There were also 40 million people living with HIV/AIDS , among them 17,2 Million women, and 2,7 Million children under 15. This year, there were 3 Million AIDS deaths , among them 580.000 children.

 one ~u2~ ...have you come here for forgiveness? have you come to raise the dead? have you come here to play jesus...to the lepers in your head? did i ask too much? more than a lot? you gave me nothing now it's all i got we're one...but we're not the same we hurt each other...then we do it again you say love is a temple. love a higher law love is a temple. love the higher law you ask me to enter...but then you make me crawl and i can't be holding on...to what you got. when all you got is hurt one love one blood one life you got to do what you should one life with each other sisters brothers one life...but we're not the same we get to carry each other carry each other one

 relationships: family HIV is often an isolating disease. Despite efforts to educate the public about the fact that HIV is a virus and hence color-blind, culture-blind, orientation-blind and gender-blind, the stigma of the gay disease that "you go out and work hard to get yourself" remains. People living with AIDS very often not only face the stigma of the disease itself, but also that of their sexual orientation, too. While the situation of the queer community has in general improved over the past decades, AIDS, without a doubt, has been a setback. When living in a GLBT love bubble (as I feel like I do) one can forget that many people still experience discrimination and hostility because of their orientation or being HIV positive, not only by strangers or government organisations or their health insurance, but even by their own families. Take a look at urlLink The Letter Wars ; which the gay, HIV positive and partnered urlLink Wes and Tom have put online. The letters tell the story of the family quarrel that evolved when Wes announced that he would bring his partner of three years to a family convention. An aunt of his got rather intense with the homophobic bible waving argumentations, and after Wes tried hard to tackle her arguments with sound reasoning, she even claimed Tom (but not the also seropositive Wes) would be a risk for the other attendees of the family reunion, because she argued that HIV was transmitted through casual contact (note: only in Toms, not in Wes's case). The letters instantly reminded me of the letters in urlLink Armistead Maupin's "More Tales of the City" when Michael Tolliver (one of my fave characters from a book ever) writes a coming out letter to his fundamentalist parents in faraway Florida. And apparently urlLink Wes recognized the similarity between his letters and Michaels letter, too.

 I caredo you? I caredo you? is the slogan for the urlLink UNAIDS World Aids Campaign 2001, the second year of a two year campaign intended to create a sustained focus on the role of men in the AIDS epidemic, as HIV infection is highestwith the exception of sub-saharan Africa- in men. Some facts about men and HIV/AIDS : Approximately one-quarter of those living with HIV/AIDS are men under 25 . More than 70% of HIV infections worldwide are estimated to result from sex between men and women . Ten percent can be traced to sexual transmission between men, and 5% of infections are due to needle-sharing by people who inject drugs. Four out of five injecting drug users are men. Studies show that when young men lack sexual health education (which can provide them with an understanding of their own bodies, pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections), they have an increased risk of contracting HIV. Many young people get their sexual health information from unreliable sources. Studies from countries as diverse as Cameroon, Costa Rica, the Philippines and Zimbabwe reveal that, while parents often provide young girls with some sexual health education (usually relating to menstruation and pregnancy), boys rarely receive any. Most societies assign the role of breadwinner to men and confer special privileges upon both men and boys, compared to women and girls. These privileges often include the right to have sex outside of longer-term relationships or to engage in extra-marital relationships, which can increase the risk of HIV infection for both men and women. In many societies, boys and young men are conditioned not to express their emotions, to maintain formal relationships with their children, and to use violence to resolve conflicts and maintain their "honor." Within the context of HIV and AIDS, such conditioning is particularly worrying since it reinforces the view that men do not have a caregiving role, and can result in behavior that places themselves and others at risk of HIV infection. Some Ideas proposed include : Provide boys and young men with information and life skills that will enable them to ensure their reproductive health, based on wise, responsible choices -- choices that include abstinence and delayed sexual activity, as well as safer sex. Train doctors and health workers to talk with their patients about sexual behavior , safer sex, and substance abuse, including injecting drug use and drinking. Promote 100% condom use among boys and young men beginning their sexual lives, since it is easier to maintain behavioral patterns that are learned early in life. Promote the message that condoms provide more pleasure because there is less worry about HIV and other sexually transmitted infections, as well as pregnancy. Provide facilities for men-only sessions in clinics dealing with family welfare , reproductive health, and sexually transmitted infections. Gain the support of local community leaders in encouraging young men to attend. Within the community, foster the attitude that drunkenness is no excuse for unsociable behavior or unsafe sex . For more, please check out the source of this information: urlLink UNAIDS: Boys, Young Men and HIV/AIDS .

 the last song ~elton john~ yesterday you came to lift me up as light as straw and brittle as a bird today i weigh less than a shadow on the wall just one more whisper of a voice unheard tomorrow leave the windows open as fear grows please hold me in your arms won't you help me if you can to shake this anger i need your gentle hands to keep me calm 'cause i never thought i'd lose i only thought i'd win i never dreamed i'd feel this fire beneath my skin i can't believe you love me i never thought you'd come i guess i misjudged love between a father and his son things we never said come together the hidden truth no longer haunting me tonight we touched on the things that were never spoken that kind of understanding sets me free

 not a faceless disease: wilton I never had to see a close friend die of AIDS, but I remember the first person that I actually *knew* who had AIDS -- he and his partner, who gave this virus, this disease a face for me -- very well. Every time I read the four letters "A I D S" I think of him. And I see his face. Wilton was a dancer at a musical where I used to hang out in my teens. He wasn't the first of the cast to be HIV positive, but he was the first person I saw sick, and it was unbearable to see him, a previously fit and healthy young chap, being unable to walk up 5 steps. The story of Wilton, and what seeing him sick meant to me, is a bit too long to be posted here, it can be read at Scarleteen though. So please take some time to hop over there to read urlLink Not a faceless disease .

 HIV transmission and safer sex: basics urlLink HIV is transmitted through body fluids (blood, saliva, ejaculate or vaginal secretions or breast milk) through anal, vaginal and oral sex, through shared needles used for injecting IV drugs or accidental pricks with infected needles, through blood transfusions or blood products, childbirth or breastfeeding. The main transmission risk for HIV for the "average" person (not a drug user, not working in the medical field with contact to blood-borne pathogens) is obviously transmission through sexual contact. However, there is lots one can do to lower one's transmission risk: using condoms for vaginal, anal and oral sex at all times is the main pillar in HIV prevention. However, condoms only work when they are used correctly and consistently, and safer sex entails more than just using condoms. So how does one use condoms to start with, and what is "Safer Sex in all its latex glory" and what do you need for it? No matter for how many years you've been having sex: it can never harm to refresh your knowledge of the basics. So why not take some time to check out the urlLink Condom Manual and the awesome urlLink Safe, Sound & Sexy: How to bring Safer Sex to the bedroom without the Buzzkill ? I swear, after reading the latter, you will have arguments to counter everyone who ever proposes sex without condoms to you. tools of the trade When assembling your very own safer sex kit, I'd personally recommend urlLink Saturn Larger fitting or urlLink Condomi premium teamed up with urlLink Pjur eros bodyglide . A review of urlLink Kimono Microthins (which many of my friends swear by), urlLink InSpiral and urlLink Astroglide is pending. Have the condoms here, but haven't had an opportunity to try them yet; and some astro should hopefully make its way across the Atlantic ocean to me soon. :) Having sex should be fun; so search for the perfect safer sex tools, and do lots of trying out.

 World Aids Day 2001: I careDo you? urlLink

 urlLink 19 year old student dies after giving birth in a dormitory bathroom. It's events like this one that make me realize how very important giving urlLink sex ed to teens is, and how important it is that they have someone to talk to about sexuality and sexual health without having to fear rejection. Feel incredibly sorry for Karen Hubbard. How horrible and lonely these past few months and those hours in the bathroom must have been. You know, I don't believe that someone can be several months pregnant and not *know* that she is. Yup, the mind is a powerful thing, but really, if you know urlLink how reproduction works , you know when you've been at urlLink risk of getting pregnant , you know when you're pregnant, at the latest when you've missed your period for a few months and are gaining weight. Hell, you feel a child move inside you. Even if Karen didn't know (for sure, that is) or hadn't realised that she was pregnant, she must have realised in the middle of *being sick* that she was giving birth. - But then, the entire experience was probably so surreal that she of course couldn't call out for help then. How desperate must she have been, 9 months pregnant, and giving birth in a dorm bathroom, without any help, after a pregnancy without pre-natal care. How horrible that her dorm mates believed her when she said that she was just *sick*. How horrible people let her alone in that bathroom stall for several hours. Had someone openend the door early on, she might have been ok after all. Makes me all very sad.

 urlLink AUSTRALIA GETS DRUNK, WAKES UP IN NORTH ATLANTIC Tired of Being Isolated and Ignored, Continent Isn't Bloody Moving he. :)

 Life is slow, even though the days are basically just racing by. Dinner with H&S on Tuesday was nice & yummy (super delicious madras chicken curry), and Evan of course ruled the following game of urlLink Settlers of Catan . :) He had took a day off yesterday, and we spend the day the way days you take off should be spend, I reckon, - not getting up until noon, long & late breakfast, CD shopping and coffee & cake & conversation in the afternoon. Last night, another outbreak of sadness though. Lying next to him in bed, I just wished I could preserve the physical feeling somehow. Save it to c:// so that I could relive it in his absence whe3never needed, to feel and hear his breathing, feel his hipbone under my left hand, and his head in my left, and his warmness under the blanket. Cried a bit, both for the beauty and happiness of the moment, and for the sadness as I know and feel that I'll have to do without it come next Monday. What I fear most is waking up at night and searching for him, half-asleep. But still. All is good right now, and I'll just have to work a bit harder to make things good next week. Really, I should keep in mind how good things are and how good things will soon be, and that we'll get through the next few months, if not easily, then at least better than we've gotten through the previous months apart. *sigh*

 Arwen If I were a character in The Lord of the Rings , I would be Arwen, Elf, the daughter of Elrond. In the movie, I am played by Liv Tyler . Who would you be? Zovakware Lord of the Rings Test with Perseus Web Survey Software (And this was without cheating! Argaron, you're mine. I knew it all along.) (via urlLink sarah's blog )

 urlLink Jish asked me to say HI! to my urlLink webloggers webring neighbours. &#0187; to the left of me: urlLink starrlets v01/02E . &#0187; to the right of me: urlLink nese005 . (Proof that Caro does as she is told. At least sometimes. And when asked nicely.)

 urlLink It might not take as long as I expected. Nor be half as difficult as I initially thought it might be after yesterdays 2 hours reading up on the alternatives. We started discussing it, and well, we are thinking about options definitely worth considering, and goodness, is it exciting. And scary, too. Talks about TheFuture are really really good.

 "The Lord of the Rings" by Ernest Hemingway "Frodo Baggins looked at the ring. The ring was round. It was a good ring. The hole at the heart of the ring was also round. The hole was clean and pure. The hole at the heart of the ring had an emptiness in it that made Frodo Baggins remember the big skies of the Shire when his father had taken him out and taught him to tear the heads off the small, furred things that walked there, even though he hated blood in those days and the stink of the blood was always part of the emptiness for him then and ever after...." "The Lord of the Rings" by A.A. Milne "What we're going to do," said Frodo, "is we're going to go on an expotition." "Ooh" said Pippin, "what will we discover?" "We're not going to *discover* anything, Pippin, we're going to *undiscover* uncle Bilbo's old ring." "CAN you undiscover things?" asked Sam. "Discovering doesn't seem to be a thing you can UN-, if you know what I mean." "Sam", said Frodo, sharpening his pencil, "You haven't any brain." Sam shuffled off trying to look like he hadn't said anything, and that it was one of Frodo's many friends and relations. Frodo continued, "Anything that can be discovered, can be *undiscovered*, it stands to reason." "Lord of the Rings" by Meatloaf "It was a hot summer's day in the Marsh of the Dead There was fog crawling over the swamp I could listen to the screams of the Dead Men Calling I could see their empty eyes and the candles blowing in the wind. You were licking your finger With the Ring of Power and I was dying just to ask for a taste We were dancing together up on the Crack of Doom And no-ones gonna know what we've done." urlLink Alternative authors' versions of "Lord of the Rings" . Yes, I am well aware that this is hardly funny unless you, too, are currently in the fangs of these 1500 or whatever pages. Evan reckons that reading that book has unfortunately advanced me to a higher level of geekness. Or whatnot. Hehe. Take that as a compliment anyway. :) In addition (and maybe best of all), it has given me a new male being to fantasize about. Oh, Aragorn, oh Aragorn. (via urlLink bfts , via urlLink several urlLink others )

 Before I forget: Hope you all had a splendid Australia Day on Saturday. One fine day, urlLink I might become an Aussie, too . (Note: In need of either urlLink engagement, definite job no aussie can do or special skills . And no matter what: of urlLink 679 , too. Looks like it might take a while.)

 Official Start of OurLastWeekTogether. Have started the CryingForNoSpecificReason thing already. It sucks muchly. Find myself shedding tears not just in all the usual moments (during/after cozy talk, cuddling, love-making, wandering through town, waking up in the middle of the night) but just from seeing him sitting at the PC playing Speedball2 or standing in the kitchen doing the dishes. Yes, our coupled up life is oh so very romantic. I really wanted to try hard not to start this all round sobbing thing again, because, quite honestly, things are simply much to good, especially if I take a good look at the past and compare our current situation with what it was like the previous times we had to part ways. Really, we've moved past the "is this right/do we want to do this" thing that troubled us the first few times. But -quite contrary to what stupid little me expected- knowing you want to be with that person but can't (yet) because there is stuff you need to get done with first just makes this goodbye thing -even if you know you that there will, in the not too distant future, come a time when you will not be seperated by a couple of continents- more difficult. Anyway. I really don't want to think about this all too much. All way too present already, I can already grasp how much it will hurt to not have him here with me. I can feel the emptiness opening up inside of me. Sounds terribly pretentious, I know. The weekend wasn't much of a success, btw. Not because of the impending departure or because of the shitty mood I had been in all day Friday, but because it just didn't quite work out the way we had thought it would. The party we had long planned to go to on Saturday, root down @ waldsee, the monthly residency of urlLink DJ Rainer Trueby , turned out to simply suck. Big time. Not only did it cost a hefty 10, which I'd be willing to pay for a professionally organised, excellent night, but it was more than they had informed us it would when I had inquired by phone last week, plus the japanese DJ Trby had teamed up with played a set that was basically just really bad uninventive badly played drum & bassy techno crap - nothing I would spend a cent to listen to. In addition, Evan was more than just a wee bit surprised about the location, as this legendary party takes place in a old unpretty little Pub with an attached concrete floor room and is just very dilettantly organised, and the crowd wasn't to our liking either. Too young & too serious about the crappy music & not at all enthusiastic. Was just all rather strange. As if that wasn't enough already, Evan had a massive bout of what -on Sunday morning- turned out to be a migraine, so at 1:30, we decided to walk home. Duh. Thanks for the lovely night. Thanks to the aforementioned migraine, Evan spend Sunday mostly asleep, while I lay next to him on the bed and continued to make my way through "The Two Towers". It really wasn't a bad weekend (successfully shopped for CDs & an mp3 playing discman), just nothing at all like we expected it to be. Today shall be a normal Monday, I s'pose. Strange how I've settled into rituals these past weeks. Have spend the morning doing the laundry, will later study a bit, clean the place and do the ironing (all the while grabbing mp3s from Evans CDs), and when he comes home, we'll do our shopping, expecting guests (the newly married german/aussie LDR couple) for dinner tomorrow, so I guess we will make a little expedition to the larger/cheaper out of town supermarket. Geez, we're so very domestic, indeed.

 I didn't bite off anyone's head after all. No "Volunteer massacres staff at family planning center" headlines in tomorrows urlLink Bild . As I walked into the office, Susan cheered and waved at me with the wooden-training-how-to-put-on-condoms-penis. Waving at me with wooden penises helps my mood, apparently. :) Now what does that say about my psyche? urlLink What do you reckon?

 not.in.a.good.mood.today. The morning just sucked, because I wasted time on something I thought was important (looking for an excercise in patience? Try to find a dermatologist open Friday afternoon) only to be told (when I had been successful, after 75 minutes on the phone) it apparently wasn't that urgent. For a good 5 minutes I pondered whether I should scream, or simply cry. An apology later made it better, but still. I shall wear a "beware. bites." sign around my neck. Off to ProFa now to volunteer. Will try not to bite anyone's head off and/or go way overboard trying to be nice.

 Sidenote re: mood. As discussed with Tina earlier today, I think my hair length is in direct correlation with my mood swings. The longer (and out of control and flapping in my face) my hair is, the more easily you can get me into mood swing hell. Same goes for my flat. The dirtier this place is, the easier you can piss me off.Squeaky clean floors and a nice smelling bathroom lift me up. Yup, sounds like a control thing to me, too. As I don't have the to get my hair nice and blonde and cut this week and am a couple of hundred km's away from the one person who is allowed to get near my hair with scissors, a decent cleaning session in my bathroom shall do tomorrow. Using straightening conditioner should make life a bit easier, too. *sigh*

 What has happened to make my mood what it is at the moment, I have no idea. Self-bashing programme running well again in my head. Typical. Tell Caro "no matter how hard I try, it is never enough for your standards" , and voil, see Caro curled up in a fetal position, crying. It is the one sentence (aside of: "you sure you can wear that, considering how fat you are" , when being said by my brother) that hits me right were all the bad self perception things usually do their work on my ego anyway. It really was bizarre last night, and the worst is that it was my fault that it turned out the way it did. All out of a sudden, my mind turned on the self hating mode, and instantly made me feel ugly/disgusting/unloveable/undesirable that all I could think was "he doesn't want this with me anyway and absolutely must hate it" . Nothing quite like that assumption to ruin mood. Later, I felt alone and hurt, while nothing negative had been said or done by anyone. Was my mind alone ruining the moment (and evening). Nice. I really don't know why they happen, these dramatic "mood swings". It's like someone turns a switch in my head, and -boom!- I get extremely self-consicous, way overboard. Or I start getting super irritated by things that aren't in order. On a perfectly fine day coming home from a couple of hours in town having fun CD shopping with Ev a dirty kitchen and/or unmade bed and/or dirty bathroom can get me into self-hating and ruining the day mode instantly. Yes, I, too think that this sounds absolutely ridiculous. If I am happy, why do I have to worry about dirty showers and dishes? It really shouldn't matter, quite simply. It really doesn't matter, in the grand scheme of things, I think. Why is my mood such a fragile little thing? Hate it. Hate myself, just for the day. Sidenote: Wrote to the guest-to-be that we didn't have room for her. Even though I did give reasons. But then, at least I said no. Can someone please give me a pat on the back for that? Please?

 eMail about 5 minutes ago from someone who was invited to our place by last weeks guest to join us at a party this Saturday (yes, I too think that something is wrong with that scenario), yet called on Monday to say she wouldn't come. A call to which I faked a bit of sadness, yet was of course very relieved. "Managed to get lots done this past few days and think I can come to F. Would it be okay if I arrive on Friday at 11? Is there any room at your place for me?" Fucking NO. So how can I say that almost nicely? Or is it important that I say it nicely? Should I do as my shrink told me to yesterday aka simply say "No" without any reasons (even though there are enough of them) to not give any chance in her fighting my reasons? argh. Just what I needed this morning.

 Well, well. These days have been passing by way too quickly. Truly a Tina-like "unbeliiiieeeevable" worthy. All last week, while I was residing in lack of estrogen and (as urlLink kitto put it so well almost a year ago) evil-elves-with-spiky-boots-are-dancing-in-my-uterus-hell, Evan and I had the pleasure of being this town's cheapest backpacker hostel yet again. Gah. The gal that stayed over this time and that wanted to be entertained was a friend from Oz, nice gal, really, but with the poorest timing ever and no sensor for Evan and I maybe needing some private time, too. When she didn't manage to get hold of the person she wanted to meet next on Wednesday, the only thing she said was: "So I'll be staying another day then." . No "would it be okay if I?" No, "I hope you don't mind that" . Or whatever else. Was very stressful, no matter how nice she usually is. It's just not nice not having any privacy at all when you are feeling shitty. Add to that the fact that these are the last few weeks that Evan and I have... Oh well. Invasion time is over (and I hope it will stay that way for the rest of the time we have), and some bits were nice: made a trip over the border to Colmar, where we purchased the best cake that ever touched my lips. Strongly recommend the produce of the Patisserie "Jean" (Rue de Boulangers, Colmar). Especially the "Truffette". Worth every cent at 2.50 a small piece. Yum. I now know where my wedding cake shall be made. If I ever get married that is. To counter the invasion we had to endure all week, Friday and Saturday were spent in blissful coupledom and domesticness (*sigh*), whereas Sunday was a blur of social activities to make up for all that twosomeness, meeting people for breakfast, someone else for coffee and yet someone else for beer, and arrangement that turned into dinner. I still can't grasp how well we have settled into a routine, and how enjoyable and good it all is. A lot really is well for me, while Bad stuff seems to be happening to many dear ones. Strange situation to be in. Am trying to send loving vibes and energy their way, while I got more than enough of it. - Give more than I take for once, while it lasts. For I know that all will be different in two weeks time. Last night, I got the first bout of he-will-be-leaving-soon-sadness. - Not nice at all. I really don't want to get all gloomy about the nearing end of this lovely time, but lying next to him last night, I already felt a wee bit of the heartache that I know I will feel once he's hopped on that plane to Thailand. All was just so normal, yet blissful and nice, that I just realised that I want to feel that way *all* the time. Nope, I know that I shouldn't be surprised. I've known that all along, haven't I?. In any way: Life is good, apart from my motivation to study, which sucks, which shouldn't surprise me either. Doesn't help that I am just finishing "Fellowship of the Ring", can't put the stupid book away and am dying to know what will happen to Aragorn (*swoon*) and am absolutely turning into a Lord of the Rings geek. I knew something had been missing from my life. Told Evan last night, while in the middle of falling asleep (a time when I usually come up with rather funky things to say), that it was good he was sleeping on the side of the bed that doesn't face the wall for he could take better watch in regards to orcs from there. He. :) I wish things would simply stay the way they are at this very moment.

 Feeling PM e S sy and really need some lone time but have yet another visitor staying at my place and hence still no time for an online life and/or studying and/or taking stock and/or finally getting back to normal. Not good at all. Growl. Thanks for all those lovely notes though, you lit up my day. And Aria, please, no kidding with these things! :)

 Looking better (the scratch on my forehead looks like Tasmania, my eyes are white again, and I am wearing make up, too!), and feeling better, too, despite my emotions hitting rock bottom last night (and this morning, too) for no apparent reason, not even a hormonal one. Was very strange. All out of a sudden, in the middle of recording a tape for Tina with Evan (a glorious, glorious tape, I might add), it was as if someone turned a switch, and at once, my mood was low. It wasn't something Ev said, it was no song, it was nothing. Some stuff later said and done that night, tiny tiny little things, seemed to contribute to my feeling of shittiness, but really, that didn't start it. I really should stop over-reacting, even in my head, to comments such as "I saw that play with xy" or to his concern in regards to my studies or whatever else. I should simply just stop. Very strange. I just want my emotions (at least the bad ones) under control, please. Prolly just need some good loving, like spending a bit chunck of the weekend in bed. Or something. That plan won't materialize I guess, Ev, Tina, Jim and I, we'll be heading on a little touristy excursion to urlLink Heidelberg , the one German city everyone on a Europe in 7 days bus tour visits. Of course we won't go there with a busload of American tourists (even though I am sure we'll meet them there), but with a cheapo little urlLink Happy-Weekend Train ticket which will bring the priece of the excursion down to 7 each. Nice. Right now, just waiting for Jim to hop by, second weekend in a row in town for him to see Tina. Geez, and I am to blame. I hate it when things work out when you set people up. :) Ev hopefully has a short day at the hospital, too, so we might simply hit the Siedler board for the time being, and will - in a joint coupley effort- try to win against Jim. Hehe. Anyway. More soonish, I think. Am not in the mood for being online much, but when I am online, I keep missing the icq people - still no time to catch up with Kitto, Brianna, Linnie or Heather. Not good. If you read this: hopefully soon. Miss you, really.

 weeeh. I can't bear to look at me in the mirror. Not only am I still sneezing and coughing so badly that people in public turn away from me in disgust (second bout of the common cold in 4 weeks), not only do I have a hideous scratch on my forehead (obtained during an accident when playing with the toyboy), not only is my skin in turmoil and peri-oral dermatitis hell, No, that apprently isn't enough as I now also have to abstain from eye make-up (which might help in making me look any good at all) as my eyes are according to my doc, super dry and irritated and red and without enough tears. Yay. I want to look pretty. Geez, I am feeling so good emotionally, why in all the world don't I look the part, too? Ick. Ick. Ick. Need vitamins and water.

 Sidenote: Sad moment of the day: My favourite music channel, viva 2, has been killed and replaced with urlLink this , a channel filled with ugly, overstyled unbearable hosts. Sob. Sob. Sob. In addition, I just realised that urlLink Opendiary finally deleted my old diary there, despite my recent efforts of keeping it there, just for the sake of it (being my first writings online and all). Sob. Am observing a minute of silence.

 So where shall I start? I like 2002 so far. A lot. New Years was a blast, far better than most New Year's that I've had. Finally had enough time to really get to know Amsterdam, and that rocked. We stayed at the legendary urlLink Flying Pig , which truly lived up to its reputation and was ok for three nights and the price we paid for our beds in a 22 people dorm. Extra special Entertainment Add-On were the other guests, which all seemed to be about 19 and of English speaking origin and to had come to Amsterdam to get stoned out of their heads and spend their days lying on the pillow covered love nest in the hostels entrance area, lulling the few brain cells they call their own to minimum function via the use of Marihuana products. One female guest from Canada, who was blessed with good looks, which were neutralised with the most annoying voice on earth, excitedly shared a true scientific discovery with a fellow traveller one morning in the downstairs breakfast room "man, you know, i realised something the other day! when I am high, I really have trouble reading. man, i read one page and have forgotten everything straight away! think i should give up reading while in amsterdam." Lovely. Listening to that classic piece of true scientific brilliance, we almost all spat out our coffee in laughter. I don't know, but there is something about that place (the residue of THC in the walls maybe?) that makes your language deteriorate until you can only utter sentences of the quality of "Man, that was some good weed!". All very teenage. Having been there done that at the ripe age of 15, I felt a bit out of place really, and couldn't help but laugh most of the time. What's the point in flying thousands of miles and crossing oceans just to lie for several days on the dirty pillows of a hostel being high instead of enjoying an awesome city with awesome museums and places and cafes? Anyway. They all seemed to enjoy themselves, so who am I to judge? Our little group was blessed with a brief visit by two "friends" from Melbourne who just wanted to get high, too. These unfriendly, uncommunicative individuals hadn't got a clue as to what is involved in the process of rolling a joint, so Tina and I were nice, and - pretty much drunk and partied out at 4am on New Years Day- managed to roll a perfect fat torch like joint in the middle of Leidseplein only to give them something that would shut them up for a while. The things you do in Amsterdam, I guess. We did more things that "you do when in Amsterdam", too. The museum visits (sloooowly passing by van Goghs paitings), a grachten tour (for those who had never been to Amsterdam before and during which I fell asleep because sitting next to my boy in the sun felt so nice), long strolls along grachten at day and nighttime (which involved snow fights, too), a walk through the red light district (which left me a bit startled, simply because this was the first time I realised how young most of the sex workers working there are, and how completely not erotic or sexy the atmosphere there is by my definitions), lovely long talks at various bruine cafe's and short nights. Added into that package was excitement about the new currency and whether our funds would last throughout the ATM shut down. So odd to hold the first new money in hand: perfect, clean little bills and unscratched shiny coins that worked on both sides of the border. These are new times, people, I swear. I also discovered how absolutely adorable dutch is, and felt this sudden urge to start really learning it. Feels so strange in my mouth to speak it, but geez, you simply understand so much simply by knowing german and english, it would be a shame to not give it a try. To fulfill the cliches of backpacking, we even had Maccas at a Gracht one day (simply to save money for the days real dinner), purchased large amounts of alcohol which were all consumed, and walked along the streets on New Years, singing. All nice. Our little group was well made up of Tina, Evan, Santa and Peter (two friends of Evans that had visited us here in F before Christmas), Jim (a good mate of Evan) and Ollie and Sameer, both fellow Med Students of Evs. All worked out well, until the usual discussion about what to do on New Years arose and I strongly disagreed with going to an organised party that would cost a meagre 40 (money I can buy food of for a week, money another member of the group spends without thinking twice), a little disagreement which quite nicely culminated at 6pm on NY's eve when someone said rude things to Evan about me instead of discussing matters with me. Great timing. Great childish style. In any way, New Years was spend not at that party, but first warming up at the Pigs Pub, moving on to the Dam to see the fireworks and then to a Cafe/Pub at Leidseplein, where we danced the night away and Tina and I were drooled on lots. Had it not been for Evan and Jim, we would have had trouble getting out of there alive, I guess. Hehe. A lot of fun. Ah, yes, Jim. More correctly: Jim and ...Tina. What can I say? Evan and I had long planned to set these two up, and boy did it work well, once they finally met. Actually, as I write this, Jim is here in F, visiting Tina, so...all is well in that respect, too, I guess, even though I cannot help but feel guilty about it all, too. Were it not for Evan and me, I doubt they would think twice about trying the LDR thing, now it looks like they might give it a shot, and I am not sure what to say or do or think about this. Oy. Anyway. These are the Amsterdam Tales. To follow next (after cleaning me, the floors, and the bathroom): Christmas, kneeling while giving your partner little blue boxes that hold jewellery and why you shouldn't give phones as presents. :)

 I kept the computer turned off ever since I returned home, simply because I was quite happy living in computer free wonderland (or when a computer was near without links to my favourites) for a wee little while. However, I was on icq and blog cold turkey, and well knowing what would happen once I turned my computer on, I waited with getting back into a net routine until I had some lone time to hopefully catch up with everyone quickly. The net and RealLife got me back, I reckon, the toyboy has his first day at the hospital today, and before I hop back into the hell that doing law is (and the procrastination that being online while you should be studying is), I have a whole day pretty much alone to do housekeeping stuff such as doing laundry, ironing, cleaning the bathroom, purchasing food (not that I know how to pay for that yet) and dusting. Yay. All that while I feel rather shitty, as somehow I have again managed to get yet another virus, virus number 6 in a 4 week period. Yay to that, too. I need to be able to afford a decent multi-vitamin again. In a way, being alone right now is kinda nice, on the other hand, I know now, that the funky days of doing nothing of importance to anyone but you and your beloved one are over. Bummer. More soon, including tales of Amsterdam, the sweetness of being partnered and the sweetness of setting people up, soon. Everyone: thanks for your lovely notes during my absence. So nice. Saigonsam: As unbelievable as it sounds, Tina and I didn't take any photos of us clad in tarty shirts. Shocking. Am afraid you need to trust the judgement of a stoned bartender at the urlLink Flying Pig : "Maaaaan, you two girls are hot!" Roel : Coffee next time? :)

 Almost everything packed. And boy, do I NOT want to go. Just had a rather testing little session with Dr.K, which sparked some nice thoughts to get me through the next days. Anyway: have been through it in the past, will get through it again. Duh. More soon.

 urlLink Can bono save the world? a wonderfully pretentious article. evan will hate it. i find it quite entertaining. :)

 things i really didn't need to do but that felt terribly good and helped revive my poor zonked-out-by-staring-at-a-flickering-monitor little brain cells : drool over more urlLink paintings and urlLink photos by viggo mortensen and be mad about not being able to make it to his exhibition in santa monica. download urlLink mp3s of viggo mortensen reading his poetry. i told you: aragorn frenzy. :)

 things to do before heading home tomorrow : do dishes ; clean kitchen ; discard perishable foods ; take out trash ; bring things into the cellar ; clean bathroom (delayed); scan things for profa and be webslave ; prepare computer stuff to take home (bookmarks, stuff i have been working on, outlook address book) ; choose law books to take home (big law collection, civil law:cards, civil law:book, criminal law:part i, part ii, ip laws, ip law: book) ; choose real books to take home (tolkien: the hobbit, irving: the fourth hand) ; do ironing ; pack clothes (evan's jacket!) ; look at law book pile and leave half of them here (should i really leave the ip stuff here??) ; water plant ; choose tapes to take home (something for kate: beautiful sharks/echolalia/live at the wireless; mix evan made in 99, the avalanches: since i left you; mix i made in august 2001) ; make new upbeat mix tape (no time for extensive mix. cancelled) ; buy train ticket, disks, curry paste.

 sparked by the film, i am in need of a little urlLink viggo fix. that man doesn't just look good. he doesn't just act beautifully. he isn't just bloody good at hunting orcs. no, he is an urlLink artist . he is a poet. now i am longing for urlLink "Recent Forgeries" , urlLink "Signlanguage" , urlLink "One Mans Meat" and urlLink The Other Parade . and "the two towers". just 10 more months. he. :)

 am drooling all over my keyboard, in a freshly ignited aragorn frenzy: spent my afternoon watching urlLink lord of the rings for a second time. boy, was it worth it, was it worth it. got so much more out of it this time. woah. watching it for the first time sparked an interest in me, the former tolkien hater; watching it a second time gave me a chance to really appreciate peter jackson's work. and: woah. the movie jackson made is the only movie that could have been made out of tolkien's epic. it's just as pretentious and grandiose as the book and so many of the metaphors and imagery used by tolkien has been excellently transferred. so much of the critique i came across these past weeks really is unfounded: the adaptation of the script, the exclusion of the songs, the violence: who cares? i don't. yup, would have been nice to see tom bombadill, to put more structure into the hobits journey, but no one can honestly suggest that the movie was ruined because arwen brought frodo to rivendell or because the songs were left out (that would have turned the thing into "lord of the rings - the musical" . ridiculous). same goes for any critique regarding the fighting scenes and the violence: the movie is as violent and gruesome as the book (the only difference being these attractive pffffft! sounds orcs make when hit by an arrow. he.). if you read the book and don't feel that way, you either didn't imagine the fighting scenes while reading them, or missed like two thirds of the books. in general, i felt so "in the know": so good to see all those little glimpses of places all over middle earth (barad-dur, morrannon, minas tirith, whatnot) and *know* where they are, what has and what will happen there (especially nice in Isengard: oh how i can not wait to see the ents destroying the place); to see people and know who they are, know their motivations and hence being able to fully enjoy the film without having to listen extra well to not miss any hints and details. gave me the chance to completely enjoy and appreciate the cinematography. oh it was so good, despite the full cinema, the pricey ticket and me being alone. best thing of course was being able to completely concentrate on not missing a thing aragorn did in those lovely 180 minutes. the only time i breathed was during the break. :) i so can not wait for part ii & iii. more aragorn. a happy-end with him and arwen. awww.

 geh schon mal vor ich seh dir nach und werde bleiben wie's hier so ist ich werd's mir merken und dir schreiben ich will dir sagen dass es gut ist will dir zeigen wer ich bin ich bin nur stehengeblieben um mich umzusehen ein bisschen abzuwarten uns endlich umzudrehen ich hab mich nur zurckgezogen uns zusammengenommen ich bin nur stehengeblieben um voranzukommen "stehengeblieben" ~echt~

 in case you have a thing for used underwear: come over and search my garbage bin tonight. in an effort to start revamping myself and start looking flawless on all levels, i threw away each and every piece of underwear that looked crappy: a big bag full of trusty and hence washed out panties and thongs and bras with underwires poking out (all things that looked too ratty to be worn even with no one watching) are no awaiting their fate in the garbage bin; a bunch of holey t-shirts were transformed into cleaning rugs. no more grandma-undies, to be worn only when on my period. no more uncomfortable bras that i spill out of or that don't hold things the way they are supposed to. a reason to celebrate. now have an almost empty underwear drawer and urgently need to spend some money on underwear. something to look forward to. because i look good in underwear, urlLink after all .

 any run in nina's nylons made my day. nina was a classmate in high school. she had a spanish mother and hence been blessed with good genes making her almost 6ft tall, slender, giving her a perfect olive toned complexion and stunningly shiny dark hair. she was one of them. a member of the "always perfect looking women" club. you know the kind. runs in nina's stockings, which were a rare occurence (she was obviously not like me who just needs to look at nylons and make them get runs), gave me the illusion that she was somehow like the "rest of us" , too. you could put nina into torn up jeans and an old jumper, put her hair up with a pencil and throw paint all over here (she was good at arts, you know), or in a short skirt and tight shirt and no matter what, she always looked terribly terribly beautiful. perfect. immaculate. everything was always right about her. her skirts were never too short. her shirts never too tight, she never looked sloppy or slutty (whatever that means in high school slang) or over the top. she was just always right, and had a highly developed sense of what suited her and what didn't. she looked effortless. simple. easy. i envied her terribly. to some extend i still do. - not just nina, all women of that "club" . i have trouble dealing with beautiful, tall women with an easy sense of style. - they are all something that i am not. take a look at me. thick mousy hair (when not highlighted and thinned for an insane amount of ), strange skintone. not tall at all. big hips and legs (must have been good when my ancestors still worked on the fields, bad now when trying to shop for pants). big breasts. i always look wrong, out of shape, mix-matched. i never look casual, never easy, always made up. let me illustrate: if i do the casual thing, slacks, a plain t-shirt, a sweater round my shoulders, i look sloppy or plain. if i do the more formal route, a shirt, nice pants, i always end up looking too formal or like i never belonged in these clothes in the first place. if i try doing something "hip" (the word alone makes me shudder) i look like i forgot to change out of my mardi gras costume. i look okay in underwear, naked, or wrapped in a blanket. - but put me in pants or anything else and - woop! - ugly. the harder i try to look good when dressed, the worse the result. no wonder, really. i think the real reason behind this i that i am just not sure what i want to look like, what looks good on me, what i should look like, however you want to put it. for years (for all my life, probably), i tried to look "like them" and use clothing as an entry ticket into acceptance. most of the time, highly unsuccesfully. had my first little flirt with style terrorism right when changed to high school (which happens over here at the ripe age of 10): benetton, esprit and chevignon were the tommy hilfingers of the day, and big names a must on sweat shirts. i was lonely, didn't know anyone at the new school and harrassed my parents into buying me too expensive sweat shirts, honestly believing that that would help in finding friends. when i had my goth-rasta-punk-hippie-modette phase, clothing was a way to stand out and say "i am different" and it was important to have real authentic 70's clothes, the right shoes, whatnot. style terrorism wise, the "alternative" scene was as bad as any scene i'd come across beofre or would come across later. in high school, my second hand suede jackets (then supposedly "hip") made me look like i had rummaged through my grandfathers closet (which i had), and not hip at all. someone else must have liked the jacket and deemed it (not me) hip enough though: it was stolen one day in school. the highlight in style terrorism were my first two years at uni, though, when i tried to convince myself that i, too, enjoyed wearing blue blouses and little hankies round my neck each and every day and deemed burberry check the best fabric for a little skirt suit. it was all terribly shallow. terribly terribly shallow. it made me feel terrible because i never felt at home in my skin. nor in my second skin, my clothes. when i gave up on shallowness 2 years ago (you know, the thing that sparked me to fall into the throes of clinical depression) and rid my life of a good amount of superficiality, mainly in the form of people who were overly interested in what label your jacket had, i also lost direction somehow. i removed lots of badness from my life but didn't add new goodness. or at least something to wear. i failed to re-invent myself on many levels. and really, it's about time i get that done. at the moment, i need a whole bunch of new clothes (mainly because what i own is mostly too big for me these days), yet i stand in the shops clueless as to what i want and am looking for. i try things on and most of the time feel misplaced and wrong. it's just no fun. even when i don't try on real clothes, looking at myself in clothes is a great way to ruin my mood. friday night, urlLink kitto and i wasted some time using urlLink "virtual models" of ourselved to try on a certain kind of dress at a urlLink website i should be smacked for visiting in the first place. it was horrific. there's been quite a bit of talk about "my virtual model" at plenty of diaries in the past, and i don't quite feel like saying it all again, but let me just add that this thing helped put a nice new twist on my already warped body view. no fumbling with sizing helped make that "model" look like me: the "big breasts, big thighs" thing simply wasn't an option. any weight you added to the "model" was added on the waist, which simply isn't the way that i am built. in addition, the gowns you could put on your sick looking models sucked, too. as a result, my virtual model looked like a ton. fat and sad and just not right. but then, as i never look "right" , never have and (unless someone sends me to a make-over) probably never will, i guess my virtual model was quite accurate and well done after all. i try to remind myself that it's just clothes, that they don't really matter in the grande scheme of things and that people like me no matter what. i wish i could not care, feel undisturbed by what i am wearing, not think about make up and just be me, whoever that is. but it's not working. i want clothes that make me feel at home and let me put my energy on worrying about important things. but it ain't working, and i still feel inferior to women who are members of the club. which is a terribly sexist (or whatever -ism) thing, i reckon, and such a sign of my bad self-esteem. all just such a waste of time. wish i could walk around in chantelle bras and thongs all day. that would make life more comfortable. at least for me.

 evan suggested today that i do one thing this weekend that i've been wanting to do for ages, something to pamper me. and i couldn't come up with a single thing that i would enjoy, that would make me happy. he suggested that i get a professional massage, which is an excellent idea, but not realisable on a weekend. too bad: i could do with an hour of lying on a table getting all the locked up feelings massaged out of my muscles. just what is it about weekends since he's away that makes me so sad? am just not used to loneliness and quiet anymore which make room for all my negative thoughts to come back. so hate it. so hate them. so not want to be where i am at the moment.

 when organising and sorting the contents of my wardrobe today, i discovered a black bonds t-shirt, size l, with a round neck. it's not mine. and it still smells like him. miss him terribly. so hate weekends alone.

 re: truth in advertisment. Noticed this last night: How ridiculous is it to try to pretend that Marshmallows are any good by writing "naturally fat free" on the bag? The white fluffies are made of gelantine, two kinds of sugar and a wee bit starch. Where should any fat come from? "Naturally Nutrient-free" would prolly be a more honest thing to write on the packaging.

 urlLink Vaughan Simons said everything that needed to be said about the pretentious snobbery expressed in urlLink "How to Write a Better Weblog" far better than I could have ever said it. Bravo. (via urlLink the Obvious? )

 I hate waking up early on a Saturday morning when the weekend lies in front of me, totally vast. Welcome to the Death Valley weekend. Nothing happening plus cartoons on tv! Miss the toyboy, terribly. Need a snog and a snuggle. Like: now.

 urlLink urlLink Which Sex and the City Player Are You? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 Just received an eMail from one of the "kids" my friend xan and I looked after as part of the aussie-german student exchange program back in 1998/99. He broke the news that he just get engaged to his partner and didn't think he could be happier until his partner had a renal ultrasound plus the following conversation last week: Nurse : "Is there any chance you could be pregnant?" gal : "Pffft no of course not..." Nurse : "Well... *points scan to pelvis, turns monitor to gal...* gal : "Oh fuck". despite that immediate reaction, they are both elated now, and he wrote that while she is preggie symptom free, he feels quite pregnant, indeed. Am happy for them, if in shock, too. Strange. Could we do that, too, Evan and me - be parents?

 urlLink Friday Five! 1. Hey, baby, what's your sign? Do you think it fits you pretty well? urlLink cancer . And well, depends. I am not *as* homey as all horoscopes think cancers should be. That "emotional, intuitive, moody, withdrawing" thing however: yep. 2. What's the worst birthday gift you've ever received? In 1997, my ex-partner gave me a book I had told him I had always hated as a kid. 3. What's the best birthday gift you've ever received? A flight to Australia from my parents. It counted for several birthdays and a christmas, btw. 4. What's the best way you've celebrated your birthday thus far? My 18th birthday was kinda nice, celebrated at a wild movie worthy house party in New Zealand which involved people destroying the kitchen, the shower stall, the carpet in the living room and doing nasty things to the households pets. Thankfully it wasn't my party or my house or my pets, and I wasn't the one so drunk that I shaved my hair off completely. He. In honor of my birthday, some friends of mine did a haka. It was lovely. :) 5. What are your plans for this weekend? Working Out. Soppy phone calls. Maybe some packing for my trip home next week...nothing exciting at all yet.

 even though urlLink scott lucas is painfully absent from it, urlLink shirtless afl players still offers a urlLink nice bit of distraction on a day like today when i feel totally random and any- and everything aussie makes me feel a wee little bit better. plus it reminded me of my job plans (for the 20 hours i'll be allowed to work next to uni on the first type of visa i'll get): if all law plans fail, i'll make every effort to become urlLink james hird's urlLink personal butt masseuse . :) (via urlLink jonno )

 the sky has got the most amazing colour at the moment, a rich dark blue, like the one you usually see on a summer night at around 10pm. sure it's happening at 6:30...but this time of the day last month, it would have been darker. the days are getting longer. yay.

 so where did this week go? somehow, time rushes past, yet somehow it seems like february is neverending. i think my sense of time is a bit warped at the moment. am feeling very in between. and all the good things from just a month ago seem like they happened in the last century. or whenever. with all that running to the computer store three times a day, some studying and waiting for 4 minutes to see whether that wee little window would stay pink or not, time just ran past. spent yesterday morning at urlLink profa explaining to beate, an intern i hadn't met yet, how to make information sharing easier for the center. she's building an intranet now, and needed advice on file organisation, which is one of the things i really am not too bad at. hurried to micheil after those three intense hours to say goodbye and help him get his stuff to the train station. i think he really felt like it was time for him to return to australia but was sad about leaving germany, his flatmates, his life here behind, too: he jumped from excited to sad and back within minutes until i threatened to take his ticket and go to australia in his place if he got any gloomier about leaving. :) i didn't feel too sad really, am getting pretty matter of factly in regards to these saying goodbye to people from oz thing. i know i'll see micheil in a few months, and it's so odd that i know there are tons of good people i know and like and enjoy spending time with down there. australia doesn't seem that far away right now, a feeling i know will change at the latest when i've been sitting in a dreaded plane for a good 12 hours, stare at that flight monitor and asia seems to never end. no matter what, i would have loved to be in micheils place yesterday. surprise, he? however, i am actually not too sad right now. still, i miss the toyboy terribly, so much that it hurts to be without him, but it is bearable, because love oozes out of every corner of my computer/monitor/outlook express every time i open an eMail from him. it's unbelievable, really, all that talk about the future&#153, all these grand words - and they are bloody real&#153. the idea that he wants to be with me, even though he knows all my nasty sides and flaws and whatever else, wants to be with me not just for now, but for real&#153, is truly overwhelming. strangely enough, the idea that i want to be with him, spend my life with him (as cheesy as that sounds) never seemed that grande to me. feels so good to be loved.

 all sparkly and new. and feeling like a new flat. a wee bit uncomfy, but lovely. big thanks to urlLink firda for her urlLink css colouring book . look ma: no tables! :)

 urlLink caro @ urlLink the eye project

 GoodThings today : Having my files back. Oh, how I love them all. My mp3s. My photos. My diary. Everything. Feels oh so very good . From now on: back up. I promise. 90 minutes 4,5 cent to Melbourne, Australia. For some strange reason, I feel terribly, terribly loved today.(Or was it simply the eMail this morn?) One pink window instead of two. For you deliver me from worry, urlLink Femtest , and calm my over-working mind, pricey little test stick with the extra safety window telling me when the result is definite and I can start breathing again. Thank you. I swear, this must be answering in urlLink Ask a Sexpert again, infecting my brain with images of the highly unlikely. Or let's blame the estrogens I'm taking to not fall in suicidal pms for making my withdrawal bleed all strange. (Now that was more about my cycle than you ever felt like knowing, hm?) Or maybe it's just a ritual, the MidFebruaryPregnancyTest, a yearly acknowledging of the fact that there is always a risk, no matter how small. Anyway. For now, I can postpone surfing urlLink HipMama and stop wondering about the exact cost of an abortion (and from where I would get that money) for the next few (non partnered sex life) months. All so very strange, that NaturalThillOfYourOwnFertility.

 urlLink What's your Lord of the Rings Name? If I were an Orc... Ishwsh the Basher If I were a Hobbit... Angelica Ploughman from LongCleeve. If I were an elf... Calenwethiel If I were a dwarf... Garin Mithrilwrath Please call me Calenwethiel from now on. But then, Ishwsh the Basher sounds very funky, too. :) He.

 Now they tell me they found my data. Let's hope it's right this time. Am relieved. But will only be completely relieved once I can lay my little hands on some shiny CDs with my files on them.

 You know, these news alone sparked me to give up giving up on diet pepsi. It just didn't work. I need a pepsi fix now. Aspartame: make me happy, while I await news from the shop.

 The computer shop tells me they don't have my files. In contrast to what they said this morning. And yesterday. So. What do you think is a good price I can ask for my files? 3 GB of diary entries, photos, mp3s, lots of non replacable things, really. Tell me.

 Otherwise toally unrelated olympic sidenote: urlLink Well done, boys. Made me happy, indeed. They all worked so hard for this, that it's good to see them win. (even though dear urlLink Martin looked urlLink like he was about to pee in his jumpsuit while he awaited the results. ) :)

 urlLink Life: Classic Pictures Valentine's Day . And this is my fave: urlLink Love is in the Car (1953) An Italian-American couple celebrates a very recent wedding. . Must be that marriage thing, I tell you. It's somehow terribly appealing. :) (via urlLink feeling listless )

 I'm late. But then my puter was dead. So here go the urlLink Friday Five : 1. What was the first thing you ever cooked? Scrambled eggs. 2. What's your signature dish? Lasagna, which I can only cook at other people's places, because I have no full size oven. Evan prolly regards my simple pasta with tomato sauce and mozzarella as my signature dish. 3. Ever had a cooking disaster? (tasted like crap, didn't work, etc.) Describe. Preparing the aforementioned Lasagna at my rents place while I had urlLink some urlLink guests , I enthusiastically put grated cheese on top, right out of the sealed bag I had purchased it in. Only to discover once I had emptied the entire contents of the bag on it that the cheese had already gone green and moldy. Yum. Scaped it off as good as possible and in the absence of other real cheese, put kraft slices on top. It sucked. Muchly. 4. If skill and money were no object, what would make for your dream meal? Strange question. Skill and money are rarely an object anyway, simply because I'm willing to give anything a try (I strongly believe in my ability to learn new meals) and because things that are terribly expensive don't really appeal to me in the first place. What I consider most when cooking is: can I cook this in on my two flames? A meal I want to try soon is a roast with tons of herbs out of "The Naked Chef". 5. What are you doing this weekend? Among other things, I missed my computer, cleaned my flat, went to the urlLink movies and talked to my toyboy on the phone.

 What do urlLink orcs sound like? urlLink Like cricket fans, apparently. (via urlLink yankiwi )

 urlLink A cleansing ritual. Titanic - OST Jennifer Paige - Crush The Corrs - Talk on Corners Matchbox 20 - yourself or someone like you The GooGooDolls - dizzy up the girl vivid - go! What the hell was I thinking? I bought all these within several weeks in 1997/1998, I think. Must have been because I was far away from home and totally confused. Thanks to the powers that be, I have recovered. I am not ashamed, by the way, by owning records(!) like "Hits '88", Jason Donovan's "Especially for you" or BROS. I was 10. So what? (via urlLink do you feel loved , urlLink prolific )



 Got my computer back, and the baby is working quite nicely again, even though I need to adjust to the tiny little changes. However, turning him on, I had to discover that ALL MY FILES WEREN'T THERE . A brief, albeit intense panic came over me, and I called the repair shop and calmly inquired as to what happened to them (because, like Bobo commented, a motherboard mishap should not endanger the content of the harddrive in any way) and -like expected- found out the idiots had forgotten to put the not quite PG-13 and intensely personal content of "caro's files" back where they belong and had kept them on their computersystem were my files rested while they worked on the hardware. I was offered to either drag my computer back to them, or to pick my files up on CD-Rom tomorrow. Opted for the latter, not just because dragging the baby through town just sucks, but also because having my files as of Thursday on CD-ROM once and for all isn't too bad of a start of having some -you know- back up. Feels strange, this empty computer. I can't wait to get my files back. Still missing my Radiohead mp3's.

 That aside, I am okay and had a lovely social weekend so far. Computer Cold Turkey ain't nice, though. Longed so much for Radiohead live that I almost bought the CD today, even though I have it all on mp3. Not having my computer there forced me to spend my time productively which indeed worked out: cleaned the windows, tidied up, gave me a pedicure, cooked a real meal just for me. All important things, if less important than finally getting my site up (which is what I would have done if my motherboard hadn't imploded). Might have him back as soon as Monday though, not all is lost. And the baby will be faster then, too! Yay. Good news of the day: the toyboy is already back in Australia, after an odyssee of trying to get his ticket changed. Had a little phone call today, and it was lovely to hear him properly, and to know he was feeling good and happy. More phone calls tomorrow, I hope. He's further away now, but as strange as it is, it feels closer, simply because I can now picture again what his life is like. Hope the lovey-doveyness we had will stay though, even though he isn't in Thailand anymore. I've gotten used to that much attention already. And boy, do I like it! :) That much for this weekend (Internet Cafe closed on Sundays). Off to the movies, urlLink Memento tonight.

 Bloody Hell (part III) It's the urlLink motherboard . :( Adios 160Euro.

 Bloody HELL (part II) Being in a pricey Internet Cafe just gave me the chance of looking at my blog in Netscape for the very first time. Does it look as horrible for all of you? Please tell me it doesn't. PLEASE!

 Bloody HELL! My computer experienced a major meltdown for inexplicable reasons last night (which sparked me to run around my flat screaming and crying for an hour). I carried my baby to the puter shop to have him checked out: The guy in the computer shop asked me just what info on my hard drive was important....and I could just reply "ALL". I don't even want to think about how long it will take to get all my software back.... :( or what it would be like if all my files were lost. I really shouldn't even think about it. In any way: less from me until I have my baby back, which should be mid next week. *sob sob*

 I am ZOE. I'm in love with love. Which Sesame Street Character Are You? (via urlLink grim )

 urlLink Pulp: Bad Cover Version . My faves are Kylie and Elton, no doubt about that. Hilarious.

 urlLink Lyle surely knows his kiwifruit. Fruit guy: "You don't know what you are talking about, you can't tell what country a kiwifruit comes from just by looking at it." Lyle: "Haven't you been listening, I know what I am talking about when it comes to kiwifruit, and there is no way those are NZ kiwifruit. Look not even a single fruit is labelled, NZ kiwifruit are always labelled. " Tis the same drama at my supermarket. They have yucky italian Kiwifruit, and the big sign over them reads "from New Zealand" . As if. Every Kiwifruit consumer who knows their Kiwifruit knows how to recognize real NZ Kiwis. They aren't just "Kiwis". They are urlLink ZESPRIS . Which reminds me that I'd really like one now. A real one. A decent green Zespri. Hmmmm. (via urlLink bloghop / urlLink Slightly bewildered )



 Another good "new" thing today: urlLink Scarletletters , completely overhauled. Already got a glimpse of the new layout (and an excellent piece of writing by urlLink Hanne ) these past few days, while urlLink Heather was coding her brains out, and boy, is it AWESOME now. A pleasure to both the eyes and the brains. Anxiously awaiting the time the site is online in its entirety. Bigger, better, faster, more.

 In the spirit of the day, I'd like to recommend urlLink

 Happy Thursday everyone. Or Happy Valentines Day, if you celebrate. Yes, I too feel like February 14th is as good a day for giving roses/cards/chocolates/knuffels and saying I love you 's as any other day of the year, but I just don't feel like doing the usual yearly rant about the commercialness of this day yet again. I'm so very loved up at the moment, without relationship worries and doubts but making plans instead and getting three love filled eMails a day that I honestly don't care. :) urlLink

 now featured on this blog: urlLink BlogSnob: free text ads urlLink Comments by YACCS .

 Did you know there is a womanly offence greater than body odour or bad breath? No? - Neither did I, until urlLink Kitto showed me which 1950's ad she wanted to review for her "Images of Women in the Media" class. urlLink An ad for "Zonite", a douching product - for "newer feminine hygiene!" In case you didn't know: pussy smells bad! So bad that other people notice! So bad that your partner doesn't want to have sex with you! So bad that your marriage breaks up! The ads are insane, yet in their insanity quite entertaining. Sort of like the entertainment you get from reading the White Supremacists Dating Tips : the lunatic line of argumentation is so obvious that all you can do -instead of getting enraged- is being amused. The basic line of argumentation is that female genitals are, by default, ugly and offensively smelly. To get rid of that smell -which other people might notice ( I wonder how, really: Did people in the 1950's regularly smell each other's crotches as part of saying hello? ), they recommend douching "for hygiene, charm, health and happiness" . As if douching would make pussys happy. It's just the opposite, really: Nothing quite like douching to make sure that your pussy is unhappy and that the delictate balance of bacteria that make up the excellently working yet delicate vaginal self-cleaning system is out of sync. Healthy pussys don't smell. Pussys who've been stripped of their normal bacteria do. Can we all say Yeast Infection? I really wonder how uncomfortable it must have been for the poor Zonite trusting wifes in 1953. - Trying to make their "smelly" pussies nice, the more they tried, the worse it must have got. The "world famous surgeon and scientist" was obviously lacking some basic knowledge about the female body when he suggested squishing anti-bacterial solution into vaginas. Apart from advocating an unhealthy practise (which isn't too different from today's SlimFast or Diet Supplement ads), what strikes me as especially bad about these ads is the general suggestion that a) the love of your partner depends on your "clean" pussy; and b) that you are to blame when he (you know women always have male partners, right?) looses interest in sex. Oh, and c) as a result, it's your fault, too, when your marriages fails because of the lack of sex. What a burden on women and their genitals. - So big a burden that 1950's women frantically shot up something "powerfully effective yet positively non-poisonous" into their vaginas. Quite sad, hm? The only sadder thing I know are all the women taking phen-fen like dietary supplements ending up with heart failure, just for the sake of being thin. One might expect women to have learned how to look through all the phony advertising and withstand it after 50 years of female abuse in advertising. - But nothing much has changed, if you look at the ads in your average cosmo-type magazine. We haven't come a long way here ladies, at all.

 urlLink The Dido demographics. Do you fit in? I quite thankfully don't. Got 9 of them. (via urlLink not so soft )

 urlLink Oh Buffy, why don't you just take Spike when he offers himself to you on a silver plate. What a good episode. What stupid behaviour from the slayer. Oh, Spikey. :)

 true love waits ~radiohead~ i'll drown my beliefs to have you be in peace i'll dress like your niece to wash your swollen feet just don't leave, don't leave and true love waits in haunted attics and true love wins on lollipops and crisps just don't leave, don't leave i'm not living i'm just killing time your tiny hands your crazy kiss and smile just lonely, lonely.. just lonely, lonely.." You know it's all going downhill when I start listening to radiohead because I actually *want* to. urlLink does this song have any meaning? oh yes, it does.

 No comment from me. At least not in guestbooks, comments or on message boards. Somehow, I just don't feel like commenting and advice giving at the moment. Nor like blind repeating of what several people have already posted. Over these past months, I slowly but surely stopped leaving comments at other people's blogs. - Not because I don't read their sites any more, don't care or don't like what they write; I am still there, read and admire their writing, but at the moment I just don't feel like I have the right to comment on anyone's life (commenting feels ratehr intrusive to me), nor the wits to post anything sparkly, helpful or good. Why would my 2 cents be useful in any way? How could I dare to give a comment about a situation and assume I knew more than the person actually being in the situation? It just doesn't seem to be my time for brilliant noteleaving However, you, my faves, can rest assured that I am there, silently lurking in the shadow, at least for a wee little while. (and posting this feels terribly pretentious and so not like something this blog is intended to hold)

 urlLink Worth looking forward to. Not that I will actually be able to watch it. But still. Will be there online, and expect them to rock in both pre-season and season. Will be in the country for the Grand Final after all. Or so I hope.

 It's the start of lent tomorrow, and here I find myself pondering whether I should give something up for lent, like I did two years ago. Is it too ridiculous to give up all kinds of choc (including Nutella) and pepsi (two of my three main food groups at the moment; the third one is Frosties with Skim milk)? Would certainly help getting my eating back on track, if I don't end up just eating Frosties that is. Shouldn't worry about it being big enough a sacrifice, as this isn't religiously motivated at all. Ever since that mass I took part in the week following September 11th, during which the bishop of Freiburg repeatedly called the attacks an "act of the devil", my turning away from organised belief feels like the RightThing. In a way, I envy those who believe, all the while being a wee bit amazed by the fact they do believe. It's so far removed from my being at the moment, yet it looks like life is easier if you have a set of rules to follow or the feeling that someone is watching over you or wanting good things to happen to you. I have neither. In any way, this isn't a religious exercise at all. More of a cleansing one. Or one of testing my ability to abstain. Abstaining from my two favourite evils and adding some quiet time and Sun Salutations every morning for at least the next 40 days would probably make me feel better both inside and out. Would also help in finally getting me on track re: the agreement I have with Evan about looking after myself better. So that's a plan then: No choc, no caffeine, no carbonated drinks, centering myself and being good to myself. Sounds hard enough anyway.

 urlLink International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia: The Trial of Slobodan Milosevic Have been watching it on urlLink CNN , amazed at seeing history in the making, really. I am impressed and proud that the United Nations, that we as "humanity", are bringing a dictator to court and treating him fairly. In past times, he would have been killed when caught, now he gets a trial, so the world can see why what he did was wrong. It's a lesson to every dictator-to-be sitting somewhere plotting his very own plans of genocide. Humanity doesn't stand by and watch and tolerate. How could we, after urlLink Srebrenica? (for more, read the excellent book urlLink Endgame: The Betrayal and Fall of Srebrenica, Europe's Worst Massacre Since World War II by David Rohde.) Maybe one fine day, we will indeed have an International Criminal Court. I wish that we do, even though I doubt we will as long as the US keep playing global police and let their soldiers commit war crimes that need to swept under the table and be dealt with internally instead of in front of a global tribunal.

 urlLink Caro, Michigan urlLink Sir Anthony Caro urlLink Caro Corp. urlLink CaroResearch urlLink Caro Systems Inc. urlLink Caro Autoteile urlLink CaRo CameraRobot urlLink Caro: The Canadian Association of Radiation Oncologists urlLink CaroPublicity urlLink Caro Bren urlLink Caro Club Hotel urlLink Caro WebServices urlLink Caro Trading urlLink Bibliothque Municipale de Caro, France Something new for my wishlist: a touristy t-shirt or school jumper from urlLink Caro, Michigan . :)

 Just this morning I experienced another bout of physical "being apart" pain, as usual in the shower, where -for obvious reasons- I feel really defenseless. Stood there, and felt alone, and imagined him there, just like a week ago. Have been pondering whether I should do a countdown online, the reverse to what I didd before he came here, but have come to the conclusion that it would be just too depressing to watch the time since we've last been together tick by, without knowing just exactly when we *will* be together again. Could do with some cuddling right now. Or better yet: a plane ticket.

 I've developed a real excitement about urlLink Home Comforts: The Art and Science of Keeping House by Cheryl Mendelson, a book I got for christmas (from my wishlist, I might add). It's what I always wanted and needed. - A comment that surprised many males I knew and a comment that many gals I know wholeheartedly agreed to once they saw the book. And no, we're all liberated and feminist, at least to a certain degree. "The Art and Science of keeping house" is not a "100 hints how to make house keeping faster" book. It's old-fashioned in it's authorative tone and exhaustively detailed about issues ranging from "how to lay a table" to "carefully disregarding care labels in clothing" to "why antibacterial cleaners are unncessary". It's not about Martha Stewart-like house decorations or about style: it's about basic housekeeping chores that you never really think about until you either wonder how to do them or get into a discussion about habits with someone who does something differently to you. It's been consulted by me and various friends on such important questions as "how often should you change your sheets?", "how do you remove wax stains from fabric?" and "when should you get rid of your chopping board?". Indeed, the Food Safety section of the book is extensive and really helpful. Some reviews at amazon called this author, Cheryl Mendelson, a lawyer and housekeeper, a "cleaning nazi", but really, I do not feel threatened by the book or the routines described in there all or feel like I am told exactly how and when to do something. Instead it offers endless variations and stresses that *you* need to decide which routines fit your lifestyle. In any way, now you know it: I enjoy house keeping. Until a few years back, I was always a big hoarder & collector. Aside from books, I never collected anything specific, instead I just kept all random "things" that crossed my way. I never threw away magazines, ticket stubs, the contents of kinder surprise eggs, little paper bits written in class and the like. You get the idea. My two tiny attic rooms at my parents place were filled with these kinds of "things": Nothing of real value. Nothing that served a real purpose. Once I had read them, I hardly looked at the hundreds of magazines. I forgot just why exactly I had kept that empty champagne bottle for months. Sometimes, between stacks of useless stuff, I'd come across something I "really" wanted to keep but that had gotten lost in the masses of things I didn't *really* need. I can't pin the exact moment down when I started throwing away stuff, but one morning I woke up and realised that - as corny as it sounds- less baggage makes for a nicer treck on the road of life. - And that memories rarely depend on "things". So I started "le grande throw out", which has turned into an almost yearly ritual: I submerge myself deeply in the content of all my cupboards and drawers, sort each and every thing I own and throw or give lots and lots. A very liberating experience. Once I had discovered how nice it is to have a de-cluttered life and livingspace, I discovered the pleasure of cleaning. It must have been building up inside my litle obsessive compulsive personality for a while: the demon was unleashed once I moved from flatmate hell to my first tiny appartment. Here, it didn't take long until my rather extreme sense of order appeared. Still have the excuse that "the lack of space makes it necessary" . In any way, I started to really enjoying house keeping. I like orderly bookshelves. I get an immense pleasure out of scrubbing the shower or the bathroom sink, I like clean shiny windows and doing a wee bit of gardening on my balcony. It's all instant gratification: You do something and see the result immediately, and they last for a little while, too, and make you happy for that little while. ( urlLink Hanne wrote something about urlLink just that yesterday ) For me, cleaning this flat or sorting and re-arranging things is a good way to get rid of anger, to activate me when I feel like really not doing a single thing, to clear my head. I'd call it meditative, actually. There are only two possible reasons for me for not looking after this flat: I am either busy spending time in bed catching up with my toyboy and couldn't care less about doing the dishes. Or I am on the downslide into the familar caves of depression. It happens. As long as I house keep, you don't need to worry about me. While we're at it, I make another confession: Yup. I sometimes overdo it, the order thing. I need to learn to be less german, and more aussie and to relax more sometimes. And I am getting there. Having a "home" is less about cleanliness and order than about a certain feeling your living quaters give you. It's about cooking meals and eating them in a nice way with people around you. It's ultimatively about enjoying your space. Thanks Mrs.Mendelson for teaching me that. As I really do not feel like cooking now, and have no one to share meals with: excuse me while I am off to clean my bathroom.

 Bought to you via urlLink Jason and urlLink Cory urlLink White Supremacist Dating Tips . "Women get turned on by seeing men work, play, and just move around. Your reflexes are so fast! You are so much stronger than we are. It's nothing short of mesmerizing. When you only let her see you sitting in a chair and walking down a street, you hide almost your entire self, as a man, from her. Let her see you carry the heavy pack. Lift her down off the rock. If there's a party, don't just sit there! Organize a game that excites the girls: chase them around with a pair of vampire teeth. (Women are fascinated with Dracula.) Play murder-murder, a great cocktail party game where you get your sweetie off into the basement, a closet or an upstairs bathroom -- and "strangle" her, leaving the other party guests to discover the "body" and solve the mystery of who the "killer" was. Pillow fight. Grab her and point a silly toy phaser to her head and say, "Now you have to do whatever I want. You're my prisoner." Say, "I'm going to teach you how to dance. Come here." If there's a silly plastic Halloween knife (which you brought) on the coffee table then why not pick it up and say, "Hmm. This is a nice knife. (pause) Rrrrrrr! All the better to rape you with, Liz!" And hear her laugh and squeal." Yup, I, too, believe that this advice is one step on the way to making sure these guys do not find mates and manage to procreate. footnote: interestingly enough, the female authour of this advice is urlLink still single . are we seeing a wee bit of generalisation here? You know, girly, not all women enjoy being scared with knives and threatened to be raped. And those who do, prefer having a urlLink safeword , love.

 wanadoo.fr sends you a nice automated eMail urlLink when you report people abusing their services : "We thank you for the confidence that you have shown to us." That's gratifying, too. Yes, please pity me and my boring little existence.

 Wasn't a good weibchen today. Didn't comply with the agreement Evan and I made before he left: Didn't look after myself, didn't study, ate crappily in crappy amounts, avoided people. Can I blame this on forgetting to take my estrogen these past two days and am hence feeling pms hell nearing already? Please?



 For lack of brilliant posting on my part lately, may I direct you to some of the fine people freshly added to my sidebar? So give a warm clicky welcome to...my fellow urlLink Scarleteen volunteer and dear friend urlLink Brianna from "soot and stars" ; urlLink Chris from "do you feel loved?" , urlLink Stuart from "feeling listless" , who I noticed when he wrote the urlLink nicest things I ever read about this blog ; urlLink Jason from "Q Daily News" and urlLink Robin from ferociousthings.com . P.S. Btw, Stuart is right, and Evan is not from urlLink The Secret Life of Us . He. :)

 Send someone who'll put me in one of those tight and comfy restraining jackets and admit me to a mental hospital. Or someone who'll give my life some meaning. Sparked by an especially vomit inducing piece of spam I tracked and reported to their ISPs each and every idiot who spammed me today. And Boy, was it GRATIFYING!

 Any time George W. gets his hands on a microphone, he somehow manages to offend a whole bunch of people. Apparently, hadn't had enough fun from pissing off Europe, Iran and Korea and whoever else with his latest state of the union address, urlLink he now pissed off the IOC , too. Funky. Nothing quite like a president working hard on proving to the rest of the world that all our prejudice against his country aren't prejudice, but actually almost correct observations instead.

 There are internet cafes in the PDR Laos. :)

 Stayed up late last night, writing soppy eMails the toyboy won't read before Monday, watching the german pre-coverage to the urlLink Olympics with one eye , falling asleep just as R Kelly started to sing. Out of protest, I guess. Oh, the glory of it all. Unfortunately I didn't turn off the TV, or got around doing it the next 20 times I sort of woke up in the next few hours. Felt like Evan was in the room, and my tired little brain kept thinking that it was because of him that the TV was on ( Why would he want to see the Winter Olympics though? ), and I kept asking him to turn off the TV and come to bed. Even threw all the extra pillows I re-added this past week and my hot water bottle and Francesca out of the bed to make the bed more appealing to him, but still, he wouldn't come to bed. When will my subconcious realise he's not there at night anymore? Really, how bad can it get this weekend? I am in desperate need of distraction, and all I will be able to see on TV is either german carnival from each and every fucking region of this country (on prime time, mind you, and not of prime quality at all), or .. urlLink what's on this weekend? ...fresstyle, cross country skiing and ice hockey. Great.

 urlLink Teleporting larger objects becomes real possibility This, unfortunately, doesn't mean that there'll be beaming any time soon (a technique from which the toyboy and I would greatly profit). "The technique should work for any objects - atoms, molecules and who knows what else - as long as you can split the beam into a quantum superposition." You call these large ? *duh*

 ...oh, and a romantic (yet practical) thing I will do in just about 15 minutes: play requested alarm clock for my toyboy, in far away Thailand, to wake him up just in time for his departure to Laos. Hope I/he/we won't cry like the previous two times we talked today.

 Felt like joining into the urlLink Friday Five Thing from Heather @ urlLink smattering.org . Voil: First Time Friday Fives. If I believed in Virginity, I'd call them "virginal". He. 1. What's the most romantic thing you've ever done for someone else? Thinking about it, I had to realise I am not one for grandiose romantic gestures, going on tv aside (but then I didn't start that one off), am more for the little things. Such as roses at airports, tram trips to work with my toyboy in the morning, just to spend these 15 minutes with him, and the like. 2. [pardon the cosmo question] What are your erogenous zones? My brain. Honestly. Talk seductively into my ear. Hell, if you do it right, reading the phone book will do. Then do something, anything to my neck, and I am yours. 3. How old were you the first time you had sex? Care to expound? Had sex with myself starting when I was young, partnered sex younger than most, and vaginal intercourse (that's "sex" for most people, isn't it?) at the pretty standard age of 16 (going on 17), with someone that I loved a lot, who was an artist and 9 years older than me. Our afterglow talk was about Mark Rothko. And it was all pretty decent for first intercourse, I reckon. 4. What's the most unusual place you've ever had sex? urlLink There. 5. Do you have plans for Valentine's Day or is it just another Thursday? No big romantic plans for me, considering the toyboy is far away (as usual). If he were here, we'd have a nice couply evening, I am sure. *sigh*

 urlLink things i did today to feel close to you, mnnchen.

 I feel like Monday today, btw. Not like Friday at all. All because I've been stripped of the rituals that held me together these past weeks. No coupledom, cuddling, penne alla panna for me tonight. Really don't feel like eating at the moment. Had a pretzel at ProFa earlier today, threw down some chocolates and cashews a while ago. And feel sick now. Oh, how surprising. Should really get to the supermarket soon, buy some decent food. And eat it, too, in normal quantities. Thinking about my toyboy, far away in urlLink northeast Thailand , who's off to Laos tomorrow, and can't get the pictures from last weekend, the sun-filled, love-filled, sex-filled perfect weekend out of my stupid little head. Why the hell is it Friday? Were it Monday, I would at least feel the pressure togetsomethingdone. Not now though. Feels like it's time for redesign and/or relocation. Nothing like a bit of html to take your mind off things.

 The daughter of the student who died while giving birth in her dorm's bathroom ( urlLink as mentioned previously ) passed away last week, too, 4 days after her mother. Karen Hubbard's case sparked Melbourne's urlLink "The Age" to publish urlLink "Counting the costs of sex and shame" , a pretty decent, if slightly superficial article about teen sexuality and shame in the US. Worth checking out. Quite obviously, it's always easy to critisize from afar. But still, the authour has more than just one point there.

 The night, btw, sucked just a bit. I did sleep, not well, but at least I did. Kept waking up, stayed on one half of the bed, felt alone. Alas, it was not as bad as expected. At least something, hm?

 urlLink TOFZ.ORG - spontaneous photos from Paris, San Francisco and Amsterdam. Lovely. And perfect for when you need to look at something creative and pretty to waste some time.

 Wanted to go to bed hours ago. Not that I really "wanted to", but felt like I should. And now I am still sitting here in front of my computer, randomly eating things without any nutritional value, avoiding to take off my clothes and go into the shower and be overwhelmed with flashbacks of being in there with him, earlier this week, him washing my hair while I lean against him. And the bed... I just don't want to wake up in the middle of the night and search for him. I just want to sleep, and tomorrow to start. I want the day to be over, and peace of mind.

 He's gone. And it's as bad as I feared it would be. Or worse. Or whatever. Spend the last 2 days at my parents place, wrapped up in cotton wool, and now that I am back here in my flat, the emptiness of it all, of the flat, of me, hits me for the first time. It might sound trivial, but it's realising there's just one bath towel on the rack, no razor by the sink and an half empty closet that brought tears to my eyes. Same goes for putting away my backpack, not seeing his things in my cellar, discovering that he put the bag that we used on Monday to bring our stuff to the laundromat exactly where it should go. Smiling at the fact he really made an effort of doing it the same ocded way I like things to be. It's the away-ness that hurts me. I know he's not feeling to well, and here I am, a few thousand km away, not feeling too well either. And all I want is to be next to him. Yes, all is good. But why in all the world, if we are that sure of us, and it all, than why can't we just be together *now*? Am tired, but I really don't want to sleep tonight, for I slept in this bed with him for more nights than without him. It will feel so empty. How can get back to normal? I have no clue.

 nur nicht ~erich fried~ das leben wre vielleicht einfacher wenn ich dich gar nicht getroffen htte weniger trauer jedes mal wenn wir uns trennen mssen weniger angst vor der nchsten und bernchsten trennung und auch nicht soviel von dieser machtlosen sehnsucht wenn du nicht da bist die nur das unmgliche will und das sofort im nchsten augenblick und die dann betroffen ist und schwer atmet das leben wre vielleicht einfacher wenn ich dich nicht getroffen htte es wre nur nicht mein leben

 Feeling random. Being random online. Wondering where my mnnchen is. We had both hoped for an early escape from HisLastDayAtWork today...and now it's almost 6. And I worry somewhat. Indeed, I worry. How very much like my mother.

 urlLink The Lord of the Rings - done in Lego. lovely. (via urlLink my blue house )

 fr mich soll's rote rosen regnen ~hildegard knef~ mit sechzehn sagte ich still: ich will will gross sein, will siegen, will froh sein, nie lgen mit sechzehn sagte ich still: ich will will alles - oder nichts fr mich soll's rote rosen regnen mir sollten smtliche wunder begegnen die welt sollte sich umgestalten und ihre sorgen fr sich behalten und spter sagte ich noch: ich mcht' verstehen, viel sehen, erfahren, bewahren und spter sagte ich noch: ich mcht' nicht allein sein und doch frei sein fr mich soll's rote rosen regnen mir sollten smtliche wunder begegnen das glck sollte sich sanft verhalten es soll mein schicksal mit liebe verwalten und heute sage ich still: ich sollt' mich fgen, begngen - ich kann mich nicht fgen kann mich nicht begngen, will immer noch siegen will alles - oder nichts fr mich soll's rote rosen regnen mir sollten ganz neue wunder begegnen mich fern vom alten neu entfalten von dem was erwartet das meiste halten ich will ich will urlLink Hildegard Knef has passed away. May you be showered in red roses.

 Already Friday. Where did this week go? We both had a sucky night last night...Evan had another bout of migraine, so we went to bed really early. - Too early for me: I woke up at 2am, wide awake, tried to sleep, tried not wake Evan up, got sad feeling him next to me, cried a bit, lay awake for ages, until Ev told me to turn on the light and simply try to read a bit. And indeed, that worked splendidly, 15 pages of The Return of the King, and I managed to fall asleep soon after, indeed finding some rest and waking up feeling pretty ok. Spend the morning running errands and doing grocery shopping to last us the entire weekend, trying to save a few cents by making the tram trip out to the large out of town urlLink supermarket . Really, as much as I love the , the new coins and notes, the going over the border without changing money thing, the unity aspect of it, the price rise this past month has been horrendous. I have no idea where all my money went this month, it just dissolved somehow. Also prepared the last bits for Evan's little goodbye pressie. Only need to write his card, our usual goodbye ritual (just remembered how I wrote the first card for him, sitting in the large room in the YMCA hostel in Berlin, almost to the day 2 years ago, unbelievable how many things have changed since then), should do this soonish, he'll (hopefully) be home soon. Also prepared Tiramisu for tomorrow.... this should be a nice weekend, filled with culinary and other delights. To cover the sadness, at least a wee little bit. I promise, my Tiramisu can do that. The World's best Tiramisu -High-Cal, salmonella-risky but bloody awesome- To be prepared the day before you want to consume it. You'll need 4 eggyolks of really really fresh eggs, otherwise everyone will come down with salmonella 80g sugar the inside of 1/2 of a vanilla bean , the really fresh stuff. Otherwise, the best extract you can find, in that case, enough for 500ml 500g mascarpone 200 ml espresso , freshly brewed and cooled 4 cl grappa or brandy 150g (or more) spoon biscuits , the sugar covered kind, the cheapest usually do cocao with very low fat content confused by the measurements? urlLink go here to convert Mix the eggyolks with the sugar until the sugar is completely dissolved and the mixture has a nice creamy texture. This can take several minutes. Add the scratched out insides of the vanilla bean or the vanilla extract. Put away the mixer. You'll now need a wooden spoon or a whisk, as you want to be gentle with the mascarpone. - If you beat it, the mixture will get runny and will not be edible! So, using the spoon, lowly add -a spoon full at a time- the mascarpone to the egg/sugar/vanilla mix. Stir gently, until almost all clumps are gone. Add another spoon full, stir until the clumps are gone, and so forth, until you've slowly added all the mascarpone. You should now have a nice thick creamy mixture. Put it aside for a sec. Combine the cold espresso with the grappa. Now you're almost done. - You just need to layer the Tiramisu. Put half the biscuits into a low ceramic souffle tin, soak them with half of the espresso/grappa mix, be generous here. Pour half of the mascarpone mixture on top of the biscuits, spreading it evenly. Put the other half of the biscuits on top, soak them with the rest of the espresso/grappa mix, put the rest of the mascarpone mix on top. Voila, that's all your work for the day. Cover the tin with cling wrap and put it in the back of the fridge. Wait for as long as you can bear, at least overnight. The longer you wait, the mushier the biscuits, the yummier the entire thing. Before serving, sprinkle it thickly (through a sieve) with cocoa. Enjoy. If there are any leftovers after your first serving (which is rather unlikely), put the leftovers, covered with cling wrap, quickly back into the fridge. Make sure you consume them as soon as possible, if you've kept the Tiramisu in your fridge longer than 3 days, consider throwing it out for the salmonella risk. Anyway, more maybe later. Or maybe next week. Or whenever I get back online. I got a boy to kiss and make love to and with and a life to live this weekend. Come next week, all will be back to normal. And no. I really am not looking forward to that.

 There's something about wearing lipgloss and sunnies and driving around in a BMW that does make life easier to bear. Shoot me for my superficiality. But it helps. :)

 urlLink Friday Five . And on a Friday, too! 1. What's your favorite animal? It's a whole group of animals: marsupials. Yes. Ridiculous. Caused by my general liking of Australia. But I do love them all, especially Koalas. 2. What pets have you had in your lifetime? 2 Goldfish, 2 budgies (which i'd never have again, btw) and three cats (Milka, named after the choc brand because she looked liek a cow and who was run over by a car; Isis, who died a tragic vet induced death and Mephiste, who hates me with a passion). Or four cats, if you count Kisek, the outdoor cat who *really* belongs to the evil neighbours as mine.If I consider how much food he's gotten at my place and that he waits in front of my door every morn and nigth, I think he qualifies. 3. Is there any specific pet that you've wanted but never had? Why? Nope, not really. I'm not one for exotic pets and never dreamt of having snakes or spiders. 4. Are you allergic to any animals? Nope. 5. Do you have any 'pet' pet peeves (your pets or others')? Mephiste going berserk when my parents are away and urinating all over the place, just for entertainment. Cat food smell - Mephiste loves the one kind that stinks the most. Cat food containers that you can't open without getting any on your hands.

 urlLink "It's the weirdest feeling when your dreams really do come true." And oh, how I hope to be able to say that one fine day, too. :)

 Am feeling braindead and tired and lonely and ugly and fat and just not good at all. Felt so low that I didn't even call Ev this morning, which had been my plan. Don't know when and how this developed, but I am without any drive at all and all I manage is flipping TV channels and pouring Corn Pops into a bowl. Yes, very very useful state of being. Have to get over it, and soon, too, or otherwise I will stay here in rentstown longer than I should. I need to get away. But somehow I fear that life in hometown won't be much better. What caused this? I have no idea. Skipping my estrogen for two days (which I did to see whether it had any effect on menstruation, which it did) is prolly not to blame. It's life here. And being alone. And just everything. And I hate it. All that I want is Stillness of heart So I can start To find my way Out of the dark And into your heart thanks for your input, Mr.Kravitz.

 Its difficult to express what it feels like to be away from Ev at the moment. The little bit of writing ability that I have fails me here. I try to write something down, and it sounds pretentious, pseudo-romantic and not at all like what it feels like. As strange as it is, posting that song by Alanis Morisette (of all people), comes pretty damn close to what it feels like. Its without boundaries and expectations, deep and unconditional and caring. And good grace, I never expected it to ever be this way. On an unrelated note: Am keeping my fingers crossed for urlLink Grim and sending good energy over the channel for him: He has a scary embassy interview deciding about his immigration to the US tomorrow and is hence doing something quite similar to what I will probably find myself doing one not too distant day away; from what I hear, Aussie Immigration is not far behind the Americans in level of evilness, scariness and strictness. Its been so damn good to read about all the goodness, nervousness, the being scared, the preparations and whatever else leading up to his -if all goes well- upcoming move and marriage to urlLink Kate . The best of luck to you, Graeme. Itll all work out splendidly. And if they indeed ask for a urlLink chicken recipe : theres a damn good Chicken Curry Recipe for 4-6 people in Happy Days with the Naked Chef. :)

 You Owe Me Nothing In Return ~Alanis Morissette~ I'll give you countless amounts of out-right acceptance if you want it. I will give you encouragment to choose the path that you want if you need it. You can speak of anger and doubts, your fears and freak-outs and I'll hold it. You can share your so-called "shamefilled" accounts of times in your life and I won't judge it. And there are no strings attached to it. You owe me nothing for giving the love that I give. You owe me nothing for caring the way that I have. I give you thanks for receiving, it's my privilege, and you owe me nothing in return. You can ask for space for yourself and only yourself and I'll grant it. You can ask for freedom as well or time to travel and you'll have it. You can ask to live by yourself or love someone else and I'll support it. You can ask for anything you want, anything at all and I'll understand it. And there are no strings attached to it. You owe me nothing for giving the love that I give. You owe me nothing for caring the way that I have. I give you thanks for receiving, it's my privilege, and you owe me nothing in return. I bet you're wondering when the next payback shoe will eventually drop. I bet you're wondering when my conditional police will force you to cough up. I bet you're wondering how far you have now danced your way back into debt. This is the only kind of love as I understand it that there really is. You can express your deepest of thruths even if it means I'll lose you and I'll hear it. You can fall into the abyss on your way to your bliss, I'll empathize with. You can say that you'll have to skip town to chase your passion and I'll hear it. You can leave and hit rock bottom have a mid-life chrisis and I'll hold it. And there are no strings attached to it. You owe me nothing for giving the love that I give. You owe me nothing for caring the way that I have. I give you thanks for receiving, it's my privilege, and you owe me nothing in return. You owe me nothing for giving the love that I give. You owe me nothing for caring the way that I have. I give you thanks for receiving, it's my privilege, and you owe me nothing in return. mantra: i don't feel guilty for quoting alanis morisette. I still don't like her music after all. i don't feel embarrassed for quoting alanis morisette. I still don't like her music after all. i don't feel guilty for quoting alanis morisette. I still don't like her music after all. i don't feel embarrassed for quoting alanis morisette. I still don't like her music after all.

 urlLink Friday Five on a Saturday. As usual. :) 1. What makes you homesick? I am rarely homesick for the place I am at the moment, parentstown. Never really. A tiny bit maybe when thinking about the outdoor cat. I get homesick for unitown when thinking about the comfort of my flat, my computer and what it sounds and looks like to walk along the main street on a sunny summer saturday morning. I get homesick for Melbourne (hometown-to-be) all the bloody time: when listening to Something for Kate, when Formula One is on TV, when I am thinking about the toyboy, when I see anything Aussie anywhere. All the bloody time. 2. Where is "home" for you? Is it where you are living now, or somewhere else (ie: Mom & Dad's house, particular state/city)? I consider unitown, the city where Ive lived for the past 4 years home. 3. What makes it home for you? People? Things? Home is where the heart is. I can feel at home without my things if I am surrounded by those who I love. I can feel at home at a new place, where there is no one that I know (yet) if I have my things. So its all, really. I can feel at home at new places quite quickly. 4. Where is the furthest you've been from home, urlLink miles-wise ? 11580 miles (18637 km). Thats the distance between Christchurch, New Zealand, where I lioved for a while in 1996 and parentstown, which was my then hometown. Ive probably been further away, considering that I travelled a lot in NZ and went further south then CHCH. But you get the drift. Ive been as far away as I possibly can, I reckon. And I really didnt mind at all. 5. What are your plans for this weekend? Work on Saturday. Rent a movie featuring Viggo Mortensen. Read some books. Cook some good food. Bake a bread from a recipe in Happy Days with the Naked Chef. Clean up after the neurotic cat. Talk with the Toyboy. Visit Grandmother. Convince brother to let me drive the Boxster. Thats about it. All terribly un-exciting.

 Oh, life. Its busy and boring and unexciting. Spend the morning in the bookshop, unpacking orders, re-organizing shelves, running errands. And keeping an eye on the cash register, too, as StealingEmployee worked today. And she need money on Saturdays. Need food. And a good nights sleep. And a kiss and a cuddle from the toyboy, too. At least I can provide myself with the first. My sleeping really sucks at the moment. Dont know whether its simply the small bed and the screaming cat, or what else. I hate waking up early in the morning - I keep fearing that its the starting sign of yet another bout of being in the fangs of depression at its finest. When I have been sleeping, the dreams my subconcious has been making up have been terrible, too. Dreamt about being in a choir with Kitto, following a cult, with Thorsten being a member, too, and him being psychotic and delusional. Dreamt about a friend of mine, Tim, being dead. All rather dark and not nice. - And a lot more surreal than my dreams usually are. Anyway. Time to get my bum out of the shop, I reckon, time to get home, cook a nice meal and start watching a mindless little movie yet to be collected from the video store. If Ev was here, or I was where he is, Id know a thousand better ways to spend this weekend.

 I miss Evan terribly, by the way. Spending an hour on the phone with him today talking about travel plans and job plans and future plans made me realize again how much better my life is when we're not 16.409 km apart.

 It's dark out there, and raining heavily, and I had to flee the house because the household help is there and I can't stand the noise and rustle and bustle. Am grateful though for her being there and doing things I don't feel like doing: the neurotic cat has been peeing all over the place because my mother isn't there and really, all my wiping and febreezing the carpet after the cat has hardly been enough. Urgh. Think I will now head off to Ikea to look at things, get the urge to re-decorate and move out and feel sad because of all the cuddly couples there (not as sad as previously though, Ev and I were a cuddly Ikea couple, too, while he was here, and that helped. lots.). Oh, and search for my sparkliness. Yes, life is terribly exciting.

 ich weiss was ich will ~udo jrgens~ dein haar weht im wind, von meinem fenster aus da seh' ich dich geh'n, du winkst herauf und bleibst sekundenlang steh'n. ich denk', wie schn war es doch eben noch hier mit dir. ich wei was ich will. ich will dich fhlen, wenn der morgen erwacht, mit dir den tag verbringen, bis in die nacht, und glauben, nirgends ist ein ende in sicht, nein fr uns nicht. ich wei was ich will. Ich will die leidenschaft, mit der du mich liebst, die sanfte zrtlichkeit, wie du sie mir gibst, die illusion, du lebst allein nur fr mich, die brauche ich. ich wei was ich will. ich will, da endlich etwas neues beginnt, da wir wie ein gedanke, ein krper sind, das ist mein ziel. sag' mir nur eins: will ich zuviel? ich wei was ich will. dir alles zeigen, was ich jemals geseh'n, was du auch immer tust, verzeih'n und versteh'n, was ich noch nie vorher im leben getan, fang' ich jetzt an. ich wei was ich will. ich will dich nie mehr aus den augen verlier'n, will deine hnde sanft und weich auf mir spr'n, glauben daran, da es auch so weitergeh'n kann. noch kann ich dich seh'n. mit schnellem schritt gehst du die strae entlang, mit deinem so vertrauten typischen gang, ich denk,' wie schn war es doch eben noch hier mit dir. ich wei was ich will. an einem leeren strand allein mit dir sein, und alles tun, was man so tun kann zu zwein, und kein gedanke von uns bleibt ungesagt, nichts wird vertagt. ich wei was ich will. wie ein zigeuner durch die welt mit dir zieh'n, dem ganzen zirkus dieses daseins entflieh'n, und alles das bis uns die sinne vergeh'n, wr das nicht schn? ich wei was ich will, da jede nacht fr uns zum karneval wird, und jeder weg nur zueinander uns fhrt, das ist mein ziel. sag' mir eins: will ich zuviel? ich wei was ich will. ich will dich ganz und gar und immer um mich, was uns im wege steht das ndere ich, ich hab' noch nie im leben berge versetzt, ich tu' es jetzt.

 Still over-eating and trying to divert energy into cleaning up and ironing. Not working too well. Still feeling bored and rather alone, too. I so hate being here. Even the order that arrived yesterday (jacket, nighty, bras -without bows!-, pjs for Ev) hasnt lightened my mood. Ive come to realize that shopping really doesnt help at all. I was so bored that last night, that I rented urlLink Bridget Joness Diary -of all movies- which was even worse than I what I expected it to be like. I am whiny, too, but at least I dont behave like a 15 year old. Good grace, what a horrible depiction of women that thing was. gah. Stuff at the shop is relatively ok. Even though all this shit about telling off employees about disappering money feels like I am cleaning up someone elses (namely my mothers) business. Which I am, really. But am only allowed to do half a job. And I hate it. Every second of it. Let me throw out StealingEmployee, and all will be well. Have to deal with this shit just because shes lacking leadership abilities. Thanks mother. Now lets see whether all the money thats supposed to be there is there today. It should be. StealingEmployee wasnt there today. "Anything but sanity - fortified with an extra dose of whining". I hereby promise to get my zest back sometime these next few days. Not that I know how. But Ill try.

 Apple Cinnamon Muffins ~for a dozen small muffins or half a dozen giant ones that taste as good as the muffins you get at Hudosn Coffee in Melbourne~ Youll need 1/2 cup buttermilk 1 egg 1/4 cup butter 1 tsp. vanilla extract 1/2 cup brown sugar 1 really nice baking apple (such as a boskoop) peeled, cored and cubed nicely 1 cup unbleached all-purpose flour 1 tsp. cinnamon 1/4 tsp. salt 1/4 tsp. baking soda 2 tsps. double-acting baking powder Pre-heat oven to 350-F degrees/195C and prepare muffin tins with a light spray of non-stick cooking oil. In a mixing bowl, mix butter, egg and sugar and vanilla extract. Add buttermilk, then the flour to which youve already added the baking powder, baking soda and salt. Blend. Finally add the spice and the apple cubes (which should be stirred in with a wooden spoon). Divide batter equally among muffin cups, approximately 2/3 full. Bake for 20-25 minutes until a toothpick can be cleanly removed from the center of a muffin. Sprinkle lightly with sugar before serving. If youre alone and as eating disordered as me, you wont have much trouble finishing the dozen within 48 hours. If youre more civilised, store the cooled muffins (without sugar on top) in an air-tight container.

 33 ~viggo mortensen~ hace dias que te veo desde arriba. los demas fingen volar. me gustan los aviones, pero no me hacen falta. estudio mis manos en vez de tus ojos. ?cuando sabes como te llamas cuando nadie te escucha? la lluvia canta en la chapa los suenos de ayer, cada gota frenada por el techo de la cocina donde duermo con el gato en la falda.

 Re: New Zealand: when i fed the outdoor cat yesterday morn, the morning smelled like winter mornings in christchurch did in 1996. Clear, sunny, blue, fresh. I somehow expected to see the Southern Alps in the distance behind the houses, like you do when crossing the street in front of my NZ girls's school. But all i saw yesterday were the chimneys from the coal mine.

 urlLink Friday Five on a Sunday. Better late than never. 1. What's your favorite vacation spot? The NZ West Coast (not in winter though). Or somewhere in Victoria. Or a city...Melbourne, London, Amsterdam - anytime. 2. Where do you consider to be the biggest hell-hole on earth? Greymouth, New Zealand. I throughoutly hated the place for the few hours that I was there. Actually, any place on the adorable NZ west coast that was larger than 10 houses kinda sucked. 3. What would be your dream vacation? Ev and me on an Island somewhere in Queensland. 4. If you could go on a road-trip with anyone, who would it be and why? Ev. Maybe not with his beloved car Heidi (she really isn't the most reliable gal to take on a road trip), but him, no doubt. All the little wannabe road trips we've had have been lovely. 5. What are your plans for this weekend? Therapeutic cleaning and ironing, talking my brother into a Boxster ride, visiting grandma, watching viggo sex scenes. All terribly exciting.

 was a busy yet somehow uneventful week so far. the rents left for spain yesterday, and -surprise!- the first 100 (!) &euro were missing from the cash register yesterday. lovely. and yes, the employee who i suspect to have grabbed the 1400 &euro back in january worked yesterday, too. nice. nice. nice. I would so like to throw her out immediately. that aside, i've been compensating for lack of human contact and whatever else with cooking and overeating, purchasing pricey cosmetics (thanks to urlLink shiseido and urlLink mac for assisting me with that) and trying to buy clothes (being partly successful for a change). oh, and watching the sex scenes in urlLink a perfect murder in slow mo (imagining, for once, to be gwyneth paltrow, even though i really don't like her very much: but her being in bed with viggo mortensen playing an artist makes her a lot better in my eyes) and ffwding through the sligthly scary scenes. yes, i am ridiculous. must be that rugged tenderness or whatnot that mr.mortensen has in lotr. in this one, it's the frank appeal (not that frank had a criminal past, too, and would have taken money to kill someone), the creative, poor, long haired, intesen artist-thing. other good thing: my brother was (still) terribly nice when i visited him at work on friday, and good grace, he's currently driving a urlLink Porsche Boxster (instead of the usual urlLink tiny bmw ). nice. hope i can persuade him to a little drive round town to frighten the neighbours sometime these next few days. think he's just nice because he feels guilty for being the first to leave this country (if only to london)and thus makes things even harder for me with the family. it's strange: the general sentiment towards my brothers departure is one of "oh, he doesn't have a choice really and how could he let go of that offer" , whereas i get no support at all because they don't take it seriously in the first place. bloody hell. i wonder when they'll do. prolly not even when i hop on the plane. or whenever. anyway. time to detach myself from the puter. visit grandma later on, do some therapeutic cleansing and if boredom strikes me, check out those viggo sex scenes again to avoid the endless urlLink rtl replays of the melbourne formula 1 race (with frequent aerial overviews), which make my longing to be in that town even more unbearable. if i were the sucky employee, i'd have taken the money, too. and hopped on the next train to frankfurt airport. life is boring. and all i want is to get away from here.

 It's three years to the day that I moved into this little flat here. Three years... unbelievable how quickly they passed. Unbelievable how much things have changed since then. Three years ago, I was still with D (if on a steady downward spiral with him; we never had good times here, just the big fights). I was still good friends with people I don't see anymore at all. We had these strange AllyMcBeal sessions on tuesdays, tina, michael, ulf and me. I was still part of the InGroup. I got out a lot more. It were good times back then. But I don't miss them much. Yes, I made the mistake of eliminating all this superficiality from my life while not replacing it with goodness, but I don't miss that superficiality; I am happy that its gone. I realised that this semester was the first when I didn't get an invitation to the start of the semester party at the place where we used to hang out. And I don't mind at all. I really feel like moving forward now. I need and want progress. It started slowly, last week, with writing a bunch of eMails to people I had lost touch with, with paying off debt that was dragging me down, with organising my flight for July, with contacting my law firm. Sitting in Uni last night, in that seminar I really need to get done this semester in order to prepare for graduation (and that I just couldn't face these past semesters), I realised that I can do it. I could follow, despite all the latest changes in contracts law. It was shocking to realize that all my anxieties were unbased. I just sat there, listened and studied and nothing terrible happened. It wasn't embarrassing. It was good. Its shocking how much that motivated me, the fact that I was readily admitted two weeks too late, that I understood it all, that it was even *easy*, that I managed to force myself to sit there. It finally feels, for the first time in ages, that I can get this fuckin degree done. And good grace, is that a lovely feeling. :)

 happy birthday. this little thing turns one today, which means that i've been writting online for almost 2 1/2 years, more or less regularly. no time to look back though, tis time to look forward instead. part of it is not feeling sorry for this recent break. it was just another of my regular bouts of real life escapism, this time enforced by a nosey computer savy intern at the bookshop who kept staring over my shoulder everytime he heard the noises of the modem. out of fear of discovery (i.e. forgetting to clear the history, cache whatever else), i just stayed away and emailed a bit, and that felt good and right. i had nothing much to say, but i feel the words and thoughts returning. time to blow out the candle on the cake now. :) more later. (oh, and while we're on the topic of birthdays: happy belated one, urlLink dan .)

 It happened as I was leafing through a book that I had ordered the day before, while I was sitting in my car, waiting at a tram crossing. I saw your name. I registered it. I didnt read it consciously, my eyes recognized the shape of your written first and last name, the familiar sequence of letters, as I was quickly leafing through the book. A name I had written on post cards and envelopes. A name I had searched for in phone books, a name which has been in every address book Ive owned for the past 8 years, sometimes even without a current address, a name which had once meant almost everything to me, which still echoes emotions and memories. In a split second, while I was sitting in my car, my eyes recognized the shape of your name. Up there on a page. Up there on a page in the black book I had ordered after it being mentioned in passing in a review in the last Sundays urlLink FAS . In that split second I felt a strange kind of panic, and excitement and surprise and happiness for you, and the desire to tell youstraight away. To tell you that I found it, found you, found it and you without looking for it. I had been looking for, searching out and expecting this moment for ages, and now -just as I wasnt doing any of this- I found it, I found you. Or rather: you did. You found me. You crept up from behind. Instead of checking the index, I frantically leafed through the book again, wanting to check whether it was really your name, or whether my eyes had played a trick on me. However the tram had passed, the red light had gone off, people behind me were honking and I had to throw the book on the seat next to me and drive on. I was at a red light again just a few meters down the road, immediately checking the book again. And indeed, there it was. Your name. In front of two short stories. I put the book away and drove the short way home, feeling the urge to tell someone about my discovery immediately, to tell you, to make up a clever cryptic little card hinting at me discovering it, to do something, to read the stories. I wondered whether you'd think I was stalking you if I contacted you about this; I wondered whether your heart and mind and energy were in this book in the first place or whether this is just you again, playing against the rules of everyone and everything, purging things on paper or into a microphone, stuff you deem worthless, stuff others deem genious though, their praise being a source of great amusement for you. I remember meeting you on a train, on your way to performing at that strange hip little club in H, reading out the poetry you'd perform, things you had written that very morning. Something about a chap brushing his teeth until he had brushed to his bare bone. You're just too damn good at spontaneity. At home, still sitting in my car, I read. Read the little biography in the back of the book, to be sure this was you, and not someone who just happens to have the same name. A few sparse details about you: The author, artist and animator was born in 1975 in hometown, move to H. in 1996, this at Uni, that at Uni that at Art Academy. Now this. Part of these projects and collaborations. I then read the two stories, which are obscure, strange, odd without much sense, and probably best when read and performed. They are just what I would have expected, really, had I expected that any of your writings would go public first: I had thought it would be your drawings, films and animations what youd get publicity for first, simply because from what I heard and read and found through google, that seemed to be what you were concentrating on lately. But you proved me wrong, like you so often did, most recently (well, 18 months ago) with guilt and feeling sorry for things that happened (and, more acutely, didnt happen) between us years ago. ( Keep feeling guilty for sex we never had, chap. I really dont mind that at all. ) You've always been good at doing things, thinking things, saying things, which were the complete contrary to what everyone else, to what I expected. Ive calmed down a bit now. It takes only little time to get used to a name on paper and this is not totally unexpected after all: Just that morning, I had been wondering about the project that had published the freshly ordered book, whether you were a part of it, had checked the groups website specifically for your name, to no avail. Im happy for you, really, I wonder about your opinion on it, I wonder whether it will appear more strange if I mention it the next time I see you (whenever that may be) than if I do so now in whatever way. I still feel the urge to tell you, to show you that I found you without looking, to acknowledge your little success, even though I know that you most likely don't give a shit about me knowing about your work, because you probably deem it and the entire project worthless and pretentious. But then: because Id expect that from you, it might be just the other way around, and this *does* mean something to you. One never knows with you. Ill probably be wise and grown up and not do anything. Ill keep on staying away. Ill keep on silently observing and wondering, occasionally checking google (hoping no one who has a website with your name on it knows you and checks his referrer logs and tells you about that person searching for you in google), hoping all my knowing wont creep out of me the next time I see you, like it did last time. Ill keep on being happy for you, from afar. And never tell you what its all been really like for me, all these years. flinch ~alanis morisette~ What's it been over a decade? It still smarts like it was four minutes ago We only influenced each other totally We only bruised each other even more so What are you my blood? You touch me like you are my blood What are you my dad? You affect me like you are my dad How long can a girl be shackled to you How long before my dignity is reclaimed How long can a girl stay haunted by you Soon I'll grow up and I won't even flinch at your name Soon I'll grow up and I won't even flinch at your name Where've you been? I heard you moved to my city My brother saw you somewhere downtown I'd be paralyzed if I ran into you My tongue would seize up if we were to meet again What are you my god? You touch me like you are my god What are you my twin? You affect me like you are my twin How long can a girl be tortured by you? How long before my dignity is reclaimed And how long can a girl be haunted by you Soon I'll grow up and I won't even flinch at your name Soon I'll grow up and I won't even flinch at your name So here I am one room away from where I know you're standing A well-intentioned man told me you just walked in This man knows not of how this information has affected me But he knows the colour of the car I just drove away in What are you my kin? You touch me like you are my kin What are you my air? You affect me like you are my air

 Late Sunday, and I am sitting in the office of the bookshop, hoping it wont get too busy so that I can just stay here in the back, type a little and read a little and hope that time passes quickly. Working on a Sunday, without being directly paid. Nice. Oh, and have I mentioned that all this while I feel like shit? I suspect mono, btw, (sore throat, enlarged lymphnodes, exhaustion, breathing problems, lack of appetite, swollen eyelids: the textbooks name it, I got it) teamed up with a sinusitis, even though my medical professional toyboy has changed his long distance diagnosis and thinks its just a random virus and not Epstein Barr. Oh well. Wont be heading home tomorrow, but will be paying my local GP a visit instead, to see what he thinks. If its mono, all I can do is rest anyway. Knowing for sure would only be psychologically helpful. Oh well. In any way, Id rather be home at the moment, and sleep. Which is what I did for a big chunk of yesterday. All terribly exciting. I did go out on Friday night, btw, as I ran into Filiz just as I left the bookshop on Friday. Went to a strange Cafe instead of the old-time joint (because wed have been the oldest people there, scary) and talked for a good three hours or so. Was lovely, and like I expected, really. Its strange that the (strange) mechanics of our friendship are still working after loosing touch for almost 5 years. Shes still with the same guy that she was with back then, a relationship I deemed so insane when it started that I just could not deal with it. She started going out with Stefano because she was fucking and loving his partnered flatmate and best mate Thomas (and had been doing so for a good long while) and it just seemed like she was doing that just to have easy access to Thomas. It was all insane. Thomas and his then galpal got engaged, so Filiz and Stefano did, too. It just appeared to me as if her obsession with Thomas (she stalked him for a good year before she drove to his house one night and fucked him for the first time; she had a T tattooed on her hip, that sort of thing) was making her behave that way. And I just couldnt take it serious at all. In any way, it seems like I either got it all wrong back then, or that their relationship has changed now... They are happy, still engaged, planning to get married in five years or so. But then, Thomas moved away, too. He. In any way, Filiz is loving Med School, and just seems terribly happy and content and successful. Shes only significantly heavier than in the past, which is a very good thing as Filiz struggled with eating disorders throughout her teens (the relationship with Thomas was a pretty damn fine trigger), and those 10kg more on her hips look fabulous. They really do. Apart from getting back on track with each others lives, we gossiped a lot about the gals we (sort of) used to be in a clique with back in High School Hell: one is engaged to be married later this year, one is unhappy with it all, one is pregnant, one is freshly partnered, and one came out a few years ago, which I had totally missed. The latter made me very happy for my friend: I always expected that she was gay (dont ask me why, I just did. It wasnt her tomboyness, or the lack of boyfriends or the just one time she confessed to fancying a chap: somehow it was just impossible to imagine her with a male partner), or whatnot, and hearing about her coming out and living with her girlfriend makes me really happy for her. Must not have been easy, coming out to your conservative catholic family. Must not have been easy letting yourself come out to yourself when the plan everyone thinks you should live by includes having a hubbie and kids. Must not have been easy to struggle with your catholics belief system. But anyway: Martina: I am happy for your gal. :) It was a funky evening with Filiz, and we fell into our familiar roles, which made me realize how very different I am today. Back then, she was the more quiet, yet terribly determined (or rather fixated on Thomas) one, unsure of what she planned for her life though, as all she wanted was that undeserving gu. I was the loud one, screwing around, with plans for the rest of her life. Odd. She told me that our dear friend Simon, who I ended up making out heftily on the day we had our graduation alcohol-fest (and who stood in front of my door the next morn, wanting to go on a bike ride and a strawberries and champagne breakfast, which could have been the start of a nice summer fling, but which just wasnt) asked her a couple of weeks back how I was, whether she had heard from me, and whether she knew why we had made out that night 5 years ago. Cute to hear that I leave broken hearts behind. Cant wait for our 5 year reunion sometimes this year. He. So it was a good night out, really, even though after we left, I got obsessed about what I said and started destroying the goodness of the night in my head in the usual way, through worrying about what I said when. Quite sickening. Anyway. Good to know that shes there and that we can talk and that things can be okay between us. Its great relief: I had worried that it was all lost, and it just isnt. Nice. :)

 Re: My defence for being 15 minutes lates for a long awaited night out with a long-lost friend: As my mother is out of town, I decided to use the massage session she had booked for tonight when the massage place called in at 6:30 to ask whether she was running late. 't was a normal 30 minute massage session, which would have left me with more than enough time to basically just hop next door to the cafe when I immediately ran off after the call. However, the previous client was running late. And the masseur and I had a lovely chat, he took a good long while to help my hurting back. I got a 45 minute session. And once I was dressed and had paid and was next door at the cafe, I was 15 minutes late. That's what you get for relaxing and taking out some time to heal.

 Things that are not good: Being 15 minutes late for the first meeting in five years with the best friend you had during High School hell. Waiting for another 20 minutes at the meeting point to no avail. Not having her current mobile number. Calling her home, while still being unable to fully communicate with her non-german speaking mother on the phone. Result: No going out tonight. No talks about the past. No gossping. Feeling pretty shitty. Hoping to somehow get hold of her tonight. Duh.

 Life is okay. The sun is shining, the parents are away for the weekend, I found the one urlLink hair product that makes my horse-like hair nice and smooth and soft and floppy and shiny, I finished reading an exceptionally brilliant book ("Goldener Reiter" by urlLink Michael Weins ), and best of all, in just about 2 hours, I'm meeting my best friend from High School, Filiz, who I ran into in the dairy products section of my local supermarket the other day. We lost touch when our paths took different directions after graduating five years ago, and well, I am almost as excited about catching up with her as if this was a date. :) There are some things only she understands, a fact I thought about every once in a while these past few years, and good grace, I can not wait to tell her about all the things I have wanted to tell her, these past 5 years. All the stories I think only she will get. Life is good. Let's hope it stays this way for a while. Off to buy some new sunnies, a bag and some make up to help with that. Therapeutic shopping galore!

 urlLink Friday Five . :) On a Friday! Hooray! 1. What are the first things that you do in the morning to start your day? Move from bed to desk to check email while consuming an evil, unhealthy caffeine containing carbonated low cal drink. Drag myself into shower. Mediate in there. In summer, my days start with doing Sun Salutations on the balcony. Can't wait to get back into that habit. 2. What are the last things that you do at night before going to bed? Brush teeth, talk on the phone, read for a few minutes. 3. What daily routine have you recently added to your day? None really. 4. What routine do you wish you get rid of? None really, too. I don't mind routines most days, including cleaning up and housekeeping. I *should* probably tell my mother to stop calling me as often as she does. The shrink thinks so, and I do, too. But well... 5. What's the one thing that makes you feel like something is missing if you don't do it some point within your day? The dreaded mother call, prolly. And going online. Even though with the latter, I have weeks when I stay away from the net almost completely. Like at the moment.

 Am sick. For the second time in just about 10 days. Nice one. First a strep throat, that was killed with a dose of antibiotics that had me reaching for the Clotrimazol within 72 hours. Had so much natural, pro-biotic, living yoghurt, these past few days, that I feel like I am turning into a tub of actimel vanilla flavour myself. Now I have a sinusitis with that familiar running against a concrete wall feeling inside my head. Bloody hell. Am terribly tired, and cant pick myself up at all. Was busy all last week working my ass off at a Childrens book fair (selling more books than ever before at that event, earning money for my flight); hated the holidays (despite a nice little trip to Holland on Good Friday), have been working my ass off in my parents garden this week. And now feel like nothing but lying somewhere in the dark. Hand me my NyQuil, please. Its just been so much that blogging, checking eMail and being online was not a priority at all. Being offline made me miss the Labia-Blog-athon which is happening today. Big Bummer. But a big Hooray to everyone whos involved. You rock, people (check out various people living in my sidebar, like Sarah, Hanne, Heather who are all part of it). I just wouldn't be able to contribute anything body-positive today, as shitty as my body makes me feel. Have hardly managed to regularly talk with Ev, who I am missing terribly. Have been reading more about the Visa stuff, which hasnt been helping my mood either. How will I get all the money Ill need? All scary, even though I *feel* that well somehow get it all done. So strange that my personal happiness and future will depend on all that bureaucracy, and money. And whatever else. My brother will be starting is London job on the 15th and I am now seeing first hand what getting rid of all your belongings and sorting everything to go away is really like. And hes just moving next door, so to speak. More soon. Promise. Kitto: *knuffels*, girl, and youll hear from me, soon.

 urlLink Friday Five . Late. But I liked these a lot. :) 1. If you could eat dinner with and "get to know" one famous person (living or dead), who would you choose? Viggo Mortensen, even though that would mean Id drool the entire evening. Armistead Maupin, to discuss The Nightlistener , which I just finished reading. 2. Has the death of a famous person ever had an effect on you? Who was it and how did you feel? The first one that comes to mind (and that is prolly influenced by whats currently happening in the Middle East) urlLink the assassination of Yitzak Rabin on November 4th 1995. It was a Saturday night, I was in my room at my rents house, working on some paper for my advanced German Literature Class in School while CNN was on. I thought there would be war straight away, because in the first minutes after he was shot, everyone thought it must have been a Palestinian. Footnote Thinking about it for a bit longer, it was actually Kurt Cobain's suicide that was the *first* celeb death I really noticed. I sat on a plane from London, had grabbed a yellow press paper and read somewhere over the channel, on page 6 or 7 of that paper, not one mention on the front page, that he had shot himself. I couldn't believe that. 3. If you could BE a famous person for 24 hours, who would you choose? Britney or George W. Bush. 4. Do people ever tell you that you look like someone famous? Who? Evan thinks that I look like some gal who used to be on Neighbours (I think her name was Amy). Others think I look like Toni Collette (thankfully in her skinny and good haircut days). 5. Have you ever met anyone famous? Various people from Lindenstrasse, assorted other German Soaps and various Big Brother seasons at parties or on planes and trains. One of my fave actors, Andre Eisermann at a seminar, Kai Pflaume (famous German TV presenter and host of All you need is love) when Ev and I went on TV, several German MPs and Politicians (including Gerry Adams), most of the time during seminars, a plethora of Ambassadors from NZ and Oz, a whole bunch of authors. My NZ host sis once met Bono; cant top that one.

 Last night I dreamt that I was working at my law firm. A super positive dream that made me wake up totally sure that I'd hear from them today. Alas: nothing in my mailbox from them. I wonder whether hotmail has eaten it or whatnot, considering how bizarre that thing has recently been: sending eMail to people I know that I've never written, on days when I didn't even log into it or touch my outlook or the net. weird. A virus or someone with my password? I wonder. Mindless waiting for eMail aside, I'm terribly busy studying, and when not doing that, moving my ass (and other assorted body parts) at the gym. All terribly non exciting. Oh, and I'm counting the days until I leave this country. Which is exciting, actually. Less then 70 now. Yihaa.

 The worst thing this week however, is a piece of news my mom broke to me yesterday: one of my parents best and oldest friends is in hospital, freshly diagnosed with tumors in both liver and pancreas. Both cancer types have shitty life expectancy alone, combined, they mean that one should better say everything you want the person to know straight away. It really is as grave as this. Evan had patietns in the hospital with metastatic liver cancer who literally died within a week. My mom was in shock last night, when she heard about it, simply because he had been in and out of hospital for a big chunck of last year: with various viral infections, a diagnosis of Morbus Wegner, and whatever else. They put him through all kinds of imaging methods, and it makes one wonder, whether they never quite looked at those images thouroughly enough. My parent's friend is a manager for a very big german steal company and earns literally a million a year. He had planned on giving up work next march. And now he's running out of time. Makes one think that one should really do that "carpe diem" thing, and think about the things that really matter.

 No news as of now from "my" law firm. The excitement/pressure/what not is terrible. I can't go online from home at the moment, and the first thing I do when I pass any computer that's connected to the net is check my official eMail address. Only to find no mail from them (or anyone else on that addie). Argh. Not nice. Not nice. Not nice. Feels like it's going to be a "sorry, but..." type of eMail from them: It shouldn't take too long to send a "caro, we're thrilled to give you a chance to work with us again" eMail. If it is indeed going to be a "no", I'd feel terribly let down, considering they gave me that rave reference in 2000, that ended with something like "we'd be glad to give her a chance to work if she comes back to australia" . Duh. I send a prayer to the eMail gods, that I hear from them, soon. But then it's the weekend now. And long past working time in Australia. More waiting till Monday. Have I mentioned that I hate waiting?

 urlLink Jan Ullrich announced yesterday that he won't take part in this years urlLink Tour de France due to health issues. I'd been expecting this announcement ever since he was caught after a drunk-driving binge with his Porsche through my hometown (including a crash into some -hold your breath- parked bikes) last week, after a hefty stint at Freiburg's "we're pretending that this is a metropolitan city" hip joint, "kegan". Late night binge drinking just doesn't quite fit into a wannabe TdF winners preparation plan. While I never liked him much as a rider, that means that the race is up for who will try to battle urlLink Lance . I had so looked forward to seeing them duell on Mount Ventoux. I bet the tour will be a lot less exciting than last year. Duh. Bummer.

 urlLink Controversial Dutch politician Pim Fortuyn was shot dead yesterday. While I disagreed with his polemics, no person should ever be killed for his or her views. Like Tony Blair put it yesterday: the time and way to show a politician you disagree with his views is at the polling box.

 to make up for yesterday's shitty phone call, the toyboy and I had the most perfect little chat about nothing in particular today. for a whole hour. so things are just the way they should be again. lovely. :)

 urlLink send your well-wishes to hirdy.

 today was a day of miscommunication between evan and me. had someone taped our phone conversation, it could have been the study tape for "long distance relationships 101" - lesson #5 - "how to not have phone calls with your lover" . the reasons why we miscommunicated were plentiful. i picked up the phone wanting a love-filled smooth little call, just like i had imagined it last night after the sucky evening that had been filled with missing ev. what i did not consider was that it wouldn't work out too well, simply because we'd be pressed for time as i still needed to get showered and dressed and to the voting booth before meeting tina in less than an an hour and a half from the time of dialing. bad bad bad pre-conditions. i reached the toyboy in the middle of doing music stuff for next week's 21st of his brother and sister. caught him right in the middle of being in a shitty mood because he'd just been argueing with his sis about just that. you know, music and dj-ing is something he can be terribly serious about, you can't ask him to be responsible for the music of a party and then ask him to just play 80's kylie. that's just not a good idea in regards to dj ej. yep, catch him being dj ej, and you face a pretentious diva. plus it was the night before starting his last 6 weeks doing surgery together with his -him aside- all female group, before the first round of finals. big time "there is nothing i can look forward to and your arrival is so far away, too" . bad bad bad pre-conditions on the other side of the globe, too. we already started out on a bad note. i asked whether i called at the wrong time because some madonna song was quite loud in the background, and even that already didn't sound right. that's something you *feel*. you feel that the kind of conversation you're having or are starting to have is not good. you feel that you're hitting the wrong note, but can't really change something about it. way too soon, i found myself giving him my opinion about the party music issue (i.e. telling him he shouldn't be a pretentious dj diva, but make sure that his sis was having the type of party she wanted), to which he started to sulke because he obviously had heard the exact same thing before and because i wasn't "on his side" . oh yeah. -pardon me- relationship or not, i am still allowed to give my honest opinion, am i not? it ended with both of us getting angry about something that had any relevance to *us*. while it was happening, i saw the mechanics of how these phone calls evolve right before me, yet couldn't change them. i just sat there, silent, and got sad because all i had been looking for, all i had needed was a nice little loving phone call with some purring and being good to each other. and what we had both gotten ourselves into was just the opposite. we could have both done with some re-assurance about this strange relationship we're having, could have done with some nice chatter about nothing in particular, but instead, we were being angry about nothing and started extending our argument to other battle-fields even as we were making-up (like "are you sure we're okay again or do you just say that so that you can write me an angry eMail in three days time?") . we did make up of course. it wasn't a biggie, it wasn't about anything that will be of importance in two weeks time. but it still hurt. it hurt that we couldn't just stop it. it hurt because had we been in the same room, the conversation wouldn't have started off that shitty and even if it had, it would have never evolved as far as it did. it hurt that my wee little expectations were yet again totally over the top and that i apparently still haven't learned to not expect specifics. it hurt that he brought up stuff that had no relevance to the useless little argument we had. it hurt to argue. the whole thing put a damper on my day. all i had wanted him to know was that i missed him terribly all weekend, missed him when i got up, when i was having dinner with people i ddn't care about, when i walked home through the rain, when i went to bed alone. i wanted him to know that i couldn't wait for these stupid 79 (or whatever) days to pass. i wanted him to know that i love him. feels like that message got lost in the wires. and somebody was talking about romance and i thought, i thought what if my luck ran out? beautiful sharks ~something for kate~

 urlLink Ask a Sexpert sometimes kills me.

 urlLink Yay! We're the first large German City with a urlLink Green Party Mayor! Herzlichen Glckwunsch, urlLink Dr.Salomon , on the whopping 64,4% majority!!

 urlLink Post OP Update on Hirdy. : "The surgery was very successful, and he's medically fine, but a bit sore and sorry for obvious reasons - like he would be with a truck hitting him." Poor fella. Some think, he can urlLink consider himself quite lucky though. urlLink His bad injuries could have been a lot worse.

 urlLink Perth prostitutes reeling from exhaustion following influx of 5500 US sailors. Mary-Anne Kenworthy, well known local madam: "I just wish they could dribble-feed the Yanks in, fly a thousand off at a time."

 waste some time at urlLink malfunction.org : urlLink feel less lonely. urlLink make websites so ugly that your eyes hurt.

 ever been in an age-disparate relationship? if so, urlLink hanne might be urlLink interested in interviewing you for her latest book project .

 urlLink Which LOTR Woman are you? hah! aragorn is mine! note: i did not - did NOT- tamper with this test. hah! considering the number of time i've gotten this result, it looks like me and aragorn were indeed meant to be. and well, as i'm aware that lotr just isn't "real" (sob), just give me urlLink viggo instead. he'd do alright, too. :) (via urlLink clarablog , who wants viggo, too.)

 urlLink 't was a terrible weekend for the bombers. (ya know, this is in addition to urlLink this )

 more wine was consumed before, during and after dinner at hendrik's. have filled my weekly allowance of alcoholic beverages now, i think. the wine was nice, the food was nice, the chatter with hendriks's friends was nice (even though they aren't really my type of people), the evening was nice. but it made me realize that all is "fluff" when ev's not here. i missed you so profoundly tonight, i can't explain it. i wish you were here and could crawl into bed with me; after setting the pillows on fire, of course. life with you is much better than life without you. now. i. should. sleep.

 you know the best way to ensure i don't get in touch with you when i wrote to you the previous week i'd get in touch "next week"? send me a one line email snarkily asking me as to when "next week" starts in my calendar. i don't need people like you in my life. get lost. thank you.

 it's three pm on a saturday, and i'm drunk. not just tipsy, but not totally out of my head drunk. but quite drunk, considering the time of the day. tina came over at 9am for a trip to the laundromat and brekkie, and -as usual- did our saturday shopping spree together, too, inculding a trip to the condom shop for utensils for an insane friend of tinas. as we went to pick up her laundry, we walked right into a laundromat party: they opened their internet cafe today ( "surf while you wash" ) and not only offered free online time, but lots of champagne, too. rather quickly, tina and i were right in the middle of it, flirting chatting with some roommates of one of the owners. and good grace, was it delightful. always nice to meet some new people who aren't doing law or meds. now i'm home again, it's just past three pm and i'm dizzy and think i should sleep for a while. in just about three hours, i should be at hendrik's dinner party, preferably non drunk and sparkly so that i can hold up to all the pharmacy students. yihaa. life is good this saturday afternoon. now wish me sweet dreams. i need sleep.

 urlLink james hird to undergo surgery after horrific accident during game. good grace. poor chap. poor club.

 sob. no images till i've made up my mind about what to do. sob. bear with me, will you?

 i just realised that the webspace i used to have is gone, and for good this time, as heather apparently decided to let go of wantonhussy.com my stuff is homeless. i need to re-design (not that that's a bad thing to do on a sucky day like today) until i find a place to host my pictures. which would mean that i go back and change the code of all pics i ever used . and ack. that just sucks. muchly.) thankfully it's not total meltdown because wantonhussy never carried the blog. i had first planned on doing that when i redesigned in february. good that i never did that. anyway: thanks urlLink heather for that year with wantonhussy. 't was lovely. now i need a host. and think about getting my own domain. decision. decisions.

 urlLink verisign . ( urlLink because of this urlLink here . michael made urlLink a nice little tale out of it that says it all, beautifully. .) google bomb hooray. he.

 on sunday, the people of my city (me included) will get to decide who should be their new mayor. for the past 14 years, my city was governed by a socialdemocrat who decided to not complete his current term due to his age. the first poll 2 weeks ago had the candidates of the green party and the christian democrats (conservative) getting the best results, so on sunday, all other freiburgers and me get to choose between gudrun heute-blum of the conservatives, and dieter salomon, of the green party. i have been looking into their positions for a bit of the afternoon to build an opinion, as i didn't vote in the first round; not because i didn't want to, but because i was away, and had forgotten to order stuff for postal vote. urlLink gudrun heute-blum : 45, female, member of the christian conservatives (cdu), former administrative judge and mayor of a nearby smaller city. married, one son. political experience on local level. political aims: affordable child and after-school care, furthering freiburgs economic strength by promoting our location (france/germany/switzerland), integration of immigrants should happen through making it part of cultural politics, more spaces for kids and teens. she got 32,4% in the first polling round. urlLink dieter salomon : 42, male, member of the green party (die grnen), studied politics, finance and arts, former member of the state parliament, county parliament and city council. married, one daughter. political aims: further area economically by concentrating on excisting eco-friendly solar and wind energy industries, furthering integration through schools, kindergartens and cultural activities, strengthening public transport, careful decisions about new building grounds, additional city council department for cultural affairs, renovate schools, more child and after school care and daycare for the elderly, more social initiatives for kids and teens as well as drug addicts, the mentally ill and homeless. he got 36,7% in the first polling round. he would be the first ever green mayor in a larger german city. the more i read about him, the more i think dieter salomon might get my vote. while i am all for more women in politics, and while large bits of heute-blums and salomons programs are basically identical (mirroring the city's opinions and needs), he simply seems to be hitting the point a bit better. within the green party, he's part of the "realos", the more middle of the road greens, whose main goal is to focus on what is achievable instead of wanting unattainable goals. plus he isn't a lawyer. which is a good thing in local politics. what has not influenced me is the fact salomon was born to german-australian immigrants in melbourne. or that you can play pong on his website. :) aww. i love voting. so tell me, who would you vote for in these mayoral elections? who'd get your vote? on sunday, my city will decide who should be our next mayor. who would you vote for? gudrun heute-blum; female, conservative, local experience dieter salomon; male, green, revolutionary, state and local experience urlLink Current results

 "when the buzzer buzzed just now, i had the idea that it was her, that she somehow knew that i cried in the shower until the hot water ran out and that i wrote a new haiku for her, the first in a long while (for first five months or so, I wrote her at least one haiku a day). i hurried into the hall and stood at the top of the stairs. the stairs were filled with silence. i waited a long time, telling myself that perhaps she standing on the first stair, paralyzed with fear. i tried to listen for her breathing; it was so quiet i figured i could hear her breathing, assuming she was down there. but she wasnt down there. i know this because i finally went and looked for her. she wasnt there. i knew she wasn't there before i went, but i went anyway, because you never know. or perhaps you do know, but still." urlLink never read something about buzzers and haikus and people that was so sad. and so brilliantly put. urlLink michael's writings often leaves me breathless.

 urlLink Friday Five is on hold this week. hence last weeks's ones, just because. 1. what are your hobbies? reading. cooking (well, not at the moment, and never just for myself). working out. pampering myself. my computer. gardening on my balcony. 2. do you collect anything? If so, what? i own tons of books and cds and self made tapes, but somehow these three don't really count, do they? i don't collect anything per se anymore (considering that i plan to relocate sooner or later, and need to get rid off all the *fluff* i collected over the years), but if i do see something nice for my flat (in pink, orange, red or yellow), i most of the time go for it. 3. is there a hobby you're interested in, but just don't have the time/money to do? i want to get more into yoga and pilates, but can't find a good teacher and feel a bit lonely doing it without one. and one fine day, preferrably before i start having babies, i want to learn how to knit, sew and quilt. right now, i lack the time, need and patience. 4. have you ever turned a hobby into a moneymaking opportunity? nope. 5. besides web-related stuff (burbs, rings, etc.), what clubs do you belong to? I'm a member of a gym, a german-australian student-exchange alumni club and a student group on security policy.

 urlLink ouch.

 urlLink American Teens told to have sex with the dutch . "I want to wait for my true love, And so I pledge this now much, I will remain a virgin till, I take my wedding vow I meet somebody Dutch." Would make for better campaign than true love waits. He. :)

 today was probably our final goodbye. standing in a queue in front of a teller at the state bank, i weighed them in my hands for a final time: german mark coins that had turned up in unexpected places at my parents house, long after the official changeover to the had been completed. holding them in my hand while waiting was familiar yet already strange. it's been four months without them, four months since the changeover, four months with extremely shiny new coins, virginal coins that more and more often don't feature the familiar german eagle, but da vincis measured man, the spanish rey, the dutch queen, the french marianne or -very rarely- beautifully designed flying birds that finland chose for its coins instead. compared to these new coins that have been inhabiting my wallet since january 1st, they looked old and shabby, those last few marks, battered and bruised and used. among those battered coins, between a couple of 10 pfennig coins, a couple of one pfennig coins, was one one mark coin in its shiny compactness, which always used to be the symbol of the "wirtschaftswunder". with it was one five mark coin, with its familar heaviness, since the 50s lovingly called "heiermann" ("sleepman") as back then, your local sex worker would give you pleasure for the worth of that coin. - hardly anyone knew that that was the explanation behind the coin's well known nickname. the five mark coin used to be such a nice thing. even though prizes for sex work have risen since the 50's, you'd still get a lot for it. a pack of cigarettes. a high gloss mag. a pizza and a small drink at laubfrosch. holding it, i realised that the "heiermann" is the only thing about our old currency that i miss. it sounds bizarre to miss a coin, but i do. i still remember that i felt insanely rich when i got an orange ball with yellow dots as a pressie when i was 8: an aunt of mine had taped a 5er coin on every yellow dot on the ball. having a 5er made me feel rich. having a ball with lots of fivers made me feel like a billionaire. the 5er wasn't substituted well by the euro. todays 2 coin is the closest anything comes worth wise, but it just doesn't give you the feeling of being rich. it lacks everything the heiermann had, the size, weight, feel, the connotation, the history. i handed them over, the fiver and the one mark coin and the pfennig coins, saw them being thrown into the counting and sorting machine by the clerk, their value shown in big green digital numbers once the machine had sorted them into the seperate bags that will bring them to the bundesbank, where they will die and be reborn as new coins or cables. we're german. we recycle our coins. i got a receipt for my few coins and went to another teller, handed the receipt to the clerk plus the 50DM bill my dad discovered last friday in the inside pocket of the dark suit he usually wears to funerals. a last feel of the bill as i handed it over, just as battered and used as the coins, the picture of balthasar neumann crumpled. the 50 DM bill had always felt special, too. it, too, had always felt like a lot of money. for years, 50DM were a month's worth of pocket money. if you had a bahncard, 50DM bought a return trip to my lover frank. 50DM was enough to make you feel confident in the supermarket, confident that you didn't have to carefully calculate at the cashier, 50DM could easily get you through a weekend or a drunken night out, and you could pay for the taxi, too. Quite similar to the 5er's -equivalent, a 20 and a 5 bill, while being as much "worth" as the old 50DM bill, don't feel like a whole lot and make you wonder in the supermarket, whether you'll have to pay with your debit card. the clerk put a stamp on a form, put my 50DM bill in a box, hit a key on his computer, printed out yet another receipt for me, counted 2,78 in front of me. with a leafy sound, the safe sputtered out a 20 and a 5 bill, brandnew, virginal, like the bills you got in the first week of january. fresh from the printing machine. nice and without crinkles. i took my 27,78, thanked the clerk, and put them in my wallet. the knowledge hitting me, that my wallet will most likely never hold another mark or pfennig or a 50DM bill. instead, it'll hold a more and more diverse assortment of coins from all over europe. bills and coins that are used by a diverse group of people, in diverse countries. i can pay with that money here in my hometown, and in amsterdam, paris, athens, madrid. this new money unites us. it unites our wallets, unites us in the supermarket, unites us in the fact that we europeans all had to bid our old currencies farewell. europeans in the monetary union, from ireland to finland, from france to spain, from greece to the netherlands, from germany to monaco all had to exchange their last bits of their own currencies, just like i had to, today. knowing that the process whose final stage started four months ago wasn't the end of something, but rather the start of something new and uniting, made it hurt a lot less today, this final goodbye. goodbye, deutsche mark. you'll be missed. but only a little.

 i bought some slim fast today. please put me into one of these tight little jacket that close at the back. please lock me up in a room with padded walls. please feed me well, with real food. i haven't gone totally insane: it's not about loosing weight, i haven't bought into their stupid advertising ( "i'll be the happiest person if i loose 5 kg more." ). quite simply, these past 3 days, i've been absolutely terrible about eating, mainly not eating enough because it felt like such a burden to prepare food and to eat it afterwards. blame it on my living alone and being without social control again. i stand in the supermarket and am uninspired and not hungry. i stand in my kitchen and am uninspired and not hungry. i stand at the market and can't afford the fruit that i think i could force myself to eat. as a result i eat very little. i had a total of about one meal a day these past few days. - and that's just not good for my already screwed up metabolism. this tub of slim fast will mean that i at least get some protein and nutrients, if the terribly artificially treated kind, but at least i'll eat something with minimal effort. this is just an add on, not the replacement of anything: i'll keep on struggling to make as many real meals a day and to eat as much fruit and veges as i can manage and afford. but if i can't, i'll have a slim fast drink instead. makes it all at least a wee bit better, hm? welcome to another bout of disordered eating.

 good thing: eMail this morn from "my" lawfirm in oz, telling me that as one of the partners is currently overseas, they'll tell me within a week whether they'll need me in july. aww. the anticipation! :)

 it turned out to be a melancholic day. i was full of motivation this morning, but steady rain and unproductive waiting got to me. i should have simply grabbed the phone and pt an end to the waiting, but i didn't, stupid me. it's useless and hurtful this "let's see whether he'll call" thing. stupid because it's sowing unreasonable distrust and passive aggression in my heart and mind. stupid as we didn't have a phone date to start with. so i waited and stayed offline to keep the phone line free till the afternoon, slept on and off for way too long, and listened to "tales of the city" cds. and it got to me, this rainy, cold day. sun was expected, i had brought up all my balcony stuff just last night, expected today's holiday to be a day to sit in the sun and read. and now this. this rain and waiting and loneliness. rain. and worries about my trip to oz. and worries about a friendship that has been falling to pieces right before my very eyes these past few months. and wondering how to catch up with my online pals after this recent absence. and more rain. and realising that this day could have been spend so much more productively. yesterday's hype about being back feels a bit fake now, and i wonder whether i'll fall back into old habits and be all lonely and down, or whether i can put a hold to that, and drag myself through all the stuff i hate and fear. i haven't been this physically lonely in a good two months. no cat here, no one to call right now (at least no one i feel like calling, or who would be awake at this time), no desire to eat (at least no over-eating, that's not too bad). and my dispise for this ldr thing hasn't been as big in a good long while, too. today would have been half as bad had ev been here. grey rainy days are good when you can stay in bed and waste them and not let the world touch you. we've been good at wasting them with sex and tolkien and speedball and some nice cooking and wine (not all simultaneously though). need a kiss and a cuddle now, need to be held in my sleep and feel his body right there and put my hand on his hipbone. but he isn't here and every mile that's between us and every second that has to pass until we'll be together is a mile, a second too many. i could do without the kiss and cuddle thing for a little while longer if i got a nice decent phone call instead. if i can't get physical closeness, i at least want some aural closeness, an hour of undisturbed talking. but that won't happen tonight. ev is probaly fast asleep and will be for the next few hours until the hospital calls. i can imagine him lying in his bed and wonder what he might be dreaming and what he's been up to all day today and whether my little something has arrived in the mail for him. i miss him terribly today. i miss feeling love. you're the colour, you're the movement and the spin. could it stay with me the whole day long. fail with confidence. loose with eloquence and a smile. i'm not in this movie, i'm not in this song. never. leave me paralysed, love. leave me hypnotised, love. consequence urlLink ~the notwist~

 tuesday 23 july 2002 SQ 325 frankfurt 8:45pm - singapore wednesday 24 july 2:45 pm wednesday 24 july 2002 SQ 227 singapore 8:50pm - melbourne wednesday 24 july 5:50am sunday 29 september 2002 SQ 228 melbourne 4:05pm - singapore sunday 29 september 9:45pm sunday 29 september 2002 SQ 026 singapore 11:50pm - frankfurt monday 30 september 6:30am

 i know i am not alone with this, but i simply must say it: urlLink i love jamie oliver. and his recipe for marinated mozzarella, too.

 i'm packing up things already to go home yet again. had planned on leaving on the weekend, but hendrik is going home tomorrow, and the prospect of saving 35 and not having to carry my bags through trains sure outweigh staying here 48 hours more. before the parents head off to italy, my mother and i want to go shop for business clothes for me, too, so more time doing that sure is good, too. that aside, things are pretty much winding down here. strange to know that once i am back from this house & shop guarding mission, and back from my trip to london, it's just a week before i fly out. shocking. i think i should get my to-do-lists done, shouldn't i? am getting worried about the flights though. the summer cold i assumed i had has turned or is turning into a full blown sinusitis, and my frontal and maxillary sinuses are pulsating with pain. not that they can pulsate, i know that, but anytime i bend forward or move my head, waves of pain well, wave, through my head. still can't hear, got the post-nasal-drip-bad-taste-in-mouth-ear-clogging-swollen-lymphnode- thing happening, and am hating every minute of it with a passion. got an appointment to see my ent on friday. and while i am worried he'll to the two minute check up here's-your-perscription-for-antibiotics thing again (if that happens, i'll scream at him), but am willing to do whatever is needed to make this go away. am just too paranoid about any further ear disasters happening on flights after the ear drum collapse two years ago. oh well. in other news, i hope i gave the final blow to the "friendship" with britta today. we had talked on the phone on monday, i had told her i would cook for her on thursday, but when i heard tuesday morn that hendrik was driving home, i send her an email immediately, actually fwding the bit of hendriks eMail as proof, and told her that we'd catch up when i was back from london. next thing in my inbox is a fuming eMail by her, accusing me of lying and "having my priorities wrong in regards to our friendship" , which prompted me to scream "bitch! bitch! bitch!" for a few minutes. bad timing on her part, for a few moments, i had really wanted to see what was left of our friendship, and next thing she does is this blow-out. her own fault, really. after sleeping over it, i send her an email this morning basically saying "it was good while it lasted, but now fuck off" (not in these, but similar words). had wanted to say that for ages. i think she rang at my doorbell today, while the football was on. did i open? nope. you know, i do have my priorities straight: football is more important than her. i am just not interested in making up with her. and have no hesitations of letting her know that. cruel? maybe. better and healthier for me? sure thing.

 urlLink we're in. now how fucking awesome is that? and how urlLink fucking tragic for ballack?

 urlLink gentry , who has taken my home country by storm after appearing on the harald schmidt show (he's our conan/jay), now urlLink met gtz alsmann (who deserves every bit of appreciation she's been giving him in her diary). funky.

 birthdays with a lot of alone time make for reflective moods. still feel that even a day later. hence this bit of intro-and retrospection. 15 Years Ago I... was in 4th grade at primary school; spend my summer with my parents in austria and at a riding camp on a farm with my cousin and some friends; fancied french actor pierre cosso in "cinderella '87"; got my first ever walkman, which was pink; and loved the pink bike i had been able to afford from the money i got as presents on my first holy communion that year. 10 Years Ago I... was in 9th grade at grammar school; spend my summers at summer camp at the castle, with a whole bunch of galpals, and had the best summers of my teen years; fancied ralf, summer camp group leader, who these days lives in this city and had had a short bad fling with magnus; would share two pairs of chucks with my friend jane so we'd wear a different coloured show on each foot; and went to my first u2 concert, zootv on june 4th at dortmund's westfalenhalle. 5 Years Ago I... had just graduated from high school with a grade of 1.1; spend my summer as a group leader at the camp at the castle for the last time, in paris at the catholic world youth meeting and in hamburg, visiting d.; fancied d., despite unsuccessful attempts earlier in the year of getting with my friend tim , kissing simon, and later in the year having the wee little affair with christian; i was just about to start uni; and moved in with the flatmate from hell. 2 Years Ago I... was preparing for my first trip to australia; was clinically depressed and on trycyclic depressants and pretty much out of it all; was already very much in love with ev, but terribly stressed because of his ex and the bullshit he let her put him through; kept a now gone diary at urlLink opendiary.com ; and was slowly but surely seperating myself from a big group of people i had thought were my friends. 1 Year Ago I... was already stuck in the same kind of law school rut i am in now; started volunteering at pp; had hoped to spend the summer in australia, which didn't work out; made the mistake of fleeing to my parents for much of the summer; and was already seeing dr.k but still pretty down most of the time. Yesterday I... turned 24; took the time to read the sunday paper on the balcony; talked on the phone with my toyboy twice; had a couple of nice chats with friends; and sobbed in front of the tv during urlLink all you need is love . Today I... talked with ev's mother on the phone because he was out; deep-conditioned my hair; didn't study enough; wrote an article on tss for urlLink scarleteen ; and had more choc than i've had in the past 6 weeks. Blame mom's birthday pack. Tomorrow I... will watch the world cup semi final and cheer for germany; will hopefully feel good enough to work out; will hopefully get to speak with the toyboy himself; will use my fabulous new bag; and try to be a bit happier than today. Five Places I've Lived...(for more or less long periods of time) duisburg, nrw, germany la mata, torrevieja, spain christchurch, new zealand freiburg, bw, germany melbourne, vic, australia Top Five Biggest Worries At the Moment... what my stay in australia will be like and how my relationship with ev will be influenced by the not so ideal living situation; how i will finance my studies in australia; how i will face and manage to work through the social anxiety i have developed in the past 2 years and whether i really am as messed up as i fear i am; how i will manage to finally graduate as quickly as possible; and whether law is the right profession for me to start with. Top Five Biggest Joys At the Moment... my relationship with ev & the love i feel for him and feel coming from him; urlLink my upcoming trip to see him ; summer; feeling and seeing my muscles move when working out; spitting my thoughts out in pixels right here; and the improving friendship with my brother, as it is finally looking like we might finally start to treat each other on an adult to adult basis. (survey from urlLink aroha ; aroha btw is maori and means love. fabulous name.) it's terrible to feel like i haven't made any major steps and developments or reached any major achievements in the past year or so. instead, it feels like i have been regressing more and more and crawling further and further back into the ridiculously clich shell cancers like me call their home. but then this has been a constant feeling for that period of time. i should have gotten used to it by now.

 last night, i somehow ended up watching urlLink http://www.hbo.com/docs/911/">the hbo docu: In Memoriam: New York City, 09.11.01. on urlLink cnn . it's a collage of film and photo material from more than 100 people who who were in ny that day, the well-known material we've all seen more than often enough (the cameran fliming firefighters, lifting his camera up when he hears a noise, first to catch the first flight hitting the wtc/the second plane coming in, in an almost elegant curve, hitting the second tower/the giant cloud coming through the streets, the cameraperson having to be dragged into a coffeesho, the clouds swirling in front of the window. etc..) amplified by numerous home videos nyers made that day, un-cut and un-dubbed. those bits are the most haunting, those first bits of film with its unfiltered statements of shock and fear. a man who woke up from the noise of the first crash staning on his balcony filming the wtc on fire talking about his fears of www3. the collective scream when the first tower came down. oh god. oh god. oh god. people in cars in brooklyn, seeing what was happening from afar. there's material made from a fdny helicopter of the roof, with an interview of the pilot who is in tears explaining why they could not land on the roof to save people. there's material from inside the wtc, people hurrying through the lobby. there are voice overs with phone messages from people made stuck in the building. "hi lisa, this is peter, there is a fire in the world trade center and we are stuck in the office and i don't know whether i will get out, but i wanted to tell you that i love you. i love you so much. tell the kids that i love them, too. i love you." these "new" bits make this so affecting. the extensive media coverage in the days and weeks after the attacks made me believe that i had seen it all, made me numb, made me want to turn my head, hit the programme switch, hide away. it sounds horrible to say it, but i had had enough of the countlessly repeated material in slow-mo, for weeks on tv. it had turned into a reality, a fact. the shock had worn off, it had gotten even more surreal then seeing it life. it had transcended into an icon. i had started to not want to see it, just like i can not bear to hear the standard phrases and catchwords that developed in the aftermath, took on a life of their own, were like a mantra repeated again and again and again, even in the most unrelated of contexts, like when us snowboarders did a gold/silver/bronze-triple at the olympics ( "this means a lot to our nation, especially after the tragic events of nine eleven" or whatever that guy exactly said). choose any combination of "cowardly terrorist attack on freedom". "the attacks". "september 11th". "nine eleven". make me throw up. i surely do not want to disrespect what has happened, but i can't stop myself from hating the rhethorics, while being unable to avoid them, even as i write this. the entire docu is interset with interviews, mainly of rudy giuliani and his staff, as there is lots of actual material from the day of the attacks of his staff and where they were going when. i can't help but still be amazed by his statesmanly handling of it, obvious in the footage of him and his staff trying to figure out what was happening, constantly moving, holding masks to their faces. i am impressed by the calm in the eye of the storm that he was, the un-dramatic yet compassionate and emotional words he found in the first press conference. "the losses will be greater than we can bear" . those pres conferences when he counted the first great losses that were already obvious, many leading members of the PA and fdny. the only downside of some of the interviews with some of giuliani's staff members is the music they are set to. sounds superficial to criticize that, but in my opinion, the sickly sweet weeping string music is just not needed: the words are enough, and would have come across far better without the background music intended to induce even more emotions. makes for a disturbingly almost vomit inducing combination; the music makes the words seem pathetic and makes the viewer loose focus. but that's the only flaw, really. the one hour docu ends with footage of memorial services and burials. most moving for me personally the memorial service of the brokerage company urlLink cantor fitzgerald ; the firm who lost most of their employees at their ny office. now, a day later, i find the one picture i can not get out of my head again is the same as ever since: it is the people jumping out of the wtc, from the floors above the hitting point. that material was left undubbed, too. you can hear a man in the off tell the cameraman to stop filming the jumping people, telling him that this was too horrible to be kept on film. you see people react to the jumpers. you hear people describe the sounds of when they hit the ground. you see footage of rudy giuliani turn away in shock when he sees the jumping people. these desperate people jumping to their death from their offices above where the plane hit still affect me the most. it is the photo of the man with the white jacket and dark pants, taken by ap photojournalist urlLink richard drew , believed to show urlLink norberto urlLink hernandez , pastry chef at "windows on the world", falling head down, captured in the middle of his fall, his arms by his side, the building in the background a bit blurry -yet still there- as he rushes past. the one thing affecting me even more was a still photo of what was left of those who jumped after they reached the sidewalk. that black and white stillphot, shown for maybe 5 seconds, splatters on the concrete and a little wall, clothing apparently thrown from somewhere, things that appear to have been body parts, had almost as much an impact on me as seeing the first tower collapse, live on cnn, paralysed in front of my telly, standing in the middle of my room in tears, hand in my mouth to stop the screaming shaken by the horror and extend of what was going on, 9 months ago. i do not want to know what the rescue people had to see. what they still see in their dreams. i never wrote anything on september 11th in here. i had just watched, like the rest of the world from afar, my words seemed so insufficient and useless in the turmoil that those hours, days and weeks were. i still feel the same about writing about it. but i just had to let this out, after last nights unexpected look back and reliving of that tuesday, 9 months ago.

 urlLink mary at haldmadspinster.com urlLink wrote about her friday night out volunteering . all i can say is "wow". to her. and to how well she wrote about it.

 take some time to smell the flowers. and while you're at it, urlLink make sure you admire the ladybugs, too. even when they don't look like ladybugs yet. urlLink heather felt like a bit of a entymologist today, i think. :)

 beautiful thunder storms are moving in. started out in the northeast, with lightning that seemed like the reflection of real lightning somewhere else. very pretty to look at. but it's a real thunderstorm, and now it's moving in and you can feel it. it just started to rain, the lighting is getting brighter and brighter, thunder coming closer an closer, and the air smells like electricity and summer. what a spectacle, indeed. feel like running naked through the rain urlLink again . too bad my untanned body will shine in a bright white when lit by lighting, should i decide to at least be naked in the rain on my balcony. bummer.

 Buffy: "You read my diary? That is not OK. A diary is like a person's most private possession. You don't even know what I was writing about. Hunk can mean a lot of things, bad things. And, and when I said his eyes were penetrating, I meant bulging." Angel: "Buffy..." Buffy: "A doesn't even stand for Angel for that matter. It stand for Achmed, a charming foreign exchange student. And that whole fantasy part has nothing to even do with you, at all..." Angel: "Your mother moved your diary when she came in to straighten up. I watched her from the closet. I didn't read it, I swear." Buffy: "Oh." urlLink memorable buffy quotes at imdb.com . somehow one has to get through the buffy less summer, after all. (quotes link via urlLink Confessions of a Mozillian )

 today was good. not spectacular, the world didn't revolve around me -which used to be the egoistic view a younger me had of my birthdays- but it was fine enough. a sunny and hot day, still above 30C, thankfully less humid than in the past week, bright blue skies, and i spend much of the day on the balcony, in the shade, reading, relaxed and pretty much happy with the world. quite a few people called, smsed or emailed. evan called five minutes to midnight, wanting to be quicker than my mom, knowing how much i wanted to talk to him first on my birthday. i read his sobby & kitschy card ( "happy birthday to someone who makes my life complete" ) and admired the gomez ticket he had drawn into it. aw. :) unpacked the pack from my mom which in which my brother's presents were, too, and all the while talked with evan, for a whole hour. was lovely, even though i was teribbly tired and even though it was 8am for him, not exactly a time when he's in a really talkative mood. missed him so much last night and today. i simply can not wait until i am there, can not wait to be near him again. alas it is not long: from now on, time will fly by with everything that still needs to be organised, i am completely sure about it. spend the morning quite normally, talking with beppie, going to the train station to get the sunday paper and some bread and cake for the afternoon (put my fab new bag to use for the first time!). tina came by in the afternoon and we sat on the balcony and had cake and champagne and it was splendid. now the day is almost over, i made myself some lovely warm mozzarella sammies and watched urlLink all you need is love while on the phone with tina. rarely watch the show ever since ev and i went on it, it either makes me sob or want to throw up. today it mainly sparked sobbing, they had the really adorable story of a woman from germany who found a necklace with an engraved pendant on a beach in cuba. amazingly, the show managed to track down the middle aged canadian woman who had gotten the pendant from her husband, a police officer in vancouver. the pendant was actually a vancouver police badge that carried his id# that's how the show managed to track him and her down. they surprised her in the show, the necklace had been stolen while she was on holiday in cuba, and she never thought she'd get it back. her hubbie put the necklace around her neck and told her that the fact the necklace had returned after all these years showed "that love can surpass everything, even travel around the world" . it was absolutely adorable, and as sobby as it sounds. other memorable thing was the usual "flying in the long distance boyfriend from australia" thing. this time they asked two ldr girlfriends to re-enact the rain-kissing scene from spiderman to win tickets to fly to their beloved ones. for each the upside down hanging spiderman was the other one's boyfriend. quite mean. but entertaining. got to remember to write to jenny, the staff person who organised our show thing, that i'm heading out to oz next month. or maybe i should wait till we have some more news. he. so today really hasn't been as bad as i expected it to be like. a party would have been good, being already on my way to oz would have been better, but it was ok the way it was, if a bit lonely. but i'm ok. and don't feel that 24 is any different to 23 yet.



 happy birthday to me.

 i'm physically feeling like shit, and have done so for the past 36 hours or so. yesterday morning i woke up at 5:30am, unable to sleep again and with a bizarre kind of sore throat from hell that had started to flare up thursday night. was dumb enough to think that a)it really wasn't that bad and that b) it really wasn't that hot either, and went for a 60 minute bodyststyling class at the gym. big mistake. i had trouble breathing, was terribly exhausted halfway through the class and had scarily low blood pressire most of the time (those silver-black flashes in front of my eyes were a constant experience throughout the class). should have probably stopped after 10 minutes, but idiotic me didn't. and now i am apparently in the fangs of a urlLink summer cold . don't feel like jotting down the gory details, but i must say there are few things i can imagine that could be more annoying and tiring than stuffed up sinuses, a persistent cough, earache and a headache in humid 35C weather. thankfully the sore throat is a bit better. am still not hungry though and had to force mysed to eat at all. attempted some lukewarm chicken soup (sucks in hot weather, but what's a girl to do?), only to -in my headached out state- knock it all over my carpet and theeby break my favourite cup (an east carolina university medical school cup which was a present from lou, the first person i ever met online & irl, a few years back). bloody hell. in any way, the only real home remedy i've been able to force myself to is the non-stop drinking. am nearing 6l of fluid intake already. urlLink most advice on the common cold is just not viable for this weather. tried to take a nap this afternoon (or rather: collapsed on my bed in the afternoon), which wasn't the best idea ever because i just drifted in an out of sleep for a good hour, felt terribly hot and could just not relax. ack. anyway. don't feel like whining any more. off to drink some more water and have a lukewarm shower. am still unsure whether i should head to bed early (or at least attempt to). wonder whether ev will call at midnight to wish me a happy birthday. bet my mom will, even though i told her not to. oh well. at least i could open my pack and card then, too.

 i rarely get house envy when watching mtv cribs. overstuffed rapstar houses with ruffly curtains don't really do anything for me. neither do the pastel nightmares female r&b singers love (oh, i remembher the destiny's child place with horror). was different today though: major house envy. the bass player from blink-182 does have a fucking awesome place. or at least a fucking awesome interior designer. he.

 such a good saturday so far, my health aside. went for a little saturday morn shopping trip and picked up some earrings at the jeweller's i had selected last night, a little birthday pressie for myself. yesterday, i had enquired and looked at some rings and stones and setting variations and the like...so today, i decided to try some on, just because. so i tried some rings on, and realised the type of ring i had fancied all along, a simple white gold band with a low set brilliant cut stone is just right. tried on a variety of rings with a variety of stone weights, but in all honesty, anything more than 0.25 ct looked kinda wrong on the long thin finger i have, and on a person my age anyway. looked like i had gone on a rampage through my grandmas jewellery box. the ring i liked most was an affordable 219, while having a first class stone. definitely not too bad. so enjoyable to talk engagement rings with the nice lady who served me. was impressed by how well i was treated customer service wise. i think i'm looking particularly young at the mo, in a bleached denim skirt and tank top and flip-flops and with loose hair, i guess i hardly look the 24 i'll turn tomorrow, or the lawyer i'll be soon. oh well. throughoutly lovely experience, and the earrings i bought just rock. they aren't anything special, just two fake brilliant cut stones set in silver, one half of the setting highly polished, the other half matte. very cute, and a good substitute for the pearls i lost lately. went on a stroll through the market and bought some fresh fruit & veges (hope the strawberries i bought today are better than those last week) and a potted sunflower (just couldn't bear to look at my bare windowstill anymore, one lonely sunflower is better than nothing, me thinks). got more groceries, a couple of teas from the health food shop (an ayuvedic licorice root tea to help my sore throat and an ayuvedic ginger lemon mix, too) and on my way home bought a 27 year old book on cognitive behavioural therapy in depression at a used book sale to profit urlLink ai . all really nice. town was really full, but everyone seemed to be in a funky good mood: lots of musicians on every street corner (including a trio of gals all under 8 plaing their violins, which sounded absolutely horrendous but was adorable as hell), the cafes full, and several wedding parties in front of the mayors office, inclduing two guys seemingly getting their partnership registered, and their wedding guests. Everything felt very vibrant and alive and ready to do things today. must be the weather. it's warm and a lot less humid than the days before, and korea won the football and now turkery and senegal are trying their best, too. only thing that sucks is that i am still feeling way too sick. while my sore throat is better and i can at least speak again, i know have a totally stuffy nose and breathing problems and a headache. welcome to the world of the summer common flu. nothing big, but terribly annoying. alas, there are things to be done: a football game to watch, dishes to do, a kitchen and bathroom to clean, a hungry stomach to feed and an email from a friend asking for advice needing to be answered. shall be a slow, good day today. more later.

 today, as i walked from the post office back home, i passed through an underpath. a busker was standing down there, playing his guitar and singing. sure not as well as the orginal artist, but with lots of passion and love and desire. You bury your treasure where it can't be found But your love is like a secret that's been passed around There is a silence that comes to a house where no one can sleep I guess it's the price of love I know it's not cheap Baby Baby Baby light my way I remember when we could sleep on stones Now we lie together in whispers and moans When I was all messed up And I heard opera in my head Your love was a light bulb Hanging over my bed and with that, the guy with the guitar truly made my day.

 urlLink One Good Turn at the Scarleteen boards. Dzuunmod: While she'd probably be the first to acknowledge that she's not done nearly as much as Miz S. (it's kinda hard to top the founder), I think those of us who've been here for awhile have seen that Alaska's put in loads of time at Scarleteen, contributing regularly to every forum, far as I can tell. She's also on many occasions, put things in a new light for me personally, and made me rethink some things. Sound thinking and an easy-to-get-along-with way about her are what I think of, with Alaska. I'd bet most everyone around the site is happy she's in her corner. Thanks 'laska! :) aww. aren't urlLink we in the sweetest sex positive love bubble there is?

 urlLink Friday Five 1. Do you live in a house, an apartment or a condo? small 26 sqm appartment. 2. Do you rent or own? Rent. 3. Does anyone else live with you? Nope, it's just me. 4. How many times have you moved in your life? Just twice. Away from home, into the shared flat from hell, then here. My life has always been terribly stable. Will make up for it by moving to Melbourne though. 5. What are your plans for this weekend? Watch some soccer. Clean the flat. Turn 24.

 urlLink the ikea game brilliant. despite my passion for ikea, i completely suck at it. couldn't even remember the name of the mouse pad i am using this very moment and got 4 at best. shame on me. can i blame this on the day? off to search for the catalogue to train a bit. or probably a bit more sane: sleep first. (via urlLink not so soft )

 warning! urlLink enthusiastic masturbation in front of your computer & webcam is risky business. you might climax so hard that you fall off your chair and hit a wall. yes. that happens. urlLink halcyon is such a doll. :) (that aside, urlLink jerking off is okay. promise. )

 all that girly fluff aside, i'm not too well. it's loneliness, another case of "the mauves" , missing evan. nothing i can change to well this very moment. tina called a little while ago, and i was snarky and didn't even feel the need to change it. i was terribly annoyed by her reasoning on the most irrelevant issue of all; we argued about -please don't laugh universe- waterbirths. tina was watching "birth story" on tv, told me to turn it on, too, and then got all judgemental about the going-ons. she deemed that the waterbirth the mother in the show had chosen - in a hospital birth tub , mind you- was unhygienic and disgusting - "you're lying in your own blood! you'll have to give birth to the placenta in there too!" gasp! i replied that she should better not get pregnant if she deemed blood during birth intolerable. giving birth to another human involves bodily fluids and blood and amniotic water. it's needed. it's normal. it might not be the best thing about giving birth, but hey, it's life. it's magical. so what? then dissected each of her arguments until she got all snarky and told me she preferred if we agreed to disagree. guess i'm just a bit too alterna-birth for her. or rather: she's not quite enlightened yet. i'm well aware though that that really wasn't the reason for the quarreling. the underlying reason is the fact she has not made a single move indicating that she plans to re-establish the plans we had for this weekend (i.e. the skate class and my birthday) before her brother said he'd come down here. he's cancelled his plans now, you know? so are we going back to our initial plans? apparently not. maybe i am subconciously sabotaging this friendship and being all kindergarten in order to not miss her that much when she's gone after the summer. could very well be. i feel neglected and unloved and unneeded. lovely. a similar snarky thing happened on the phone with my mother the other day. she has been making plans for october that again involve holidays for my dad and her, and me looking after shop/house/cat while they are away. i wouldn't mind it as much if it weren't in the first week of my last fucking semester here. i just can not stay away from uni yet again because they want to go on their fucking fifth holidays of the year. i told her there is no way i can stay away again, and she gave me the usual guilt trip, which worked as nicely as ever. sure i care about my cat. sure i care about their business. but fucking hell, let me live my life. i want to get away from here, i need to get away from here, i need to get my fucking degree and if you don't want me to leave but start working in your bookstore, then fucking say so. just don't try to sabotage my life and plans with your fucking holidays. i told you not to make plans that involve me from september on. so don't! argh. i'm not angry though. not really. it's the usual sick and tired of sick and tired and wanting to function and to finally get this degree and pack my things and get away from here and partly re-invent myself. even though i practically am away from so much already. you know, part of it is that i miss evan. i can't even put into words how much i do. i've told myself a thousand times how bad it is to really need another person, but i do need him. life is better with him because of what's between us. i miss the communication and rapport we have when we're in the same room. i miss his mind and his voice and his hands and the rest of his body. the bad thing is that i already miss thing we will not have once i am there. we won't have the easy coupled up life we have when he's here. we won't be sleeping with together and next to each other (at least not without guilt like we were 14). i worry about what that will do to us again. so pointless to get all sad and gloomy about us now. it's about 4 1/2 weeks until i'm there, nothing to whine about, no reason to be sad. it's going well. it'll all be well. it'll work out. made the mistake of reading around the remains of my now long gone opendiary today. " august 29th 2000 - this isn't it. what is happening right now is not what i wanted. yesterday was fine. went to phillip island, saw my first koala, heard the first kookaburra, saw and heard my first penguin. a nice day on the road. but something last night ruined it and this morning everything was wrong. just wrong. i feel i should stay here and not go to sydney, even though we wouldn't spend much time together anyway and get a chance work through what we have to work through. this is all screwed up. severely. so what was it? i don't know. being turned down again? i really don't know. i should have gotten used to it right now, that he doesn't want me near. he just doesn't feel how scared i am. and he doesn't see how it hurts, in regard of the fact that we have so little time left. i didn't want this. i just didn't. listen to too much radiohead.....bulletproof i wish i was....and if i could be..who you wanted..... if i could fucking be what e wants. if i could be what makes him happy." i try to remind myself it's all going to be different now, we've changed, we've grown, we're better, we know what to expect, we're sure. i try to remind myself that the distance that bothered me when i wrote the previous wasn't just due to the lack of privacy but to all the unresolved issues between us and the ones he had with jen. but i have a hard time convincing myself of that in the wee hours of the morning. i feel the empty space around me and inside me where he should be. his absence lurks in the background and creeps in on me in moments like these when night is falling and the moon rising and i feel so far away from the world, sitting at my desk seeing no lights in the coutyard because all my neighbours are out there having a life. i think i just need a good long reconnecting conversation with my boy to remind me of the goodness that's between us. i can not wait to get off that plane and feel him again and the things that are between us and head to the gomez concert the very same evening, doubtlessly crying during we haven't turned around" . life will be better then. why can't i just skip these next four weeks? please? wenn man zu lang allein ist kommen komische ideen es gibt zwar grund zu leiden doch wer will das schon hren hab all meinen rest zusammengepackt mich zusammen genommen war gerade mal dabei allein klar zu kommen wie aus dem nichts tauchtest du pltzlich vor mir auf wie aus dem nichts schnappten wir beide nach luft wenn man zu lang allein ist kommen komische ideen man wird verschroben, das knnen die wenigsten verstehen war gerade dabei den hundeblick wegzujagen diese gedanken mit gewalt aus dem kopf zu schlagen wie aus dem nichts liefen wir uns ber den weg wie aus dem nichts blieben wir voreinander stehen nicht mehr dran gedacht nicht mehr drauf gehofft keinen zentimer-, millimeter mehr daran geglaubt wenn man zu lang allein ist kommen komische ideen "wie aus dem nichts" ~nationalgalerie~

 i know it's unforgivably girly, all that talking about hair and wedding dresses. lock me up then. i enjoy being girly. to hit today's quota of girly self-absorbed posts, first off: my hair. it ain't got the green sheen anymore. the night with my hair wild like a scarecrow have paid off. fabulous care product. all is well again today. quite nice. secondly: dresses. stumbled over a couple sophisticated, glamourous & sexy dresses from a company called urlLink wearkstatt bridal (name makes me wonder whether they might be german). all i can say is: wow. urlLink carina &middot urlLink dara &middot urlLink erica &middot urlLink tricia

 went for a 60 minute urlLink swim early this morning, which was highly enjoyable and refreshing. wonder about two things though: can i go again tomorrow? (we got a wee little thunderstorm a little while ago which might be the end of our current heatwave) and has my little swimming excursion completely ruined my hair? yes, terribly girlish to worry about the latter, but i am growing it for the first time in my life. i am new to this intense looking after your hair thing. the slight green shimmer i noticed in my highlights this afternoon sure set off me off in a frantic deep-conditioning mode. 2hrs with urlLink john frieda's sheer blonde deep conditioning treatment didn't quite do the trick, so now my hair looks all weird, as it's been smeared with a sample of the killer expensive urlLink marlies moeller overnight hair treatment, which my hair literally soaked up in an instant. wonder what it will be like tomorrow, after the emulgating and the washing. can't be worse than now. right now, my hair looks like the latest trend for scarecrows. or like that of a model at a paris runwayshow. he.

 new tennants, a gal and a guy, are walking around and apparently unpacking in urlLink fritz's flat across the courtyard . they were there yesterday evening, too, and i thought i had recognized the guy. and i was right. it's a couple from my semester. no new interesting people to look at. just a disgustingly boring and coupled up law couple. just what i not needed. duh.

 just discovered i have a hunky dreadlocked neighbour, who enjoys sitting and reading on his balcony in the buff. yum yum.

 wordlove urlLink God, why didn't I have American female teachers urlLink I shouldn't need a fluke to be happy urlLink mon avis, je crois il y a un problem concernement le system poile du chat urlLink I wasn't looking to get into her pants when I said mine, but get into each other's pants we did, and we kept doing it for awhile. urlLink It was 1998 and Friends was still very good. urlLink Nothing else is acceptable but a win. urlLink What?! Lyrics, in MY BLOG?!?!?! Impossible. urlLink There are very few things that can't be improved by the application of chocolate and drag queens. urlLink Still with me? Brave soul, you are. urlLink Her limbs are long and elegant, muscular but still feminine and curvy. Her skin is tan but not in that Roasted On A Sunbed way. An hour of gruelling Body Combat class means a delicate sheen of sweat that enhances her perfect skin, whereas I am glazed and pink like a Christmas ham. urlLink So kiss my fucking ass. urlLink Yes, we did one of those things that boys love to fanticize about happening in a girls dorm. urlLink I let the pixels swirl around me so thick I could taste them deep in my throat. urlLink I spent the whole day dressed like a butch lesbian. I remained, however, strangely fuckable. urlLink Great. Thrush and a banged cervix. Wonderful. urlLink You know, I can't explain my love for Ms. Britney. urlLink I'm so productive. And modest, too. urlLink But Old Glory is a temptress, and temptresses are irresistable. urlLink I think I want to write "Moses: A Friend With Benefits". urlLink When I returned to my apartment, I disconnected the buzzer. urlLink find me a good synonym for digress, I dare ya urlLink I know why I live. I do. I hope you do too. urlLink But behind the scenes, Microsoft's Intergalactic Interface Department will be ready to introduce a parser that's compatible with whatever superrace from outer space that chooses to colonize Earth and strip us of our resources. (..) Remember, you heard it here first. :) spread some wordlove, too! ( urlLink inspired by urlLink firda )

 this time three years ago, i was having an affair. today and yesterday were days full of intense memories, sparked by the hot weather, by music i hadn't listened to in years, by being dissapointed by a friend and too much time alone. while pondering about my birthday on sunday, i remembered that three years ago, the person to congratulate me first was not d., my partner back then, but c. three years ago, i was having an affair. those were the last months of being with d. things were coming to an end, had been coming to an end for a while. the basis of our relationship had been eroded by him making all major decisions without me, by his warped view of me, by his warped view of our future. i didn't quite dare to take my things and leave, and ended up in an affair instead, sunconsciously looking for a catalyst to make me end the relationship with d. i met c. in a group setting through a close mutual friend, away from both our hometowns, found him interesting and attractive, liked his quick and creative mind, desired his attention. i wonder whether part of my attraction to c. was actually our mutual friend, who i had longed for and lusted after for a good 3 years before this all happened. being with c. was being in our mutual friend's territory in a way. warped, i know. but probably more to the point than i'd like to admit. in any way, the attraction seemed to be mutual, and somehow, we ended up outside, it was a lush summer evening, and things developed from there. my mind is all confuse can't seem to choose what's right or wrong . it wasn't spectacular, but nice enough. a lack of safer sex supplies (my partner wasn't there, so why should i carry my kit around?) limited our activities. and in all honesty, i'm not too sure whether i'd have gone along with it. while i had emotionally moved away from d. quite a while ago, it still felt like cheating: unfair. i broke all arrangements d. and i had made in our two years together. it wasn't the first time i had "slipped" while with d. there had been others before, i had fallen in love once, in lust twice, looked for re-assurance, too. home again after the slip with c., i decided it was all going to be a one off thing. despite that, a few days later, i found myself writing emails to c, bringing what had happened up, indicating i had liked it a lot. a few days later, we were on the phone. ended up being on the phone for four hours. that night, drum & bass being the soundtrack from the club in my courtyard, was the start of a phone/online experience like none before or after. it was insane, intense and stupid. it felt beautiful while it lasted. had they been in english, these eMails could have gone straight into the fiction section of urlLink scarletletters . the day after the phone call, i eMailed him again. unfortunately i don't have all the mails i send him back then, i didn't have my own computer back then, and hence don't know what exactly i wrote him. from what he wrote that day, i gather that he read one of his short stories to me on the phone, that we discussed relationships and the upcoming solar eclipse and what had happened. it's the most hamless of all the emails he wrote. he. i wrote mine at the puter pools at uni and got regularly disconnected when writing pages and pages of replies, red faced and flushed and excited. pages full of confessions and desires and questions on how things should develop in and between the lines. i still have all his mails. i am still amazed by how daring we both were, by how my feeling were awakened again while still being in the fucked up relationship with d., by the desire and lust that nearly drips out off these mails. we started being on the phone every day. emailed several times a day. to share the cost of calls, we'd stop every hour so the callee could call the caller. d. started to wonder why my line was always busy late in the evening, and i took on calling him when c. and i were making our phone breaks. that bit felt terribly deceitful, was terribly deceitful. but i had turned that bit in my head off, most of the time, and somehow seperated the screwed up 2 year old ldr with d. from the sizzling ldr stuff between c. and me. i wanted hours and hours of c.'s voice on the phone. wanted more and more of his intense emails. didn't care i was tired all the time from staying up till 4am with him on the phone and waking up from dreams in which i was still on the phone with him. one night, he told me all about his family. his father's suicide. his mom's schizophrenia. the trouble with his brother. c. called me at midnight on my 21st birthday, and was the first to congratulate (d. didn't call until sometime the next day), a few hours later, when the little party i had had was over, c. and i were on the phone again, and i remember what it felt like to tell him that i couldn't get him out of my head and wanted to continue what had started, wondering whether i was making a fool out of myself: it felt like jumping into an ice-cold pool, only to realize it really was a warm jacuzzi and that i had had nothing to fear. whereas being with d. made me feel trapped and locked in, i felt free and accepted and carried by c. i still have an email from july 5th 1999 in which i ponder how and why things developed the way they did; a true morning after email, c. and i had had the most exquisite phone sex you can imagine the night before. i was further away from d. in these phone calls than while c. and i had been kissing. the calls were unfaithfulness at its best. what happened over the glassfibre cables was more intimate than any kissing, any making-out, any groping. we let all defences down. and good lord, did that feel spectacular. it wasn't all sweet and sexy and erotic though, july 6th in contrast shows the guilt i felt over the betrayal and pondered about what i should do (knew the only way out anyway), and how much i worried about c. thinking i might enjoy the double-play. the sex with c. aside, i hated every minute of the double-play, as exciting as it was. three years ago, i was having an affair. things with d. were deteriorating, obviously. i can't remember specifics, just bitd of horrible weekends here and in d.'s new hometown. sex i didn't want but felt obliged to have, evil comments intended to hit were it hurts most, emptiness the size of the grand canyon between us. d. and i broke up, finally, several weeks overdue, one weekend in his new town. i drove him to work, the worst of all songs "time to say goodbye" on the radio. i was sad and tired but already feeling the relief of it being over, and felt the relief the 300kms home. but instead of making the way ready for a new relationship with c., the breakup meant breaking away from him, too. i just couldn't do it. i suddenly felt threatened by what had seemed promising the week before. i felt under pressure by his wishes, i just couldn't start all over again, as much as i had needed the glorious last few weeks with him. instead of finally seeing him again in real life, we never got around to make that real. instead of watching the solar eclipse together, like planned, i ended up in bed with one of my best mates that day. i needed to get the relationship with d. out of my head, so i screwed j. lustfully but relationship less. full of love, but without commitment. and good grace, did it feel good. i remember the night at my place. "and in your eyes i can see what's on my mind" . a sunny saturday morning in his flat, after a night of walking through his beautiful hometown which felt like paris, just smaller, a night of booze, and thc and feeling the sheepskin rug and sex. a morning that felt good. it was the good kind of love between two friends. the only thing that was missing though was "being-in-love". had that been there, it would have been perfect. when i had finished the relationship with d., there just was no room for being in love, at all. not for j. not for c. for no one. just for me and my egoism. i never told d. what had been going on. it wouldn't have mattered in face of all the bullshit that was between us anyway. indeed i used c. as the catalyst to end my relationship with d. i needed him for that. i still feel guilty for that and still don't have any excuses or justifications. it sounds terrible to say that, but by projecting what i was missing with d. on c., by living out what i was missing with d. on the phone with c. three years ago, i was having an affair. an affair that that couldn't be transformed into real life. when c. and i finally met again, i think i was already with ev. the differences between c. and me were starkly obvious. his expectations were, too. it never got to be. above all, i felt sorry, for the hurt i caused, for dissapointing his expectations, for not being what he wanted me to be. for being faulty and using hum to get out. three years ago, i was having an affair. through glassfibre wires and eMail programs. an affair, that i still remember fondly. an affair i feel sad about because i had been so unfair. an affair i feel good about because it taught me how to be open again and awoke parts of me long believed dead. three years ago, i was having an affair. it seems like so much longer ago. i can not see myself doing the kind of double-play again. can not see myself in uni with my partner a few metres away, checking eMails from someone else who excites me more than the entire weekend with my partner. can not see myself being so secretive. can not see myself being so un-whole, see myself so betraying. strangely enough, with ev, for the first time ever, i am not looking for re-assurance with someone else. i don't feel like missing out. don't feel limited but safe. feel completely happy as a twosome and can not see myself being unhappy in it. for the first time ever, i feel whole in a relationship. but three years ago, i wasn't and was having an affair. i was a different me back then.

 i'm sad because a friendship is becoming shallow, just as huge changes are looming in the future. and i hate every minute of it. let me be blunt: if you want (and it looks like you do) all this shallow-no-i-already-have-plans-for-your-birthday-let's-not-do-something-then-i-called-but-didn't-leave-a-message-bullshit, then don't expect me to be there when you are in need. tis as easy as that. honestly.

 it's time to toughen up. europe is in the middle of a heatwave, and my lovely hometown is reaching new temperature records: we're the hottest (we're all pretty hot all year round anyway) city on the hottest june day since they started recording temps. today we hit (and are still hitting) 38C. i haven't done much all afternoon besides sitting or lying in my darkened room in front of my small fan, wearing at the most a strapless bikini (shoulders still way too burned to let anything touch them) and sipping cool water (and looking at wedding dresses online, i admit it). there's no wind outside, it feels like the air's just standing still and you walk into walls. the nights aren't much of a relief: it only "cooled down" to about 24C last night. hey-ho. for once i find a wee bit of comfort in not having another warm sweaty human being next to me in bed, who'd warm up my fresh from the freezer sheet too quickly. i really shouldn't be whining though but get used to it instead. if you add air-con (which is almost non existent in private households over here) this is what summers will be like once i have moved to australia. it'll be over 40C some days. over 30C most days. i'll have to work then and won't be able to laze in front of the puter in a bikini and have lukewarm showers every few hours. i'll also be somewhere where i'll have to be diligent about sunscreen every single day of the year. i honestly thought i was good enough about it, until this weekend. my shoulders and face and head still prove me otherwise. i've been spraying myself with ambre solaire sunscreen spray for sensitive kid skin with spf 30 in regular intervals today. i need to do so every day. and another thing to do: ev told me i had to toughen up and stop whining. and what a bummer, he's right.

 urlLink and the bride wore..... ugly clothing! hilarious! (via urlLink going bridal )

 i shouldn't have started looking at these things, should I? :) urlLink cameo &middot urlLink casablanca &middot urlLink ceilan urlLink clara &middot urlLink confeti &middot urlLink concierto

 on my way to dr.k today, i again stared at "the dress" in the shop window of "la dolce vita" for a couple of minutes. urlLink kitto thinks i should just go in and try it on. and i am tempted. terribly tempted. somehow it feels like it were cheating to do that before we ever got formally engaged. it feels like something to be done with a pal or with mom. not just plain me walking into the store trying it on alone. it really isn't the kind of dress i'd ever imagined myself wearing. the neckline is higher than i thought i'd ever like it on that kind of dress (and is the only thing i might want to get changed -into a boatneck or so- came it ever that far) but good lord, is it beautiful. the beading is beautifully made. the train is absolutely gorgeous. it's sleek and simple, yet not plain. ah. urlLink just see it for yourself. it's made by urlLink pronovias . kitto, don't you want to come over? just for a little wedding-dress-trying-on-session? please? :)

 urlLink Alaska, No Longer So Frigid, Starts to Crack, Burn and Sag Just love that headline. He.

 i'm tired and sunburned and really need a rest now, but what a weekend this was. jampacked with goodthings, sun and fun. makes it a bit more bearable that i'm tired and terribly burned. so much happened since thursday and i haven't had the time to reflect on it nearly enough. the reunion on friday was good. far better than ever expected. the girl gang met up at tati's place beforehand, which was a nice warm up. in a way, it was like no time had passed since we last had sat together while at the same time being completely different to what things were like back then. the girls haven't changed that much. yes, the haircuts are different, martina is queer now, and jane has this pretty babybelly, tati is finally successful jobwise, biene is not jane's closest mate any longer... but the core of everyone just hasn't changed much these past 5 years. we fell into familiar chatter, laughed about old pictures, biene got as quickly drunk as ever, tina made a point of always kissing her girlfriend (after all, i was the one who had missed out on her big coming out event) and everyone touched jane's belly. when we headed to the bar later on, it was nice to have had the re-connection with the girls beforehand, we could all spend the evening with others and come back together more talk. had lovely conversations with axel (who's a full fledged geek now), meike (of all people), sabine, isa, ina, simone and a bunch of other gals, laughed with marcel. had a lenghty conversation with simon and brought up old times with him. nicole told me about what she's doing. in general, i made an effort of listening, and what i told others was goodstuff - that i'll be done soon and then move to australia. kept things open enough to be comfortable for me. the only taxing moment was a short discussion with deniz, who -being a law student herself- wanted to know in depth what i was doing. but that went well, too. the only one who really annoyed me was wolfgang, who sat down next to me, inquired whether i was still with andersen (his motivation obviously being his desire to tell me that i am as urlLink screwed as the company ) and then went on to tell me how he's the rising star at bosch and will be doing some work for them in sao paulo. he said he wasn't sure whether he would ever return, because brasil was so great. not that he's been there yet. i smiled during his showing off and just kept repeating how happy i was for him, and that was that. it really was hilariously entertaining, even though i still haven't figured out what his point was. wolfgang was the only annoying thing, really. when the party was winding down, filiz, tati, biene and me proceeded to the pub where we used to hang out when we were teens. insert time warp here. the drummer from a band where an ex used to sing stood there, just like he did 10 years ago, still chatting up 15 year olds. the only difference is that he's now 10 years older. seeing that made me happy that i left hometown. it really was a good night. not spectacular, not terribly important, but interesting. will try to stay in touch with the girls at least. will make an effort of seeing both jane and martina when i'm there next month. saturday was a rushed day until i finally sat on the train in the late afternoon, terribly tired. arrived here in unitown at 11:30pm, and getting off the air-conditioned train was like walking into an ovem. it was still well over 25C, without the slightest breeze. was 1am until i had thrown everything out of my bags and was finally in bed and a meagre 4 hours later, i was up and running and on the train to geneva by 6am. the train ride was stunning: the views (ravines, lakes, mountains) already made the early start worth it, and i dozed a little, read a little and tried to understand the little kids sitting nearby speaking swissgerman. arrived in geneva just after ten, and met grant straight away - we immediately fell into familiar conversation and didn't stop until i hopped back on the train in the late evening. quite lovely. the city is breathtakingly beautiful. it's a lot more french than any other swiss city i've been to, but has a certain charme that's hard to describe. - the grand hotels and banks and watch shops on the banks of the lac lemain and the rivers....terribly pretty. the city showed off in style, too: perfect bright blue skies, perfect sunshine, perfect views of mont blanc, perfectly windstill so that the jet d'eau could reach the full 140m that thing is hight. the day was spend with lots of walking along the lake and the rhone and l'arve, regular stops at cafes for drinks, lunch at a posh little cafe at the jardin anglaise watching ireland vs. spain on a big screen with several hundred others, mainly spaniards. very funky, very european, very relaxing to enjoy wine and fresh homemade gnocci and cheer for ireland, pondering what the family would think could they see us. impressed grant by being able to fully communicate with everyone in french. he. :) we later went on a boat tour and admired the estates on the lake, had good views of the un buildings, walked through the botanical garden and stood at the spot where empress elisabeth was stabbed to death. somehow i had expected geneva to be all noveau riche and uptight, but instead, it was a party out there: the lakeside promenade was packed with people from all around the world having fun, swimming, tanning, playing music or doing capoeira. it felt alive, multicultural and happy and good. quite lovely. like the tiny capital village of the world that geneva is. caught a train home a little before eight: by that time both grant and i were exhausted and tired, he probably even more so than me because of jetlag. we both were totally burned, too, and i could hit myself for being so dumb to not re-apply sunscreen, even though i doubt that would have helped much - the stuff i used appears to have been old, and now i'm pink all over. nice. got a nice goodie bag from grant, too: a bottle of whine for my dad, urlLink bombers mags, a quantas business class travel kit (i'm such a sucker for these things!) and evs pressie for my birthday. the paper bag broke just as i was ready to hop on the train, but a terribly kind lady gave me a sturdy fold up bag as a present. how absolutely rocking: i hope she understood my thanks in a variety of languages. the train ride turned out to be funky, too: saara, a finnish girl studying in basel started talking to me because she thought i migth be finnish, too. we talked the entire three hours until basel, about a wide variety of things - ldrs, geneva, being away from home, and plan to meet again in the next few weeks here in unitown. a rare kind of trainmeeting - i thouroughly enjoyed every minute of it. and now my glorious weekend is over, i'm back home, still haven't caught up on sleep, am popping nsaids and drinking water like mad in an effort to not feel the pain, and wish i could have stayed longer in geneva. having a life is good stuff, i tell you.

 re-create caro's look of the day in two simple steps combine a perfect five day old two-layered l'oreal bronze sublime fake tan + 32C + sun + walking through geneva (any other town with a lakeside -for added sun exposure- will do)+ sweat + movement of clothing on arms, tummy and between breasts = the urlLink vitiligo look! now add roughly 16 hours of bright sunshine - working sunscreen (which will give you bright red burned shoulders + bright red burned face + bright red burned chapped lips + bright red line on head where sidepart is + white rings around eyes where sunnies were) = the "caro-is-too-dumb-to-use-sunscreen-properly" look! off to stock up on more aloe vera, new sunscreen and a hat. bloody hell.

 finally a decent weekend ahead for me, i think. leaving in just about 2 hours to head home with hendrik. it's our 5 year high school anniversary tomorrow, and while i am still not too excited about seeing most of the folks i graduated with, i *am* excited about seeing the girls's from the clique we had back in middle school. jane now 7 months pregnant, martina freshly out of the closet, sandra as good as married, filiz brilliant at doing med, tati working as a nurse.... wonder how cindy is, and biene, too. then there's simon, who i really want to see, and boris, and about a handful of others. seeing the rest (just the other hundred or so), i couldn't care much less about. i remember the best feeling in school was not having to like them anymore, on the day we graduated. wonder what they'll think about me, whether most will still hate me, whether most will think i'm fat. wonder how i'll get through the night without feeling like a failure or sounding too arrogant, and guess i'll follow dr.k's advice and listen mostly, which is a difficult thing for me, the always talking one. but it'll be good, eventually, i think. not going would be cowardish. it's just a few hours, and if i really hate it, i can always leave, can't i? am still pondering whether i should organise for someone to drive me, or stay sober all night: the latter might actually prove to be even more entertaining than if i got drunk. he. no matter what, it'll be fine. will head back here late saturday: grant, evan's father, will be in geneva on a business trip, and sunday is the only day he's truly got off before the conference he'll attend kicks off. so i'll hop on a train to urlLink geneva bright and early on 6am and spend the day there with grant, before i return in the late evening. nothing like a trip to switzerland to break the routine of boring weekends. never been to geneva before and am truly excited: the weather will most likely absolutely rock this weekend (31C predicted for sunday), there's a huge boat race on at the lac, and it'll be a good day spent outside, with good food and drinks and nice conversation with grant, who's as fabulous a soon-to-be-father-in-law as one can wish for. so don't expect to hear much from me. i'm out there having a life for a change. :)

 sometimes i wonder how well one ever gets to know people.

 a couple of weeks ago i saw urlLink christian bauer's documentary urlLink "missing allen - the man who became a camera" and was absolutely captivated by it. christian bauer's longtime friend and colleague allen ross, a filmmaker from chicago, dissapears without a trace not long after finishing filming a docu with bauer. 4 years later, bauer and other friends of allen's go on a search for him, taking cameras with them, trying to uncover what has happened to him, whether he's chosen to start a new life - which he had previously mentioned- or whether something else has happened. plainly speaking: whether allen has been killed. with them, you visit places where allen has lived. you get to know allen's father, looking through allen's mail hoping to uncover anything. you are with them as they find some of his most precious belongings, including his camera, stored in a garage. you are with them as they find his beloved car. with them as they search a garbage dump after hearing claims he was buried there. the story they finally uncover is frightening and bizarre. so bizarre that it would be unbelievable if this were a fictional movie. but life writes the strangest stories of all. this docu is extremely personal. the flimmakers let you get so close to themselves, to allen, to his friends, to his father. so close it hurts. so close that by the end of it, you the viewer, too, miss allen and are sad about his loss. you feel the pain they feel, feel their need to escape from what has happened to allen. their sadness and need to escape is most obvious when bauer interviews a fellow photographer & friend of allen's on a rooftop. asking him whether he misses allen. and the photographer, camera in hand, visibly shaken and close to tears, keeps lifting up his camera, taking photos of the camera filming him, instead of replying. bauer just says: "i, too, hide behind the camera." sadness transcends the screen. just like the love and admiration his friends felt for him. i've never seen a greater tribute to an artist and friend before. i wonder what allen would have said if he saw it. for more: urlLink chicago sun times: the case of the missing filmmaker urlLink faz: tutorial on the art of tracking people down urlLink Chicago reader: The Allen Ross Mystery: A Body in the Basement urlLink chicago reader: letter to the editor

 my mother asked me this weekend what i wanted for my birthday. and i couldn't come up with any urgent wishes at all. got my flight to australia, so what else do i need? sure, 24.000 AUS$ would be nice for my studies there, but well, a bit much to ask for a birthday. sure, there are some books and cds i'd like, and some computer stuff, too. but nothing that isn't too big a present that i really urgently want. there's not much point in wanting fluff for my flat (which i usually love) when i need to ship it all to the other side of the world soon. i need every day things though, mainly clothing. some work clothes, a decent not too thick coat, some sexy shoes, a little black dress and an evening gown, too. i need some workout clothes, specifically pants and a decent sports top. i want some underwear from agent provocateur which i'll get as a pressie for myself when i'm in london next month. but that's really it. strangely enough, i already know two pressies that i'll get for my birthday... when packing up things in my brothers flat a few months back, i stumbled across an envelope that contained the edition of urlLink bravo that was out in the week i was born. very cute. yesterday, evan slipped when i told him i had made a mistake and wasn't arriving by 5:55am but at 5:55pm on July the 24th, thinking that would be something he'd be delighted to hear about as it would mean much less hassle for him. alas, he got a bit stressed, telling me we had plans for that night. and now i think i know urlLink what these plans are . wooohoooo. 2 years ago, the concert rocked. it was honestly the best concert i've ever been to (u2 aside, but that's because of u2, not the way they play); the boys from gomez have so much fun on stage, and it was a pleasure to see them having so much fun. and the music... aww. while the concert was fine, i remember being sad that night, crying during alex lloyd's (who was warm up then) "my way home" and that i had spend much of the previous night crying because i was so unhappy with life, and our relationship, and freshly off tricyclics. no drama right before the concert this time, if the sia pilots are super punctual that is, and if i'll manage to fight my way through immigrations...last time, it took me just about 20 minutes to get out with my luggage and all. please cross your fingers. so it's going to be my birthday in less than two weeks, and i'm as unexcited as never before. i have no thing planned for the day. no party. not even a get-together. it'd be so fake to call around now to get together with people i haven't seen in months, just because it's my birthday. too bad fritz is gone, his party on my birthday last year rocked and was the perfect way to celebrate. but nothing this year. no way to escape either, as fabian won't be in london. would have been perfect to get away. so i guess i'll spend the day the way i'd spend every sunday in june: workout in the morn, spend a few hours on the phone with evan, study, sit in the sun, make a nice dinner for me. even tina will most likely be out of town. if she's here, we might go for an inline skating class the day before and go out for a few cocktails that night. but if she's not here, why go out alone? problem is, that i can't blame anybody but me for the fact that no one's here to celebrate with. i left everyone. so how could i expect them to be around when i would finally like some company? i wish i could fly out a month early and be on the plane on my birthday. flying with the time, it'd be over 8 hours sooner.

 I'm in a bit of a sappy mood today. Blame the urlLink InStyle: Wedding Special . It's only the tip of the iceberg though: Weddings, dresses, proposals are jumping at me everywhere i turn. I'm turning into one of these women who ponder what kind of train she wants on her dress. Quite ridiculous. After all, this shall one day be about love, not clothing. But I'm still tempted to try on the very simple sleek dress i've seen in a shop nearby last thursday.... Talking about love: collective awwwww now, please. urlLink Perfect Proposals: Angelina Jolie & Billy Bob Thornton BILLY BOB : "Somebody asked me the other day if I asked her to marry me or if she asked me. And it was never really discussed. We just knew." ANGELINA : "One day we just said, 'It feels like we've been married forever.' Then we realized we weren't and we had to." BILLY BOB : "We'd better do it! We thought we were." urlLink Perfect Proposals: Goran Visnjic "One day I came up with the idea to propose and I said, 'Will you?' and she (sculptor Ivana Vrdoljak) said, 'Yes.' It was really simple. We got married in Santa Barbara. We had been in Croatia together before we came here, and when I got my first job in the States I asked her if she wanted to go with me and she thought about it for four seconds and agreed. In some ways that decision was more important than saying yes to marriage." awwwwwwwwww.

 urlLink Tracy White : urlLink Am i fat? Fabulous little comic on self esteem and body image.

 i had to make a sad decision this weekend, regarding the urlLink tour de france trip with my dad. it's cancellend. i had confused the date for the stage up mont ventoux, had wrongly remembered that the tour would arrive there on the saturday before i fly out. alas, the tour arrives there late sunday, which is quite simply too late. there is no way i'd feel comfy planning on leaving the south of france on sunday, most likely very late in the evening, exhausted after a day of standing on a shadeless mountain if i have to be at frankfurt airport a good 48 hours later, with packed bags. no way of being able to predict whether we'd actually be able to get down mont ventoux on the same day that the stage ends there in the first place. oh the logistics of the tour. what a bummer. i so wanted to be on mont ventoux and also see the mountain stage up les deux alpes, especially with my dad. it's been so good these past two years to have this father-daughter trip with him. i had sacrificed the les deux alpes stage when i booked my flight, because i knew that was in the beggining of the week, thinking we could still manage mont ventoux. but i was wrong. ack. however, after taking another good look at the tour parcours and my diary, it doesn't look like it's going to be a tourless year for me after all. i'll be up north looking after my parents bookshop from the 1st to the 10th (while they are be holidaying -yet again- in italy), which would make it absolutely *perfect* to head to luxembourg for a day to watch the tour there. woohoo! the tour will be in luxembourg from the 6th to the 8th, it's urlLink le grand dpart du luxembourg this year, three days of tour extravaganza in a row. it'll be a good 300km trip one way from my parents place, so right now, i think i'll head there for the urlLink prologue on saturday the 6th. the tours timing is good, i can leave early, take a good look around luxembourg, watcht the tour and head home, - and rest the next day and recover, too. urlLink i'm well aware that the prologue itself won't be anything too exciting - just the usual flat roughly 7km ride through town - but it'd be an almost 6 hour show ( urlLink caravane at 13:30, last rider at 19:17 ). plus i'd get to see all of riders seperately and hence would get to cheer urlLink lance directly. that really is such an important factor: nothing quite like the giant crowds on the roads cheering the favourites. i remember the time trial here in hometown in 2000 very fondly; what a rocking day that was, and the amazing atmosphere when jan ullrich as first and runner up were the last to hit the road that day. so i hope a prologue would be similarly entertaining. woohoo! tour de france, here i come. now more preparations: where can i get clothing with the star of texas and an american flag? ;)

 new spam highlight: from: shocking news re: osama bin laden (was found) Well Maybe that bustard wasn't fount yet! But, what you just found is an amazing way of supporting the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA!!! My name is Debbie and I am a proud American babe, My fulltime job is to play with myself on my webcamera! : ) If you can cum to visit my website, a full-version software is given away. Which can connect to my webcam. True patriots... Enter Here!

 urlLink illbruck won the urlLink volvo ocean race . hooray!

 i've seen alex a lot recently. not in real life, mind you. he's been on tv a lot, in a variety of typical little tueday & wednesday night tv-movies. usually as the "other man", the tempting karate instructor who puts a strain on a couple's relationship, when wildly screwing the wife on the wooden floor of a gym room (tastefully lit and nicely shot, with nice views of his butt), or as the slightly seedy flirt class instructor. it's been years since our encounter at "sam's", the now long gone bar where steffi, ilka and i hung out on sunday nights. 9 years... back then, we spend sunday nights at "sam's" when there was no school on monday, so that we could go out late, sleep over at ilka's and be woken up by the kids her mom looked after. those fabulous nights at sam were eagerly anticipated and prepared. we spend the afternoons trying to make-up us old enough & choosing clothing we'd change into in hotel toilets or the back of steffi's car. sometimes we'd head out to the theatre in the early evening and try to get into the show for free or rip off bus drivers with left over group tickets. more often, we'd hang out at the stage door to see who was working that night and would later go to pizza hut, share a pizza and wait for time to pass. alternatively, we'd go to UCI and watch movies in english. at 11, we'd go to "sam's", search out a strategic table or spot at the bar, buy drinks we were too young to buy and throw money into the video juke box to see take that's "pray" , gloria gaynor's "i am what i am" or "more than words" by extreme just one more time. by midnight, everyone would start arriving, and steffi, ilka and i would ogle and chat with ken, darren and paul (and stare at robbie williams rolling around in the sand in that video), wonder about who was dating or at least screwing who (i'll never forget the tragic night ken came to our table and introduced darren's boyfriend who had flown in frm the uk, oh how did i suffer!) and try to be part of the in-crowd. it felt great. it like what we were supposed to be doing at that time in our lives. then one night in early spring, after a couple of weeks not hanging out at "sam's", alex was there. i noticed him pretty early in the evening, he arrived before the people who had worked that night, with a group of show newbies i had already seen, show newbies just like he was one. he caught my eye straight away and i couldn't take my eyes of him, he had what i looked for back then: slightly longer hair, a pretty butt and a certain look in his eyes. he wasn't attractive in the typical sense of the word, he wasn't a smooth faced pretty boy, but he had that certain something: he looked wild. he oozed sexiness. when i went to the bar to buy some drinks for ilka, steffi and me, he chatted me up. i brought the ordered drinks to our table, and spend the rest of the evening at the bar with him, flirting like mad. he was still in prep camp for the show then, the new casts premiere was several weeks away, and he told me about his job and asked me whether i had ever seen the show. trying so hard to be part of the in-crowd and wanting to avoid standing out as "a fan", i denied it, and so he spend some time telling me things i already new and had known for ages. it was funky (but the dumbest thing to do, in retrospect), sexy, enjoyable. his voice near my ear tickled a spot next to my spine and his hand on my back or shoulder or arm made me shiver. more drinks were had, and we moved to other topics and it was a bloody good enjoyable flirt, even though i committed another white lie by doing the required thing (at least past midnight in a bar, while consuming hard liquor) by lying about my age. oh, the sweet insanity of your teens. :) unfortunately, that very same night, my little white lies collapsed, at least the most important one, the one about me being part of the in-crowd. alex and i were still flirting, sitting close together at the bar, when melanie, a fellow wanna-be-in-crowd-member, suddenly disrupted us. i had never liked her, and she had never liked me, and as clever as she was, she had realised her chance to ruin my night. the conversation she stroke up started innocently enough, asking alex how training was going, but when he indicated he'd prefer to continue talking with me instead of her, she turned to me and asked something really ridicluous, i can't even remember what, but her question instantly showed alex that i knew her, knew the show, knew everyone else, and was at the bar to do just what i was doing with him there. oh, and it showed that i had not been honest to him. ouch. i bet melanie was quite happy about being able to so efficently ruin my evening. and my chances with alex. i can't remember how our flirt ended. i assume steffi, ilka and i fled because i was so embarrassed by my lies collapsing. at 14, i was brave enough to spend my nights at bars chatting up terribly attractive dancers, but not quick and sarcastic enough to not let someone like melanie ruin my flirts with those dancers. i ended up seeing alex at sam's a couple of more times, but never managed more than a hello. i saw him perform one time that following summer, too, and wondered, while seeing him on stage, how things might have developed had melanie not ruined my night, had i not uttered that first lie. moot thoughts. when i stopped hanging out at the theatre, and at sam's, when i deemed "trying to be part of the in-crowd" a waste of time, i lost touch with everyone. one day in 1998, i had already moved down south, 5 years after the nights at "sam's", i saw alex in a local magazine. he had just done his first movie, which was going to premier in my town the next night, with the director and actors and an open after-movie party. unfortunately, i was leaving town the next day and couldn't change my plans. and now alex is on tv, and reasonably successful, too. every time i recognize him (or his butt in tasteful sex scenes), it makes me happy for him. i sometimes wonder whether he'd remember me if we met now, whether he'd remember what it was like that one night when he was fresh from stage school and i was 14 and the little flirt who made a quick exit when her lies were uncovered. if i met you now, alex, i'd spare you a couple of drinks, wish you more roles, better roles, real cinema, and that your urlLink bio at imdb.com will one day contain a pic of yourself. and of your pretty butt, too.

 urlLink i hate marmite. urlLink i love marmite. i personally love it. can't say that aloud though when evan is around. so un-aussie to love marmite in his opinion (and mine, actually, too, but hey, there's a little bit of kiwi in me. like when i say "six" or "fish and chips"). but then i love vegemite, too. however, i was initiated into the world of yeast concentrate spreads in christchurch, on a late afternoon, on toast, with margarine. so how could i deny that? i didn't like it at first though. like my friend tic once so eloquently explained, years ago: "having vegemite (or marmite) for the first time is like sex for the first time. you don't really like it. and wonder what all the fuss is about. but the more you try it, the better it gets. and after a while, you just don't want to miss it anymore." while i didn't mind intercourse that much on first try (thanks, frank!), i can't say i loved marmite's first time. but i do like it now. yum. (link via urlLink nonharmful . thanks roel.)

 i'm exhausted and tired. both physically and mentally. just came back from the gym and it was disastrous. during the entire bodystyling class, i could not focus at all. my thoughts were running wild, my blood pressure was so low that i kept seeing blinking black and white stars, my blood sugar was so low that i couldn't even do crunches by the end of the class and i was terribly irritated. weird people in the class: everyone was ultra skinny, and the biazarre woman who always does everything differently (and always uses weights) stood right next to me, which made me go insane. i could not bear to exercise next to her. it felt like each kick of her skinny little legs (with the extra heavy weights) was a kick into my self-esteem. i feel terrible for being so judgemental about that woman. women should just not judge each other based on their bodies. that woman did nothing that would justify my anger towards her. but i'm angry, because i envy her. i envy her tiny kylie minogue like figure. i envy her flexibility. i envy her stamina. i envy the fact that because she is so skinny her range of movement is so much larger than mine. sometimes i still believe that i'd be happier/more popular/what have you were i skinnier. i should know better: i was just as unhappy when i was skinnier. no matter how hard i tried this afternoon, i could not stop comparing myself, could not get out of my competetive mindset. instead of looking at the progress i've made (like today being able to last throughout the horrible lunges, like the good feeling in my thighs), i kept staring at the other women in the class, and felt horrible: fat, jiggly, unfit, what have you. as a result, i felt terrible when the class was over. even though i was completely exhausted, i didn't have the usual "after-work-out-high" and felt dissatisfied, like i could have done more. i'll now go worship my body in an effort to reconnect and make peace with it. will spend the evening with an extensive manicure, pedicure, facial and a self-tanning session. maybe that'll help. - and prevent a similar nightmare at tomorrows bodystyling class. mantra for tonight: i feel good in my body. it is the vessel that carries my soul.

 shameless plug: urlLink the pepys project - a directory of weblogs, journals and diaries from around the world. have never seen that many high quality things when hitting a urlLink "random link" button as there. fabulous!

 urlLink Bep and I were pondering the evils of the urlLink ST boards on msn this morn, imagining the merge of "Ask A Sexpert" and "Relationships". Beppie says: You could make a horror film out of it. Caro says: would be the summer blockbuster Beppie says: Plz help mah bf stuck it in me & now mah frend sez he just use me but I think I pregnate, m I pregante if he didnt cum in me and duz dat mean he uzed me b/c he didnt cum. Mah frend sayz yea. Inspired by Gummy, we came to the conclucion, that the language & grammar in Ask A Sexpert are the result of an unholy get together of James Joyce, Judy Blume and e.e.cummings. he. :)

 Hop over to urlLink loobylu to hear about urlLink Hectic google searches & Dramatic scenes when one is phone candidate for a friend on "Who wants to be a millionaire?". Bummer.

 i think amazon wants to force a book on me. urlLink "atonement" by ian mcewan has seriously come up in the "Buy this book with this one today!" section each and every time i've checked for any book at amazon in the past two weeks. i will not buy it though. not because i don't expect to like it (i am so average that i like the recommendations amazon comes up with): i got atonement as a free publishers edition last week, (you know the books the publlishing houses send out to the bookshops before they are officially published. free for bookshops!), and so it's already waiting next to my bed until i'm done with bernhard schlink. so why don't you recommend something else, amazon? got your messsage. got the book. now shut up. thank you.

 since monday, when i got the job offer from my new law firm (need to come up with a nice cover name for them), i have not received any further eMails of any kind from any of the 15 law firms that still haven't replied to my applications. bizarrely enough, it was exactly the same two years ago: as soon as i got and had accepted the offer from the old firm as if the other firms knew , no one else contacted me. no rejections. no offers. just nothing in my mailbox regarding my job application. and now it's just like that again. no further rejections. no further offers. nothing. simply nothing. that fact makes me realise that it was the right decision to accept the job offer from the new firm straight out, - i had initally planned to wait for a few days before accepting, just in case something better came along . alas that didn't happen, and i doubt that it will. this absolute silence from the left-over firms makes me wonder whether they aren't seperate firms but one congolmerate of firms instead, all run by the devil in al pacino's body, sitting in his office on the top floor of the rialto, looking down on melbourne and tempting young lawyers to sell their souls. think urlLink the devil's advocate . or whether that conglomerate is run by a group of humans instead, who've fallen prey to the temptations of an assortment of demons. think urlLink wolfram & hart . as long as i'd get keanu as the devil's son or angel to my rescue, i wouldn't mind either that much, actually. he.

 urlLink My cat hates you. And my cat hates me, too. What a bloody awesome website. (via urlLink Hanne )



 it's like someone flipped a switch inside my head. it's gone, that unnaturally good mood i've been in since monday. instead my companions for the night are the usual well known self-hate & self-doubt. oh, and the worries are here, too. nice to see you all. i'm sick to my stomach, it hit me just as i was preparing dinner: i had to stop cooking right in the middle of it because i knew i couldn't get one bite down. i'm sitting paralysed in front of work that's due on monday, staring at it like a deer into the headlights. knowing that i blew it yet again. knowing i can't blame anybody but me. i am the faulty thing here. i want this to stop. i want to function. writing this, feeling this, shows that today's soul cleaning session missed its point just a wee bit. i only scratched the surfaces and still smiled and acted nice. that hurt more than it helped. last time chemicals helped. and now i wonder: is that the only path that will lead somewhere/anywhere?

 everyone seems to be leaving this city. i feel cheated. i always wanted to leave people behind, and be the one moving on. i never wanted to be left behind. but just that is happening. fritz, my dear over the courtyard neighbour has finally moved away completely. from my desk i can see the painters still working in his kitchen. now there won't be any late night calls anymore, calls for no reasons at all, just because he saw my lights on at 3am, on return from a party. no more nights out drinking till 5am. no more looking after each others flats. no more summer parties like the one we had last year, on my birthday. today's heavy rain reminded me of the first evening fritz and i went out, after a couple of weeks of smiling and waving from window to window. we had a couple of beers in the downstairs cafe, and it rained heavily, like today. i remembered the night we had some wine on my balcony, when i tricked him into showing me the tatoo ello and i had spotten from afar weeks before when lying on my balcony, while he was walking around his place half dressed. then there are all the people who i started uni with, who i'm not in touch with anymore. all the superficial friendships that marked my first 2 years here. i miss them in a strange way, not the meaninglessness, but the strange ease these friendships had. and now tina is moving away. to start anew and escape the german med testing system, she'll relocate to graz, austria. in my head, i know this decision is right for her. she needs the fresh start, the new chance. but still. it makes me sad to see her go. it will be a lot less funny, a lot lonelier, just a lot different without her. my best friend is moving away, and it feels terrible. we would have gone through a change in our friendship soon anyway. i'll be leaving soon, and move away a lot further then just graz. but still. i can't remember the exact first time we met. it must have been in the hallway or the elevator of the house we both lived in. we had both just started uni, i was sharing a flat with the flatmate from hell, she was living alone, next door. somehow, our chats in the hallway got longer. by our second semester, i had been invited to her birthday get-together. i remember how bad it went when i invited her to mine, she was sitting in a corner of my balcony, being bombarded by question from obscure friends of mine. somehow, from that second semester on, despite little desasters, we got really close. we started cooking a lot together, and tina dropped by almost every night, for talks about her day in the dissecting room over big bowls of rice pudding. i communicated more with her than with the flatmate from hell. when i got addicted to working out, she joined, too, and soon we'd have months of frantic joined gym going and months of joined laziness. soon after i had escaped the flat from hell, she moved out of that house, too, and while that meant the end to our late night eating sessions, our friendship grew. countless shopping sessions, cups of peppermint tea and whine and bitch sessions both at home, the gym or over the phone did the trick. tina always listened to me, and i listened to her. i've held pillows so that she could kick them. i set her up with a friend of evs. she organised the tv show for evan and me. she held my hand when i got my bellybutton pierced. we had a fab time and perfect new years in amsterdam kast year. we laugh when we both fail miserably at choreography during aerobics classes. we are both easily affected by advertisements and love shopping at dm together. we both do therapy, try to free ourselves from our parents and manage our degrees. while we have not shared every little detail with each other, we both know that we could, if we needed to. and now she's moving away. urlLink it's 47 days until i fly off to australia. and hence it's 47 days left that we'll be living in the same city. she'll be moving when i am away, so i can't even help packing, be at her goodbye party or wave goodbye. 47 days really isn't a lot. 47 days ago was april 20th. i can't remember just what i did that day, nothing written in my journal that day, but that week was anzac day, and i anxiously awaited the results from the fotie and made anzac biscuits. my brother moved to london that weekend. tina and i won't get much of a chance to spend time together these coming 47 days. our weekends are almost all full: there's my upcoming 5 year high school reunion and a visit to or by evan's dad. then it's my birthday on which tina will be away, then i'll be home to housesit yet again, then i'll be in london visiting my brother, then tina has exams, two weeks later i'll be at the tour de france, and three days later, i'll be on a plane. and that's that. it's scary. while i really can not wait for july 23rd to arrive because i can not wait to leave and see my boy, the fact that a phase of tina and my friendship is ending and that we can't even celebrate it because so much is already planned sucks muchly. i try to remind myself that change is normal. change is good. this big change for her is for the better. our friendship is good and strong and will survive this, just as it will survive my upcoming move to australia. but still. i'll miss her. terribly. every day. i hate feeling left behind.

 after my session with dr.k today, i walked right into a wild summer thunderstorm. it had started while we were closing the session. lighting and thunder interuppted my rants. as i walked out of his door, my clothes were dripping wet within less than 30 seconds. - it was like someone had out a bucket of water directly over my head. - like that one time when i stood in front row of a fury concert, wearing a white t-shirt. call it the involuntary wet t-shirt contest experience. as it didn't matter anymore anyway, i walked home slowly, and enjoyed the rain. it sounds very clich, but heavy rain and thunder and lightning in summer, even in the middle of the day, do something to me. they alert my senses and make my libido go wild. the rain was surprisingly warm, and fell heavily. water was gurgling down the walkways and into the little canals that are all over this city. i felt water drip through my hair and down my face, caressing me in unexpected ways. walking through town, walking through the rain, pretty much alone on the usually busy city center cobblestone roads, i felt a sudden urge to take off my clothes and feel the rain not only on my face and arms, but all over me. too bad i'm not that daring. or as manic as i sometimes feel.

 My urlLink Bloginality is urlLink ISFJ !

 unbelievable. wantonhussy.com is back. and all my things are still there. my day was fab before this. it's even better now. woohoo. urlLink heather , thank you so much.

 urlLink Careers at urlLink Wolfram & Hart If you offer us everything, well give you the world. Our unique peer-to-peer team development ensures that mutual respect and cooperation drive the firm forward. We pride ourselves on knowing where you are, and where youre going. If you join Wolfram & Hart you can expect your ideas and input to be encouraged and recognised, just as we appreciate individuals who put their spirit and soul into their work. The work we are engaged in is challenging at all levels and we take a pride in delivering high standards of service - both to our clients and to each other. Wolfram & Hart is committed to growth. Continued change is therefore a stimulating constant for everyone who works here. While we recognise that its impossible to meet all of our demands without sacrifice, we pride ourselves on being able to offer you a long future with us. After a week of looking at law firm websites, this is strangely eerie. Maybe my new firm isn't that good after all, but will be holding meetings with demons instead? Will I have to sell my soul on entry? (via urlLink feeling listless . thanks stuart!)

 anticipating rejection doesn't help that much when it finally arrives. i did get a rejection letter from "my" law firm last monday, which literally blew me off my feet and turned me into a self-injuring, crying little piece of nothing. the reason they gave for my rejection was quite obviously a blatant lie. insert a 48 hour self-bashing phase here. during that phase i somehow managed to drag myself to the computer, open ie and search out and apply to every single law firm in melbourne that urlLink google , urlLink cvmail and lawyer directories turned up. a week and 15 rejections later, i was offered -and today accepted- a position with a specialist ip firm that looks small enough to have decent work (no slavery!) but big enough to have interesting clients (fun!). from what i know so far, they have absolutely fantastic clients. big big international companies, big big media names. yihaa. when i first looked at the firm's website, I had this odd feeling that they might accept me. that vibe made me wonder for a minute whether i wanted to apply in the first place, made me wonder whether this wasn't too small a firm. but i did apply, and it turns out they sound just perfect. all is a whole lot better today than it was this time last week. the prospect of sitting around for 2 months, albeit in melbourne, doing nothing but wasting time (for lack of money to travel, and lack of desire to be away from ev) was so horrific that it made me panic. it would have been terribly for our relationship had i sat around all day, waiting for him to come home. but now it's going to be ok: i'll be working, and hopefully earning money. i'll be busy, commute every morn the short way downtown, get to wear my work suits, meet pals during my lunch break and sit in the sun having coffee. i'll come home when everyone else comes home, cook dinner and end the day with talks over tea with ev. it'll all be good. it's predictable again, but still exciting. terribly exciting. just 48 days to go. in other good news, evan's ex appears to be having a partner again, for the first time since he broke up with her because of me, in december 1999. i wished for her to find love again ever since, and strangely enough the feeling of happiness i feel now is much less relief about not having to worry about her insanity any longer (for some strange reason, sometime this past weekend i figured out that if he wanted to be with her, he wouldn't be with me. sounds simple, took years.), but indeed real happiness for her, even though i don't know her, even though she surely made my life difficult at times (or rather: because ev let her make his life difficult, our life difficult.). ev suggested that if things stay as good as they are (i.e. her being sane), we might even go on a double date with her and her new chap one fine day. i had that idea that very same second, too, but must admit that for the moment, seeing a photo of her -which i still haven't- would be more than enough for a start. no reason to hurry: took her more than two years to start not being totally irrational, so i reckon i can take some time to figure out whether i want to meet her in the first place, too. so it's all better. i might even get through my 5 year high school reunion, which is coming up next weekend. i still am not too sure whether going is the right thing to do, but i really do not want to miss out on meeting my now newly out friend martina and her partner, seeing my dear friend jane being 7 months pregnant, and meeting simon, who is apparently still suffering because i turned him down when he stood at my doorstep the morning after a wild drunken make out session during one of our graduation parties. i want to see some people again, but i really do not want to see the majority of my class. it'll most likely be a stressful night. trying to cover up my failures, trying to still be real and not too fake. i am already pondering as to what i should wear, it really is pretty childish and dumb. i should either not go, or be relaxed and go. but not be as worried as i currently am. session with dr.k tomorrow. that should help me bring some sense to it all.

 i'm happy, and nervous, and excited. my suitcase is closed (blessed be the manufacturers of samsonite suitcases, for making such spacious suitcases), everything is organised, all i got to do is change into my travel clothes, close the windows and my balcony door, and call a cab to the train station. i still have this surreal feeling: it all has been going so well these past days that i still fear that something terrible *has* to happen to ruin it all. yesterday -like sunday- was just perfect. worked out in the morning, met tina around noon and spend the rest of the day with her. it was lovely, our last day as galpals living in the same country. shopped for some more pressies (and found perfect stuff for evan's siblings) and went to the laundromat, where i did my laundry and where we partied a wee bit with dieter and marco (who let me do my washing for free, quite amazing), having champagne and fabulous real italian espresso and talking. will be strange to go there without tina. it won't quite be the same. finished the day with girly talk on the balcony and doing pedicures, and when we said goodbye, and hugged and kissed and she left, i started to feel what it will be like without her. this will be a different city. this will be a different life. her characteristic ringing at my door (3 short sharp rings) won't let me know it's her and make me open the door even if i didn't feel like seeing anyone. we won't be lying on the floor in bodystyling class anymore, laughing about the ridiculous excercises. we won't be finishing each others sentences every day, and understand each other with nothing but a sideways glance. i'll miss her, but understand why she's leaving and wish her nothing but the best for her re-start in austria. however, i really don't want to be gloomy. i'll be seeing evan in little more than 30 hours. i'll be on my way in little more than an hour. it's breathtakingly exciting. last night, i hardly slept: woke up at 3am, tried to sleep until 5am, until i decided that it wasn't going to work anyway, so i got up instead and started cleaning my kitchen and bathroom instead. that lack of sleep should help squash any flight induced insomnia. this morning, i was literally shaking with excitement and nervousness, but that has thankfully faded. i should be a pro. i should take this plane trip halfway round the world as easily as i take the train to go home; because my real home is where evan is, after all. but i just can't take it as easy: this is such a big thing, that i can't pretend i'm not as excited as i am. and good grace. am i excited. maybe more from singapore. otherwise: see you from melbourne. :)

 today. i am leaving today. it's past midnight. i am leaving today. today. unbelievable.

 on the last day of summer the sun came out to say goodbye on the last day of summer out in the shade here's lemonade and children sang, and doorbells rang and people went their way like nothing now could go wrongthe secrets shared and the times we cared when morning comes we'll all just float on out of here

 a one step inside doesn't mean you understand - the notwist believe in me - lenny kravitz mr.bojangles - robbie williams crush - dave matthews band you owe me nothing in return - alanis morissette private emotion - ricky martin hunting high and low - a-ha busride - alex lloyd manmade horse - something for kate secret - madonna b i'm a slave 4 u - britney spears no way no war (live) - tab two how can we hang on to a dream - tim hardin side - travis in our gun - gomez ultra violet (light my way)- u2 please forgive me - david gray all i need - air asleep in perfection - augie march heil mich - tex

 bye urlLink mary . will miss you around.

 i bought a urlLink cuckoo clock today. while this was -most likely- my first and last ever cuckoo clock purchase (i can't imagine ever having an interior design in a place where i live that could incorporate a classic cuckoo clock), it sure was fun. caught a train to urlLink titisee , the nearby tourist spot, which is the only city i know that has a shopping district, lined *only* with cuckoo clock & souvenir shops. next to heidelberg, roteburg ob der tauber and the hofbruhaus, titisee is a must on every europe-in-7-days bustour, the kind that american senior citizens love to do in summer, on which everyone seems to sport a uniform of khaki shorts, t-shirts & caps honoring their homestates & sneakers - and name tags at all times. so i entered the biggest and bestest and most renowned cuckoo clock store on titisee's cuckoo clock shop street (actually, the big store owns most of the small stores anyway, so it's fake fake fake, and all cuckoo clocks in town are created equal and cost the same), approached a salesman and announced my desire to purchase one, which sparked him to quick start his memorised cuckoo clock styles & technical differences speech (along the lines of urlLink this ), which was so enthusiastic that i had to stop him, tell him i already knew what kind of style i wanted (plain old traditional nutwood cuckoo clock with traditional "cuckoo parents & little cuckoo" carvings on the front, with a "cuckoo off" switch - you don't want the cuckoo to cuckoo althrough the night right?). the exact same guy had delived the exact same speech to me back in january, when on a little trip with evan, santa and john. he. the only decision which i needed help regarded the clockwork automatic: a one week one -which means you just have to rewind it once a week- would sure have been nice, but was both not affordable (40 more than a one day one), and would also have been way too heavy to carry home (those one week weights alone would have weighed in at 9 pounds), so i decided on a nice, plain, traditional one day automatic, made in germany. i hope it *is* as close to a traditional clock as i was assured it is. when i handed over my debit card, allowing the shop to deduct 78 from my stressed out account, a pang of worry struck me ( will this really be something evan's family will like? after all, his mother always said that she wanted one! ). it must have been quite obvious, as i got a reassuring chat from the salesman ( "australians love these" . now that wasn't a generalisation, was it?) with my well packed cuckoo clock, after a thorough instruction on how to set it up once i've handluggaged it to australia (there's a variety of preventative measurements in place to prevent the clock from cuckooing when being transported, and lots of styrofoam, too). should anything ever go wrong, within two years, there'll be free repairs at a clock shop in hawthorn, melbourne, victoria. shocking. that cuckoo clock shop has affiliate clock repairs all over the globe, literally, including at least one in every us state. that's true customers service, eh? i proudly carried my cuckoo clock through the cuckoo clock & souvenir shop street. noticed people -old americans in the aforementioned uniform- ogling my not exactly camouflage yellow bag saying "uhren brunner titisee" in huge bold arial in the hands of me, the almost hip young lady. on the train, i sat the clock on its own seat, and held tight to it, althrough the ride, worried about it sliding odd the seat, and now there's a cuckoo clock, still disassembled, in a dreamless sleep awaiting being brought to life in a living room 16.409 km away, in its little cardboard and styrofoam box, sitting in my room, the box still in the super sturdy yellow plastic bag . this is so kitschy a present (even in this very traditional, harmless form), i would have never shelled out that much money (and pardon me, this was one of the cheapest clocks around. i saw a us couple spend 300 on one today) for a present so very german, had i not been assured that this will actually be some sort of a wish come true for evan's mom. if that *is* the case, she should like this. it is as pretty as a cuckoo clock can be, i think. it's even "tasteful"! i am so worried about this. i so hope she and the rest of the family will like it. otherwise, at every cuckoo intervall, every 30 minutes, they'll be annoyed. and be reminded of the horrible person who brought that torturous clock into their house. me. oy. wouldn't make for a good start to my possible role as daughter in law, would it?

 urlLink friday five 1. Where were you born? dinslaken, germany. 2. If you still live there, where would you rather move to? If you don't live there, do you want to move back? Why or why not? i don't live there any more, but my parents do. and the fact it's just too small, too ugly, and too slow (and simply not melbourne, australia) make me never want to live there for a longer stretch of time ever again, 3. Where in the world do you feel the safest? i feel safe pretty much everywhere. this is europe. it *is* safe. the one place i would pick where i feel safest actually, is with evan. in bed. the place where i used to go for summer camps in the summers of my teens -an old 800 year old castle- runs in as a close second. 4. Do you feel you are well-traveled? more or less. i've been to many places, and on many continents. but i haven't stayed at many different destinations though, overall. while i like travelling and discovering new places, i prefer returning to a place i liked the first time around. i sure need to see the us and south america and asia, and get to know many places here in europe more in depth. 5. Where is the most interesting place you've been? i've been to many places that were interesting on many different levels. the nz westcoast was most interesting wildlife like. london is most interesting museum wise. amsterdam is most interesting location wise. berlin is most interesting politics wise. paris is most interesting french wise. melbourne is most interesting vibe & atmo wise. picking one would mean disregarding many.

 4 days in london = retail therapy at urlLink lush ( urlLink butterballs , urlLink creamed almond and coconut smoothie , urlLink buffy the backside slayer and urlLink sympathy for the skin ); ogling urlLink diana's gowns and various queen's wedding dresses at urlLink kensington palace (and chatting with a diana-crazed canadian lady, hilarious!), having my first ever evil-corporate-america-rules-the-globe urlLink frappucino ; a fine curry with my brother and his aussie colleague peter at urlLink preem in brick lane; cheapo shopping at urlLink muji ; hours at the urlLink tate modern , spend standing in amazement, with shivers down my spine, lumps in my throat and tears in my eyes, in the room with urlLink mark urlLink rothkos urlLink seagram murals ; laughing with my brother about annoying teenaged us tourists (why in all the world do americans always feel the urge to talk ?) while walking along portobello road; waking up at 5am in the lounge because of all the light, putting up the shades and sleepily watching planes fly in over london's skyline; in the longing for 250 &pounds to splurge on a corset at urlLink agent provocateur (the place with the hottest lingerie selling women on earth, all with marilyn monroe sex appeal. va-va-voom!) ; urlLink becky anderson and a still unidentified colleague of hers at the urlLink great eastern ; sitting in the sun & watching a fabulous young street performer at covent garden; urlLink a guided walk through east london in the footsteps of jack the ripper (resulting in freaked out waking up in the middle of the night, despite having two phones and a knife right next to the bed); the tube, which has never been the same since reading neil gaiman's neverwhere; a drunken night with my brother, his boss and colleagues at their urlLink local urlLink corney & barrow (absolutely no atmo whatsoever, that place. ugh.); having a urlLink mangoes & passionfruit urlLink innocent urlLink smoothie on my brothers balcony, in the sun, with a view of tower bridge.... and so much more. i had a lovely time, indeed.

 urlLink YO-YO! urlLink just like i predicted. am i a clever girl, or what?

 Back from London. Now at home with the parents until tomorrow. Busy at the shop. Busy getting my clothes clean, ironed and in order. Busy with more shopping. Am reading "The Power of NOW" which is an eye-opener, and better than any book of this kind that I've ever read. A week to go until I leave. A week until I see my boy. Shocking.

 urlLink "Daddy makes 'em suffer. In the Mountains." yo-yo!

 am on high shopping alert today. lot of fun, actually. started last night with almost 2 hours at waterstones, picking out books from their 3 for 2 special (got "atonement" by ian mcewan, "all families are psychotic" by douglas coupland and "the power of now" by eckkart tolle) spend the morning ogling the queen's and princess di's dresses at kensington palace, and then decided that i urgently needed some clothes, too. found a gown that i am more than tempted to get. aw. black, flowing, fabulous. and just 40, down from 160. i should get it. brother will give a second opinion though tomorrow, it really is pretty outragous and wild. also tried on corsets today. which is a pain, when you don't have a friend in the fitting room to help you, actually. tempted to buy one (actually not a full corset, got a special name, not that i know what that is, he) and a fitting string, too. lovely light see through material, with pink embrodery. very girly, 50's pinup. aw. so all is good today. will be going on a jack the ripper walk while brother is out screwing his new affair girl. the walk starts practically at our front door, so when i'm home by 10, i'll simply cook a nice meal and jump in the tub, together with all the products i just bought from lush. yum. that's a kind of stay in night i don't mind, even if there's london night life burstling outside. tomorrow will be wilder: going out with my brother and his really nice aussie colleague peter. should be fun, too. so it isn't that bad, this city thing. still a wee bit lonely. but it's nice, nonetheless.

 it's been fun so far, this city thing. a wee bit lonely though, too. been walking around lots, got way too drunk with my brothers colleagues and boss last night, been to the the tate modern twice already (nearly started crying upon walking into the mark rothko room yesterday afternoon, so intense was the physical sensation, quite strange), sat in the sun today and have -overall- had a good time so far, despite lots of strangeness on my brother's part. he is having an affair which isn't surprising and/or upsetting, but what is surprising and/or upsetting is that he'll be spening fridaynight with her, which will in turn mean that i have to cover for him in case his girlfriend calls. and even worse that i'll be sitting alone at home in london on a fridaynight. going out alone? can imagine better things, really. miss having a companion to tour the town with me, to discuss what i see, to share discoveries. sounds pretentious. but i am a wee bit lonely. which sucks. anyway. time at towr records almost up. time to get to waterstone's and submerge myself in books i want.

 i'm almost in london. today was hectic: shop stuff, blondification , shopping, packing, an hour long talk with my boy, more shop stuff, more shopping. am leaving bright and early tomorrow morning, my train to the airport runs at 7:14 am, my cheapo flight at 9:55. let's hope flight controllers are a bit more attentive over britain than over switzerland. really looking forward to the trip. fabian called last night, gave me instructions - again - on how to get to his office, told me about his colleagues birthday bar thing we'll go to tomorrow at 5, the clubs we should head to on the weekend and gave me instructions that seem to confirm my suspicion that he's already having an affair over there. wouldn't be a new thing. hate knowing (because i do like his girlfriend over here, after all, and get along well with her), hate not knowing (because i do think having a good bro-sis relationship means knowing these kind of things). oh well. no matter what, it shall be fun to be in london, and get to know the way he lives these days. i hope my noveau riche brother will spoil his poor student sister a wee bit. haven't made any definite plans yet, on how i'll spend my days. will probably just wander around (if the weather is not as bad as i fear it will be), go to the urlLink tate and see the freud exhibition, ogle corsets at urlLink agent provocateur (the boy asked me, when i told him about my recent shopping sprees, whether i had bought lingerie, too, which i actually haven't. not that he really wanted to talk about underwear, you know, he really doesn't care much about underwear, strange boy that he is, he just wanted to start talking about taking off any underwear i would be wearing. he.). will sure find some splendid ways to spend my time, me thinks. off to have a life for a change. back after the weekend, at the latest.

 the past three nights have been full of strangely vivid dreams. usually, i rarely remember my dreams. the only time in my life when i remembered them every morning was when i was on trycyclic anti-depressants, the dreams making up for all the other side-effects i experienced. the last three nights were filled with dreams as vivid and real as the drug induced ones and all made me not want to wake up. it's strange and enjoyable and entertaining to dream this way, at least for me. it's fun while it lasts (most of the time), and in the morning, its interesting to try to make sense of what my subconcious has been telling me, even though i don't believe that dreams are hidden messages at all. saturday night, i dreamt of my friend timm, who i haven't seen in ages and lost touch with, a dream that i wanted to last longer, because it was so good to have him there. last night, i dreamt of a strange collective i was living in, bizarre people and rituals, a dream that was thrilling. friday night, however, i dreamt of urlLink jack in a quite unexpected way. i dreamt of jack and me having sex. it was full blown detailed real dreaming, no conscious fantasizing here (which wouldn't be that startling, you know). i've dreamt about people i only know online in the past (wouldn't confess to this, if i didn't know i wasn't the only one), but this kind of dream sure was a first, especially because i rarely have superbly explicit sex dreams to start with. so the jack dream was strange on many levels: i knew it was him, just like you know these kinds of things when you're dreaming, and i heard his voice, which gave me that strange feeling right next to my spine that i usually get when someone talk seductively into my ear. i do have a slight aural fixation, ever since thorsten, i think. despite that, i rarely dream very aurally, so that was a new thing, too. strange to dream about a voice i've only heard a tiny wee bit of in a .wav. as much as the dream was arousing - we had intimate, wild, passionate sex-, as terrible did it feel "emotionally". while what happened in my dream felt pretty damn good (and good grace, please give me some safe sex award, i specifically dreamt of what condom & lube i chose from my safer sex tools drawer), i felt terribly guilty because of evan throughout the entire dream, a feeling that lasted well into my waking up. i suspect that that was actually the defining thing here. i have dreamt of sex with someone else since i've been with evan once before, and felt a similar guilt both within and after the dream back then, too. wonder why this dream came up though. part of it is probably my re-awakening libido, making her reappearance just in time to make the last 2 weeks before i get to see evan unbearable. another part of it is probably my behaviour in past relationships, when i always broke rules and arrangements and went astray, most of the time without being fair about it. never before have i ever rested as happily and content in monogamy as i have for these past years, when i just have not had the desire to get into anyone's pants but evan's. maybe this is my subcinscious working through past behaviour. other possible catalysts are reading siri hustvedt's "the enchantment of lily dahl" (lily's relationship with ed has given me flashbacks about frank, must be the artist/age disparate relationship thing), and watching urlLink intimacy (which wasn't arousing per se, but the stark, very real sex scenes had "something" about them, that affected me). but anyway. while a little sting of guilt is still there (even though i know it shouldn't be - this was beyond my control, after all, and i felt appropriatley guilty) it *was* very enjoyable, and memorable, and nice. just too bad jack didn't dream this, too. felt the strange urge to tell him, but trying to put it into words feels almost too personal, too lose for comfort, the way dreams are sometimes too personal, sex fantasies can be too personal for someone else to hear, the way sex can be extremely personal, if you want it to be that way. too bad he couldn't see what happened in his mind, too.

 like last year, urlLink the austin-american statesman tour de france 2002 coverage is a must in my online routine for the coming three weeks. urlLink bill lyon: hope and hint of the impossible "All those cancer patients out there, tethered to their chemotherapy drip poles, they watch him defeating mountains and storms, sprinting and climbing, riding holes through the wind, and he inspires in them a ferocity of will, rekindles and replenishes their spirit. And, in turn, he feels them, he says. And they motivate him. And vice versa." sounds cheesy and pretentious, but isn't too far off. when watching the time trial in my hometown two years ago, a group of cancer patients was standing near us, being still excited and cheering for lance because they had a chance to meet lance the previous night, like their t-shirts showed. he really is an inspiration to many, just check out his urlLink guestbook , which is full with testimonies on how his book "it's not about the bike" inspired other cancer victims. i know it influenced me, a healthy person, very much, too, and i remember buying it at melbourne airport, reading it on the imulse flight to sydney, reading it on alex's floor before falling asleep, and finishing it sitting on a rock in watson's bay, in the sun. urlLink lance rode exceptionally well on saturday, wearing yo-yo at the end of the prologue, which he and the team -understandibly- didn't defend yesterday. he'll wear it again, soon enough. just wait until the first mountains stage. my take is that he'll be wearing it continously from urlLink la mongie or urlLink plateau-de-beille to paris. :)

 urlLink Ullrich accepts results of positive drug test such an idiot.

 last night, i dreamt of urlLink jack . it was the kind of dream that made me feel rather guilty upon waking up. oops. :)

 it's the start of the tour today, urlLink the prologue in luxembourg, and i'm terribly annoyed about not being able to be there today. instead of standing by the side of the road in the rain, meeting funky people, catching funky merchandise from the caravane, enjoying the atmo, cheering lance and stuart and erik and everyone else, i'll let myself being yelled at by my grandma, and end up sitting in front of the telly alone as soon as tv coverage starts. bummer. am still excited though. i love the tour, the tactics, the cyclists, of this hardest sports event in the world, these three weeks of time trials, mountain stages, hors categorie mountains. i can't wait for the mont ventoux stage in two weeks. i can't wait for the time trials. i can't wait to see lance in urlLink yo-yo . it'll be a lot less exciting without urlLink jan ullrich there though, i think, and the doping news surrounding him right now don't exactly help the tour, either ( urlLink Cyclist Ullrich Faces Sack over Positive Dope Test ) first the dui crash after a night at kegan, knee problems (caused by wrong training, apparently) which made him announce he wouldn't be up for the tour, now amphetamines. urlLink Cyclist Ullrich's Dr. Discusses Case : "He has been going through a difficult time," Heinrich said. "For me, this isn't a sporting issue, it's a problem for Jan." even if he took some e recreationally (which really is the only thing making sense here, no point to take amphetamines as a cyclist, unless you're in the middle of a race - no point in taking amphetamines to give yourself the edge while in rehab), it quite simply means his career is over. it takes more to repeatedly win the tdf than the poor show he's been delivering these past few months. anyway. it's the start of the tour and i can't be there. bummer.

 urlLink Friday Five! on a Friday! 1. where are you right now? am sitting in the backoffice of my mother's bookshop, at a computer not connected to the net. oh shame. this computer and its contents are almost historic (pentium, win 95, 2 GB, 32 MB RAM). have been sitting here much of the afternoon, alternating writing eMails that i send off at the one computer that does connect with the net, with dealing with clients when the two employees working need further help. just sold a cooking book. - tried to convince the customer to take "happy days with the naked chef" which he deeemed to expensive though. bummer. will spend the rest of the afternoon altenraitng serving customers and typing stuff here, before i get to lock teh shop up at 6:30, count the money and take it home. 2. what have you lost recently? i rarely loose things, actually. the last thing i lost was probably my beloved pearl earring that just wasn't where i put it (i.e. my left earlobe) at the end of a hectic day in april. 3. what was the first CD you ever purchased? does that embarrass you now? the first cd i ever bought was rdelheim hartreim projekt: "direkt aus rdelheim", a german hip hop album. i bought it in october 1994 (even though i personally didn't own a cd player until 1997, quite shocking indeed, i have all u2 albums till 1997 as albums, including tons of fucking awesome bootlegs) at a cd shop in muenster, germany, and mainly because of one song "keine ist", which was "my" song with thorsten. had heard that song for the first time on a drunken "showdown" night in july that year, when i couldn't grasp why he'd play that kind of song for me, yet didn't want a relationship. the cd would be the soundtrack to many visits in muenster, a few dates & some sex with frank and a pretty terrible, aggressive night of sex with thorsten. so listening to that cd sparks many memories, hence i don't do that too often. it doesn't embarass me to own this cd, it's a pretty classic piece of german hiphop, and i still buy cds produced by the two guys who ran the rdelheim hartreim projekt. the first record that i bought was BROS first (and last?) album, that purchase took place in december 1988, and if i still had a record player, i'd prolly still listen to it occasionally, when drunk. he. 4. what is your favorite kind of writing pen? i'm a multi pen person. right now, i love the violet gel pen i bought. it smells like fake strawberries, and is the type of pen i owned 18 years ago. that aside, i like the ballpoint pen i got from swatch when i bought my watch: it's see-through and red, and has a heart with a tiny little lightbulp at the other end that lights up when you write. for good & important writing, my pelikan fountain pen, which i got as a pressie from my godmother when i graduated, is best. 5. what is your favorite ice cream flavor? bacio, pure and simple bourbon-vanilla and hagen dasz cookies & cream.

 things are better. they were already better last night, after reading evan's eMail. could still kick myself though. argh. would have so wanted to see gomez. argh. argh. argh. oh well. worst thing about this recent drama is that now my urge to check and re-check everything is at an all time high. ocd in full swing. last night when i arrived at home after closing up the shop, i had to drive back to the shop to check whether i had indeed locked the door. i couldn't remember whether i had done my usual door locking ritual (lock door twice, press down doorhandle three times while loudly saying "the door is locked" ). nice. also started insanely detailed to-do and pack-lists for my trip. i will indeed list every piece of clothing i intend to pack, otherwise i'll just shove my entire wardrobe into my suitcase (end up paying for excess luggage, take clothing i won't wear), forget presents for half the people who should get some or stuff i don't urgently need but still "need" (such as all the recipes i transcribed yesterday, advance bought tickets for the train ride, or i'll find myself in frankfurt early on a monday morning without money to buy a ticket home) bloody hell, i will not let that kind of slip happen again. that aside, things here are hectic. one of my mother's employees decided to call in sick today (and informed someone else -not me directly- that she'll be away well into next week), which left me and another employee trying to organize back-up. back-up that took the form of me this afternoon, and will be me tomorrow, too. nice. wanted to have a quiet day at home, doing some cleaning and washing and ironing, and instead it's hell in a handbasket at the shop. oh well. will have to do the housestuff later tonight then - my ocd hasn't kicked in regarding orderliness here yet, since wednesday, i've been terribly negligent regarding feeding myself & keeping things pretty and neat, i.e. i am overeating and haven't even bothered to put the empty marshmallow bags, oreo snack pack wrappers and empty pespsi max bottles into the bin. they are nicely displayed on the couch table, in a pretty array with my 12 year old gameboy, several books, my to-do lists and a variety of urlLink tour de france magazines. speaking about the latter, i will not get a chance to go to luxembourg to see the prologue tomorrow. it's breaking my heart, but with the current situation at the shop, there's no chance for me to get away for the entire day. plus i still don't feel quite fit enough for the long drive and all. instead, i'll work my bum off till 2pm and spend the afternoon at the summer party of my grandmother's nursery home. doesn't that sound terribly entertaining? will make sure though to be home by 5 when the tv coverage kicks in. sorry, i am horrible enough to choose the tdf over my grandma. yes. she's been in an pretty "wannabe-in-a-bad-mood"-mood today, did not say a nice word about the new dress i brought in for her and kept saying "no. no. no. no" and complaining about feeling sick, which is nothing but psychosomatic. both complaints are the pillars of her tried and tested method of getting attention. a few years back, when still in the middle of her prescription drug dependance, she spend a few months saying nothing but "no" and a few decades residing in her bed with a view of the main entrance of our house, ushering my grandpa basically was her private servant. when he died, her main feeling was "how did he dare leave me while i needed him". her doc diagnosed anything from rheumathoid arthritis to parkinson's and whatever else, and supplied her with all the meds she needed (indluding lots of diazepam). thing is, she never was "sick" in any way. when she was admitted for her drug dependance and all-round mental health issues, she was totally taken of all meds, lost tons of weight and sudednly had no more health problems to speak of. oh well. in any way, today when i didn't support her crappy behaviour but instead told her no, we'll go to the party tomorrow , and no, i didn't think your not going to your scheduled programme today was a good idea , and no, i won't stay any longer to be yelled at , she got all soft and wanted to talk and yadayadayada. i hate her being in a nursery home, i'd rather shoot myself before ever living in one while still fit in the head (and at almost 92, my grandma is surprisingly fit in the head, no dementia, nothing. no one knows how her brain got through all the morphine derivates, but it did, somehow), but i couldn't imagine having to care for her. i just could not and would not do it. it doesn't mean i don't love her, but her manipulative crap just makes me wild, which in turn makes me feel guilty, because after all, this is a 92 year old lady with massive bouts of agitated depression (she's scratched herself bloody, hit her head against the wall and the like, during and after her detox) and i should be accepting and understanding and loving, but i just can't be at all times. but i don't want to be, either. and the latter is pure revenge and hatred caused by how she raised my mother, how she always preferred my uncle to her, how she was always the egoistic empress of her household, how she doesn't listen, says hurtful things to me. which brings me to jonathan franzen's "the corrections", a book on a family not held together by love or compassion. i read it in just about 48 hours lasz weekend, that shows how fucking awesome that book is. some scenes hit very close to home, some descriptions and pictures were just perfectly crafted and captured and so vivid they hurt. by far one of the best books i've read in years. strongly discouraged my mother to read it, because if she's got any insight, it'll hit even closer to home for her. oh well. in any way, i'll be a good granddaughter tomorrow, take my gandma out to the party and leave by 5pm -hopefully still with my dignity intact- to recharge in front of the tv, revelling in the pleasure of seeing urlLink lance on a bike, hopefully wearing the yellow at the end of the day.

 i am standing in front of this stupid pc, crying, because evan send me the perfect email, the right words, as his reaction to the cryptric message regarding plane ticket & gomez that i left on his machine earlier today. "will your plane arrive later than expected? if so, don't stress. it's not tragic. sure it would have been nice to see gomez with you, but as long as you come, it really doesn't matter. I'd have to find a new birthday present for you, but a few hours in a large bed would suffice, wouldn't they?(...) love you, no matter whether you arrive at 6pm, 10pm or at 3am. most important thing is that you arrive, and arrive happy and whole. he's perfect, i tell you. second time i cry today because of what i feel for him. around noon, while driving from the diy store to the carpenter, urlLink "private emotion" by ricky martin came on at bfbs, the terrible song used as the soundtrack to our tv appearance, but i just couldn't help but think about how fucking awesome it is, that scene, the camera circling us while we kiss in that cinema, both of us really happy and beaming and evans hand ruffling my hair shining brightly in the camera light. :) i'm a lucky girl, and i just shouldn't forget how fabulous he is, my boy. how blessed i am to have him in my life and love him and be loved by him.

 shoot me, the wannabe globetrotter. or at least kick me real hard. or please, please teach me how to read plane tickets; how to figure out timezones and flights. packing up some of the important stuff for my trip (think visa, health insurance, ticket), i decided to take another look at my flight plan. which was a good idea really. should have done that weeks ago, and would have done that every day had the ticket & flight plan not been stored in a safe space at my parents place. looking at that printed plan, on green "kangaroo tours" (honest, that's the name of my travel agent) paper, i realized -instnatly in a panic, that i will indeed arrive at 5:50am, like initially thought. not at 5:50pm, as evan currently believes and as i believed until a few hours ago. that wouldn't be that tragic, were it not for the following: i arrive at 5:50am on the 25th. not at 5:50pm on the 24th. which means that i'll touch aussie ground a fucking 9 hours after the gomez concert i got tickets for from evan. fucking hell, i've done that down-under travel thing twice and still haven't figured out that day-losing thing?! how could i have been stupid enough to think i could leave germany in the evening of the 23rd and arrive in australia on the evening of the 24th and hence take just about 22 hours?! to everyone who can calculate a wee bit, a 20 hour flight (stop over time not included) plus 8 hours time difference make for more than 22 hours. fucking hell. i should wear the idiot cap and hide in a corner for the next week. am so so sad about missing out on ben ottwell. but am heartbroken that evan and i won't get to start our time together in the middle of a gomez concert, reliving the awesome concert two years ago. sure, it would have been hectic. it would have been stressful to worry about the plane being on time so i wouldn't be late for the cocnert. but fucking hell, i would have still gone to the concert. now how do i tell the toyboy to find someone else to use my birthday present with? :( have been unable to get hold of him today. and just do not feel like passing these news on via email. i've blown it. again. i wish i had some useful excuse, but i don't. it's just my stupidity, and inability. yup, the first flight plan i got was barely readable. but bloody hell, that new plan has been in my parents possesion for what - 6 weeks?- and i didn't check and triple check again? for once, i don't practice my usual obsessive compulsive behaviour and am quite happy about that, and that's when i blow it. see how fucking useless and stupid i am?

 I've been up since 4am, when I had to taxi my parents to the bus that'll take them and their friends to Italy. Now I'm not only still sick (even though the antibiotics and the ambroxol seem to finally kick in), in the middle of first day menstrual cramps, but also tired. And I'll have to spend much of the day working in the bookshop. Oh, and it's raining. Feel like cuddling up with a hot water bottle and a video and not leaving the house at all. Ack.

 urlLink Friday Five . It's only Monday, after all. When was the last time you... 1. ...sent a handwritten letter? the last time i wrote an extensive post card (which in my book is a quasi-letter) was when i fixed a package for my boy, in april. 2. ...baked something from scratch or made something by hand? the last time i baked was saturday night. i made a tin of fuckin awesome urlLink midnight brownies after a recipe from urlLink shauny and a self invented, terribly patriotic black-red-gold (sort off) striped marble cake for the world cupo BBQ. Strangely enough, the red stripes actually didn't taste all that bad. The last thing aesthetically pleasing thing i made by hand lately was probably packing some pressies for a friend of my mothers, two weeks ago. 3. ...camped in a tent? 14 years ago, at my goodbye trip from primary school in 1988. I'm not a big fan of tents. 4. ...volunteered your time to church, school, or community? I regularly volunteer at my local Planned parenthood, even though I had to significantly cut down my hours lately. I jkust am not in a position where I can afford to work for free, or at all besides school. And the atmo there has suffered immensely lately, too. Not a good place to volunteer at the moment, much too stressful. 5. ...helped a stranger? I regularly go up to lost looking tourists in the street asking whether I can help in any way, does that count? That aside, I am terribly kind and help women with strollers or old ladies on buses or the tram at all times.

 12 December 2002 CX288 Frankfurt 14:00 - Hong Kong 08:00+1 CX115 Hong Kong 19:25 - Melbourne 07:25+2 13 January 2003 CX104 Melbourne 14:55 - Hong Kong 21:00 CX289 Hong Kong 23:55 - Frankfurt 05:50+1

 Evan had his final ever med exam today. Hooray! His last exam patient ever was a poor chap: a 35 years old guy with diabetes that had damaged one of his eyes (and had made him go blind on that one) and his kidneys and had made him need a kidney transplant; he had lost his other eye in a fishing accident (and was hence almost completely blind); on tp of that, he was also an alcoholic dependent heroin smoker, severely depressed and suicidal (had attempted suicide a few weeks back) and had just now been hospitalised for an infection caused by the immunosuppresants he was on because of his kidney transplant. Duh. Quite a complicated case to get to know in an hour and discuss in about 15 minutes. - He was apparently quite helpful though, kept poiting Evan to things other docs always looked at and asked about, and overall, it must have been intresting, if a bit hectic and rushed. Am terribly proud of and happy for Evan. - He's worked very hard these past years, and it's strange that it's now done and over, that he'll get his results in three weeks, find out about his hospital for his intern year, get registered and then -in January- start working as a real doctor. What a shock. So very grown up and real. :) So good that he now gets some time off first. He truly deserves it. Wish I could empty some bottles of champagne with him today and have some lovely, drunk celebratory doctor & nurses games with my very own Dr.Toyboy. He. :)

 urlLink Friday Five! 1. How many TVs do you have in your home? One. 2. On average, how much TV do you watch in a week? Hard to tell. Probably about 20 or so, as I have the telly running when I do housework, cook, am online, eat alone, etc, etc. I rarely really *watch* (as in: do nothing else), only during the holy hour of the week, when Buffy is on. 3. Do you feel that television is bad for young children? Depends on the amount, the kind of show, and whether it is unsupervised or not. Some TV, carefully selected, supervised and discussed with parents, and levelled with other activities (sports, reading, arts, music) can not harm. Unsupervised "parking of the kids in front of the TV" for hours, however, can be harmful, IMHO. I know some families who do not have TV connection (but a VCR) at home, and that's a concept I find quite intrigeuing. 4. What TV shows do you absolutely HAVE to watch, and if you miss them, you're heartbroken? Buffy and Angel. Twin Peaks re-runs, and episodes of "7th Heaven" that I haven't seen yet. 5. If you had the power to create your own television network, what would your line-up look like? Unbiased news, Buffy, Angel, Twin Peaks, BBC health documentaries and lots of artsy european movies.

 fab news today: a friend of mine from melbourne got engaged to his girlfriend last weekend, they plan to get married next june am extremely and utterly happy for them, they are such a close, connected, loving couple, it's breathtaking. always makes me happy to see people like them commit to each other, being sure they have met their life partner. got a bit sad though, because of these news this afternoon, quite suddenly, and pondered why that happened. it's easy: i want to be with the one person who i feel is my life partner, too, and want that right now. not in a few months, or next year. feel disconnected and alone, and hate working in the bookshop, and being alone in this big dark house with the cat who hates me. got enough money from the shop that i could afford to head to the airport tonight. it't tempting. would mean though, that i'd never have any contact with my family ever again, which -as much as i sometimes dislike them- would probably make me need a few more years of therapy. duh.

 i miss tina. it's been three days back in this now tina-less town, and i just don't like it. we've been talking tons, long phone calls every day, and chats via messenger, but that's hardly a substitute for friendship facetime. have no idea how i am going to get through life here without her around, without going to the gym together, doing our washing at dieter's, shopping at dm, wasting time when we should be studying by watching th heaven and sharing cups of tea. she's even more lonely in her new town, in the far east of austria, in a flat with an odd flatmate, writing sad stories about loneliness. i wish we could somehow merge our lives again. there's just no substitute for your best friend. hmph.

 We made love for an album Everything went quiet at once So good to be lying Happy and sane in your arms I don't care what they do 'Cause being here with you Is news to me Tell everybody The lights are back on We made civic art Under a streetlight Something for the drivers tonight Monday's my Sunday I don't have a thing to do But try and get up While it's still light Dearheart, How I've been everywhere "the lights are back on" ~the whitlams~

 so where should i start? impossible to jot down all that happened in the past 2 1/2 months. i'm speechless, i guess. somehow saying that it was "perfect with ev, fabulous at work, and a great time overall" says nothing at all, even though all that *is* true. and then: what should i talk about anyway? i spend time with the man i know is my lifepartner & soulmate (excuse the clichs), i had a fab job with a fab boutique intellectual property firm, i fell in love with melbourne again and again and again, i met with friends, did power lunches, ogled real estate with evan, went on dates with him, went to the footie most weekends, cooked meals for the family, was happy and loved and having a life. it was simple. it was normal. it was right. that is "all" that happened, even though all that is big news in my book. there are few news about rings, promises and weddings, no tales of exciting travel (i dismissed all initial plans, for the place i felt i wanted to be was melbourne, and melbourne alone), a few bad news about money needed for uni, but surprisingly good news regarding immigration. it's propably the simplicity and normalcy of the life i had in melbourne that makes it so difficult to talk or write about. there is little that seems interesting enough for an outside person, whereas for me and evan, that normalcy has been the great outcome os this. the fact we got along as perfectly as we did after the usual fit-in time, the way we managed to work through a few issues, make plans for the future, work and study full time yet make time for ourselves and fall into rituals that make us both feel connected - that has been the fabulous, fabulous realisation of this whole trip. it's what we hoped would happen, and it happened. and it was even better than expected. that's the little big news of it all. i've been this speechless ever since coming back. no one has wanted to hear much about my time away so far, and it's all still tied up inside me, not having been reflected upon. it's not written down anywhere yet, and i feel like i have to, to make it last and to hold on to it. feels very odd. i've been back for a week and a half, and in a way it feels like years since i left melbourne. it was the same the other way round: arriving at evans place, i felt like i had been away for a week or two, not two years. the two months felt like a century to me, yet passed by in a flash. blame it on aforementioned normalcy. did i miss journaling? i did. a little. but there was just no time for it. life was busy - quite strange considering how few extraordinay things happened. work took up lots of time, the evenings were filled with homey things, family dinners and dates with the boy, the weekends taken up my runs in the morning, hours over the papers, evans work and his studygroup and my strolling through melbourne with jasmine, a gal i met on a tourbus in singapore. as if that wasn't enough, i was extremely tired much of the time, falling asleep as soon as i sat down in front of urlLink mda (no, not caused by jason donovan, i *wanted* to watch that show, so hilariously funny, so much wrong wrong wrong med and law) or friday night footie. i suspect something is actually wrong with my thyroid (hypothyroidism) - tiredness, memory trouble, slight weight gain, being cold, gi trouble, odd periods, hair loss and whatever other symptoms i have, all point to this. to top this off, my entire family has thyroid issues, too (my father had hypothyroidism, my ma and grandma hyperthyroidism), and now i have an appointment with my doc next monday to clear this up. so now i am back in germany, and all i want is finish up my stuff and get back to my boy and melbourne. it's weird to be here. this city feels empty, tina is gone, and the work i thought i'd have before the semester isn't there - i could have stayed 2 weeks longer. duh. no that there isn't enough study to be done anyway. have been avoiding it so far though, am sick and crampy and tired, the contents of my suitcase are all in a big pile in the middle of my room. need to clean this flat, sort my wardrobe, tidy up. weird, how a flat can get dusty while noone is there. need to pick myself up, live in the now, be active. the usual. doesn't help that i can almost count down the days until i fly back, for yet another interim stay before it's finally final. will be in oz for 4 weeks over christmas, evan and i will share the cost of the ticket. there'll be no work, no study, just lots of free time and together time, summer, christmas in merimbula, house hunting for his place down by the beach in ocean grove. i'll book next week. hooray.

 back in germany since last week. this is so not where i want to be.

 thanksgiving join urlLink halcyon and his urlLink grandpa caleb (i hope to one day rest in myself, the world and my beliefs as much as this "90 year old student of life" does) urlLink http://www.livejournal.com/talkread.bml?journal=halcyonstyn&itemid=86951">at 9:30am eastern tomorrow, for a virtual thanksgiving grace . i wish i could join in. i need to remember that there are so many things in my life i can be thankful for, in this week that brought the urlLink news of nils' death . unfortunately, i will be on a train then, heading north, sending virtual hugs their way, however, being in the now and thankful for many things.

 i exorcised some more demons of the past today and threw away a 3ft stack of old cosmos. every bit that i've thrown away these past days has made me feel better. dropping my old clothes into the clothes donation box today, i literally felt a weight falling from my shoulders, knowing someone would wear my clothes and be warmed this winter by the really neat, thick benetton lambswool jumpers i did not feel like wearing anymore. owing less stuff makes me feel free.

 i've been busy - urlLink working out , studying, urlLink working off my to do list , getting ready to leave for a weekend with the parents on thursday. am quite looking forward to the weekend actually (which is strange in itself), am getting my hair cut (at least a tiny little bit) & highlighted on friday, will do all my holiday (in both the going away and the christmassy sense) shopping and trip to ikea, and on sunday, my dad's choir has their annual advent concert, which i am looking forward to because i'll miss out on their singing on christmas, after all. that aside, i am surprisingly calm about leaving in just about urlLink 15 days , apart from my stressedoutness about all the things i still have to do to prepare for my trip, christmas and my houseguests. somehow, i just haven't realised yet, that i am almost there again, i guess. it's not that i am not excited, or not looking forward to being with evan and in melbourne again. - i am longing for evan, for being with him, having free time with him, summer and moving and everything else. - but i am still calm. strange. i guess part of it is the fact that it still feels like i have just returned. maybe it's also because this is the shortest time that evan and i have been apart between visits - just little more than 2 months. another reason is that i still -as always- have the feeling that something, anything is going to happen that will prevent me from going after all. - and then there is all the work that's still between me and leaving: all that cleaning up and sorting and packing and whatever else. i spend a chunk of the afternoon in my cellar, cleaning up and throwing things out, and sorting clothing i haven't worn in a while. will drag a whole big blue ikea bag full of stuff to the clothing collection place to donate it. makes me feel good: it's decent clothing after all, just stuff that i don't want anymore, not stuff that is inherently ugly, bad or old, and i am happy someone else will be able to enjoy it soon. only downside to all this cleaning is that i am all itchy from the dust, and have been for the last few days of digging between my shelves. need a shower, quite urgently. that much for now. am quite braindead from all this stuff that needs to be done... maybe it wasn't such a good idea to offer these houseguests to be here while i am not. but then, saying no wasn't an option either, considering this is my future bosses' wife & kids (and hey, they really *are* terribly lovely). still am a tad worried. all needs to be super tidy and nice. need to remember to move sextoys from current living space in the top drawer of my chest of drawers. anyway. little more than 2 weeks from now, i'll be in melbourne. so much planned already, family christmas party on the day that i arrive, cricket on the next day, moving, going to merimbula, roatripping along the great ocean road (finally!), lots of lovin' ...with all this ahead, i am sure i'll get excited soon enough. :) he.

 i realised that i still hold the childlike belief that no one that i know and care about will ever die. death scares me. the finality of it scares me. the shock about nils being dead is still there, even though i am starting to grasp it. i wish i had a belief, a religion, anything that would give me rituals to do, prayers to say, just something to do to mark his passing. heather mentioned that this is not only difficult because i found out about this in such an impersonal way, but also because all markings of mourning, a funeral, a memorial service (if something like that was held in the first place) passed without me. when stephan died, 8 years ago (i had to calculate this, it seems like a century, he would have been 27 today - what would he have been doing? would he have had a partner? kids? what kind of job?), the mourning with our friends, the rituals, the mass, the funeral, the wake, as horrible as they were, as little as i remember specifics, helped. now nils is dead and i missed it all, missed the news, missed the mourning. i feel guilty. we lost touch because we were never directly connected. i knew him through didi. all i ever was for him was didi's girlfriend. - and that was ok. their friendship had been longstanding and firm, and i wasn't important in that context. it was clear that no matter whether i would stay with didi or not, their friendship would remain and have precedence over my knowing of n. an ex-girlfriend had once tried to utilise their friendship, and had failed. i remember being excited about meeting nils. for the first time. there had been lots of built-up prior to it, didi. had told me so many stories about him, about their adventures during their civil service at the bird watching station on fehmarn, about sharing a tiny flat in hamburg's st.georg district. didi. loved him, to the point of idolisation sometimes. nils was a lot that didi wasn't, and it showed sometimes, that he wanted to measure up. didi always said that the one man he could love was nils. yes, this comment made me wish for a threesome that never happened. he. when i finally met him for the first time, it was at the backyard office of the publishing house he and his two mates had started a while back. i think didi was about to leave for his four month research trip to brasil, and wanted to say goodbye, i can't quite remember. what i do remember though, is that nils and i, we liked each other. i was majorly attracted to him (and felt guilty about that, too). - but how could one not be attracted to him? he was tall and beautiful in a casual sort of way. he was easygoing and smart and daring and grande in his thoughts. he'd put on his smartest suit, ring the doorbell of hamburg's most exclusive private banks and after presenting an immaculately designed financial concept, leave with a loan in hand. once he travelled to namibia to convince a german authour living there to let him publish his autobiography about living in the namib desert during wwii. he was living the high life, often in debt, but he didn't care. was he reliable? for his mates - always. he was always there for didi when he needed him, but in other regards, he was reckless: driving too fast, driving when drunk, which i found intolerable, unless i was so drunk i couldn't reject his offers of driving us somewhere. nils was a firm believer that things would always work out somehow. and as long as i knew him, they always did. that first time we met, he gave me a book they were co-distributing, a book called tiger by indonesian authour mochtar lubis, which i liked because of it's unusual imagery, so far removed from anything european i had ever read. every time we met, we'd talk about books and music and he'd recommend stuff and i'd borrow it from him, sometimes trite stuff, like a biography on billy joel. we clicked through books. the last time we met, he made me a copy of serge gainsbourgs "coleur cafe", which i took down here, played to my then best friend, and for weeks, we'd be singing and dancing to that tape, and just that tape alone. this past friday night i put it on again, singing along, swaying my hips during "cha cha cha du loup" and mourning with serge during "les armours perdues". the last time we met was a in march or april 1999, my relationship with didi would last another month and then slowly dwindle to an end. that night, didi and i met nils at the publishing house again, tripped to his tiny (almost straight out of wallpaper) flat on elbchaussee after stopping at the petrol station to buy wine, listened to serge gainsbourg, and smoked and drank and talked. by then, he was already planning his move out of the publishing house, wanting to start up something alone, possibly distributing rare maps for bookshops, in the long run wanting to live in the carribean with his partner. later that night, we went go to a tiny italian bar in st.pauli where nils was welcomed by the maitre'd like a long lost son. as usual, all heads turned towards him as he entered the place. we spend the night working through several bottles of excellent red, ate pasta and smoked terrible amounts (back then, i still smoked) and talked. nils wrote his email addie on a coaster - i looked for it yesterday, but couldn't find it. for once, the hoarder in me did not keep something but must have thrown it away some time ago. that night, when we were done with the smoking and drinking, nils decided he had to drive didi and me home, to the opposite end of town, totally not his direction. yes, this was irresponsible and stupid on all our parts. it must have been past 2am when we arrived at home, i think, and didi and i just fell into bed, drunk and exhausted. nils, however, didn't get much sleep that night, because a few hundred metres from didi's house, he was caught by a booze bus, his car seized, his licence taken (and quite rightly so, never any excuses for drunk driving, ever), and he spend several hours at the nearby police station before he was allowed to go. he spend like 150 marks on a taxi back to his place, several hundred on the fine, the re-test, transport for his licence-less time. late the next day, he gave us a call to tell us what happened, but wasn't angry at all. we asked him why he hadn't just come to our place when he was released by the police, but he hadn't wanted to wake us up. geez. nils neither held a grudge about this nor accepted the money we offered to cover parts of the fine or a public transport ticket for the time he was license-less. after my relationship with didi broke up, i never heard of nils again. no wonder, i wasn't even talking to didi, and hadn't heard anything directly from him until this past summer, when i emailed him from melbourne, sparked by a conversation with a mutual friend, who said he hadn't heard from him in years, either. and now nils is dead. i always thought i'd hear from him again in some way, cross paths with him. i always thought he would succeed, always expected him to make headlines one day. - i never thought i would never see him again. i had checked on him online a good long while ago, maybe 2 years or so, checking the website of the publishing house, discovering that he had indeed left completely by then. and now i will -most likely- never see him again. i should know, life ends, we'll all die, eventually. one moment people are there, the next they are not. but i just can't handle it. it scares me, nils's death. not just because he, one of most beautiful people who ever crossed my paths, smart, intelligent, friendly, is gone, but also because knowing so little details makes this very sudden. i don't know anything (yet) that might explain his death, might offer resolution, might relieve my fear and sudden realisation that anyone i know can die, despite their young age, anytime, just because. did he have some undiscovered heart problems? myocarditis? had he been taking drugs? of course i know that everyone i love might die, car crashes, diseases, they take the young. but still. no one should have a heart attack at 28. this morning, while working out (of all things) my thoughts started to turn to nils's death, to the process of dying. what was it like for him? did he have time to think "so this is dying" ? was he scared? had he had any symptoms before it? any warning signs? i hope it went by quickly, i hope he wasn't in pain, i hope he wasn't too scared, i hope he wasn't alone. i hope nils transitioned to a place as beautiful as his new found home on st.lucia. i remember having similar thoughts with stephan, who died in his sleep. he had had nightly convulsions in the past and had told me he never noticed them until the next morning, when he was exhausted and had usually bitten his tongue or lips. somehow, knowing that he hadn't felt these attacks in the past gave me hope he wasn't in pain or conscious when he died, ironically enough while he was wearing a 24-hour ecg that - had he had it earlier- might have helped in discovering the underlying reasons for his disease & death. i hope life isn't just over, which i -in my agnostic moments- sometimes think. i hope there is something good afterwards, of whatever kind. what a waste it would be if there wasn't, if all the beauty and intelligence and love that stephan and nils had just evaporated into nothing, leaving nothing but a faint imprint in the hearts and souls of those who knew them. but then - even if there is nothing afterwards - of course the imprints both of them left are far from faint. but still. one day everyone who remembers them, remembers how shy and humble and loyal stephan was, or everyone who remembers nils, his beauty, his intelligence, his abilities, will be gone, too. i wish i could believe, trust, rely on knowing nothing, no one, no one's memory was ever lost. but i can't.

 the pain is still acute. just beneath the surface. tidying up, and throwing out, and de-cluttering, and cleaning up has helped in keeping my mind occupied though, and has been satisfying, too. however, i realised that i am de-personalising my flat for my upcoming visitors, and that's strange in itself, even though i like this clutter-less-ness. quite freeing. but still so much work to do... but above all, some mourning, too.

 les amours perdues ~serge gainsbourg~ les amours perdues ne se retrouvent plus et les amants delaisses peuvent toujours chercher les amours perdues ne sont pas loin pourtant car les amants delaisses ne peuvent oublier tous les serments de cur tous les serments damour tous les serre-moi serre-moi dans tes bras mon amour on saimera toujours toujours toujours toujours toujours toujours tou... les amours perdues ne se retrouvent plus et les amants delaisses peuvent toujours chercher mes amours perdues hantent toujours mes nuits et dans des bras inconnus je veux trouver loubli toi tu maimeras je ne te croirai pas tout reviendra comme au jour de mes premieres amours tous les serments de cur tous les serments damour tous les serre-moi serre-moi dans tes bras mon amour on saimera toujours toujours toujours toujours toujours toujours tou... les amours perdues ne se retrouvent plus et les amants delaisses peuvent toujours chercher

 i have been cleaning up for much of the afternoon, sorting through my drawers and assorted papers, throwing lots of stuff away. this place needs to be in shape when my houseguests arrive, and toning down on stuff now will mean less work when i leave in a few months. i stumbled upon the catalogue of a publishing house that friends of my ex-boyfriend ran. mastermind behind the publishing house was nils, civil service mate of my ex, extremely smart, beautiful, talented, reckless, living the high life. i wondered how he is, haven't been in much contact with my ex since we split up in mid 1999, and hence hadn't heard anything about nils, either, and now that i got online i thought i'd type his name into google (you know, like i often do with people), just to see what he's been up to. and the first hit is a memorial page for nils. he died last december, 12 days before his 29th birthday, from a heart attack. it is him, too, not someone with the same name. there's a picture of him, as strikingly beautiful as i remember him, sitting on a beach, the wind ruffling his hair. i am terribly sad.

 in other news: my recent obsession with the past has reached new heights (or lows, depending on the definition), yet again. the book i ordered because i wondered whether he might be in there was indeed one hell of a good guess. it arrived at my moms shop today, she saw the title, called me and asked whether he was in there, and when i said i didn't know, she looked it up, and there he was, or rather, that piece on and a drawing of him, and my mom got all excited and started reading it to me. i told her to stop reading it to me, that i wanted to do that myself, and could she please remember urlLink not to tell his mother that i've been succesfully searching him out , yet again, when she comes into the shop to finally pick up that book she recently ordered? he. knowing her, i am sure she'll spill it, no matter how much she tries not to, simply because she'll be so excited about it next time his mother's there.

 i need a good slapping. well deserved, because i disregarded one of my basic rules regarding health & beauty and will pay for it the next few days with pain and ugliness. ouch.

 to do list for the next three weeks general: make sure tuition will be paid in january (tell mom, email her details) write blogstuff for world aids day, put on disc get new cosmetics bag transfer addresses to new address book ask mom to get shoes left at home to repair place get little something for gisela birthday present for fabian bring book dust brush from home clean up computer let go of hope to finish nanowrimo flat: cellar: clean & tidy up, sort boxes & throw away everything not needed in past 12 months cellar: sort through old clothing and either give to charity or throw away main room: throw away plant main room - shelves: sort through "mail" & "food" box main room - shelves: tidy up, put old folders that are not needed into cleaned cellar, re-organize books, put things not urgently needed orderly in cellar (including old printer), throw away old mags , decrease clutter (and put plush condom away). goal: nothing, no books on the floor under the shelves or next to the bed main room - shelves: get cardboard sorters for magazines & paper stuff, ideally one coloured and with metal tags for identification (ikea) main room -shelves: find solution for cd's & tapes. boxes from ikea? main room - shelves: find solution for photos. boxes from ikea? main room - wardrobe: measure size & check with size of foldable clothes organizer at ikea main room - desk: tidy up drawers 1, 2, 3, 4, throw away free postcards that i will never use, declutter top of desk, clean up letter holder. goal: no stack of books and things on side of desk! main room - desk: re-organize magnetframe, change photos main room - set of drawers: clean up clutter spot figure out solution (ikea?) kitchen - cupboard: go through cupboard, check best before dates, throw out old things, re-stock basics, wash out cupboard, wash all dishes & glasses, tidy up top shelf kitchen - foodshelf: go through, check best before dates, throw out, clean & re-organize. put tools not needed either into cellar or throw away kitchen - bookshelf: wipe and re-organize kitchen - fridge: wash and throw out things in freezer kitchen - cupboard under sink: clean up & find solution for more tidiness kitchen - water heater: wipe off, reorganize stuff on there, possibly tone down significantly bathroom: general cleaning, washing of all tiles bathorom: clear and sanitize sinks bathroom: decrease stack of magazines by the loo by at least half. either throw away or sort in sorters in main room bathroom: have toilet repaired entire flat: wash windows, hoover floors, sponge wash floors (bring cleaner from home) balcony: sweep & wash floor balcony: buy green stuff in early december take curtains down & home to wash australia: get tourist visa (take passport home, copy, fax to travel agent) get clothes: bikini, hat, tanktops, shorts, skirt, light dress, light pants, strapless bra, light bra (plain, little or no padding, thin straps, any colour) get new isic at travel agents prepare files to take along get rail & fly ticket for january organise for mail to be collected tentatively plan meetings with people call cathay pacific to find out about visa, departure tax for hong kong get information for hong kong from tourist info trip into town possible. money from atms there. material to be mailed. meet linnie! check travel health insurance. valid despite being used already this year ? yes. uni: get small law book throw out outdated law books re-sort law books (schoenfelder ergaenzungsband, sartorius), get new drig get new cards christmas: christmas presents for: mom - christian dior "dolce vita" dad - golf (video?) fabian - cosmetics? cordula - fitness stuff (bottle? towel?) cordula's mom - tea & something evan - cd , p, c,s&t ann - pretty pen (?) & folder (?), calender for kitchen (freiburg) grant - thermal pot for coffee in the car (purchase in oz?) gareth - something to wear (?) (size m?) emily - framed photo, frame from ikea duncan - h&m poster (call ad company) kirsty - sth. from h&m, such as a small bag or top (size small) nanna & grandpa - small smokeman/cuckoo clock? grandma & grandpa - small smokeman/cuckoo clock? aunt & uncle + 2 kids (both young) "stollen" & small thing from christmas market aunt (& remarried uncle) & 2 kids (one young, one teenage) tina - sth. from australia - the usual suspects & thing for car. he. jasmin boss & family - "stollen" & small thing from christmas market (illuminated house?) max - toy sort christmas cards i still have and throw all away that i will never use make list of people who should get cards make sure to have all addresses, if necessary: eMail enquiry score stamps at the shop houseguests: prepare guide to flat, city, black forest, alsace, add set of housekeys and remember to take to australia get extra shower gel, shampoo, soap print little signs for heaters, water heater remember to get inflatable mattress, wash sleeping bag and bring extra duvet from home wash & iron extra sheets (must smell nice&fresh!) ikea: frame for emily's present frames for misc. photos (bstone-team,nz,evan) three additional plates (one large, one deep, one small) cd & tape boxes - 153 tapes, 141 cds (need storage for 160 each) measurements of clothes organizer - width 30/height 110/depth 34 -will fit. mag & paper folders solution for clutter spot - bowl? christmas wrapping paper & small cards salt & pepper thingies tiny tree? woah. one busy three weeks, i'd say. won't start all that cleaning up until tomorrow though. that way, i can totally surround myself with chaos & sorting & cleaning until monday. oy.

 urlLink embarrassing? very much so. looks like the prejudice most europeans hold aren't that far off, after all. no surprises here. ( urlLink take the test here . yes, i got 20/20, thank you very much.)

 In other news: they are filming a TV movie in my courtyard today. Or rather, in one of the clubs that is in my courtyard. Big film trucks everywhere. Funky.

 evan found out about his intern placement today: he got the place at the hospital he wanted to be at. his soon-to-be-housemate suzy got her place there, too. the letter they send him today was the first ever addressed to "Dr." Evan. :) it's getting real, this transition into the workforce, adulthood, responsibility, moving out. i am so excited for and proud of him, if a little worried because it will take even more work for us to stay connected and happy and well through this time of change. but we'll be alright, i am sure. this is the first step of so many changes happening in the next year or so: his being an intern, my graduating, my emigration. it's scary, but exciting, and needed. i am so ready for us to move closer. how can anything not be alright when i'll be there in urlLink 21 days to be part of the change? :)

 yet another reason why i wish i were in melbourne already: urlLink The Buffyverse: A Symposium on Buffy the Vampire Slayer November 21, 9.30am to 6pm Prince Phillip Theatre, Architecture Building Melbourne University

 i dreamt of you last night. what in all the world were you doing there, in my head, at night? it was a strange dream i had there, you visited me at my parents house, and we talked and i tried to impress you, like i've always tried, tried to get you to tell me what you've been up to, but alas, you didn't react to the prompts i gave you, like you've ignored them in the past, too. strangely enough, you went into the garden to meet some people i've never met, but who i knew to be (you know how it is in dreams, there are some things one just knows) your new writing fellows, who i know you all secretly thought to be a bunch of thinking too much, taking themselves too serious idiots. the earth began to shake as i was in a light filled room facing the garden, watching you and your new mates, all wearing "we're all such literary genius" 1970's style clothing, standing around an old alfa romeo, talking, and i crouched on the floor, trying to protect myself from falling wall parts, and i worried about being injured and thought you'd all be safe outside. and then i slowly woke up, all the while wishing the dream would continue so that i could go out into the garden to talk to you further, because i knew you'd be leaving with them, soon. but i woke up. and for a moment i was indeed happy to have seen you again. so tell me, what the hell was that about?

 urlLink you think too much someone actually told me that a few years ago. am still not sure whether he was right. i just remember that hearing that hurt.

 my favourite spelling mistake at urlLink the scarleteen boards (and i am sure i have mentioned it before): masterbate - it's what the masters do.

 last night, already in bed, ready to sleep, i zapped into a lovely documentary on urlLink armistead maupin and his muchly beloved urlLink tales of the city . it was fabulous. not only is he a charming, smart man, who writes awesome books, but the docu was well made, too, with little over-voiced readings that perfectly captured what makes these books and their characters so lovable. among other things,a camera followed maupin to some tales locations, and now i finally know what the urlLink marina safeway and the come clean center really look like. he. :) i indeed have to visit san francisco at least once in my life. the nicest thing, however, about the whole thing was that armistead talked about michael "mouse" tolliver, who is -for me- the most lovable character of the series. he spoke about people thanking him that he had not written any follow up to "sure of you", because that would have meant a mouse-less book, because he sure must have died of aids by then. - just my worries, indeed. - i remember reading urlLink the night listener , looking for clues how mouse was (maupin often cross-references between books, and there were some tales people in the night listener). - but there were none there. but alas, maupin pointed out: mouse is not dead. he went on explaining that as mouse got infected around the same time his former partner terry anderson got infected, and as terry is -thanks to the combination therapy and luck, i take- still alive and well, he thinks mouse is still alive, too. so mouse and anderson are both part of that small club of long-term survivors. which is fabulous. for some reason, that made me very very happy. i fell asleep listening to my tales cd.

 "I always said Achtung Baby was the sound of four men chopping down The Joshua Tree." he. urlLink rolling stone: bono's scrapbook . awesome commentary & photography, both well-known and never seen before for me. well-known: i have had urlLink bono in his bathrobe playing the guitar on my wall of my room at my parent's for the past 10 years or so, and knowing the story behind it makes it even better. never seen before: urlLink bono & frank sinatra . wow. (via urlLink u2log )

 and, good grace, i can not get over the brilliance of the lyrics to the urlLink long sought after song ich weiss das tor ist verschlossen aber lass eine tr fr mich offen ein schild auf dem steht "achtung vorsicht! gut behandeln, inhalt zerbrechlich" wowie. back then, he had locked the gate, with neither an open door nor a warning sign for me in sight.

 urlLink rocko schamoni will be in town next weekend. i'd like to go see him, actually, but there's no one who'd come along... hmph. should i go alone?

 thanks to phil, who runs urlLink ttensuppe experience , my day improved by a few hundred percent this afternoon. gracious person that he is, he provided me with an mp3 of "die waffe" by nationalgalerie, which has been running non stop on my winamp ever since the download was complete. now let me explain why this leaves me all excited and emotional (which is not solely due to the alcohol consumed at the laundromat today). i've been looking for this song for years, remembering it faintly, never being able to find it online, the cd long unavailable in the shops, the one person i was sure owned the cd not exactly the person i would ever approach to ask for a tape. until this afternoon, i had only ever heard the song -at least consciously- once before, at a party in august 1994, totte's 19th birthday party, a week or so after our friend stephan's funeral, which had taken place at totte's actual birthday. it was a strange party, that one. how can you party when someone you've spend your entire summer with had just been buried? how can you party when there are so many things that had been left unsaid? we, our summer group of friends, tried, but we couldn't really, if i remember it correctly. i remember that totte had purchased the cheapest beer available for the party, partly to discourage party crasher turning up for free booze. it was indeed horrible beer ( urlLink "oettinger" ), yet it served the purpose: we got drunk, somewhow. i also remember that hardly anyone danced that night, in the disco cellar of the youth center of our church, where i would have my "almost 18" goodbye party before leaving to new zealand roughly two years later, too. i remember having to leave relatively early, that night, not that i remember why. so i went downstairs, to where totte and his friend volker had been playing their kind of music - to hardly anyone in the room all night, to say goodbye. almost everyone had sat upstairs, drinking, talking casually about nothing in particular, eating the fabulous vegetarian food totte had provided. i had just wanted to say goodbye, but when i came into the dj booth to do just that, totte told me to just stay for one more song, and that's when he put on nationalgalerie's "die waffe". i had listened to their album urlLink "indiana" for much of the summer, not getting "ruhe vor dem sturm" out of my head, so i instantly recognised niels frevert's voice, and we danced and jumped around, totte and me, just the two of us, quite wildly, too, him singing along to the song, that august night in the downstairs disco of the youth centre. when the song was over, it was time for me to say goodbye, and i said goodbye, and we hugged, for the first time since the day we had found out about stephan's death, i think, holding on to each other for several minutes, him telling me to stay longer. i can still remember what it felt like, that hug. so much had been upside down and inside out in the previous months and weeks and days, and the only thing i felt like was holding on to him and what i felt for him. i was still all head over heels in love with him, still thought it would all work out in the end, somehow. which it didn't. how good you rarely know these things in advance. we rested, the two of us, in this hug, as we did every time we touched each other, which we didn't on a regular basis from a certain point on, always asking the other whether it was okay to hug, always my defences breaking down when we agreed, often attempting to kiss him, which we would't do again until the night of his accident a few weeks later. looking back, knowing that he is sorry he backed out of this, it seems to me as if we were holding on to each other back then hoping to preserve the moment to change it. we weren't together, after all. if both hoping that we were. and now i am listening to the song again, for the first time in more than 8 years. i am well aware that part of my response to this song is due to the anticipation, to the searching out and tracking down and to my cyclic melancholic looking back on my first love ever. it's good to have the song now. i can reclaim it as a part of my memories of that summer, i can enjoy it and listen to it, and dance and be sad and happy and let it go, once i feel like doing so. meeting totte two years ago and talking about our relationship and hearing that he wished it had been different enabled me to make peace with the way things had been and not constantly ponder we could have been so good together anymore. once my anger about the things that migth have been had subsided, i could accept and let go of it a little more. and now this awesome, energetic, passionate song is just one more way of remembering what was that night, that summer, and of course it's a way to remember what could have been, too. but it's just that, the trigger to some good memories and some bad memories, a damn good song. it's nothing that throws me off the rails into hours of sadness and wonder about how stupid and young i was at 16. the song is too good to ruin it by attaching bad, sad memories to it. after all, the feeling i had that night at the party, despite stephan's death just days before, was too good, too. sure, i was terribly and utterly devastated, but this party was, in a way, our way to reclaim a sense of normalcy after the mourning and burying. and i was in love, head over heels, and for the first time for real, i felt safe with totte and i was hopeful and positive about what would develop. all in a way that's only possible the first time it ever happens. and that's something i really don't want to forget. ever. "die waffe" ~nationalgalerie~ hier nimm diese waffe von mir ein geschenk von deinem bruder soll auf ewig glck dir bringen deine ssse liebe verteidigen fr nen mann im park und die netten jungs von nebenan fr papa wenn er nachts in dein zimmer kommt und mama nicht weiss was sie sagen soll nimm diese waffe von mir diesen ring dieses lied diese waffe von mir nimm diese waffe von mir es geht stndig klicker klick und der alptraum meldet sich zurck ssse liebe so dunkel die nacht schweissgebadet neben mir aufgewacht ich weiss das tor ist verschlossen aber lass eine tr fr mich offen ein schild auf dem steht "achtung vorsicht! gut behandeln, inhalt zerbrechlich" nimm diese waffe von mir diesen ring dieses lied diese waffe von mir nimm diese waffe von mir diesen mit liebe geladenen revolver fr die die rcksicht nehmen die sich allergrsste mhe geben fr den einen der da gerade neben dir liegt und jede menge kluger ratschlge gibt nimm diese waffe von mir diesen ring dieses lied diese waffe von mir nimm diese waffe von mir diesen mit liebe geladenen revolver

 urlLink The Motherfucking Friday Five (because urlLink heather is away) 1. Fuckin A, it's Friday finally. Whatcha drinkin, cause we all know you are a slobbering lush. free champagne from dieter & karl-heinz at the laundromat. friday is going down smoothly, let the weekend in. 2. Are ya gettin any this weekend? Who's the lucky bastard? yes. the lucky bastard is my beloved trusty yellow urlLink gigolo . 3. Tell Heather you fucking love her in a creative way. Watch your tongue and be nice, or I will hunt you down and cut it out of your filthy mouth. heather. die friday five sind ein klasse zeitvertreib jede woche. hoffe du hast eine gute zeit away. 4. Think these questions are fluff? Go fuck yourself. For the rest of you, what's the best fucking movie you've ever seen? [I mean, the best movie, not the best movie with fucking in it, unless you wanna share that too.] i can not possibly pick just one: the lord of the rings. austinpowers: goldmember. the piano. boys don't cry. the virgin suicides. frau zwei sucht happyend. memento. as to film with fucking/best mainstream movie sex scene: the oscar goes to the nicely lit sex scene in meet joe black. wow. 5. So what the fuck are you doing this weekend? fold my laundry. do some ironing. workout for at least 5 hours. shop for food. make a mixtape for running. write several thousand words of my novel. sleep. eat. miss my partner. study a little.

 it's noon, i am at the laundromat, and tipsy, moving on intoxicated. yay for free champagne. it's almost the weekend, after all, eh?

 urlLink You Should Star in Bondage Porn! Yawn! Regular sex is so boring. How can normal people even cum? urlLink What Porn Should *You* Star In? urlLink More Great Quizzes from Quiz Diva

 nanowrimo desire for detail: i am checking out my carefully encarta selected -and most important- urlLink main novel location online . no this is not procrastination, this is needed! (at least i try to tell myself that it is and that it will help me in somehow reaching 50.000)

