 is returning today......hmm thats all I can say P.s. All of you get ur butts over here and post something!!

 I just saw the most descusting outfit ever, I wanted to gag.... what is wrong with people these days?... they think these clothes are cute but they are butt ugly! so ya, that is my random thing of the day, o ya and I am bleeding again, o! and im getting sandals... yay!, any ideas of what kind??

 *tear*, I want to go out side and never come back in.... it is suuuuch a lovely night out there... but I don't want to be alone... well I could go knock on my neighbors door and see if his cousin is there...lol hehe maybe not well im gonna go ~jo

 No one has posted in a really long time!!! I feel it is my sworn duty to do something about this, but I'm not sure what to do!! So for now I'll just make another random post! I just found out today that I have freckles!!! That is the most terrifying thing ever!!! I've never had freckles before!!! I'm going to go screaming into the night now, so please post, so that I don't have to babble on like this again!!!! Au Revoir

 Wow, I just remembered what my nightmare was about!! Someone let Dianna from school post on our blog!! I don't know what my sub-concious was thinking to make me have a dream like that, but it was terrifying!! And all she posted about was how cool she was and how obsessed with Nate Bjur she was!!! Wow, I'm scarying myself all over again!!!! Ahhhhhhhhhhh........ Au Revoir

 I finally talked to Katie!!! Wow, it's really hard being separated from my twin for such a long time!! It's going to be dreadful when we got off to college!! Oh well, what is really sad is that all she talked about was Nicholas! She's more obsessed than we ever thought!!! Ooooo, and Abby's coming soooooon!!!! Au Revoir

 Hola, no mucho aqui, yo muy aburrido. ok done with espanol... I am sooo bored... any idea of what I could do to occupy my self? ~jo

 I think it's broken, though. So sad. I remember the day I got it. 5/7 of my family was on vacation and we were staying in a hotel in this little hickish town called Mariposa. My parents and sister went for a walk around town and looked at the little shops and when they came back they brought many treasures back with them - one being my preciousss and another being the location of a store that sold Drumsticks. Yum. Oh, right. Getting off topic... my parents had wanted to buy me this ring cause of the Relient K song. I had put it on one of the many tapes I had made for the trip and they loved it. So, when they saw the mood ring sitting on the shop counter, they thought of me. How grand is that? When they saw a symbol of moodiness, they thought of me =P I forget my point for sharing this delightful tale but hey, it's summer and it's not like I've got anything better to do that share pointless stories. Thank you and good day.

 Wow, I just had a grand time at youth group! Well not my youth group, but yeah, it was quite entertaining! Oh and Laura I decided to wear my cool new polo from Nordstrom, it's blue and pretty! So yeah, ummm that tis all for now! Go sticky rice!! Au Revoir

 Its seems odd that the smplest thing in the world could be the most tasty. Sticky rice is like my all time favorite food. (that and lemon grass soup!) I had it on monday night and it was reaaaallllllly good! Yum yum! I could eat it all day!

 i love target!! my mommy is going to take me today!! yay! i am going to try to get her to buy me lunch too because she was going too because my team was going out to eat, but i did not want to because there is no one there that i can really hang out with except for meagan and she found out about it too late. i am out!

 A lot of people are coming to my house today!! Karsen can't come though because she got pink eye. Waaa. :( We are going to sleep in a tent and stare at the stars! How exciting. :)

 I didn't get invited to LAURA'S TOMORROW! ;) I did, however, invite myself up in August. But y'all already knew that. I was talking to Ethan today, telling him about it and I think I scared him with my excitedness. =D I'm good at that. Scaring people I mean. Heh, Tommy makes me laugh. I love that boy. (random enough for you?)

 That is sooo sick!.. he is oging out with an 8th grader!? that is just wrong... he is a junior.. ew... ya ok well I went to the river today.. but I was so uncomfertable, I was in a short blackj skirt and a hater top.. so ya now I am at my mom's house and 2morrow im going to lauras.. but u guys know that..lol ur going to... see all u guys there 2morrow! luv ysa!

 haha guess what ryan clark just told me. LOL! nate bjur is going out with an 8th grader!!!! aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahahahahaha! i couldn't stop laughing! i guess he's going out with brittany burk or something like that??? hahahaha i think that is SO funny!

 Actually, it's my grandma's birthday as well so she's coming over for dinner. Amberly's spaghetti and meatballs are on the menu. YUM! Right now I'm eating (or sucking on) one of those huge jawbreakers. I LOVE THEM! It'll be fun to eat it while I'm reading The Three Musketeers... That sounds nice. I'm off! =P

 Popsicles r the best thing invented for the summer... hehe, I bet I have already had a dozen of them, o well. like 20 minutes ago me and my sis went down to the schools..lol ya at 9:30 and we were being crazy, I kept getting scared of the musquito's coming after me..lol hey it was scary.. then I fell off something.. now that was scary, I was high up and I slipped off, o well.. so ya then we went home singing songs... o wow, my allergy's are really killing me, I can barely breath *sniiiiiff*.. nope my sniffer is dead... gosh darn it well I better go ~jo P.s. rose wants to get on this thing

 "Wrinkles? Get a faith lift!" Isn't that the greatest thing you have ever heard!?!?!?! I got a kick out of it. And to top it off, it was on a church in a small town named Roy!! I don't really know why that's funny, but I think it is! Au Revoir

 Jo, we don't need a shout box when we have these spiffy comment things!!! *woot* *woot* Wow. It is so stinking hot. Whenever I go outside I like start dying and have to go back in. :) I have a really funky tan! Its hard to explain..but its cool! I'm out like a light! Laura

 We need a shout box thing in here... or something.... *gasp!* kt's not here to hear this, I am actually going to church 2morrow..lol... so ya I have to get up early, dang it.... hmm well today was very boring.. and right now there is a bunch of old people having a party like behind our house, they are noisy..lol they were all yelling " HI FRED!"... o dear, get me out of here

 I'm too bloody hot!... it's not even 90 yet... o well, ya today is very boring, my summer is gonna be soooo boring this year.. all my friends are else where.. hmm ya my sister in law and brother are here with the 2 nephews... u know whats weird?... even they can tell I have been a lil down lately, I never said anythign, they can just tell... hmm oddness, well im gonna go buh bye

 I'm here in the middle of sunny middle of nowhere!!! Wahooo!! Ummm I'm so proud of myself I'm wearing a dress today!! It showcases my farmer's tan perfectly!! Well that tis all I can think of today except that I'm super de duper excited about Monday!! Au Revoir

 Hahah! Great posts guys!! Thats cool about your french braids Sara! I think braces messed up my balance. I can't sleep in anymore!!! I used to stay up till 11 and wake up at eleven but now I stay up till eleven and wake up at 8..it's sad! They still hurt. Waa! Hopefully they will stop hurting SOOON!!!! :) I get to go shopping in Portland today!!! Wahooooo!! I am going to get a new swim suit! *woot* *woot* If I get one I wil take a photo..but not of me in it..just the swim suit. :)

 Look at me!... I have had 4 pops, I am eating benadryl and taking pizza!...lol or is that eating pizza and taking benadryl?.. ah who cares!... im gonna get drousy soon any ways..lol I better go b4 I fall asleep

 MY ALLERGIES ARE BUGGING ME TOO JO!! i dislike allergies with the fire of a thousand suns. sorry, i was just in a posting mood and thought i would share that with you all because i know you would want to know! ;)

 i can finally french braid my own hair!! i am so happy! hey, you said to post random things laura. anyway here's proof from my very own digital camera! ok, so it is a little big and kind of inside out, but hey! it's a start. wow, reading that through sounded dumber than it did in my head. oh well! ~Sara p.s. i couldn't get it small no matter how hard i tried, sorry guys.

 Ugh!.. today is not my day, my allergies are making me feel so sick, plus the weather is not helping.. I a very exhausted today, and weak... so ya, not so good... hm right now I am listening to my "Hate" music... thats what i listen to when I don't feel lie being all happy..lol, hmm.. dunno what to say, im gonna go update the other blog

 it finally worked! the invitation i mean. so, i am here too. Sara

 Things to do when your bored don't have cabel! 1. Read 2. Write a story 3. Make cookies! 4. Draw a picture 5. Go pick flowers 6. Go for a jog around your neighborhood 7. Write a letter to a friend 8. Sing songs 9.Make a movie! 10.Eat peperjack cheese!

 heather don't forget to call nick back today.... and why am I remingind you to do this any way?... why did he call, I know he called me but that was for a diff reason.... what did he want? hmm not much goin on today, im going to a river/lake thingy... byt ya im gonna go I am brain dead and can't think of anything to say ~jo

 Wahoo!! I just got back from a concert, it was sooo much fun!! I got a lot of exercise too! So I'm extremely hyper, and it's just crazy!! Ooo, and I got a water bottle that the drummer from Blink-182 drank out of!! Not that I even like that band, but the fact that I have the water bottle is very very cool!!! Will someone remind me to call Nick back tomorrow?!?! I'm totally going to forget!! Au Revoir

 The orthodontist gave me this huge list of what I can't do..here it is: Crisp fruits and vegtables: Do not bite into. Cut into bite size peices and chew with back teeth. Fruits with pits: Do not bite into. Break or cut to remove pit, cut into bite size peices. Corn-on-the-cob: Do not bite into. Cut corn off the cob. Crust: Do not bite into. Break or cut into bite size peices. Chips and tacos: Do not bite into. Subsitiute patato chips or flour tortillas Meat with bones: Do not bite off the bone. Cut meat from the bone Sticky candy: Do not chew. Soda: Rinse with water after drinking. Ice: Do not chew. Popcorn: Do not eat. Gum: Do not chew. Wow. If I cut everything into bite size peices its gonna take SO long to eat!

 I got my braces on today. I look like a cross between a rabies infested rabiit and a dog. Its great! Haha. Good thing its summer so no one will have to see me. Except for all the church people. But they don't matter. I decided to get the clear braces and from far away you cant even tell I have braces. But then if your, at most, 3 feet away you can totally see them. Oh well. I can't wiat till I get them off. I h ave two years. I decided I am going to do EVERYTHING they tell me. I am sure everyone says that but then stops doing it after they have had their braces for awhile. But, I am gonna do it! I will update you on how it goes. :)

 This is really snazzy! We can have LOTS of fun here. :)

 Ugh! I hate allergies... I feel like im sick.. but im not!... hmm well kt is gone.. so ya and um I just got out of the shower, and spenser is over.. AGAIN!.. I think he has been over eveyr day of the week now.... o well.. ok well im gonna go.. that was my random post for today.. have fun readin the rest!

 Mimi, is Heather just to let you know, that's what Annie calls me.

 This was a brilliant idea Laura!! I laid out in the pretty weather and got a sunburn on my legs!! I hope it's gone by tomorrow since I'm going to a concert!! My random thing for today is that I'm going to go paintballing with Nick, Garrett, and Katie this summer!!! Can't ya'll just see me with a paintball gun. Yeah it's a pretty funny picture!! Au Revoir

 I know its kinda lame to make a post all about the weather, but its beautiful!!!! Its SO awesome at night to just sit outside under the stars and smell the fresh air. Tonight at about 10 I went on an adventure outside! It was sitll like 70 degrees. It was awesome. I was going to go write poetry but it was so dark I couldn' even see my paper. Haha. Bu is still beauuuuttttiful! :)

 hahahaha you guys should see my yard! it looks terrible! it's hilarious. it's just a bunch of dirt and some trees here and there...oh yeah and some tree trunks! i really should take a picture.

 lol.. im sorry I had to write in this again... this is like the coolest idea of the day... can't wait till a lot of people join... look at the pretty sky... I want to go out there and watch the stars, I bet they are pretty... it is the perfect weather too... ok um... Hi every one who reads this!... ok i gonna go now bye!

 I wrote this poem in December when I was pretty depressed. It doens't have a name, but thats ok! Every step I take I fall back three I never get it right I guess it wasn’t meant to be I wanna be like you I wanna serve you But I feel I can’t Its just so hard. I try I get up again But then I fall Fall back down. Theres nothing good in me Its all you. This life this heart I give it up Please, do somethign good with it I am stuck in this whirl wind Or should I call it atronado. It never stops. It just keeps swirling around round and round I’m ina prison without bars I can’t escape I try but the force is to strong I want to be loved I wanna be held

 Hello!, I just joined this hting... it is soo cool, Laura u think of the best ideas.... ok my random thing for today...lol I went on a bike ride and chased 2 bunny's!!.. it was great fun! ~jo

 This is my/our new blog. See, I thought it would be fun if I could get tons of cool people to post about random things. If you would like to be on the posting team, just e-mail me at shinymonkey56@hotmail.com.

 I MISS LAURA AND KARSEN AND EMILY! It's all quite disturbing. Reasons? No IMing with Laura. No IMing with Emily. No blog updates from Laura. No blog updates fromKarsen. No emails from Laura. No visitors on Fus. No chats with a bunch of Washington people. I tell ya... it's a lot to have to deal with. I'm glad they'll all be home soon.

 This is great, I feel really dumb about not posting on here! I sort of forgot about it! Oh well so here's my meaningless post about absolutely nothing except my lack of memory! Anyways, I'm off to continue my conversation with Garrett! Au Revoir

 Hey all of you!... I got a new address for my blog ( not that any of u visit this site much), but any way... my new blog is tiger1688.blogspot.com &nbsp;luv ya'll





 I'm posting, Jo!! So do tell about what change sucks, m'kay? I have to go practice The Middle and Long Train Running. Those songs have been giving me trouble...

 change sux!!.... I wish I could say why, I will explain l8r... not like any one is writing in this any way

 Some body write in this!.. I was the last person to write in this... twice..... it's ur turn, besides I have no life and I need something to do.... it is so freakin boring here

 HI! School today was..well interesting. I have decided that Tricia's famous saying "boys are bad God is good" Is REALLLY true. These guys named Eric and Evan sit behin dme in Spanish and they were all talking about how today was a good day because the first thing they saw was a buncha girls in tight pants....:O Then they were talking about how hot cheerleaders are. *Sigh* When will the one come for me? I keep thinking that SOME day God will put the perfect guy in my life so loves me for WHO I am not if I look good in tight pants. It feels like I will never find the one. Today I went to rowing. I GOT TO GO WITH THE NEWBIES! Oooh my goodness! It was so much fun! I was like the best person in the boat so I got to stroke. It was so sitnkin cool.. I was with the fun newbies too. We sang "Row, Row, Row, the Boat," had a joke contest, and talked about random stuff. It was soo much fun! When we were lifting the boat out of the water Emily's glasssed fell of and INTO the water! :O It was badd....I do not know th eoutcome of the situation though cuz I had to leave early. Today these construction peoples came to our house to dig a huge hole in our yard and they CUT THE WATER PIPE. So we didn't have any water till like a half an hour ago. I couldn't use the bathroom and I had to go realllllllllly bad. It was not fun. So we went out to eat cuz my mom couldn't cook. It was greta. We went to Baha Fresh and I got enchaladas. YUM! Then we went straight to youth group. Youth group was so much fun tonight! Its good to have a break from life and focus on God. After, we went to the christian book store and I got my brand spankin NEW Thousand foot Krutch CD!!! YAY! You should get it tooo. Uh oh. My mom is making me leave. EEPs! BYE! I love YOU! :D ~Laurinaaaaa~

 Hi! SO. Last night I went to sleep at 9:30-ish. I had a really cool dream. I dreamed that Davis switched schools and goes to CAM now. I also dreamed about eating pizza, which I get to eat at lunch today in 6 hours 14 minutes. :) I am hunnnnngry! I had so many dreams last night! I also dreamd that I got lost in the jungle while I wasa at camp. Hahhaha. Now It is 6:17 AM! AH! I am sooo tired! Today I go to crew pratice afterschool till 5:30 then I get to go to the chirstian book store and buy the BRAND SPANKIN NEW THOUSAND FOOT KRUTCH CD! (Ya'll should buy it tooo!!!!) After that I will go home and eat a dinnner thaat my mumsy will prepare for me then I go to church. Church is fun on Tuesday nights. Its called In Focus and we sing worship songs and read the bible. :) Song of the Day Phonomenon By: Thousand Foot Krutch (of their new cd!!!! :P ) Word of the Day! Hunky Dory!!!! Randomnesssss (This is my FAVORITE part!) I want foood! I am hungry I am wearing my brothers fleece vest because it is SOOOOOOO cold in here! I am the only one up. Other peeople should wake up...its kinda late *shrugs* I must go eat food. Uh oh...someone is up! I must be going.. BYEEEEEEE! You rock! ~Laura Bora~

 HI everyone! I just got back from hip-hop. hahha...I am sucha failure. i can't dance for the life of me! :P We had to learn this weirdo whack thing where we did the "you rock" sign that you always do at concerts and this weirdo foot thing...yeah ;) Its hard to explain! It was great fun though!!!! Then we picked up my brother from Boy Scouts and we had a hugggge argument about how Superchick is good. haha...he thinks they stink, I do not. My dad yelled. So now my mom has a bunch of people over for her book club so I have to be supper super quite.. My dad is making me go to bed in FIVE MINUTES. He totally does not get it. I thinnk I will stay down here and type to you... :) So. How is life? My life is goood. ~Random Thoughts~ I like Superchick My family is stuuuupid I love my cat. His name is Olive I like olives They are tastttttty :D yumm Uh oh. I think my dad is coming own the stairs to make me leave. AHHH! My ya''ll! You rock. Thanks for reading :) ~Laura Fantora~

 OK, I am back! Hahha... I put the forks n the wrong side and I forgot napkins. OOPS! Anywhahhozers...Taylor and I wrote poems all day about our love for Kentucky. It was sooooo much fun!!! Then we gave them to Marc who HATES kentucky. Mwa hahah....Then he threw them in the TRASHH!!! :O BADDDDD...So we dug our precious poetry out of the trash and gave it to him AGAIN. Mwa haha. Then he RIPPED it UPPP into a BUNCH of peices. AHHHH! HATERS! HATERS! :O : So, tonight i am going to tape it together then give it to him AGAIN! MOOOOHAHAHHA! Thats what happened today. I just went to Piano I get too learn JAZZ!! yes....my mission to be like Fitch is almost complete! Mwa ha My grandparents are coming over for diner so I better go! I love ya! Laura

 Today school was slightly boring, go figure. I mean really fun and shcool are definatly oxymorons. In English got to have a current event disscussion!!!!!! It was SO much fun!!! Zane kept getting mad at Tony because there oppions greatly differ. Hahha... It was grand. In science we just sat there. Well...we did something. I obviously wasn't paying attention though since I do not remember anything I "learned" The rest of school went on and on like that. Quite intertaining if I do say so myself. Wait....that doesn't make sense I just said it wasn't fun *sigh* what shall I ever do with myself. One FUNNNN thing happened! Well...WAIT! The thing in English was fun toooo. Oh goodness...my mom is making me SET the TABLEEE. The nerve. I shall have to finish my happy story later. Much love, Lauraaaaa

 I am going to Piano...i shall write longer when I arrive home!

 Lalallaallaallalalala...I am all ready! Time for schoooool! haha

 Dude. The blow drying was like missing. I looked everywhere. It was bad. I coudln't find it. So I had to wake up my sleeping mother so she could tell me where it is. But,the front of my hair dryed before its discovery so now I am going to have to straighten my hair. AHH! I hate straightening. I am off to put my contacts in! (Don't you love this? Haha...a minute by minute update of my hectic mornings! :P) Love, Laura

 Dude. The blow dryer was like missing. I looked everywhere. It was bad. I couldn't find it. So I had to wake up my sleeping mother so she could tell me where it is. But, the front of my hair dryed before its discovery so now I am going to have to straighten my hair. AHH! I hate straightening. I am off to put my contacts in! (Don't you love this? Haha...a minute by minute update of my hectic mornings! :P) Love, Laura

 Hi everyone!!!!! (All one of you :p ) Last night was BLEEHHH. Yeah, pretty much. We went to a baptism service that was kinda cool. I never knew the had a bathtub permanatly under the stage. That was weird. Last night my sister made me TURN OFF the light when I was reading, I yelled. I tried to think of the best insult I could say without getting in trouble. I came up with "you need to grow up" Pretty pathetic, eh?? :o) The only reason I was mad that she wanted the light OFF was because she LOVVESS to sleep with the light ON. What a loser head. See....the only reason she wanted me to turn off the light is because she knew it would make me angry then she could get me in trouble....Does that make any sense at all? I think it does! Mwa hahaha...I should be a phycologist. But, first, I need to learn how to spell that. Right now it is 6:14. I just got out of the shower. I hate showers!!! :P Random Thoughts... I am sooo tired. I wonder what I will do today I forgot to practice my piano AHHH My teacher is going ot be angry I hope she doesn't yell I currently weigh 10 pounds for than Karsen, if that will means anything in my lifetime. I am off to blow dry my hair! Ugh...blow drying is one of the unessasary evils of this day in age. I am out like a light Laura

 Hey!!!!!! This is my brand new spiffy blog. My awesomely cool cousins convinced me the go with the flow and make one so here it is. Are you happy now??? Today I went to church. We sat in the sleeper section. Its the funniest thing ever. All that REALLY tired people sit in the back left corner. 5 people in the row next to us fell asleep. It was funny. I laughed. I was soooooooooooo tired, I almost fell asleep to! It must be the air over there..... Sunshine wasn't there. My life is curently very cloudy. It kinda sucks...hahhaha... Life *inhales vigorously* hahahhaha get it? as in sucks? Hahha...ok never mind. Sometimes people just don't understand. Sometimes i think I am the only one who gets anything about myself at all. Like on Thrusday night when I almost got eaten by a cougar...nobody understood that. They were like "What...?" Well...sinca ya'll are probably curious by tnow I will tell the story. I was studying for this stupid spanish test and i was having a super horrible day. It was about 8:30 at night. The best thing to do on days like that is to go alone and cry + think. Considering there is NOWHERE to go in my house where you will be alone I deicded to "run away" So I ran and ran until I couldn't run anymore and I sat on the ground and just cried. It was quite depressing. All one the sudden this huge thing jumps up out at me. I was sooo stinkin' scared that I started to sprint super fast home. It chased my all the way. I ran into my house. I leaned against the wall a breathed in. I was finally safe! I then noticed my whole body was shacking and the tears were still pouring. Then all my dad came running and he was like "Are you ok???" So I sat down and ate a ton of fruit snacks. It helped a lot. I got an ok grade on my test. It was aa miracle. Thank goodness for cougars. Random Thoughts! CAM's mascot is a cougar..... Ridgefield is finally winning football games My friend goes to ridgefield She went to homecoming with a BOY (oooooh! "I can't beileve her parents are letting her" Hahha....thats what my mom said *sigh* *rolls eyes*) I am going to attempt to sew my dress for Winter Formal. The pattern is absolutely gorgeous. I will look awesomely gorgeous. If I learn to sew. Gosh, cheese is good. I found this poem on the internet and I absolutely love it so I thought I would share it with ya'll It's Not Easy (Being Me) By: Joyesse Don't come too close, Please stay at bay, For you won't like what you see. The facade so quickly fades away, It's not easy being me. Hidden behind a counterfeit smile, A peevish personality, Is lurking till the smallest trial Brings out the worst in me. Like a bomb assembled to ignite Or a fault beneath the sea, Is an ever raging, brewing fight Alive inside of me. Released then swallowed by remorse, Guilt with perplexity. Is there redemption, help, recourse, For a sinner such as me? Then my eyes are turned to another land Fixed on a center tree. And the blood which pours from two outstretched hands, Offer hope and forgiveness to me. So come if you will, but please look away From my faults - for many there be! When the work He's began is complete on "that day" I will be whole, I will be free And it will be easier... Later ya'll! Goodbye with love and cheese- Laura

 Yesterday was a grand day!!! School was pretty normal. I had to read Great Expectations out loud but she gave me a marshmallow! Side note.. Wow I just got scared to death. I can bareley type! Lol! My dad came home from taking my grandparents to the airport but I didn't even know he was gone so I saw this shadow and I like jumped up and stared screaming. Lol!!! I hope I didn't wake anyone up...man....my hands are STILL shaking! Any who... When I got home I began to memorize a section of Anne Frank for CYT. I got it allll memorized!!! Yipppe! But then I didn't even have to say it... :/ Oh welll! When my mom got home from taking Hannah to piano she brought me a pepermint milkshake from this little store on the corner called O'Bradys. YUMMMMMM! Then we all went tot CYT. CYT was great fun, of course ;) We practiced thigns for our showcase. In the middle of our performance I am supposed to start screaming. Lol. I hope I am brave enough to do it. :D Yum fun fun. Then, right after CYT, my mom and I headed over to portland to go to this Dartmouth thing. I wanna go there soooo bad! You have to be SUPER SMART and SUPER RICH to go there- neither of which I am, so it might not be a possibility ;) It cost 40,000 DOLLARS a YEAR to go there!!! Isn't that crazy???? Its such and awesome school though. Last year they had a winter carnival and they carved a ginat GANDALF out of snow!!! Is that cool or what?! It was 3 stories tall!!!!! :) After than we went to burgerville so I could FINALLY eat dinner! It was about 9:30 :D ˆ was HUNRY! I got chicken strips and a PUMPKIN MILKSHAKE! Those are SO stinkin' good. They taste like your eating a pumpkin pie. Yummmm. Then..I went home. And went to bed! Now I am out of bed. That is all. CD of the day!!!!! Relient K CHRISTMAS!!! Gosh, it rocks. Buy it! Buy it! Buy it!! Love, Lauraaaa fantooora AKA....ozzy. :p

 Yeah. I should be asleep. I am not awake at all. :) But tis all goood. I am supposed ot have this thing memorized for CYT but I dont... :o I am a baddd baaaad child. I hope they don't kill me. Yikes! :) Last night was pretty dull. Our internet stopped working, because of the solar flares, for a WHOLE HOUR! That was the borringest hour of my whole life. Today I am going to school, CYT, and this person from Dartmouth is having a college seminar so I am obviously going. I cna't wait till college!! Yipppeee! I hope I get a scholarship for crew. I have heard they are pretty easy to get..we shall see! :) Yippeee! I am in a happy happy mood. OOoh! My mom went to urban outfitters last night with my dad to get some shoes for Hannah but they don't fit! Yay!!! That means I get to go to UO and get them returned!!! Then I will probably purchase some clothes and my POINTY FLATS!!!! YESSSSS! As long as my comatose brother cleans the windoes dwnstairs because he "Did have enough time to finish" Loser head. :D I better go blow dry. I love YOU! Laura P.S. I really doooo!

 My brothers obeo teacher is over..... Hmm... Today, after everyone in my family left, I cleaned my room. Then Freddy came over to study spanish with Matt. BUt, Matt wasn't home. So he sat around my house for 45 minutes until my brother came home..it was a little interesssttting. So I finished cleaning then I read a REALLLY good book calle d "Rachels Tears" Its about the girl who was killed at columbine. It was really inspiring. I want to live my live more like her. right now I am cooking some noodles because I am super HUNGY! Tonight my mom cooked the best tasting spageti ever. I don't know how I will survive in college without her yummy food. Speaking of college..I CANT WAIT!!!!!! Tomorrow i am going to this thing for Dartmouth colege. I don't really want to go there btu I might as well check it out. I think I want to go somewhere in the east coast. I have wanted to go to University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill since I was like 7 (seriously!) So I might try to get a crew scholarship there. I am going to try a ton of places though. And see what ones i get into then make my decision. I can't wait for COLLLEGE! Yipppee! Laura

 I hate Wednesdays. Yuck. They are immensly boring. I woke up at 9 but I felt way to sick to get up (notice a patern? :D ) So I read in my bed till 10ish. Then I got up. I walked down stairs and ate some halloween candy. Yumm! Then I watched Regis and Kathy Lee. Oh wait! Its not Kathy Lee any more...what is that persons name??? Ooooh yeah! Kelly Rippa. But instead of Regis is was Pat Sajak, from wheoe o' fortune. YAY! He rocks!! They had that guy from the O.C. that Meagan G. is obbsessed with. Haha. He is one ugly dukling. ;) Acctually, he wasn't that bad. But any ways....Then I had a piece of nasty pizza and we had to clean. My dad THREATENED my brother. It was GREAT! My brother is super scary so my dad told him that if he said or did anything mean to ME he would be in HUGGGGGE trouble. It was great. Then my brother goes "I never do anything to HER, she is the mean one!!" Riiiighhht. I laughed. So we cleaned. I made him clean our WINDOWS! hahhaha! Its the worst job on the planet because our house is infested by bugs so there are about 20 dead bugs in each window sill. Its pretty sick. So I got my mom to make him clean the windows. HAHHAHA! He was SOOO stinking mad! It was great. Then....we said he was going to CLEAN THE SHOWER BUUUUUUUTTTTT he was acctually in his ROOM! For a half an hour while I was slaving away! I was SUPER SUPER MAD. SO I told me mom abotu all his lies and deciet and she threatened to fire ME! Poor little me! Who would want to fire ME? :D I am the GOOD one. So I almost told her about how I caught my brother skipping class and how he ate a bag of the candy we are supposed to save for trick-or-treaters but I was to scared of what my brother would do to me. YIKES! Now I am "home alone" but there are 5 guys here. Haha. Olive, 3 construction workers, and the tree removing guy who is off somewhere grinding stumps. Its a little scary. I hope our hosue gets finished SOON! I don't think I can last any longer! My parents are going out to eat tonight and so I has to be alone with my brother. YIIIIIKKKEs! Good thing I didn't tell my mom everything he did or else he woulld probably beat me up. Yikes. I am afraid to live in this hosue with him... I better go! Adios lovely amigos! Laura

 Hi! I just got back from Sara's soccer game! I got to skip rowing! Yay! I have to go to church. Later gators. Laurissa

 Last night my sister made cupcakes! They were so stinkin' tasty. Mine had orange frosting and bat sprinkles!!! Te hehehe...after I think about that its a little gross. We have tons of bats in our barn and they always fly out at night. I just ate a bunch of bats!!!! MWA HAHAHA! :) Today...I got up at 5:40 and took a shower to 6:10. LONG SHOWERS ROCK!!! I am still like half awake. Lol. Now i am lsitening to FIF and tryign to get a ride to there concert... *sigh* It makes me angry because a month ago my mom said she would take me but nwo I have to get a ride! GRRR! I wish jacob was home....he would take me. I better go..BLOW DRY TIME! Yipppee. My favorite part of the day... :P Love, Laurina!

 I just want to take this time to thankt he lovely Mandy. She rocks my life. She sent me a letter today it was so kind. I just want ot letyou all know that she is the coolest chick on this planet. That is all LAURA!

 Well today was Monday...YUCK YUCK YUCK! Thats pretty much all. Oo! My piano teacher has a CANDY JAR yum...I ate a ton when she wasn't looking. Mwa haha. My mom is cooking soup for dinner. Yuck I hate soup. Today was the first day of OMNH. We kinda bombed it. Lol. We got a few more people to join us though :) We wen't around saying "Omni-HHHHHHH" Good times. My piano teacher was in a bad moood. She yelled at lot. Now its time to eat nasty soup. Save me. LAURA! P.S. my mom wants ot read my blog. Hahha..righhhht

 I just went to my bible study. It was fun. We are studying the sermon on the moount- good stuff! Afterward we went to wall mart! Hahha...I really don't belong in that store. Its super sad. Its not like I am rich or anything but whenevr I go there I feel really weird...like all these people are looking my up-and-down then they like glare.. *sigh* While we were there these kids were causing like chaos in there store. It was so funny. They had to send in security. Hahahha. I got these really cool cough drops...they Halls Fruit Breezers..i think. They taste like candy! Yumm Well. Ya'll may think I am super weird...btu I am so what can I say. I have reaally wanted to start a bible studying thing on my blog. I have been thinking about it a lot. Its going to be called "Ultimate Purity" Its gonna be fu...so stay tuned for more details! Well..I am out like a light! Loveeee Laura. P.S. Operation MNH is a GO! :D

 Katies confirmation was sooo much fun! I saw all these people she always tell me about. Hahha. DUDE That kid from my rowing team got confirmed!!! It was soooo weird!!! I didn't even know he was a christian!!! Thats was that kid I was stuck on that boat with- so NOT fun! So yeah..nwo I have to go to my bible study small group thingy..fun fun fun! Later! Laurisssa

 ohh...where to start! Hmm Well...at school we had "THE" Assembaly...it was interestting. I had to lead hollywood (Holly Would...hahah...thats the coolest brand- the clothes are SO cute! Any who....) squares...it was INTERESTING. I kept pronouncing words wrong. Lol. Then we had the freshman "reward" Yuck. They shaved a water balloon with whipped cream all over it on our head. It was quite interesting. I was SO stinking wet! Then I had to go to a spanish "workshop" She gave us all 3 points extra credit for just BEING there! Mwa haha. It was grand. Then on Tuesday Megan, SHOOOT! I forgot her name. I am a dork. :) Lol. I love you. Well any who...we are singing a song about chickens and we get another 3 points! Yippe! After school I went to row. It was alright! We just washed the boats and such. Quite intertaining. Then we RUSHED home. I hopped in the shower and tried to get all the whipped cream out of my luverly hair. I succeded! Then I ran down stairs and grabbed some chinese food. I blow-dryed my hair while eating my dinner. It was quite intereesting. Because I blow dry my hair upside down (if that makes any sense at all... :D ) So I kept chocking on egg roll. Its hard to eat up side down. Then Sara came and we picked up Lori Ann then headed the the dance. The dance was really fun acctually. Better than expected. Only one freshman guy showed up. I was happy because i couldn't be myself with those guys there... :/ THEN! we went home at 10:30 and "my feet hurt so stinkin' bad" (TRICIA!) So I went to bed at about 11. At 5 i had to wake up because we had a rowing reggetta! It was pretty fun. My boat got 5 place. The boys varsity got 2, girls vasity got 3, and I think the boys varsity got like last. Hahah. So....thats pretty much it. Oh yeah. I am runnign away. Hahhahaha...My mom said I was fat last night and she just keeps insulting me. It makes me so mad. I just run into the forest, sit on a log, and cry. I love crying. It always seems to make me happy. I think I am going to save money to buy a plane ticket to MANDY'S HOUSE! That would so stinkin' rock. I better go. Much love, Lauraaaa P.S. I am so not fat.

 The words just can't seem to form in my mouth. I know I need to say 'em But I just can't let them out Your going down the wrong path Your happiness will be cut in half Just trust the Lord Don't put your trust in these shallow things there gonna pass then you'll be no good I wish I would help you I really wish I could I just can't seem to say it Don't wanna break ya. Just wanna wake ya up You don't have to be living like this Grabbing satisfaction where ever ya can find it This aint the way I don't wanna see ya living like this. If only I could find the words...

 I just got back from the dance! It was soo much fun! Some people are pretty immoral...its sad. Yeah...it was a dance. Thats pretty much all I can say. Now I have to go because I have a regetta tomorrow at 6 AM!!!!! Later Gatoooors

 Hi I am back from school..now I gotta go row..then to the dance. Save me, please.

 Yup. Thats me. Today I had a really bad scare. At about 5:50 my cat started choking and I thought my sister was dieing so I sprung out of the bed. (Seee...I do care about her...kinda...) But it was my pooooor kitty. I felt so bad for him. But the after about a minute he was done choking so I petted him and hten he was happppy... :D It was kinda nice thought because my alarm clock got turned off in the night and I wouldn't have gotten up! :) The Mall Hates Me... Seriously...it toally does! I went there last night to get glasses but they were all UGLY!! Then we deicded to go to Nordstrom and all the clothes were UGGGLLY! I mean, Wet Seal had wayyyyyyy better clothes then Nordstrom, which is pretty sad. Then (This is the WORST!!!!!!!) When we were leaving we had to go up the escalator and it ate BERTS LACE!!! Pooooooor poooooor Bert. Ernie was glad that the same didn't happen to him, he reallly likes his lace. SUPERCHICK DAY! teeee hehehhehehe! :D :D :D Love el MUCHAS! (whatever that means.... LaaaaauuuuuuuRA!

 I know you ALLL have been waiting for this! Its MY day. I did it MY way. Mwa haha... Its ALWAYS MY way!! Okaaayyy...anyways. I woke up at 10-ish and tired to get up but I was to sick to get out of bed... lol. Funny stufff. ;) So i turned on my radio and read for about an hour. They never played I Belong To You....sad sad...very sad. So I finally decided to get up and use the computer. So I got on for about an hour. It was fun. I love computers. The rest of the day I have walked around aimlessly and done absolutely nothing. My brother is sick so we couldn't clean today. Now I am off to yet new glasses *woot* Happy happy joy joy. I am going to the mall. Yay Love, Laura Fantora

 But i am pretending I am not sick. Mwa haha..must see superchick...must see superchick. Today is a stuuupid day.

 Yeah..thats what I feel like. Crapppy crap. :) I just got back from rowing it was sooo incredibly hard. I almost fainted- seriously :) Now I am offf to church.. Later gator! Laura

 I am going to school...yuck! I really don't want to, but I have to. I feel SO sick. I think I am going to die. Right before the best weekend of my life too.... :P Here is what is happening Thursday Superchick- ALL day. I better not be sick. Friday Rowing and "Harvest Dance" :P Saturday Rowing Regatta- we have to be there at 6 AM. If I am sick I will die. Then church from 4:30-8:30 Sunday Katies confirmation and party! Yay! If I am sick I don't know what I will do.... *sigh*

 If I skip school tomorrow? Not likely...I am sooo stinkin' sick. I think I am going to throw up.

 Still no mail...and now I am sick to boot. I just want to crawl into my little hole and cry... ;)

 Ok....after one day- it was alright. two days I got a little suspicious...But, now with THREE WHOLE DAYS WITHOUT GETTNIG A SINGLE LETTER Its quite depressing. So I thought I would alert ya'll of my major problem. I haven't gotten ANY e-mail for a LONG time. Not even junk mail! Usually Sephora or delias send me a letter a day, but not anymore! For a while I thought there was a problem with my account but I sent myself a letter and i got it so there obviously isn't. BE A PAL! Send ME an e-mail at shinymonkey56@hotmail.com Rock on. Laura

 anywho... As I was saying- You may think you know me but you really don't. *~What you are about to read is a little secret between you and I, use it wisely.*~ First of all, I absolutely love myself. This may not seem aparent but its totally true. Like when I do something good, make myself happy, or even if I am super sad. I do this thign where in my mind I yell "GROUP HUG!" Then I hug myself...this may seem kinda weird, but what can I say. It makes me happy. I did it today in Sara's car because I needed some cheering up! :D Second....I do all these weird things in ym head...I tell myself jokes and make myself laugh... :D Its greta to be happy! Hahahhahahah Well...thats about it for my blogging today :) Love, Lauraaa

 I never thought I could be so atached to a possesion before. Today Sara and I traded shoes. At first I was like "i wont miss 'em..they are just a pair of shoes" But when I saw Sara wearing 'em I was like "THOSE SHOULD BE ON MY FEET!" Oh well..I will get 'em back tomorrow. I think I can survive..I think I can, I think I can, I think I can. School was kinda blllehhh. We didi absolutely NOTHING! In scieence we got to make shapes out of straws which was kinda fun, have I ever told you how much I love straws? Well...I don't tell many people a lot about me. You may think..UH OH! Mid sentence...must go empty the dishwasher..don't worry- I will be back!

 I feel sooo stinkin' sick. I wana stay home real bad, but I can't. Everything hurts. Ay yi yi.... Well..it loks as if I am going to school, sick and all, God save the queen. *Laura*

 Dude! I am only going to be at school until 11:30! YESS!! I am soo happy! Whats the poing of even getting up if I will only be at school for that long? I wish I could just stay in bed! Well....here is what I am going to wear today: Skirt with white sweater and hoodie (ya gotta have a hoodie... :D ) On my face I am going to be wearing a You Rebel tinted mousterizer (thats one hard word to spell!) my Benefit Dear John eyeshadow and some concealer...lol. I have major problems, ignore me. Ooh! I am also going to wear my bluuuueee contacts! *w00t* I love them :D I feel to sick to live so I think I am going to go take a bunch of random pills. Yuck. Love, Laura

 Yup...its that time again!!!! today was a REALLY super odd day. This thing that happened to me was a little anmoying..... This girl at the shoe store thought my brother, sister, and I WHERE TRIPLETS!!!!!! Hahhahahah..how weird is that!! My borther is 16, I am 14, and my sister is 12. People these days... *sigh*

 Yup...its that time again!!!! today was a REALLY super odd day. This thing that happened to me was a little anmoying..... This girl at the shoe store thought my brother, sister, and I WERE TRIPLETS!!!!!! Hahhahahah..how weird is that!! My brother is 16, I am 14, and my sister is 12. People these days... *sigh*

 And for the record...I DON'T SAY MARSHMALLOW FUNNY!!! Hahha....remember all last year when I called everything marshmallow? This year its peperoni! Oh...and while Sara and I were in a corn field I also found out that I say bad funny-ish. Where did this accent come from??? I think its from living in washington all my life- it can do crazy thigns to you. I just went to Winco. A grocery store place... :) I saw AUSTIN, BRANDON, and CARTER!!! Yeah!!!!!!!!!!! Shout out to them. They rock. They were all making fun of me buying shaving cream for ASB. Its not my fault CAM is messed up. :P I also had to buy 2 bags of marshmallows. Yummmmm I better go... Love, Laura Fantora!

 I just finished reading "The Diary of an Anorexic Girl" it was the best book EVER. It made me cry so much. I love to cry. I recomend it for ANYONE and EVERYONE. Man, I loved it SO stinking much. I think I am going to read it again. I just got the book last night and I already read it. Man...I love that book! I have already said that a billion times but this is definatly on my list of favorite boooks. Today I went to church. It was church. Same ol.... Then my parents had this great idea to go out to eat at this freak restaurant. It was in the creepy part of portland. Just about EVERYTHING was made out of tofu. It was absolutely disgusting. Not to mention our waiter :P He looked like he weighed 75 pounds. Haha. The whole restaurant was DIRTY too. It was pretty sickk... :) Now I am doing nothing....lalalalla. So. I guess thats all RANDOMNESS! I am watching the news! I love the news! Hahahha It is showing a blazers comercail. Yuck. The blazers are super bad They are all crack addicts Haha. Remember mandy how we are CRACK HEADS? Lol That was great. Well...I better go. Love, Laura P.S. READ THAT BOOK!

 So. For the last two days I have only ate a burrito and a garden burger. Gosh I freak myself out. I am trying to drop my weight to 100. Thats horrible. I dunno. I have never thought about what I am getting myself into. It makes me want to cry. So I have decided to blame it on Hana Sokpuva, my all time favorite model. I bet she weighs 100. She is gorgeous. Maybe if I loose weight I will be as pretty as her. So, i went to the christian book store today and got a book on anorxia. Its a good book. It makes me sad that I ever considered this. I love myself. I think I am perfect. (look wise) Well..except for my crooked finger. Now i can never be a model. Well, now I am off to watch TBN. Lay-tah Laura P.S. How does this sound for my new rap album? :P comin' out the underground straight from the top while my beats drop never gonna stop ti'll my tapes pop, never lookin back never lettin go with the mad flow cuz you know i'm unleashed 'till the get go I think it rocks. Are rappers skinny? I hope not. I don't think I can stand this any longer. I am off to go eat fat-free yogurt. Or maybe not. I don't want to get fat. Fat is bad.

 The Main evil of high school is the surprising inmaturity of boys. They are dumb. Yes. They are. I REALLY WANNA BLOG BUT I DON'T LIKE TO TYPE? How can I over come this great difficulty?!!!!!!??!?!?!?!?!

 Well..here yah go. Here is my blogging from thursday and friday :) Thursday- 9:30 PM Oh gosh,,,,so many blog worthy things happend today, but I wasn't able to post any of them because my stupid sister got my in trouble. On Wednesday I used like 5 minutes more than my time and my sister told my mom so I can't use the computer for 2 WHOLE DAYS!!!! Shoot me while I am still alive. So now I have absolutely nothing to do. I think I am going to kill myself :P Oooooooh! I will tell you about my day. I woke up at 6:45. Ahh! It was bad. Then my brother was in the shower so I couldn't use it for a lonnnng time. So finally I got in the shower and took a 10 minute showe. Then I blow dryed my hair and put crap on my face :P I looked suppper bad :P Then Sara picked us up. Nothing interesting happened until lunch.... Taylor threw her apple at me for some reason. The apple then hit my can of sprite which then spilled ALLLLLLLLLLL over me! It was so stinkin' funny! We laughed till we seriously cryed. But then my pants were all wet and sticky. Yuck. Then I went to CYT. It was fun. I saw htis guy named Tim...he is cool Then i met this other guy who is a freestlye rapper, which is obviously my dream job. :P Then I was saying good bye to this kid named Kaysee and for some reason I said "Bye...you" to him and in this REALLY creepy voice he goes "Just call me...blue eye lover..." then he smiled weirdly. I was wearing my blue contacts..it creeped me out. What a loser head. Now I am computerless which really sucks. to bad i don't have aaaaaa LIFE! Love, Laura

 yeah..mothers.. *sigh* she wont let meuse the computer. SO i AM STUCK USING MY BOY SARE SMELLY JOURNAL AS A BLOG. Its quite pathetic if you ask me. Wellll..thats it I am at Sara's house so I must go :) Laaaaauuuuururrrrraaaaa

 Today is already a dumb day.. i woke up a n hour late..more info wen I get back from schoool!

 Unless your a kid I am babysitting. Then it is no good. I spent all morning baby sitting on hyperavtive 4 year old. It was quite scary. Then I went home..and we CLEANED! Oh happy happy joy joy. So today I made a lot of money. Maybe I will by that really cute outfit I saw in the Delias catolog. That is all..sorry so short. Laura

 She rocks! I just talked to her for along time. haha. I CAN'T wait to talk to her for the THIRD time this month! only 9 days! *w00t* so, how are you? I am ok. School was kinda bleh...rowing was kinda bleh. BUT TRICIA. She is DEFINATLY not BLEH! she rocks my sockies off. She was all talking about her "significant other" from WA and she was saying how she lieks WA cuz of that :P am I confusing? Hahha I hope not... I must go study for my root word thingy. Love Laura P.S. IF YOU ARE HEATHER- Get stinkin' better! School was lonely. But now I am sick. YOU MADE ME SICK! baaaaaaaaaad Heather! Oh well..I love you anyways.

 Gosh, I am tired!! Its about 6:30 and I just woke up *yawn* Today is going to be a kinda bleh-ish day :P I go to school then I row. BUTTTTTT THEN I TALK TO TRICIA FROM SUPERCHIC[k] AT 6!!!!!!!! YAAY! I wuv Tricia!!! She rocks my sockies of my feeties! Lol! After I talk to Trish for about an hour I go to church. My mom wont let me skip it to talk to her longer :P Pooor me! Oh well. Church can be fun....thats about it!! Love, Laura Now I am awake.....

 I am sitting here..with my plate of melted ice cream on my lap. Yes..that pretty much explains today. i woke up. yes I did....Then I took a shower and all that junk. I didn't make my lunch because I didn't feel like eating. So I went to school. School was bleh-ish also. English started. We got a dole maching, its awsome. Its birght and orange. Then Miss Shultz switched the seating aragments so I don't sit by Taylor anymore. Science was pretty much the same. Spanish...well I don't really remember spanish. My head hurt so bad that I just laid my head down on my desk and tried to make the pain stop, it didn't. :/ Then is WA history I had to go get my picture retaken. The hall lady yelled at me for no aparent reason, I fel t like cussing, but I didn't. I AM A GOOD PERSON! Then....LUNCH! Yeah...it was lunch. We got our class pictures taken..a total nightmare :) :P In algerbra we got new seating aragments I sit by Zane. HELP ME! Yup...bleh bleh bleh. Oh..there is a TEST tomorrow. What a dumb day. Bye.. I am not as depressed as you think I am...maybe. Love, laura

 Hi! My parents are mad at eachother about medicene. :/ Interesting.....Haha I am off to school then [iano...later.

 Sometimes its good just to laugh at yourself and your life :) I am watching funniest home videos...Hmm.....its kinda sad that I am laughing at other peoples lives. Haha...its good to laugh at your self TOO though! I just got done with some science JUNK! :) Lalala...I am so bored.... I better go.. Love, Laura

 Ok...I am kinda excited..kinda, I switched my part today for like the first time in my life. Haha. Its really cute, its on the side. Personaly, I think it looks gorgeous, and I usually don't say things like that! :) Today I slept in. It was grand. Then I watched the world cup, that was sad. I can't beileve sweeden lost!!!!!! EVERY STINKIN' TIME i cheer for a team they LOOSE and the team ERIC and MARC cheer for wins!!! I DON'T UNDERSTAND!!!!!!! :) Then, we went to see a movie called "Luther" It was pretty good. It was all about Martin Luther and the catholic church 'n such. I liked it. After, we went out to eat for my dads birthday. It was soooo goood! I got a meditranian chicken noodl thing :) YUM!!! I liked it! Then we went home. I was SUPPOSED to go to a small group bibe study but they changed the time without me knowing. Gr!!! Oh well, I will get to go nest week. Randomnesss! I love YOU Mandy! I hope the red rocks win! Are they even playing to night? Max from Superchic[k] is more than twice my age...5 yaers more. Thats a little scary :D My dads birthday is on tuesday. AH! POLL!!!! What should I get for my dad for his birthday? POST ANY AND ALL IDEAS IN MY SHOUTBOX!!! Thanks much!!! :)

 Dreams are weird things. Last night i dreamed I talked to *name removed* on IM. It was wonderful. But, I think I need to spot thinking about him allll the time. I really think that God made him switch schools so he wouldn't be a distractions away from God for me. He IS is distraction. Hmmm... I have had a lot of weird dreams. Like when I dreamed that Marc died. Hahha....that was kinda cool acctually.. :P Just joking... Ok, so what do you think I should be for halloween? That dance I was talking about isn't a sadie hawkins anymore (a gift in disguse :) ) now we are having a "flashback" party. Interesting. I have NO clue what to wear! HELP! Post any and ALL ideas in my shout box, THANKS! Its that time of day!!! RANDOMNESS! I don't want to go to this dance. Yuck....I have to thought becuase I am on ASB I hope sweeden wins, the game is tied now. my sister is making like 5 cakes today for a solar system project :P Yum.....all the of planets have to be made to scale..interesting. *Laura*

 Ok..right now I am watching the world cup. I skiped church to watch it so you must know its IMPORTANT! I hope SWEEDEN wins! Its the half and they are winning bye one point! Yay! Today we have to go see this dumb movie about Martin Luther or something. But, then we are going out to eat for my dads birthday! Yay! After that I am going to a bible study thing. Man, my finger hurts! :) I better go..its hard to type :P Laura

 Last night I went to a Superchick concert. It was awesome. So... everyone arived at my house at about 2:15. Then we made our sandwiches for dinner. Then I grabed the tonnnnnnns of bags of candy (mwa hahahha) and we headed to the car. By the time we got in the car it was like 3:40 and I was like AHHHH! WE ARE GONNA BE LATE FOR BEING EARLY! So we headed towards Kaizer. Buttttt we got stuck the the HUGGEEEE traffic jam I started to freak out.... So we were all like "Lalallalal...when will this ever end?" Then is FINALLY ended and it was about 4:30 and we still had 30 miles to go!!! But at least we were going fast again! yay! So we ate TONNNNS of candy and got SUPER DUPER hyper! Mwa haha! We were like singing the who0le way there. It was grand. On the way there we were listening to a little kids station. It was sooooo much fun! It was the "Absolutely Mindy Show" It was wild. Being as hyper as we all were, we decided to call Mindy and yell and scream like lunatics. She picked up the phone as was like "HI! Itttttttttttts Mindy!!!" So we alllllllllll screamed and she was like "Uh......okaaaaaaaay" Then we sang to her "You are my sunshine" FINALLY, after more than an hour, we saw our EXIT!!! YAYYYYY! We all screamed for JOY! We finally arived at the church and I saw HEATHHEEEEERRRRRR!!!!!!!!!! YAY! I was like "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH THATS HEATHER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" and everyone was like "uh..who is Heather?" ( Heatehjr is my awesome Superchicky friend!) So we parked and I ran out with my SUPER DUPER COOL strawberry sunglasses! So i talked to Heather, her sister, and this guy in front of us who is obbsessed with superchick. It was cooooool! Then I looked at Heathers awesome photo album! So we got there baout 2 hours early, I just sat on the pavement, ate a bunch of candy, and talked to the other people. Then Kelsy (sp?) howed up. (My other superchicky friend!) JI didn't even know what she looked like or anything but we KNEW it was her right when she came! She was pertty spiftacular. She showed us her superchick folder and she just talked. Her brother was there tooo. He was coool. I kept hitting him on the head while we were in the mosh pit though. :/ FINALLY they opened the doors and we were like *w00t* We finally get to go in!! But they didn't let us in. Grrrrrrr! We had to wait in a line at the door to the sanctuary for like a half an hour. it was sooooooo boring. All these people kept going in and out of the doors- everytime we thought we would get to go in, but they would never let us in. GR! Finnnallly, they let us in. But then we had to wait for another half an hour. GRRRRRR! Finally Sending Jonah started. They were ok..not really my style though. I was SUPER impatient so I was all like "WHEN WILL THIS EVER END?" And I think I said it a little to loud. They played about 5 songs...then they left. I was like "YAYYY! SUPERCHICK TIME!" Then they had to give out alllllllllll this free stuff. GRRRR!!! Then FINALLY superchick started!!! Yay! It was awesome...expect for the whole mosh pit thing... There was like a 5 year old girl right next to me. It was pretty crazy. At least Heather and I jumped!!!!!! It was a pretty normal concert..... OOOOOH! SKWID WAS WEARING A SANTA SUIT! It was sooooooooooo funnny!!!!!! I took a tonnnnnn of pictures. Then the concert ended and we went outside and sat by the merch tbale until there was no one left in the line for autographs. It was pretty spiffy! I got to talk to them for a long time and I got pictures with them! It was pretty funny because on Thursday I got my RE:Generation CD in the mail and I had them sign it. It was the FIRST TIME they had EVER seen the CD!!!!!!!!!!!! They were all like "Where did you get this?!?!?!?!?!" So they all passsed it around. Max thought "It turned out better than I thought it would!" Max wasn't at the autograph table and I really wanted to talk to him so Heather, Heather (my friend ), Katie, Johanna, Sara, Heidi, and I waited out side the door for a lonnnnnnng time. Then Dave wentin where Max was and we told him to go get Max for us and he did! YAY! So we got to talk to Max for a long time! It was awesome! Then Melissa came up to me and put her arm on my sholder and was like "It was good to see you here tonight!" It was AWESOMMMMME! I was like "WHOA! HER ARM ON IS MY SHOULDER!" Then we were all SUPER tired even though it was only 11:30 so we decided to go home. On our way home we got slurpees at 7/11. They were gooood! All the people in there looked at us super funny because we had our concert outfits on. Haha. It was great. Well..I guess whats all!

 Superchick! Superchick! Superchick! *w00t* Last night I went to sleep at about 10 last night and just woke up! I just got up...so I got a pretty good amount of sleep considering all the hypedr girls who were occupying my house. :) Today....... I have eaten a nutra-grain bar I have taked my medicene I petted my cat And thats about it :) Obviously not that exciting.... :) Talk to ya'll later! Love, Laura

 SAVE ME!!! 10 little tiny friends! Haha...help! They are slightly scary...I will POST MORE SOON!! *w00t* YAY!

 Today has been kinda a slipt end day...I mean...doesn that make sense at all? It was good but kinda not. Hahhahah... Marc and I are coming out with an ablum...its gonna be called Crimson Tide...lol...we rapped today..it was intersting! Hmmm........Nothing at all interesting happend today. OOH! I LOST THHHHE LIST! It was bad. I had to make a NEW ONE! Are you on the list? I don't know...who are YOU? Lalal...sorry. My blog is BORING today. Randomness.... Cheese! My sisters birthday party is today. SAVE ME My sisters friend is a model. Hahhaha She isn't THAT gorgeous. I should be a model I just have to drop one size, then I will be perfect :P I can't wait till I fit in size uno jeans. It will be great. I am so insecure. Whats the point of loosing weight? Its not like that will make people like me. ~*God Speaks*~ I will probably be posting this every once in a while. But somedays god just REALLY speaks to me. Today was one of those days he was telling me "Pretty soon your going to be all alone, friends will leave you. But stay with me, you will never be alone." It was pretty spiftacular. But, a little scary. I hate being alone. I better leave......BYE! Love, Laura P.S.- Fun conversation of the day: Mandy: good girl, thats why i love you SHE LOVES MEEEEEE

 Sorry about that last post! I had to make a Mad-Lib for English..hahha...that was it- in the works. I attempted to post it but it didn't work :( Oh well.

 So..I went a little physco on that last post... ;) Sorry... :) Anywahoo..I just finished studying for my history test *YUCK* Then I ate some pizza that my brother burnt. Quote of the DAYYYY! Mandy: WHY CAN'T I BREATHE WHENEVER I THINK ABOUT YOU?? Me: cuz your to busy choking.... Haha...that made me happy happy happpy.... I am drinking coke! Its caffiene free though..so very sad. ~*PERSON OF THE ERA*~ Condaleeza Rice! I think I spelled that wrong... But anyways. She rocks my face off. SHe is smart and gorgeous. The end.

 Schoool....well lets start at the BEGINNING! I was SO tired I turned off my alarm clock in my sleep. I didn't wake up till 7:30!!!!!! AHHH! It was SO bad! So I put in my contacts and ran out the door...I just put on some jeans with my pajama top. Lol! So the day started off pretty stinky! School went prety much the same... We had an awesome sub in Spanish!!!!!! She was a retired army conel. She was spiftacular! She read us this awesome poem in German!! It was about this kid dying..it was still cool though! :P Then I went home ran inside and changed for rowing. Rowing was alright. I had to row with the newbies again. Bleh! That Alexa person is SOOOO annoying. She thinks she is SO cool. She bugs me. OOH!! At rowing....we pulled up just as a police car was pulling out and we were like "Um....ok.." So we drove up the the place where we meet and there was 3 POLICE CARS there!! They were handcuffing these two guys!!! We were all like "What is going on?!" As it turns out...these two dumb guys pretended to fish in the bay until Will (the main guy) rowed out. Once he left they went and took the CRAPPY ROW BOAT, beginning of their extreme stupidity. They tried to row away but they didn't have any paddles, Will obviously saw them. He callled the police and caught up with the cirminals! The police showed up...and end of story :) It was FUNNY!!! :) When my mom was on the way to pick me up she got in a car wreck! :( At first she thought the car was totalled but once she got out and looked at the car there was only minor damage...a 17 year old kid did it. :( SO...we raced home and I ran inside and practiced my piano. Then we ate dinner- a small meal of beans and fish (yummy salmon!) and went to youth group. It was fun! I met a really cool girl who was wearing a Puma sweatshirt, which obviously means she is ON THE LIST :P She had really pretty hair...it was down to her hip bone. :) Thats how long my hair will be..eventually. :) Now I am home...and doing NOTHING! :) That is all. So long! Love, Laura

 HI! I just got back form rowing...I HAVE SUPER HUGE NEWS! But its time for youth group.....so bye!

 I just got back from piano...it was slightly scary. I totally forgot to practice a peice so I like totally failed...I thought she would yell but she didn't. Yay! Hallegluah.... School today was borrrring!!!!! I just kinda sat there the whole time. It was bor-ing! Hmm....Well...uh...I don't think anything happened. I am trying ot htink of SOMETHING. Hmm...In english I just sat there...I didn't really learn anything. In science we just did this experiment where they tested us on our science knowledge. Blah Blah Blah. I think I will go now. BYE! Love, Laura

 Ohhhhhhhhh my goodness!! Yesterday was the best day EVER!!!!!! :D We went to the Lloyd Center mall for two whole hours! I got to go in every shop I wanted!!! :D After much deliberation I purchased a skirt and a sweater for sadie hawkins. They are soooooo coool! The skirt is like pin-striped. :D Yay! Then my dad came and picked my sister and I up and we headed to the soccer game. We rode the monerail. (Sp?) It took like a half an hour to get the PGE Park, where the game was being held. The train was sooooooooooo squished! I ould barely breathe!! When we finnally arived at PGE there was a HUGE line to get in! To we stood in line with all the crazy soccer fanatics....I took a picture. It was so awesome!!! There was the GIANT soccer ball....it was cool. Then there was a goal that you ttry to get a ball in and just random stuff like that. There were a bunch of people handing out free stuff. I got a necklace. There was also a band of drummers which was pretty spiftacular.:D They had face painting too! But we were in too much of a hurry that I couldn't get my face painted....waaa. We also saw Ronald McDonald. It was prety scary!!!! He walked over to us and was like "Hi! How's is going??" When we finaly intered the stadium the USA and German teams were warming up. We went to our seats and watched for a while, then I went and got a drink of water. It was so hot in ur seats because the sun had not gone down far enough yet so the sun was right in our eyes! The game finally started!!! I thought US would win the WHOLE game. They played a really good game but none of there shots would go in! It was sooo sad! The game pretty much went the same...missed shots by US, made shots by Germany. It was super depressing!!!!!!! Finally US lost 3-0. Waaaaa! USA looked SOOO sad out there. They were like on bended knee with there head burried in their face. :( I took many pictures. Then there was a long break. I just sat on our seats the whole time. My dad went to go get hot-dogs. They were kind of gross. :P When Canada and Sweeden started to warm up on the field my brother, sister, and I went down to the front row seats and I took some pictures. My sister is a weirdo so she started to yell "GO BRITNEY!!!" and they guy who was standing nect to us goes "Who's Britney?" and mysister was like "Uh...I have no clue" *rolls eyes* The game finally started, yipee!! Canada took over the game at the sart and quickly made a goal. I was super happy since Canada is reallly bad!!! :) But then Sweeden stole the game RIGHT and the very end and ended up winning 2-1. I was so sad!! All the teams I rooted for lost, I think I am cursed. Well...its time to go to school! I will write more later Love, Laura

 Ohhhhhhhhh my goodness!! Yesterday was the best day EVER!!!!!! :D We went to the Lloyd Center mall for two whole hours! I got to go in every shop I wanted!!! :D After much deliberation I purchased a skirt and a sweater for sadie hawkins. They are soooooo coool! The skirt is like pin-striped. :D Yay! Then my dad came and picked my sister and I up and we headed to the soccer game. We rode the monerail. (Sp?) It took like a half an hour to get the PGE Park, where the game was being held. The train was sooooooooooo squished! I ould barely breathe!! When we finnally arived at PGE there was a HUGE line to get in! To we stood in line with all the crazy soccer fanatics....I took a picture.

 HI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh gooodness! So much stuff since I last wrote! Ok....friday. The freshman WON color war. A gift, yet a curse! Now they get to torcher me in two weeks! Ah! I am really scared! Hahha.... Then I went right to rowing and I had the worst row I have EVER had in my LIFE. I was with Emily and these two other kids who where like going out or somethign cuz the whole time they were flirtying with eachother. It was SOO annoying. I wanted to throw 'em into the water :) And if that wasn't bad enough, they complained the whole row that they were tired so they stopped half way through and Emily and I had to row the 3 miles back by OURSELVES. GRR! I was SOOOOO mad! *takes a deep breath* Right after that I went home. They poured the concrete yesterday. So I packed my bag, changed clothes, did my hair, and stuffed a peice of pizza in my mouth. 5 minutes later I was out the door again! I went to Katies house. We went to the mall!!!!! It was SO much fun! Hahha...I picked out the skirt and shirt I am getting for the Sadie Hawkins. It is SO coool. Its pin-striped! Yay!!!!!! Then we went home and watched Monty Pithon and the Holy Grail. It was Kaites first time! *wild applause* She now joins THE club!! She htought it was odd... *sigh* So we went to bed at 11-ish and woke up at 8. Then I ate a bagel and my dad came to pick me up. I went to go row. I had a much better row then yesterday!!!! It started to rain, though, which wasn't much fun. My dad picked me up and we went to Fred Meyers to see the ocsar meyer wiener car!!! Hahha! It was SOO coool! We then went home and I took a shower. Then I went on the computer and that is where I am right now, updating my blog! :D That is all!!! Love, Laura P.S. SUPERCHIC[K] INSTORE OCTOBER 23 AT CHRISTIAN SUPPLY. Its absolutely FREE!! Be there, or be square!

 Hi everyone!!!!!! Today shall be interesting..... :P Its a friday. Today is color war! Hahhaha... I am wearing bluuuuuueee.... :D After school I have to ROW. Grrrrr...I don't feel like doing any physical activity at the moment. Then I go to KATIE'S house!!!!! *woot* We are going to go shopping at the mall then watch PETER PAN! Hhahahahahahha... tinkerbell rocks! :P I gotta goooo do my hair :P BYE! Laura

 Hi everyone!! I just got back from CYT. It was funn... :D Just call me SPUNKY! Haha. Call Karsen Sausage! :P Ok, dude. I was at ASB today and they are having a Sadie Hawkins in three weeks. AHHHHHH!!! What am I gonna do??? Who should I ask? AH! What do you wear to a sadie hawkins? Karsens mom thinks you wear matching clothes but I want a pretty new dress. :P I need to take High Shcool 101. Everything is sooooo confusing!

 Hi!!! This morning was really nice!!!! I woke up aty 5:30 and took a shower. This morning I got ready for everything by 6:30. So the rest of the morning I have just walked around aimlessly. Its pretty great! I practiced my piano too. Haha... Today I have a student council meeting then I go to Christian Youth Theatre. *wot* :D CONSTRUCTION CHRONICLES! They showed up at 6:50!!!!!!! They wake up wayyy to early. Its kinda scary becuase there are so many people here so early. everywhere I turn they are in mt FACE! Its a little scary. :) Well...I guess I will write more later... Love, Laura P.S. I GET TO SEE USA IN A WORLD CUP GAME ON SUNDAY!!! EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEHHHHH!!!!!!!! I AM SOOOOOOO EXCITED! :D

 P.S. My aunt was in the paper today!!! To read to article go here: http://www.oregonlive.com/search/index.ssf?/base/metro_north_news/1065009428244190.xml?oregonian?nn

 Today has been a sucsess. I did everything humanly possible for me today. Here is a lsit of some of the things I did! Practiced my geeetar Ran around the neighborhood Did the happy dance Helped someone Made MONEY! Read a book Danced to Superchick Cleaned 3 toilets talked to 5 friends Had a phone conversation with a friend Practiced my piano Did homework Found many reasons why Kentucky is better than Marquette Gave someone directions to 84th circle Watched the sermon chanel Combed my hair Stayed in my PJ's till 11 Wow...what a success! *group hug* *~Laura~*

 The Construction Chronicles As you probably know our house is under construction. I shall update you on random consturction things.... :D Funny Quote made by our workers..... "Hannconamattata.....huh? What?" "This bloody *beep*, I'm never using that again. "Thas cool...thats COOOOOOOL" It feels pretty *beep* tight in there" Gosh...they are fun to listen to!!!!!!!! Haha...more to come :)

 HI! So those people aren't pouring the conncreet... I was wrong. I am ashamed. They are putting these thingys in to pour the concrete into :) I just got done cleaing. It was OK. Now I am going to fill the rest of my blog with RANDOM thoughts! YES! Person of The Day Taylor Ann Why? She was with me on the whole Kenutcky thing AND the whole...OTHER thing. Mwa haha Thing of the day FUNSHINE Care bear!!!!!!!!!!!!! Some of my friends will get this...it reminds me of Sunshine and thats a good thing! :P Song of the day Not Done Yet by: Superchic[k]! Saying of the day "HIT ME WITH YOUR BEST SHOT!" :) :) :) Well..I guess thats enough randomness for right now... :) BYE! Laura

 FOUNDATION TIME! Dude! Like 6 trucks just pulled in our drive way. Its time to pour the concrete!!!! All these worker dudes are climbing up our rope swing...Hahha... They are fun to stare at through the window!

 Hi Everyone!!!!! Well...Its Wednesday! Today I don't have school so I slept in tilll 9! *woot* My sister was workng on school work so I practiced my piano for like an hour, I was THAT bored. Then I cleaned my room for like the first like in 6 months. It was odd. I found 15 cents! *woot* I am rich!!!!!! My sister is finally done so now I am here. What a boring day. Later, I am going to clean. Great... at least I get paid. ¡Randomness! "Someday my prince will come" I like Relient K I get to go to a Superchic[k] concert in 9 days!!!!!! Gosh..that was short. My mind is laking this morning. well...i guess this is bye. Love, Laura P.S. My poetry skills are lacking, But Marquette still deserves a sacking. :P :P :P Thats for YOU Taylor!

 Did I tell you guys that this is the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me... Miss Laura! Omgosh girlie do you have any understand ing of how much I adore you? Seriously, it makes my day to much better when I know I get to see Laura's cute face I just thought I would let you know I love you sooo much...tha nks for always listening I wuv you Shannon!! One time, like 2 years ago, at camp this girl said to me, "You wear makeup? I thought you were naturally beautiful!" Now that I think about it, it isn't as nice as I thought it was..but still! :) I just got back form bibl study, it was fun :) Yup..thats all I did today.

 Hi folks!! This holiday Laura expected record gains, alas, this is not true. Since its a little akward telling you much I weigh, I will just tlel you the gains... A WHOPPING .... 3 POUNDS!! *wild applause* Thanks you. Thank you.

 since Mandy told some about her family I thought i would tell you about mine..well my Aunt is a ex-beauty queen. Haha. She was like Miss Washington or something like that. SO she tried to get my cousin to be a beauty queen to, she was like little miss clark county or something. Hahah. Then my uncle is a physciatrsit and so are to 2 cousins. Then my aunr is an artist. Hahhaha I have an interesting life. Then my family...we are boring. My dad is an architect... :D The End. That was a really short and bad post, btu please forgive me, my time runs out in 1 minute :)

 HI EVERYONE! I am in Cannon Beach right now. Yup! I will tell you about yesterday.. OK, the beginning. My mom woke me up at 12 saying "Are you going to sleep all day?!" I was like No...its only 12!! So I wok eup and ate some pizza. Then like 15 minutes later our POWER WENT OUT! So, being me, I freaked. "WHAT NOT TO WEAR MARATHON STARTS IN 2 HOURS!! I can't watch it if the power is out!" So then my brother was all like "Your not a very good christian if all you care about is tv!!" So I was like "Right...." So then we deiceded to go watch my brother and his best friend, Kyle, surf in the ocean. One problem, we had no clue where they were surfing at...so we drove around EVERY stinkin' where for like 2 hours trying to find them btu we couldn't. We got out at a few beached but considering we were in the middle of a stormy strom I went out then ran back to the car. Everyone else in my family was SOAKED! Then we went home and it started to get dark, really dark. Our power was still out and we only had like 3 candle. I called Katie with my dads cellphone and we talked for a bit then I tried to read great expectations by candel light, an interesting experience to say the least. I felt kidna like Biddy...I don't want to maryy Joe!! At about 6 we started to kinda worry about Jacob and Kyle...it was pitch dark and really stormy. I waspretty scared that they were lost at sea or something. Finally, at like 6:30 they came home, then we drove to find some place to eat where they had power, we drove for about 30 minutes then finally found a taco bell to eat at. It was kinda nasty :) Then we went home and the power was still out. To end this story fast because I am almost out of time at the library, the power went on at about 10 P.M. and I got to watch the final 2 episodes of what not to wear. :D I love you guys!! Laura

 Lallala...I am at my aunts house. Yup.

 They started playing my favorite commercail! YES! Its the one with the hersheys kissed that play the bell song! YIPEE! Its begining to feeel a lot like chirstmas!

 So, I am watching the Macy's parade and they are like here comes a famous artist at the age of twenty, he must be happy- he was just named one of People Magazines sexiest men alive. He is freaking ugly! He is singing sound of music, his nose is all red- he must be cold.

 I hope you and your familr and/or friends have a joyous holiday!! (Thats the most cliche thing I have ever posted here. haha) I am off to my aunts house then the beach so I may not update for awhile :( I love you guys!!!!!! Laura

 http://gozags.ocsn.com/sports/m-baskbl/mtt/raivio_derek00.html go there to see that guys son! :D

 So..I was at my grandmas new house place thing. And this guy comes up and he is my dads friend. HE USED TO BE IN THE NBA AND HIS SON IS ON THE GONZAGA TEAM! He is so utterly cool, that is why he is the person of the day! :D

 HI! Today was an interesting day...I woke up at 8 and cleaned. Then at 10:30 I went to go baby sit this girl....she is crazy. Then I went to guitar! It was soo much ufn! Yippeee! My teacher has a mullet. Hhahah. He is cool. Then I went home and Heather, Sara, and Christa cam eover to do my play stuff. YIPPEE! We are making a movie. It was awesome! I am SO excited! Yipeeee!

 Oh gosh. I am still stuck here! Remember that coat my sister got? MY COAT? Well, the buttons fell off of it so my mom is at Nordstrom getting it fixed. Hah Thats what happens when you steal MY clothes, yoru cursed for life. Enjoy it, Hannah Oh, my mom paid for her coat, thats the only reason I couldn't get it today- my mom is making me pay for it. UGH! Oh well, next stop-downtown portland. Yipee!

 Hi everyone! I am at the mall and in a bad mood, thank goodness for the Mac store. My sister bought MY coat. IT WAS MYY COAT! UGH! Why did she have to come with us anyways? it was just supposed to be mom and me. Stupid sister, she ruins everything

 Today I am uncontrolably happy! Yippeee!! Only 2 days of school left. oh. CRAPP!!! CRAPPITY CRAP!! I forgot to read 10 chapters of great expectations. UGH! We have a quiz today. SAVE ME!

 Here is a really weird thing I thought in my head while watchign curch on the internet.. "Wow, this song is really annoying..OOH that guy is hoott!! Man, what a great song."

 Hi! This sunday was pretty boring. I woke up at 11 and finished my collage. Then at 12 we went to Red Robin, we met my grandparents there. It was ok. I don't really like red robin though. Yeah. I got fetticuine alfredo, my favorite! Then we went home and I played the computer. Then we went to holly wodd video and I got two musicals. I watched half of both of 'em, I didn't like either. I just cleaned my rooom now I am updating my blog. YUp.

 I have been trying to find one aallll day, with no luck :( Any ideas?

 Its ME! Me me me me me me

 You guys have to go!! Its the best thing (besides creation, of course!) Its totally awesome! Go to www.aquirethefire.com for more info and mark your calender- April 16-17, If you live by me :)

 My good friend Abby moved to New Mexico todya. We had a going away party at school and heather brought yummy cookies. A stupid dya. I did good on my WA history test! Yipeee! I went to the mall and didn't see Sara, but Cami's parents, no Cami :( Lala. Now it is time to eat dinner. Noting exciting happend today. Yup. Nothing.

 Yup. Thursday. Bad bad bad. For some reason I was super hungry. Hmm. I only ate lunch. That might be why.. ;) So I went to ASB but it ended at 2:25 and my mom wouldn't come to 3 so I just sat around. I couldn't study for WA state history because my book was at home so I did absolutely nothing. Fun. Then I went home and like 5 minutes later I went to CYT. I don't know if I will do Annie anymore. I don't really like CYT. I always seem to be a loner and out of the loop. I also can't sing, dance. or act. Hmm. My brother came come from New Zeland. Our teacher was sick so Anna took charge then Eliza kept yelling at everyone. I just wanted to hide in a little hole. The whole day I was stiffling back tears. I am a loser. I want a friend I can tell everything. One I can cry to. One I can tell the achievements and not be put down. One I can tell my failures too. I just need someone. I don't feel like I have any real friends. At least I have you, blogger.

 Hi everyone! All day long I have been studying spanish and washiington state history. YUCK! Now I am watching a JFK show on PBS. Its awesome. I love history like this, not washington state history. I love history from the 1800+ Its awesome. I want to be a history teacher. I would love that. I would bea fun teacher. We would play history games and I could hand out candy. I would also love to be a teacher because you are so close to all these childrens lives. You can even change there hwole lives. I want to give every single child an oppurtunuity to be SMART and have many friends. I hate when people are all alone. I think the only reason there is bullys in school violence and such is beacause first they are all alone. The "popular crowd" starts making fun of them. What do you think when someone makes fun fo you? if you are like me you get angry. Very angry. So these kids let out there anger on people. If we could just be kind to everyone we could bring a stop to school violence. It could happen. Think of Columbine, so many lives could have been saved if people would have been friend to the killers.. *sigh* What a world....what a world. Do people just not realize what that the thigns they do and say have such a great affect on a persons intire life?

 Yesterday was an absoutlely horrible day. I got in trouble 3 times in 2 minutes, I was blogging and I wasn't supposed too (?), I left the blow dryer down stairs, and something else that I don't remember now... :) So, as a result I coudn't use the computer all day. Yuck. School was bad. At lunch Zane and Ben got into a huge fight and Ben punched a hole in the wall and I was like right next to him so I had to talk to our principal about what happened and tell ehr what I saw. It was so stinkin' scary. I was like shaking. Aaron joined the water bottle game yesterday! He sat right next to me. That was *ahem* interesting. If all those preppy girls want Aaron to look at them they should should start throwing water bottles at eachother, it works mighty fine! Then I went to a going away party for me dear abby...:( It was fun! Then I went to church which was SUPER fun! Then I went come and finished cleaning the house and studied for spanish. Then this morning I woke up early cuz we had a field trip. We picked up Sara and went to school. Then we got on the bus and it started to snow. So we headed to portland and went to the art museum. When we were done they said we had to go back to school. It was SO sad because we were going ot go shopping but because of the snow we had to go home. Waaa So we waited at school for 45 minutes then Sara's mom came and picked us up. Then I went home and played in the snow with my cute little neighbor and took pictures. :) Now I am here. All toasty warm. And that my friend, is a quick overveiw the the last two days happenings. Peace. Laura

 Last night I had the scarriest dream ever. I dreamed that our school was bombed and everyone in our school died except for my sister and I. It was absolutely horrible. Now I am scared out of my wits.... I took a really short shower so there is still some shampoo in it...yuck! Every little sound I hear I think its a bomd or someone coming to kill me. Our house is quite scary in the mornings, I can't wait for day light. On a lighter note.. I really really want a digital camera for christmas! :D

 Thsi is what I did on Sunday afternoon... Well....First we went home. Then we headed to CYT and I sold a few raffell tickets. Then we left. We headed to Beaverton...It didn't take to long to get there. On my way I saw a krispy kream..yum! So first we went to this used clothes store. They didn't have anything good. So we went to Nordstrom rack, which is an awesome store. I tried on a few pairs on jeans and 2 winter formal dresses. Everything was ugly. :) It didn't really fit right. SO I went and looked at shoes. They had so many good Pumas! But I can't buy pumas...so I steered away from the athletic asile and went to look for some pointy flats. I found on good pair.But then, suddenly my eyes caught a pair laying on the ground. HOLY MACARONI I screamed in my head, are those what I think they are. I picked them up and felt the smooth black leather and the silver silleotte heel. I looked at the tag. Holy cow. These are the ones. My objects of affection first seen in Lucky magazine. I have wanted them for years. They were Marc Jacobs 400 dolar leather pointy high heels. They were more than 80 percent off, only 60 bucks. They were stunning. I ran over to my mom, LOOK AT THESE!!! (Now heres the sad part) They were size 10. I should have gotten them. They kind of fit, kinda. *sigh* Those shoes are just a figment of my imagination now. They were too good for me. Then, we went to Ross just in case they had a good dress for winter formal. And boy oh boy, they did! Hhaha. I found this GORGEOUSSSS blue dress and I looked at the price tag, 20 bucks! I squealed with delight! Its song and it has a low back with these criss crosy things. Its kind of hard to explain, but its pretty! Then we went to Target and I got some earings to match. Thennn...my dad took my mom and I to KRISPY KREAM! Yum! Its mighty tasty. Then we went back to CYT and got there right hwen the performance ended. I found some friends and we walked around aimlessly for a bit. Thenn...my friend named..oh gosh. I don't even remember his name. Haha. Well he was all like"Hey, can I ask for a favor?" To me and Liz and we were like okkayyy... and the favor was TEE PEEING/ a SARAN WRAPPING BEKAH'S (the director) CAR! Hahhahah It was the most fun ever. It was me, Liz, Elvis, and Elvis's best friend- Malakai (I think I spelled it wrong) First we put toilet paper alllll over it then we covered the toilet paper with SARAN! It was soo much being,,ya know..being in the dark..with elvis. JOKING! His best friend is almost as cool as himself. He was wearing a air1 sweatshirt and looked like matt theison. While we were saran wrapping the car Malakai and Elvis were runnign around the car with the rolls so it would be coever (does that make sense? :) ) And I was standing there trying to get it stuck to the attenae and they wrapped the tiolet paper around me so I was stuck to the car. Hahha. It was quite amusing. Then we ran away because Bekah paid these little kids to spy on us so she could make her revenge and Cody could only case them around the trees for so long. :D Then we were all soaking wet and cold so we ran back inside right intime for the party to start. First they gave out awards. Blah blah blah. Then they did the secret pal thing. More blah. Then we ate PIZZA! Yumm yumm. Then they did these little skit thigns called strikes. They were quite amusin. By then it was 10 so we al headed home and squirmed into our little beddies *cough SCOOBY DOO SHEETS! cough cough*** THE END!

 Laura is busy so she asked me, your host, to update it. She has a really long update coming very soon, now she must go to piano. Best wishes. Your host

 Did I tell you how weird I smell today? Haha. I smell like that Axe spray guys always wear. Gross.

 Hi everyone! Its Laura again! I went to church today. Yup, I did. :) I saw a few people I knew. In about 20 minutes we are heading to CYT because they are doing a specail worship service, I am excited. :D Then my mom, dad, and I are going shopping. Yippee! :D Then its the PARTY! I am bringing a camera for ya'll so hopefully I can get some pictures up on tripod for ya'll to see. :D I better gooo... (Gotta go, gotta go, gotta go right now!) *Laura Fantora*

 Why do I have to be born this way? Why can't I be like all the other girls? Pretty, skinny, smart, popular- Perfect. Why, I ask? Because I am a christian, I don't want to be like everyone else. I want people to wonder what is different about me. A difference. I want to make a change, I want to touch lifes. I don't just want to be popular or pretty. Everyone doesn't have to like me. Guy don't have no fall in love with my smile. If I was the only one in the world who loved me, I would feel wonderful, because I have God. I would keep going. Never stop. Laura

 Hi everyone! Karsen and I just finished play trouble! I won all two times! Mwa hahaha.. (Karsen hisses) Lala. We are going to CYT pretty soon. Yup. I suppose thats it Hahha (Karsen says "squishy" :D ) Love, Laura and Karsen

 We just got back from CYT and all I have to say isss... SQUISHY!!!! Te heheh...Its a long story. (You shall never know the true indenity of SQUISHY! Mwa hahahhahaha) Hmm... Karsen and I got in trouble because we were doing Chelsea's hair in the guys dressing room...lalal. We are quite inocent if you ask me. SQUISHY!! (that was Karsen....) So...I got a picure of the sheriff for YOU mandy!!! Its grand, I think I will put it on my wall...or not. Hahha. I am not obsessed. Nope not me. I don't even like him. Hahha.. Okkayyy. (Karsen says "Squishy!") Uh....Elvis was wearing a shirt that said "Some mornings I just don't feel like slaying dragons" I think I get it....isn't it like that movie? Never mind... Llalalla His faavorite candy are those chumpachunk thingys. I think that is absolutely disgusting. I wouldn't eat one if you paid me...well maybe if you paid me, But that is besides the point. (Karsen says "EIF!") Hmm... Tomorrow we are going to make Karsens hair look all gorgeous then...our plan will be COMPLETE! Mwa hahahah. (Karsen adds "Squishy" Gosh, she obbsessed ;) ) Well not really... You shoul dsee me Hahhaha Remmeber that one time when I stalked Davis? Hhahah. Yeah... I knew his paretns names and ages, phone number, address, and I would always look at ariel photos of his house... Hahha Those were the days.... Soo.... Well.... Karsen is spending the night if you didn't already know that. She is sleeping in my sisters bed. Hmmm.. Ooh! Tomorrow....*starts singing* The sun willlll commmmmme out tooooomorrrow!! Tomorrow we get to go to the play AGAIN! Yippppeee! (Karsen says... can you guess? "Squishhhhyyy" Well, I guess thats it. Haha. Wait, its not it!! Did I tell you how many people in the play are sick? Its baaadd... Elvis's little brother has the flu and right b4 his part he got a bloody nse it was bad. Elvis was tryign to get into the bathroom to get kleenex and he was like "I must help me brother!!!" Lalalal I better go.... BYE! Love, Laura and Karsen

 Te hehhe. I just thought I would blog and tell ya'll. Lala. Soon we are going to CYT Yipppppeee!!! Te hehehehhehe. Squishy is gonna be there, sheriff too. Hhahahah I love code names! Karsen wont type anything. Hmm.. Abby is moving :( waaaa... 7 days....that reminds me of the ring. Tee hehehhe. Well...I guess thats all.. I am out like a light on a dark october night... Laura

 Hi everyone! I hope ya'll are doing greta on this lovely Friday morning! Right now I am watching TVU while my wet hair drips all over my white shirt. :) Yippee. Today should be interesting... In a good way of course. I am so incredibly tired. Yuckk. I don't want to go to school today. Oh well. :) Taylor, you need to update your blog :) I guess thats it... Love, Laura

 Hi everyone! I just got back from CYT, we were working on our showcase. I get to beat a girl up. YES! Haha. You had to be there...:) Sheriff...Yeah. Haha. I don't REALLY like him. KARSEN IS COMING OVER TOMORROW!! Karsennnn....remind me at school- we have to play our activitys, my mom wants to tak eus shopping in portland, if thats ok with you. ;) I better go. Love, Laura

 I am at school. Today is a fairly stupid day. At least Taylors awesome sister, Zoey gave me APPLES! Yum! I was soo hungry! I had to hide in the bathroom then run into the lunch room to get them. They were quite tasty. I wrote her a lovely thank you note. :) I must go study Sara Jane Gallagher. LATER! Love, Laura

 John Ruuuuuuu inspired my rapping carerr (how do you sepll that?!) So he desereves to be PERSON OF THE WEEEK! Cha ching! I love his video "move" You have to see it. When he wears to cheerleader outfit its alittle nasty...good thing he lost all that weight ;) go here for a pic... http://www.johnreuben.com/photos/pic3.html

 My friend went to hhis house on Monday (I wish I could have...) And his favorite movie is Monty Pithon and the Holy Grail. Hhahaha End of the story. When he was five girls would always chase him...haha.

 Hi everyone! Today was an interesting day... I woke up at 6 and took a shower then at about 7 we headed to the theatre. I watched the first show and during the second show I read great expectations. Sadly, no contact with the sheriff. But, Sara was there! Yippee! So I just hung out at the theatre becasue they were taking pictures. I got invited to aparty!! Haha. Elvis probably went. I didn't go because I thought Matt and I were going to clean but we ended up not cleaning. How annoying. Right when I got home I went to my room and just cried because...I dunno. I guess I was sad. While I was laying on my pillow I guess I felll asleep. I just woke up. Haha. Today was a dull day. Love, Laura

 I found this poem @ mannacabana.com and I thought it was really pretty... As the Master molds the clay, it’s a lump no one recognizes. Ugly formless its color is gray, nothing of care, nothing of beauty. Clipping, kneading, rolling with skill, stretching, forming, and pinching a shape. The Master is molding it to His will, the clay has nothing to say about it. Delicate features immerging now, taking shape before His eyes. Color and details starting to show, back into the fire for another round. When He looks at what He has done, admires the colors and glaze. In some ways He and the pot are one, it is a reflection of Him who made it. Empty and formless without direction, in a lot of ways that clay is me. Through the Lord was a resurrection, molded and formed in the Master’s hand.

 Disclamer: I did not alter this quote in any way. :D "Let me take your picture with Elvis!!!!!" My dad "NOOO!" Me ;)

 I must find a perfect song. I MUST get in. Elvis will probally be in it. I must get in. I MUST GET IN! I found a really super good song but I can't tell you what song becasue YOU WILL STEAL IT! I must get a part. Any part will do. I must be in Annie. I MUST! I will be a maid, a tree, ANYTHING! Mwa haha. Must see sheriff. Did I tell you my luck? Hahha. I get to see Elvic tomorrow, thrusday, friday, saturday, and SUNDAY! YIPPE! There is a party on sunday. Yay

 You know in our presentations in WA history, if Mr. Alber finds one spelling mistake in the whole thing you get a bad grade? Well, thats how I feel about myself. If there is even one mistake, one little error, I feel like I am a bad person. I make my whole self bad. I am quite confusing. Well, I don't have any school today. I am "sick" so I am going to see if I can get out of rowing for today. This is my last week of rowing. Yippee! I have to do soooo much school work. Yuck! Then I am going to church. Yippeee! That is all. Love, Laura

 Hahha. It smy brothers birthday party. Yippe. The rowing thing was kinda dumb, I have like no friends. Lol Then my mom toook me to the kiggins to see Pirates of the Carribean. It was a dumb movie. Hahha. Alll my borthers friends were there. They are quite messed up. When Orlando Bloom first shows up they yell "HE IS SOOOOO HOT!" save me! Hahha. Today is a dull day. I am startigna homeschooling group with Taylor! Yipppee! Its gonna be GRAND! We even get SNAKIES! Te hehe. Well... I think thats it. I shall update later tonight. I DON'T HAVE SCHOOL TOMORROW! YIPPPPPPEEE! OR THE NEXT DAY....

 I typed a HUGE thing about my somewhat comatose day and it got DELETED! How bothersome. Well now I am off to a rowing thing then a double feature at the Kiggins. :D LATER!

 I was quite depressed last night. Sorry :) Today we had a veterans day assembly, the veterns moto is "Be Happy" i think thats a jolly fine name. School was...YUCK! Did i tell you Taylor and I are quiting school? Hahaa. We are starting a homeschooling club! Yes! I wonder if the sheriff would like to join our club, I will have to ask him. THE AARON UPDATE (Just for you, Mandy) Today....We had to do these hall of fame things (I am currently wining for most stylish!! Whats with that? I am not stylish...haha) and Katie and Lauren made Aaron vote for me for nicest. Haha. So I know I have at least 6 votes for niceest! Ha ha Uh oh. My brother is stealing the computer. I will finish my story later! ADIOS!

 Why is it...that sometimes I feel beautiful, yet sometimes I feel worthless and ugly? Sometimes I have worthand sometimes I am nothing? Why do I always make myself mad? Why do I fret over the ones I love but not even care of the ones I do not know? Why do I care so much about what one guy thinks of me then suddenly he is gone, away from my presence. Whisked away never to be seen again. How can I feel wonderful then suddenly go into a deep depression? I just don't understand. Yesterday I felt beautiful. I felt like the world was watching my every step. Now I feel like a thorn on the bush, a mistake, never ment to happen. I feel like when the world sees me they quickly look away. They don't even stop to talk. All this because of one persons oppions. One persons scorn. You may not have known how much you can effect one person. You can change there life. Make that change. Do the right. You will be rewareded. You don't evenhave to save there life. Just say hi. Smile. Give them a call, a hug. Anything really. You don't know how much that little friendly emotion will do for that person.

 Beside the fact that I have the new RK cd..today was a bleh day. The sheriff barely even looked at me. All the other guys did though. Lol. Its funny how that always happens....

 Yup. Thats right. I saw him. I didn't talk to him though. He came alte and left early. *sigh* He got new clothes and styles his hair differently. It looks nice. :D I just tooka shower and now I am off to the play. Ooh. My mom is getting me the rk chirstmas album and I get it in like a half an hour! Yipppee! Later Gators. I am off the see the sheriff. ADIOS! :D Laura Fantora

 I just got back from the 7 o'clock show! It was grand! I didn't watch it so I just stayed back stage with my friend and ELVIS'S sister!! Hahah. She was awesome. She was 7, I think. She told us all of Elvis's depest darkest secrets. Well, not really. She told us what his room looked like. He has a scooby doo poster, a MXPX poster, and a "bunch of guitar stuff" Hahha. How cool is that. I talked to him! Hahah. He said "Are you eyes really that blue? I go "No, they are contacts." "Oh...wow! They look really cool!" It was a little uncomfortable though...considering I was standing in the guys DRESSING ROOM! Lol. It wasn't bad though. He wasjust about to take his shirt of when my friend and I walked in trying to find the owner of a sword we found. Haha. All these guys were changing wiht there shirts of. It was a little odd. :D All the guys noticed me today. It was odd. They were all like "Your hair looks really pretty!" "I love your hair like that!" I was like ooookkkay. My hair wasn't all that great. Just these little twisty things. La la la I don't think anything else exciting happened. Right now my brother birthday thingy is happening. Haha. I am in a laughing mood. La de da de. I better be going! Talk to ya'll later!! Laura

 Yup! Today is my brothers birthday. Happy birthday. I just got back from the show. I only saw him once. But I am going to the 7 show too. I have to sell raffle tickets. Yippee. I also sell merchandise. Haha. I just got back from target. I got my sister a chirstmas present. I also bought some hallween candy for 9 cents. The candy has been the only thing I have eaten all day so now I feel a little sick. :) I am going to keep a list of people I see at the shows. 3 O'clock Saturday. 3 People from church, Keary (she rocks!) her sister Amy, and this girl whose name is Britney. My ENGLISH teacher and her BOYFRIEND! Hahha That was a little scary. At least she is really nice. :D I only saw Elvis when my mom and I were walking down stairs to talk to Jennifer ( a girl from my school) about singing Matt the birthday song. :) So yeah. Now I am going back to the theatre. Yipppeee! Haha

 Hey guys!!! I hope ya'll are doing well. I am doing just peachy, as Heather the wonderful would say. :D I just got back from the play. It wasn't that wonderful. Well, all the peeps (YUM! Marshmallow..I love peeeps!) did an awesome job but I didn't get to hang out with Mr. Hotness at all! (Now refered to as "Elvis") I looked for him after the show, but he was no where to be found. We went to an after show party. It was GREAT fun! But we left way to stinkin' early. The dancing didn't even start. *sigh* Mr. Hotness showed up in an Elvis costume. It was SO funny! Gosh, he rocks. I just want to make something clear, he is not as hot and Sunshine. BUUUUTTT!!! HE SINGS AND LOOOVES TO PLAY THE GEE-TAR! Hhahahah. I htink next time I see him I will have to ask him what kind of guitar he plays. He wants to be a worship pastor. I could go for that. ;) Gosh, I am a freak. Laura is very tired and must get her beauty sleep. 11 MORE SHOWS!!! 22 HOURS OF STARING AT HIS FACE! Cha ching. Happiness. I don't like him. I really don't.

 Hey guys!!! I hope ya'll are doing well. I am doing just peachy, as Heather the wonderful would say. :D I just got back from the play. It wasn't that wonderful. Well, all the peeps (YUM! Marshmallow..I love peeeps!) did an awesome job but I didn't get to hang out with Mr. Hotness at all! (Now refered to as "Elvis") I looked for him after the show, but he was no where to be found. We went to an after show party. It was GREAT fun! But we left way to stinkin' early. The dancing didn't even start. *sigh* Mr. Hotness showed up in an Elvis costume. It was SO funny! Gosh, he rocks. I just want to make something clear, he is not as hot and Sunshine. BUUUUTTT!!! HE SINGS AND LOOOVES TO PLAY THE GEE-TAR! Hhahahah. I htink next time I see him I will have to ask him what kind of guitar he plays. He wants to be a worship pastor. I could go for that. ;) Gosh, I am a freak. Laura is very tired and must get her beauty sleep. 11 MORE SHOWS!!! 22 HOURS OF STARING AT HIS FACE! Cha ching. Happiness. I don't like him. I really don't.

 To be a one girl revolution... Yesterday was a...well...BAD day. Haha. School was ok. I had a test in math. Yuck. It had these true or false questions that I don't think I did very good at. I went to ASB. It was..ASB. Yeahh. Then I went home and made some noodles. Then I went to CYT. It was quite boring. There was only four people there...all girls. So we just talked and painted our nails, fun but a waste of time. Then I went to the rehersal. Yuck! I walked around with this girl named Eliza who is an exchange student from Brazil. She is cool. But i REALLLY needed to study because today I am going to FAIL two quizzes in two classes. So I never got to study. I am in a horrible mood. *sigh* Today is a bad hair day and a "nothing good about me day" I woke up at 5:30 then I just did homework all morning so I haven't had time to take a shower or anything. Oh well, it doesn't really matter what I lok like at schoool. Yuck. I am a nervous wreck. Thank God its the weekend. Goals for this weekend: Study Spanish Write great expectations character anylis clean room be in contact with Mr. Hotness at the play Don't slack of See sunshine at church Get closer to God Wrap Matt's present (his birthday is tomorrow!) I think thats about it.. OOH! wait...this oen is most important... GET BETTER GRADES!!! Gosh, hate school. I hate every little thing about it. I am such a mess. I better go study. Love, Laura

 teee heheh. I am a bad child. I am in washington state history. MWA HAHAHA! We are suppoesd to be finding stuff about lewis and clark. Mwa hA. I am quite evil. WELLL....Eric is looking at ESPN so I have an excuse. I am one cool chick. Later gators. The sub is glarring.

 Hahah. I make myself laugh. Well...before I tell you about my "encounter" I must update you on what I have been doing lately... Today I woke up and read my bible...then matt and I cleaned the house. (Noticeed I am capitilaized! Mwa haha...) Then I tooka shower and my myself look really gorgeous... Haha. riiggghhhtt.. Anyways. Then I went to my sisters dress rehersal. HE was there. Lol Lol. I will not mention any names, considering when Karsen reads this she will torcher me for life. So I just sat and watched him act. (STORY TIME) Then he walked of the stage and walked right up to me and goes "Hey! What are you reading?" Then he sits RIGHT next to me. I go "Great Expectations..the stupidest book in the world" then he says "Sounds...uh...stupid?" Hahahhaha. It was quite amusing. Then he just sat by me and watched the rest of the play. *sigh* :P THE END! What a marvelous story!

 Hahhaa... I forgot to tell ya'll this. I AM IN THE PAPER. IN THE SPORTS SECTION!!! Gosh, I rock. I got in that luverly section BEFORE Marc OR Eric!!! Hahhahahahhahahaha...They think they are TALENETED! Maybe its just my full name..in size 10 font. But sitll, its SOMETHING! Just think. Soon, I will be in color on the front PAGE! Tee hehehe! :D I am so coool.

 Today started out as a bad day. First, I felt absolutely worthless. I don't get the best grades, I am not thta good at sports, I am not the best christian either. So I felt like no one should love me because I am such a horrible person. ALl my sins were weighing me to far down. So I just spent all morning trying to mold myself into a better person. It worked...kinda of. I was still so depressed. Then I get to rowing. First...ther eis this girl on my rowing team. Her name is Andee. She is the nicest girl alive and she was always SUPER happy. I will always remember her smiling! So I get to rowing and Allyson tells me that her mom came to rowing and asked everyone if they knew where she was. She is missing. All her parents could find was her wallet. She is only 17. Now the police and everyone are searching for her. I am so scared. She was such an awesome person. So that whole thing made me realize how precious life is. I know I will die, that time is not that far away. But in my death I want to change the world. I don't want to die and have no one remember me. I want people to remember me because I was a christian. *sigh* I love my life, I wouldn't trade it for anything in the world. peaceroni. Laura

 All today I have had this indescribable happiness! All day I have beensuper duper happy happy. Its so great! A girl on my rowing team ran away from home.. :( Keeep her in your prayers. I don't know how this could happen..she always seemed SO happy. :( I better go to youth group! I love you guys! Laura

 Mandy!! Lol!!! I had an awesome dream last night! I dreamed that Mandy came over to my house! Yippeee! We were also the bridesmaids in some persons wedding...that part was a little odd :) You know what. I must be a pretty cool chick. Everyone is copying me. Like, I got a blog and now like all my friends have one. Odd? I think not...I must just be super special and coool... Not only did all my friends get a blog they all have the same design as me. Lol. Sometimes tis fun to be copied but sometimes it gets a little annoying. :) Lala Its tuesday morning. I don't really like Tuesdays. Hmm...I feel sick and my hair looks absolutely aweful. But I can fix that. I love straighteners. :D Bye all you lovely people... Laura



 I always have that question. Am I falling apart from the things I desire and love or do I have my feet on the ground, rock solid. Do I know my goals? do I have the power to achieve these goals? Or are they out of my reach. Will I forever fail to meet the high expectations I and others set for myself? I hope not. I am one confusing chick. Today I went to PIANO! Yeah. It was piano. Hahha. Interesting. She had smarties in her candy bowl! YUM At school I just tried to get someone to take me to the Five Iron Frenzy concert. I wanna go SO stinkin' bad. So I told Sara to ask her mom if she could take us. I would seriously pay for her ticket. Then my mom forced me to go to SPANKIES (kidna like goodwill...) to find a dress for WINTER FORMAL! HAH! I am sooo not getting a 10 dollar dress..I want a 300 dolllar one! So I went with an open mind, "Maybe I will find THE dress here..." But I didn't. Everything smelled and looked like crap. end of story. Then we went home and I cooked dinner. It was tasty I made this basil garlic sauce and I put it on nooodles. Then I went to hip hop. Now I am home Ohh!! My mom, brother, and sister will be gone ALL day EVERYDAY for like a week and a half! Yipppppeee!they have dress rehersals for that play! Te heehehe! I am so sitnkin' glad I am not in it!!! :D I better be leaving... Adious luverly amigos! *The Critic* P.S. anyone want to take hip-hop? ;)

 FROM HER F ACE! Gosh lizzie mcguire is scary. I just came back from my cousins birthday party. Guess what the theme was. Yup...Lizzie Mcguire it was pretty bothersome. I also went to bible study. It was much fun. Lalala.. Randomness... I WANT THAT DRESS I would be perfect if I had it "Self-acctualized" Acctually..if i just focus on getting things that will make me "perfect" i will never be perfect. There is always something more. *sigh* HAPPY THOUGHTS Gosh, I rock.

 Today I woke up at 10 then we went straight to portland. We had to go to the Lloyd center to get my sister some ballet shoes for the play. I just hung out in Nordstrom the whole time. :) Then we went to 23rd street! I didn't get point flats...:( They didn't have my size. Oh well! But I did find THE Dress. Gosh, its gorgeous. I found the most wonderful dress I will EVER lay my bright blue eys on. It had a halter top and. Oh its to hard to explain. Its absolutely stunning. To bad its 300 bucks BUT I WANT IT SOOOOO BAD. Really, I do. Maybe I will buy it. I mean 300 bucks isn't THAT bad for a designer dress. ;) I better go to my bible study Later gators. Layra

 I forgot to tell ya'll what I did for halloween. I will make this short and oh so simple. When I got home from school my mom gave me my special halloween goodie bag full of candy! yippeee! So I ate all the peeps. YUM! Then I went to rowing. We had a test thingy today. It was BAD. I almost thew up peeeps! Yuck! I didn't finish last this time! yipppeee! Then I went home and packed my bags. Sara came and picked me up and we ran off to Heathers house. When we got there we ate piiiizzzza then we changed into our costumes and went TRICK OR TREATING!! It was SO much fun! :) We saw two scary people from school though...this kid named Beau and the HALL LADY!!!!! She is the scariest person ALIVE! Hhahahahah. Then we went home and watched The Ring. It wasn't that scary. 5 days!! :) Lalallaa Then we went to bed. I got about 6 hours of sleep. Then we woke up and ate. Then I left and went to piano. The End

 Oh my gosh. I just got back from Wendy's. Hahhaha...I had the FUNNIEST idea right before I bought my food. I decided to make my dad order extra pickles with my chicked strips. (He was in the front seat) So he goes "Can I have a chicken strip meal with extra pickles?" and that worker guy goes "We can only give you extra pickles on a burger." My dad was all like "Please. We really need pickles" The guy goes "Well...if you really need them I guess you could have them" During this whole spectacle my sister and I laughed SOOOO stinkin' hard. We were like dying of laughter. (Can you die from laughing?) It was SOOO much fun. So I got my chicken. And my pickles... MmmmMmmMmm Now I am watching a show about CHEESE! *w00t* I better leave eth the bloggeth. Love, Laura

 Hahha..okay... Tomorrow i am going to FLORIDA!!! I can't contain my excitment..well here is how it goes.. We are leaving at 5...haha.EARLY! We will be in Florida at 7 because we have a super long layover in Georiga. I will make sure to take TONS of pictures for ya'll!! I wuv you guys!! Laura Fantora

 These canadians are pretty cool, now. They are funny. Yeah.. We ate dinner now Jona nd Matt are going ot LOTR.. I would go with them but I am toooo poor!!!! Yeah. I guess thats it.

 "Laura, with the big hair!" Hahhaha..right. My moms friend she met on ebay is over with his wife. They are from Canada. Creepyness. I don't like them, my om met them on EBAY! I mean really, thats a little scary.

 So, I stayed up till like 1 last night and since i am scared of the dark (I know...its weird) I slept in my moms room. Then I woke up at 11 and found I missed my contact oppoinment so no new colored contacts for me!! Then we went to walmart and I got new glasses. The lady said my head was so small that I had to shop in the kids department. Hah! I got like fisher price lenses. Its a little sad. :) Then we went to the mall the return a shirt my mom got my at nordys that was WAY to tight. It was crazy there!! There were so many beautiful girls there...haha. I mean really, they were. Everything on them was perfect. Then, there I was with my old jacket and my baggie jeans. But, I think I felt better then them...They probably had to get up at 4 to make sure everything was perfect! Hah! I woke up at 11 and we left at 11:10 and I still felt pretty. ;)

 By: Brandy Campbell I love Christmastime. But as I sit here in my darkened living room, watching the lights on the tree twinkle, inhaling the scent of cranberries and cinnamon, I wonder if I understand the season I love. I fear that I am not amazed by the Advent. I’m afraid that I’ve allowed Christmas carols to influence my thinking, when in fact the story of Jesus’ birth cannot adequately be summed up in a few verses sung by a choir. It’s hard for me to wrap my mind around the miracle of Jesus’ birth—not only the miracle of a virgin bearing a child, more the miracle that God allowed Himself to be born. That He allowed Himself to be bound up by skin and bone and blood. Jesus left behind the streets of gold and a crystal sea for the dirty roads and muddy rivers of earth. The hands that formed all of creation now clutch the finger of the one who just gave birth to Him. The voice that spoke forth the beginning of time is now reduced to cries and coos. The eyes that saw the past, present and future now struggle to focus. He left the crown for a cradle and a cross. He used to listen to the songs of the angels. Now He listens to the shaky, frightened lullaby of Mary. He left a place we can’t even imagine to go to a place we sometimes wish we could forget. And what’s amazing is He knew what would happen. He knew the physical pain—Jesus knew that He was leaving a place of no sickness to live in a world festering with it. Jesus came here knowing that He would have skinned knees and blisters, stomachaches and stubbed toes. He knew that ultimately He would face a humiliating death—beaten, stripped naked and suffocated. He felt thorns gouging His forehead. The searing pain of a spear in His side. Rusted nails splintering the bones in His wrists. I must not forget that Jesus left a place where there were no tears to come here. What was it like the first time He felt hot tears on His cheeks? He was tempted, abandoned by His friends and family, mocked, ridiculed and forsaken. He wept. Why did He do it? We all know the pat answer: to save us. But couldn’t there have been an easier way? Did He really have to be all human? Couldn’t He have taken away His pain? Couldn’t He have struck dumb those who would mock Him? Paralyze those who would beat Him? But Jesus chose the path He did, knowing the consequences, knowing the costs, knowing the reward. And it all began at Christmas. In a city crowded with strangers, a young girl knelt on the hard ground, giving birth to the Savior. Did Joseph pace nearby, looking up at the sky, crying out for help, for answers? When Mary held her child in her arms, could she understand the reality of it? When she laid Him at her breast, did she realize she was nourishing her creator? I don’t think she understood. I don’t think her human mind could wrap itself around the deity in her arms. I know mine can’t. I can only pray that the Christmas season will bring with it more amazement than familiarity. May we never make the birth of our Lord common. [Story from RELEVANTmagazine.com]

 By: Brandy Campbell I love Christmastime. But as I sit here in my darkened living room, watching the lights on the tree twinkle, inhaling the scent of cranberries and cinnamon, I wonder if I understand the season I love. I fear that I am not amazed by the Advent. I’m afraid that I’ve allowed Christmas carols to influence my thinking, when in fact the story of Jesus’ birth cannot adequately be summed up in a few verses sung by a choir. It’s hard for me to wrap my mind around the miracle of Jesus’ birth—not only the miracle of a virgin bearing a child, more the miracle that God allowed Himself to be born. That He allowed Himself to be bound up by skin and bone and blood. Jesus left behind the streets of gold and a crystal sea for the dirty roads and muddy rivers of earth. The hands that formed all of creation now clutch the finger of the one who just gave birth to Him. The voice that spoke forth the beginning of time is now reduced to cries and coos. The eyes that saw the past, present and future now struggle to focus. He left the crown for a cradle and a cross. He used to listen to the songs of the angels. Now He listens to the shaky, frightened lullaby of Mary. He left a place we can’t even imagine to go to a place we sometimes wish we could forget. And what’s amazing is He knew what would happen. He knew the physical pain—Jesus knew that He was leaving a place of no sickness to live in a world festering with it. Jesus came here knowing that He would have skinned knees and blisters, stomachaches and stubbed toes. He knew that ultimately He would face a humiliating death—beaten, stripped naked and suffocated. He felt thorns gouging His forehead. The searing pain of a spear in His side. Rusted nails splintering the bones in His wrists. I must not forget that Jesus left a place where there were no tears to come here. What was it like the first time He felt hot tears on His cheeks? He was tempted, abandoned by His friends and family, mocked, ridiculed and forsaken. He wept. Why did He do it? We all know the pat answer: to save us. But couldn’t there have been an easier way? Did He really have to be all human? Couldn’t He have taken away His pain? Couldn’t He have struck dumb those who would mock Him? Paralyze those who would beat Him? But Jesus chose the path He did, knowing the consequences, knowing the costs, knowing the reward. And it all began at Christmas. In a city crowded with strangers, a young girl knelt on the hard ground, giving birth to the Savior. Did Joseph pace nearby, looking up at the sky, crying out for help, for answers? When Mary held her child in her arms, could she understand the reality of it? When she laid Him at her breast, did she realize she was nourishing her creator? I don’t think she understood. I don’t think her human mind could wrap itself around the deity in her arms. I know mine can’t. I can only pray that the Christmas season will bring with it more amazement than familiarity. May we never make the birth of our Lord common. [Stories on RELEVANTmagazine.com are user-submitt

 I realize...I am not fat!! Hahhaha I am quite hyper. I just had a good photo shoot with..MYSELF! It was sweet! I turned off allll the lights in my moms room and I turned on this one light at a perfect angle to was face so half of my faces was bright then the other half darrk. It was pretty awesome.

 Its not really grand or anything, but I like it! Veiw my pictures at http://laurasfantora.tripod.com/

 So, after the fifth cream puff, I begin to think...why am I eating this trash? Maybe they will give my temporary satisfaction... But just make me fat? I don't wanna be fat. Everyone lately has been thinking I am anorexic. Maybe I am... We went out to eat last night. All I had was two peices of pita bread. Everyone in my whole family had these gormet drinks. I asked for water. When I told the waiter I was done withmy untouched food so looked at me super funny then said in a forceful way "Are you sure...?" Yeah, I am sure. I can't eat. Then I probably looked even more suspiciour when I excused myself to go to the bathroom after I ate. Today at christmas dinner I had two olive on my plate and my cousin was like "Got enough food?! I don't want you over eating.. ;) " And I don't know why, but it made me feel odd and akward. I felt like everyone was trying to force food down my body. Then she was like "Not etaing anythign till Florida, eh?" "I eat." I think.

 So..its Christmas.Yay. Yippe. Gosh, I am quite sick of this christmas thang. So last night I went to bed all sad because my mom was sad...yeah. Its ahrd to explain and I don't feel like telling everyone....Anywho...I woke up at 2 and I thought it was like 6:30 so I was like yippee woohoo. I will go open my stocking, so I did. I got a sue-wheat wallet...and something else important that I forgot. :) But I then I was like wow..I am tired. So I went upstairs and I found out it was 2 so I went back to bed...but I didn't really sleep. Finally the clock struck 7:47 so I went downstairs and we started to open gifts. My two brothers got Ipods...Again. Matt already has one but he wanted a better one. Hah..okkayy.. Thenn..Hannah got 50 billion things, like always. Its funny how that works out. You would think the oldest would be spoiled but no...but I am not angry. :) My present was pretty spiftacular. First, I got a bunch of Stilla makeup from Hannah, a CD from Jacob, and a Branches gift card from Matt. From my mom I got a book on how to take good digital pictures. Then I got a memory card. (my mom thought I didn't know what I was getting Hah...sillly mom) And..I got a shirt and a watch. I don't think I got anything else...maybe I did *shrugs* Well, duh i did. But I am going to tel you NOW! Its a gorgeous... Fujifilm Fine Piz S5000 In case you can't tell, its a digital camera. A prettttty digital camera. You can record video with it! Its pretty sue-wheat! Yup, now my relatives are coming over.

 Thats a good question...I have to clean the house! At 8 in the MORNING! Gosh, I am tired! In New Zeeland its already christmas! Those lucky duckies! Last night my cousin, Elizabeth, came over! She is sooooo stinkin' cool! She is still over acctually, but hse gets to sleep in! Its almost c-mas!! Today, at 11 we are going to church. Then we are going out to eat at this restaurant in Portland, then we are going to my auntie Sharons for FONDUE! YIPEE!! What a great day! TOMORROW IS CHRISTMAS!!!!

 :D [image]file:///Users/Laura/Desktop/IMG_0013.JPG[/image]

 Today I had to work...I had to pick up wet dirty sticks....then my mom and i had to lift a LOG! I could not pick up my side so all our worker dudes started laughing at me. Hahha. Then it started to get wet and cold. so I quit. I only worked off 5 bucks of the debt! GRR! I will forever be in debt..

 Karsen- God cares so much, he wont do anything to hurt you. The devil is just trying to break you apart so you wont like God anymore, don't let him do it!! Stay strong with God, everything will be okay.

 In case it gets out of the shoutbox, Karsens Dad is in the hospital. He either fainted or had a sezure from his back pain. PRAY PRAY PRAY!

 Did I tell you that we are getting a NEW tv? HAH! And Cabel!! (is that how you spell it? *shrugs*) Now I will be able to watch that show...darn...whats its name? When its on Noggin...yeah. Haha. Taylor and Heather really love it. Hmm.. Oh well. I am really tired, I think I am going to go SLEEP! Lay in my warm bed. All made up. I think I am going to go drink some Wassail. Its this really tasty drink. MmmmMmmmMM Then I am going to bed. Yay!

 Today I went to my brothers symphony concert...it was interesting. Since I am sick I went into this whole coughing spaz thang. I could not stop coughing. It hurt my throught SO bad, I almost DIED!! It was interesting. Then I saw Mr. Interesting himself...this punk dude I used to like. Haha. I am quite ashamed. He is a band geeek turned punk. Enough said. Then we went home and I finished cleaning and the guest started coming. It was an interesting party..all these scary little kids over so Austin, Alissa, and I hid in the bathroom and played cool. Interesting timmmeees. I lost. :9 Sad...veeerrryy sad. then we just ate desert and fatty foods. Yummmmmm!! Austin is soooo coool!! I never ever get to see him anymore because we both go to different churches now :( he goes to Marc, Eric, and Aarons church. Hah! The poooor soul. I might go to church w/ him sometime, that would be fun in a scary sorta way. Then we played sardines with all the kids and everyone. I was the person who was supposed to hide and be found so I hid in my brothers closet and I saw my present by accident! Ooops :) I didn't see what it was though, just the bag, so it might not even be mine. Anywho...we played in the dark so I was sitting in his closet then Carter (Austins little brother) came and he tried to find me. When he was looking in the closet he bent over and his head hit my nose and my nose started BLEEEDING! Yuckkk! I had blood all over me. We stoped playing. Then I drank more soda. Then Lori Ann, Austin, and I went exploring in our addition to our house. It was a little scary in the dark. Then Matta nd Freddy came and tried to scare us. It didn't work. :) Well I guess thats it...I am getting sleeeepppy. I am gonna sleep in SUPER long tomorrow! YIPEE!

 Let me get things straight...I am not POSITIVE that I am switching schools, my mom said I could...

 Right now I am watching TVU, its coool. You know what. When I was younger I used to be obbsessed with christmas. I would make me list in November and always say "I want this...I want that" I wanted everything. And I always got what I wanted. Everything. Now, the thigns I ask for have gotten bigger and more expensice. I don't get much anymore. We don't have as much money. Its not like we are poor or anything.. Now, I sleep in on christmas day. I don't really care for the tree or the lights, or anything. I don't really care about God either. He doesn't seem to matter. Here I am...sitting...at the computer. Wasting my day away when I could be doing something... something worthwhile, something that will make a difference. But I fear I will never make a difference. I can never change the world. But I can sure try.

 Hmm... I need say any of my thoughts any more... Well, today I am still sick. I keep coughing up blood, its pretty nasty. I bled all over the carpet, just in time for our christmas party! Then I had to clean it up and I felt like I was going to faint. Haha. I laugh at myself a lot. I don't know why. When I was younger, whenever I did something wrong (in my own eyes..like eating to many cookies..) I would hit myself super hard over and over again. I always had horrible headaches and no one could figure out why, but I knew. I thought I would learn my lessong and never do the thing I hit myself for...but I wouldn't. So I had to teach myself to stop. Instead of hurting myself I would force myself to say "Its ok, everyone makes mistakes, next time i wont do it this way." It was hard to change...the punishment somehow gave me the forgivness I really wanted. The only way to stop was to search for God. It worked. God is awesome. I love him so much, he changed my life.

 Computers... *sigh*

 This is me. This is our house. This is my brother camping out at LOTR...this is an awesome picture :)

 I am bleeeding! Haha! Matt and I cleaned this morning because we are having a christmas par-tay tonight. My friend Austin is coming! Yipeee!!! He is so sitnkin' cooooool! At 2 we are going to my neighbors hosue then we are going to my brothers symphony concert and then we have our christmas party. Busy busy busy. :D

 There is somehting wrong with me that whenever I sing i start choking. It really sucks..I really want to sing. I keep tyring ot sing but it doesn't work. Ooh! I am switching schools! Yipeee!! How exciting! No more CAM for me *does happy dance*

 I know it sounds kind of like dufus but its a SUE-WHEAT place. Its this little small town in Oregon, only like 600 people. Lets start at the begining... Ok, thiws mronign I went on this service trip thang and I was like "Uh..it will be fun, I think..." So I arrived at the chruch and I just talked to Shannon and the Duferenens (Hah) starteed to arive... [Big long side note.....in the summer we went on a service trip there but I didn't go. They served all these people. ETc....Etc..] So I was like they are..interesting. So we all went on the bus and went to Portland where we packed clothes 'n such into these boxes. It was funnn!! We foudn a pair of dirty unndeeerrwears! :o So it was fun and I met all these AWESOME dufor people!!! Like this awesome cowboy who had a big belt buckle, boots, and a cowboy hat. his name was THAD!!! Isn't that the coolest thing you have ever heard? He was pretty hot to. All the girls were like "THHAAAAAD!! we lovvvee Thad!" He farms sheep! Then we went to steakburger and ate. My awesome friend SARAH (I LOVE YOU! E-mail me!) ate with me. Keary and Sarah's twin (who I forget his name..) Ate with us at our table too.. So this was pretty odd... Sarah's twin and I both got the same thing... He was like I got a burger but I really wnated to cheese but I had to pay 40 cents, but I got it anyways... And i was like "me to...hmm" Then we started talking about tarter sauce and he was like "I loooooove tarter sauce!" and I was liek "me too... Then, the person comes with our drinks and we both had the SAME THING! A blackberry milkshake! :O It was like crazy dude :) Then Keary and Sraah went off and this whole "You were meant to be together" thang. I was like oh geeez...save me! Hahahha He was prety coolie though. Then the service day was over and I had to go to voice, in case you didn't know I have been super sick so I couldn't really talk, never the less sing. So we just sight read the whole thing wich was booooorrrrringg. Then we went to church and I saw the DUFOR people again! YIPPEEE!! They are so sitnkin' cool. They make me mucho happys. Then we had to go to portland to get a c-mas present. I was my dress at that cool store again! :) Then we went to churchy again and I saw the DUFOR people!!! YIPEE!! I love them! They are all farmers and they are sue-wheat. They were all soooo nice to me, thats why I love them. I guess thats al. Peace out my man. (or men?) Laura AKA. DUFOR LOVER! Keary and I am moving there.

 Hi everyone! Yup. I am. Thats it. This week i..... Monday: Went to my last piano lesson till 2004!! Tuesday: Went to a church thing then my grandmas super fun (and tasty...) christmas party. These two guys kept stalking me around. At first I thought they were hot but then I changed my mind. Then we went to LOTR. GOOOD movie! Wednesday:Babysitted this crazy 3 year old then guitar lesson. Thursday:NOTHING! :) Friday: Went caroling w/ CYT. Yup thats the end. Just a side note... If you want to know where I was for 2 wekk, I got in trouble thats all. I just want to say thanks to people like Shannon who just said "Oh, you got in trouble. Thats no fun!" Then didn't ask any questions..but it bothered me when people would be all like "Oh my gosh, Laura, your such a horrible person, what did you do?!" It doesn't matter what I do, its what I do about what I did. Does that make sense? Well, I am changed...I wont ever do that again.

 Last night I went to this glassblowing thing and it was kind of intertaining. These guys who were caroling were scary. Haha yeah...it ws interesting. So then when I got home I was like "mom, can you help me study spanish?" and she just BLEW UP She was like "You haven't studied yet?!" and I was like "Well, I know the meats and I studied these in the car" btu I guess she didn't hear me and she yelled and yelled. She wsa like Doug, what should she do with her? Do you think no computer till monday is fair? a dn I was like "NOOOOO" but I didn't say that...but then my dad goes "sounds good to me." Then my mom was like we might as well study these! So I was like okkaayy. So we studied but she left the book open so I could see all the answers and it made me lok like i knew everything. So I went to bed then my dad came and he was like "We decided, since youknew all the spanish words, you can use the computer." But I really don't. I told my mom yesterday that the meats wont be on the quiz. But they are. Now I am a liar and a cheater.

 Why do I have such a perfect life? Nothing ever goes wrong with me. All my friends have all these stories about parents leaving them and not seeming to care and great tradgedies. I have nothing like that. Two perfect parents. 3 perfect siblings, we never fight or yell. I have a nice (*cough*) house and lots of friends. We have kind neighbors who always bring us tasty cookies. I am as popluar as I want to be at school and my grades are good. I can afford to get clothes I like, whenever I want. I have everything I could ever want. I have God. But still, I am never ever satisfied. I often find myself depressed and trying to find my place in this world. Why? I love my place. But I always want more. I never think I am good enough for God, or even the wonderful friends I have. Am I forever falling? Or do I have a place. A time. A purpose. I have read all these stories about people like Rachel Scott who lived whole heartedly for God, never turned back. I want to do this. I want to be like these people. I want to be everything for God. But I feel I shall never be perfect. I am quick to anger, slow to love. I judge people by there looks. I scorn those who win my distrust. I try to make my enemys weak so they finally break. I feel this will finally make me better than them. I will finally be popular and loved by everyone. but really, people will never think that. I have no intenntions for people to look at me and say "Wow, she is gorgeous, I bet she is really popular." I want, no, I need people to look at me and say "Wow, she is amazing, she is living totally for God." But, it is so hard. I try with all my heart to reach out and be a friend to the lonely. But I don't want them to bring my social standings down. I will say hi to them in the hallways but I wont be a really friend. I wont call them on the phone, invite them over, or even invite them to sit with me at lunch. No, why would I want to do that? It might hurt me in the long run, I might lose friends. But really, I have nothing to fear. When giving up my friends for the less loved and unpopular I am gaining the BEST friend Of ALL God. Don't Stare. Don't Judge. Laura

 HI!! Mr. Albers just left the room so I am free to update. The stupid computer wont let me scroll. GRR!! Guess what. heather convinced me to go to hockinson next year, I might go. It sounds kinda fun. :) Today has been a good day! In Spanish we had an awesome sub and he didn't assign homework and just let us talk the whole time, it was nice... Uh oh. He is back! I love you all!

 HI!! Mr. Albers just left the room so I am free to update. The stupid computer wont let me scroll. GRR!! Guess what. heather convinced me to go to hockinson next year, I might go. It sounds kinda fun. :) Today has been a good day! In Spanish we had an awesome sub and he didn't assign homework and just let us talk the whole time, it was nice... Uh oh. He is back! I love you all!

 GOOD MORNING!! Its an joyous occasion!! Its 6:20 and I am already totally ready to go to school. I have already takena shower, blow dryed my hair, put in my contacts...ETC :) Yay! Today is thursday. That means I have to go to the computer lab, yuck! Oh well, maybe I will get a chance to update you, blogggy. I better go eat cookies! Laura

 Oh my gosh!! I was at buckle today (the mall is an interesting place.) and this worker guy siad "I like your shoes, are they comfy? and I said "very comfy!" and he goes "Solid!" and I was like Okkkkaaayyy.. Is solid the new word? does it replace "tight" and "cool"? I hope so, just saying solid makes me happy. Solid Solid Solid

 Hi!! Right now I am updating my blog. I have been thinking... and... CHRISTMAS IS COMING TO TOWN!!! Yeah baby. I love it. I went to van mall today. annnddd I saw the BEST SANTA EVER!! I got my picture taked with him like 5 years ago. He is sue-wheat. I bet he gets paid a lot. He has a REAL beard instead of all those fakers. He is also really friendly, I wish he was my grandpa. That would rock if my grandpa was a mall santa! :D I would be super happy! I would sit on his lap and tell him everything I wanted. :D I would like to take this moment to thank Shannon for her wonderful blog post. And because I loved it soooo much I want to post it here for allmy friends to see. (I hope its ok with you Shannon!) Here is Shannon.... Everyday at 8 minutes after 2 the big orangish-yellowish bus pulls out from my school. Bus # 52 that carries all of us students back to our homes to change into our pajamas and put on our slippers. I know where each person gets off and when we will stop next. At the fourth stop we end up at a little rickety house right off of St.Johns. A brown torn up house that I am assuming a very happy old couple lives in. The yard isnt done and the lawn isnt mowed...There is a huge overgrown tree covering the house that I am sure screams loudly during windy storms. But amongst all of the clutter and behind all of the mess...there is still, even in the first week of December, a tiny pink flower peeking our from beneath the corner of the fence. And everyday when we get to that stop there is a little soft golden retriver puppy head poking out from the top of the fence. Huffing the air and watching as the bus begins to roll away. Everyday, no matter how cold or lonely...warm and happy..no matter the mood or the people I am thinking about....I can always count on that puppy to be there to make me smile. I can always count on him to be there...even if there isnt anything else to count on I LOVE THAT! You rock Shannon.

 HI EVERYONE!! today I cleaned the hosue iwht my brother, Matt, it was interesting. I felt soo sick but I couldn't tell anyone because last night I watched Miss Congeniailty on NBC (or was it CBS?) till 11 last night so my mom siad if I complained at all she wouldn't take me to the mall. I almost fainted when I was cleaning. But it happens a lot so it wasn't as scary as the first time. My vision gets all black then I just like colapse. Not fun. Right when I was done cleaning my mom took me to the mall and I got 2 jackets! YIPEEE! They are sooo awesome! I got 'em at nordstrom. One is a velvet blazer (It looks kinda like yours Heather, is it ok? :) ) it loks almost exactly like the cool one I almost bought from Delias btu its cheaper. Then I got this puffy white coat tthat makes me look like a MARSHMALLOW! Its soo stinkin' cool. I was all like "WHOA!! I look huge!!" And my mom thinks I am anorecix because I didn't eat lunch or breakfast today because I didn't ahve any time and she was like "NOTHING YOU WEAR WILL MAKE YOU LOOK HUGE!!" so I was like ....whoa...ok... :) Then we got my sister some clothes for christmas at Buckle and Aeropostale. They are super cool! I want them for myself! Then we went to my guitar lesson. I saw this cool girl named Jenifer there, she is taking voice. Guitar is rreally fun. I LOVE it!!! :D Well, I guess thats all! BYE! Laura

 today I went to my uncles (He owns Ron Automotive) open house...I ate food. Then we ran out the door to go to church! It was soooo much fun! Hah! Shannon said SO many funny things!! I could like not stop laughing. Hahhaha. She was all like "You can make a cow go up the stairs but he wont go down" Hhahahahha...she said many other things, but thanks to my poor memory I can't remember them. :) Lalala! :D Well, I better go! I love you all.. :D Laura

 Aww!!! This persno from church called me and was like "are you going to the retreat this weekend?" and I go "I can't :( " and she was like "Ooh no! I wish you could go, well if anything changes you should still come!" It was SO friendly! People at New Heights are SO nice! I love it there!!! people never call me! :D I feel all warm and fuzzy inside *happy*

 Hi everyone!!! today...at school. Something really funny happened vut I can't remmeber, so I wil ljust tell you all the SCARY things that happened! DAN was at school! THAT was scary! Matt goes "Look Laura, Dan is here for yoouuuu" I was scared. We got a new seating aragment in SPANISH. I sit right next to ERIC and ZANE!! AHHH!!! Eric talked to me like the whole time so mrs. teacher kept getting mad at him. Then Evan came voer to us an d started talking about hot supermodels, sex changes, and other REALLY bad thigns which I shall not post in my blog. Eric kept saying "Your a fag." to Evan so I was like Okkkaayyyy. Then we were talking about asking a ugly girl out to eat (It was a spanish exercise...) And Eric goes "Why would I ask a UGLY girl out?" and I was like "Maybe she is nice!!" And he was like "Who cares if she is nice!" I was like okkkayyy. I better go stuff my face with many yummy cookies. Love, Laura P.S. Did you hear Eric tell Marc "make your move!!" when you were around?

 I was just sitting here eating my pepermintt ice cream and my sister comes running in, then BANG!! She tripped while she was skipping. Hhaha... It was SO funny. It looked like she just colapsed. hahha Thats what you get for stealing peoples coats :D I am not holding a grudge, really. :)

 This si the BEST joke EVER created. I learned it in Canada, from a REAL Canadian, so its obviously awesome... Here it goes! Ok, there are two muffins being cooked in an oven. Suddenly the blueberry muffin breaks the silence, "Man its getting got in here!" Then the Poppy Seed muffin goes "AHH!! TALKING MUFFIN!!" Hahhahahahahah I love that joke!

 Oh my gosh!! So I was like hanging in the lunch room with my peeps [PEEPS! MARSHMALLOWS!] When Taylor asked Marc to move..and he like moved! Right away! I am like totally seeing signs. [haha..signs...:P ] So I started laughing, like really hard. And my VC [Vanila Coke...haha] went THROUGH my NOSE! Hah!! it was FUNNY! But it kinda hurt... Then..I went to like Math! and it was like totally blah! I mean really, yuck! I overheard a really scary conversation too.. I heard Evan talking to Eric and evan was all like "If I ask Meagan you ahev to ask Laura" And Eric was like "Ok!" I was like totally scared! Is that how you spell scared? like "Ahh! That so scary!" Yeah. Then I went to Piano BUT I forgot my BOOKS! I was so MAD! I was also really scared too. Is that how you spell scared? Well, anyways, so I hid in her bathroom and I was like crying. It was bad. So she is making me have another lesson on thursday!! I was going to have to pay like 20 bucks for it but she was in a good mood so she didn't make me pay. Like, totally close one! So I went home and started on my homework. Then my grandparents came over and we ate this nasty salad.. I just ate the fruit. So I went upstairs and did this stupid poster for english, it took me like an hour and it looks ugly! [Like UGH!] Uh oh...my mom says she needs me.. I will be right back... Ok, I am back, she like needed a rubber band. As if! So then I made YUMMMY cookies! They look good, but, ya know i don't want to get FAT or anything! That would toatlly scar my POP---U-LARRITY!! :D I better go! I love ya'll! really I do! My love for you is deeper than the deepest sea! (aint I poetic?!) *Laura*

 Oh my gosh!! So I was like hanging in the lunch room with my peeps [PEEPS! MARSHMALLOWS!] When Taylor asked Marc to move..and he like moved! Right away! I am like totally seeing signs. [haha..signs...:P ] So I started laughing, like really hard. And my VC [Vanila Coke...haha] went THROUGH my NOSE! Hah!! it was FUNNY! But it kinda hurt... Then..I went to like Math! and it was like totally blah! I mean really, yuck! I overheard a really scary conversation too.. I heard Evan talking to Eric and evan was all like "If I ask Meagan you ahev to ask Laura" And Eric was like "Ok!" I was like totally scared! Is that how you spell scared? like "Ahh! That so scary!" Yeah. Then I went to Piano BUT I forgot my BOOKS! I was so MAD! I was also really scared too. Is that how you spell scared? Well, anyways, so I hid in her bathroom and I was like crying. It was bad. So she is making me have another lesson on thursday!! I was going to have to pay like 20 bucks for it but she was in a good mood so she didn't make me pay. Like, totally close one! So I went home and started on my homework. Then my grandparents came over and we ate this nasty salad.. I just ate the fruit. So I went upstairs and did this stupid poster for english, it took me like an hour and it looks ugly! [Like UGH!] Uh oh...my mom says she needs me.. I will be right back...

 KARSEN! Christian Orefice is going to WINTER FORMAL!! AHHH! Save us all. Not her and her fake eye brows...*gag * :) I g2g to PIANO! Yuck. I will do a major update when I get back..

 Broken Heart By: Falling Up In this moment synchronized inside, words that paint a legacy of life A different picture will unfold, a healing finds it's way through Sifted times I take another breath, with an ambience of nothing left So heal my heart rain down your love these waters bring me back to life Chorus Father, healer deliver me from broken love Stay hear, closer let me hear your voice of love There's a healing calling from the wind, there's a healer waiting to begin In timeless places, traced and faceless will I learn to let go Take me to the heights where love controls, far away from home but feels so close This empty heart of mine will fall inside and bring me back to life You can hold, you can mend You can heal, you can brake I hold cause something etched this way Chorus Father, healer deliver me form broken love Stay hear, closer let me hear your voice of love Savior, Redeemer bring me to this place of peace Jesus, garden my broken heart is so in need

 Hi everyone! it is 6:15 on this ugly monday morning... Yup. It is. I think thats all... Nothing tooo exciting... :D Laura

 Inhabited Each step I take from You I see who I really am I know the good in me is only Your reflection I look behind me and I see You no where in sight I look down, my hands are bound I can't even praise You and I'm crying out to You So come and rescue me I'm here on bended knee And I'm crying out to You All I really, really want is to be free So take my hand here I am Oh come and rescue me I've drifted so far Can't even see the shore I've been lost in the waves But haven't been fighting I'm sinking fast Oh is there an end to this I can't breathe I'm In so deep But You can save me I'm crying out to You I'm drowning in my decisions And I'm frustrated and I'm disappointed It's my world You see and I want out So come and rescue me I'm here on bended knee And I'm crying out to You All I really, really want is to be free So take my hand here I am Oh come and rescue me So come and rescue me I'm here on bended knee And I'm crying, I'm crying I'm crying out to You I'm crying, I'm crying I'm crying out to You Oh come and rescue me

 I decided that I kmust blog, or else I will just keep my feelinggs bottled up inside my small frame and eventually I will burst. See, today was really depresing. I don't know why. It was just one of those days when I felt ugly. I can't hide behind my mask anymore. I seemed to have been hiding behind it for too long. Everyone thinks I am this happy person with a perfect life. Its time to face the facts. I'm not. First of all- I am not happy. I know I really should be, I have been gifted with many wonderful things. But i'm not. Even my voice teacher noticed my mask being missed. He was like "Are you doing okay? Are you having a bad day?" Every day is a bad day in this living hell. I wish I had someone I could really talk to. Someone at school who would know my true feelings. Someone I wouldn't be afraid to tell everything. I wish there was someone at church. Someone who really liked me. When I go to church I just feel like everyones fake. They try to plaster a smile on and pretend they are happy to see me and ask me how I am. "Good!" I quickly reply with my fake grin. But I am not good. Today was a crying day. I feel like I don't fit in, anywhere. I am to ugly. To boring. Not smart enough. I don't have the right clothes. Even my hair always looks dumb. But if I could, if I only would focus on God more all those things would just fade away because they really- and truly, DON'T MATTER!

 My mom got my a cookie, a VERY good cookie. And got invited to a sleepover with my new friends Kaitlyn and Michelle!! Yipee!! My life is looking up :)

 Hi...i am sick and at home...my grandpa just had a mini heart attack thing and I can't go to the hospital because I am sick...bad times...

 Tonight I went to church, it was ok. Then I went to holly wood video and we got west side story. Then we went to safeway and got ice cream. After I made my dad take me to branches. it was soo much fun! There was a live band playing to, they were pretty good. I got a book that is called "God writes your love story" or something like that...it looks good. Then the sue-wheat cashier was like "This is the best book!" so it must be good :)

 So..last night I went too our rehersal. it was fun! Then I went to Heathers b-day thang...then I went to rehersal again. I have had like 9 1/2 hours of rehersal so far this weekend!! Its crazy. now I am off to voice lessons.

 You notice in my last post it went I I I I!! I only cared about myself, and that was stupid. I am not mad at Mia, I am glad she is here :)

 She spent the night with us..in my bed. They didn't come home tillaboutmidnight and I have a phobia of sleeping without my parents home so I stayed up and watch the news. Then they came home and I had to clean my bed and my room up real fast. I slept horribly last night! I only got like 4 hours of sleep! I am tired and my contact hurts. I can't even read my bible because its in my room and Mia is still sleeping :(

 This girl who used to live with us has always had a hard life... her dad was never there and she had a finace who had a different girl friend right before they were supposed to get married.. Then she married this perfect guy and everything was just great. Then, today he broke into there own house with his new girlfriend and was threatening Mia and he says he want a divorice. When, I hear this I ran upstairs and just started to cry. Just when things were happier in her life..this happens. I love Mia. Why do thigns like this happen to such a beautiful woman of God? I don't understand.

 Much to my pleasure, its starting again!!! My two favrites- Scooter girl and that one guy with red hair who was wearing a suit..I can't remember his name :) He was cooool!

 You, my friend are a true individual. You most likely hate trends and are creative. By seeing things differently, people either admire you or think you are a bit strange. I'm guessing you are a lot like me. Perhaps a Good Charlotte hater? I hope so. An inspiration to us all, continue being you! (If you like GC, I'm sorry, I am just expressing an opinion)

 last night I went to a concert...it was cool. Last night I went to church, fun! I went to church for like 4 hours this morning, fun! That is all.. I am going shopping in downtown portland, to bad I wont have any money.

 Hi everyone! I am inviting ya'll to a concert! *w00t* Ok, here are the details... First you have to be a superchick freak, if not- need no apply ;) Its on Feburary 11 (Wednesday) at the Roseland Theatre in Portland, it starts at 7 PM, and you can get tickets here: http://www.itickets.com/events/66447.html and a bunch more information is on that page. Since, like I said, I am a Superchic[k] freak so I will probably be there at around 3 or 4. :) I am bringing cookies! So please tell me if your going or if you need a ride or something. :) This will be my seventh superchick conert so lets MAKE it GOOOOD!

 earlier today I was running around my neighborhood and suddenly I just kind of stopped. And there, to my left was a beautiful pasture. It was almost as long as the eyes could see. It was coever by a dense hazy fog lightly covereing the green grass. Too my left was a forest of gigantic old growth trees. I just leaned against the fence slowly taking in the beautfiul moment then suddenly a song started playing. First it went through my headphones then all the way too my heart. "I'm all alone there's no one for me to live for. Letting go of the thigns i've always clung to, thats when i'm glad that I belong to you." Suddenly, it all made sense. Why I am here. It was a beautiful moment. Tears slowly graced down my face. I paused my cd and just stood there. In awesome wonderment. Then, quickly yet smoothly, words started pouring out my mouth, "I love you Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you, oh my soul rejoyce. Take all of me..." ...

 earlier today I was running around my neighborhood and suddenly I just kind of stopped. And there, to my left was a beautiful pasture. It was almost as long as the eyes could see. It was coever by a dense hazy fog lightly covereing the green grass. Too my left was a forest of gigantic old growth trees. I just leaned against the fence slowly taking in the beautfiul moment then suddenly a song started playing. First it went through my headphones then all the way too my heart. "I'm all alone there's no one for me to live for. Letting go of the thigns i've always clung to, thats when i'm glad that I belong to you." Suddenly, it all made sense. Why I am here. It was a beautiful moment. Tears slowly graced down my face. I paused my cd and just stood there. In awesome wonderment. Then, quickly yet smoothly, words started pouring out my mouth, "I love you Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you, oh my soul rejoyce. Take all of me..." ...

 Hi everyone! I must makea formal apology for not blogging for so long. Yup. Haha well, I am boycotting the internet..well not really boycotting it, just using it very little. You see, I am always addicted to the internet and when i am always using it I become I lazy head and I find that I start to ignore God. Which is BAD! So on tuesday at youth group I kinda woke up and I was like "Wow...I am a jerk. I always say I am so busy..and I never find time for God or even homework but I am on the internet all day." So I am quiting the internet and every waking moment is for God.

 Well...today I woke up at 10 then I read till 12 and I went to guitar. Guitar was fun! I got two new books so I am starting to play actual songs! Then we went to costco and we got bread. Then we went home and I watched Annie! It is succh a good movie :)Now I am sitting here..eating ice cream. Nasty ice cream. I really shouldn't be eating it, I ate like 3 cups of it.

 Well...today I woke up at 10 then I read till 12 and I went to guitar. Guitar was fun! I got two new books so I am strating to play actual songs! Then we went to costco and we got bread. Then we went home and I watched Annie! It is succh a good movie :)Now I am sitting here..eating ice cream. Nasty ice cream. I really shouldn't be eating it, I ate like 3 cups of it.

 Do not repay evil with evil or insult with insult, but with blessing, because to this you were called so that you may inherit a blessing. 10For, "Whoever would love life and see good days must keep his tongue from evil and his lips from deceitful speech. 11He must turn from evil and do good; he must seek peace and pursue it. 12For the eyes of the Lord are on the righteous and his ears are attentive to their prayer, but the face of the Lord is against those who do evil." 13Who is going to harm you if you are eager to do good?14But even if you should suffer for what is right, you are blessed. "Do not fear what they fear ; do not be frightened." 15But in your hearts set apart Christ as Lord. Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have. But do this with gentleness and respect, 16keeping a clear conscience, so that those who speak maliciously against your good behavior in Christ may be ashamed of their slander. 17It is better, if it is God's will, to suffer for doing good than for doing evil. 18For Christ died for sins once for all, the righteous for the unrighteous, to bring you to God. He was put to death in the body but made alive by the Spirit

 I was reading a message board post about how this girl had s e x (sorry, sara's computer wont let her go to my blog if it is typed normally:P ) before she was married. She was like "well, first I got drunk! It made it so much better!" She was 14. My heart snapped. Broke in half. I just started to cry. The tears quickly streams down my shaking face. This is an epidemic. A bad one. As I sit here I just cry. I wish I could help these people, but I can't. I wish there was something, anything i could do. So I might as well make YOU a good person and give you the big lecture. First, s ex before marrige is absolutely wrong. Why? First, it says in the bible. And, do you want to make a commitment like this? Your just giving your heart away, sure it will give you a little temporary happiness but then its gone and your broke again. So, ( i know..I shortened it. A lot.) Anywho, I have a quiz for YOU! Are you ready for se x? Question one: Are you married? If you answered no, your not ready!! Bingo. Thats it! Remember: everything your doing now is preparing you for eventual marrige, so please, save it for marrige!

 A new Krispy Kreme opened today!! We went there at like 6:30!It was funn! But i feel soo sick now from over consumption of doughnuts...blehhh!

 I know, insult are means and horrible, but sometimes they are just plain funny! So here is one...my goood friend Johanna said- and for the record she DOES NOT like nick!! "thats cuz her brain was missing, all the blowdrying fried it" Ohh..ouch :p

 That was funny This song is by MELISSA from superchick's boyfriend and it would be funny is it was by melissa from school's boyfriend cuz this guys startes yelling "I AM OUUTTT OF MY MINDDD!" lol

 THEY JUST PLAYED 3 OF MY FAVORITE SONGS IN A ROW! *happy*  Now its song Melissas boyfriend wrote, its gorgeous! I LOVE IT!

 eat by the pyramid! this is fun!

 School today was...ahemm...interesting. We got a new seating aragment in English and I have to sit by Marc. Again. Then, during spanish Aaron (this is for you Mandy) came in to do a project with Eric and Marc and since eric sits next to me Aaron pulled up a chair and sat right next so me. And he was like "Its SOO cold in here" So I pulled out my hot tea and it was steaming in my face, it felt nice. Spanish is always so cold- i come prepared. So he was like drooling over my warmness. Then, he goes "Laaauuurrraaa, I can I wear your mittens?" an di was like "Um...okayy." So he was like, I was just joking!! Pink doesn't look good on me... There movie was interesting. They did the three little pigs. But, at the end aaron played a switchfoot song so I was happyyyy! EEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! They are playing the BARLOW GIRL SONG ON THE RADIO!!!! Te ehhehehe Not, barlow girls by superchick BarlowGirl the band. I had to clear things up. Its an AWEEESOME song Ya'll have to buy it in FEBRUARY! So...I went to piano Gosh, she hates me! It was so scary! I acctually knew my song this time and she got so mad at me when I didn't mess up..yeah...it was inttterrrresttting. Then my grandparents came over. Yeah, my poor grandma, her memories really gone. :( She thought it was christmas. Then I typed up my hours for my performing arts and PE credits and I have enough in both!! *woot* dude!! My dad is making a new thing for our tv cuz it is to big for our old one. And liek allllday I have been like high off of the fumes. Haha. Whenever I go into the living room I get so dizzy I almost fall over, its funny. Brain CELLS! ACK! there go all my brain cells, buh bye! I made the coolest away message today! The whole time I was just making ufn of myself cuz I always have my away message on, so here it is: Don't you just hate it when people ALWAYS have there away message on? Gosh, it bugs me sooo much!! I always want to talk to these people but they are never on!! They always have these messages like "Call me, babe :-*" And I am like..okkayy. No thanks. Or they say "I am babysitting." DO I really care if your babysitting? My goodness. First, and foremost I would like to say TURN OFF AWAY MESSAGES! If you really want to develop a relationship with me then we need to talk to eachother. Second: I hate being called babe!! Why can't you call me like "superstar" or something? Geeeez! Second, why can't you put an inspiring quote or something? Maybe something that will helpy me gain something, like knowledge! I prefer quotes like this:"If you judge someone you have no time to love them" Mother Teresa Thank you.Well, now I am probably changing the world, luv ya babe! ;-) Hahaha! Isn't that sue-wheat!! OH!! Tomorrow in the wee hours of the morning I get to go to KRISPY KREEME! With just my mom! I am gonn aget a dozen and bring them to school. Mmmmm I can't wait to go to that crispy creamy place just 5 minutes south of my lovely abode. *woot* Thats my word that describes today, *woot*

 School today was...ahemm...interesting. We got a new seating aragment in English and I have to sit by Marc. Again. Then, during spanish Aaron (this is for you Mandy) came in to do a project with Eric and Marc and since eric sits next to me Aaron pulled up a chair and sat right next so me. And he was like "Its SOO cold in here" So I pulled out my hot tea and it was steaming in my face, it felt nice. Spanish is always so cold- i come prepared. So he was like drooling over my warmness. Then, he goes "Laaauuurrraaa, I can I wear your mittens?" an di was like "Um...okayy." So he was like, I was just joking!! Pink doesn't look good on me... There movie was interesting. They did the three little pigs. But, at the end aaron played a switchfoot song so I was happyyyy! EEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! They are playing the BARLOW GIRL SONG ON THE RADIO!!!! Te ehhehehe Not, barlow girls by superchick BarlowGirl the band. I had to clear things up. Its an AWEEESOME song Ya'll have to buy it in FEBRUARY! Then all during spanish Eric was mocking me because I started singing the FIF canada song and he was like "canada isn't like that!!" "They don't have beef and stew!" and I was like GO AWAY! I like canada, so HAH! And he was like, well I am a canadian citizen, so there! Yeah... So...I went to piano Gosh, she hates me! It was so scary! I acctually knew my song this time and she got so mad at me when I didn't mess up..yeah...it was inttterrrresttting. Then my grandparents came over. Yeah, my poor grandma, her memories really gone. :( She thought it was christmas. Then I typed up my hours for my performing arts and PE credits and I have enough in both!! *woot* dude!! My dad is making a new thing for our tv cuz it is to big for our old one. And liek allllday I have been like high off of the fumes. Haha. Whenever I go into the living room I get so dizzy I almost fall over, its funny. Brain CELLS! ACK! there go all my brain cells, buh bye! I made the coolest away message today! The whole time I was just making ufn of myself cuz I always have my away message on, so here it is: Don't you just hate it when people ALWAYS have there away message on? Gosh, it bugs me sooo much!! I always want to talk to these people but they are never on!! They always have these messages like "Call me, babe :-*" And I am like..okkayy. No thanks. Or they say "I am babysitting." DO I really care if your babysitting? My goodness. First, and foremost I would like to say TURN OFF AWAY MESSAGES! If you really want to develop a relationship with me then we need to talk to eachother. Second: I hate being called babe!! Why can't you call me like "superstar" or something? Geeeez! Second, why can't you put an inspiring quote or something? Maybe something that will helpy me gain something, like knowledge! I prefer quotes like this:"If you judge someone you have no time to love them" Mother Teresa Thank you.Well, now I am probably changing the world, luv ya babe! ;-) Hahaha! Isn't that sue-wheat!! OH!! Tomorrow in the wee hours of the morning I get to go to KRISPY KREEME! With just my mom! I am gonn aget a dozen and bring them to school. Mmmmm I can't wait to go to that crispy creamy place just 5 minutes south of my lovely abode. *woot* Thats my word that describes today, *woot*

 We went to 23rd street go do some shopping today!!! It was aweeesome!! I got a sirt from Urban Outfitters that says "Somebody in California Loves Me" hahhahaha. Its sooo wonderful!!! Then we went to the lucky brand jean store and they were having a HUGE sale so I got these sue-wheat jeans that were normally 100 bucks for only 40! I was quite quite pleased. Then we went to this littl boutique and I got mittens! that are cuuutttteee!! Well, I guess thats all! You guys rock! Laura

 I GOT IN!!! My name is Peggy and I am a street person!!! Hhahahah Poor stamper didn't get in :( But Katie Grimley did!! yay!

 I translated the word "fantora" into languages to see what it really means and in Germany Fantora means loosen up! Isn't that sue-wheat? Well, thats all :)

 Today i went to the CYT call backs. They were sooo much fun!!! First we learned a dance then we had to perform it. I was so nervous because dancing isn't my number one talent...but I didn't the best I could have ever done! I was pretty proud of myself :) Then I went home then straight to the voice lesson. I am learning a sue-wheat song! Its called "I remember" its pretttty! Then we went to church, it was ok, I was super duper tired though so it was hard to pay attention. Then my brothers and I went back home and ate so verrryy good foood! I ate so much, I feel I will never be hungry again!!! Then we went to Wal-Mart to pick up my glasses. They are ok..haha I got some newww pretty shammpooo!! Its supposed to make my hair more blondy hhighlited ishh..we shall see how it goes! :) I better jet, i wuv you guys!! Laura Fantora

 I got called back!!! that means I have to go back again and do a DANCE audition! *gag* I can't dance! Oh well. Maybe if i go crazy they will give me a part :)

 I just entered like 50,000 contests, I better win something! Gosh, I am so bored...I might acctually try sleeping! :o :p

 Hey everyone!! I just got back from auditions..they went fairly ok.. Karsen did I sound okay? when I get nervous I forget everything so I don't know for sure if I did alright.. :) How did you do Karsen? I had to leave early so I couldn't see karsen :(

 YIKES!!!! We have auditionss tonight!! YIKE YIKES! I don't even know my song!! Uh oh. Oh well, it doesn't matter if I don't get in.

 *siighhh* MY shoutie boxie doesn't work waaa Sorry guys!

 Hi! My brother is testing out our spiffy new sound system and he played a cd by Over the Rhine. Its GREAT! ya'll should listen to them. Yeah. Other than that, CYT was canceled today so I have absolutely nohting today, I think I might make more snikerdoodles! Gosh, our speaker are GREAT! They sound gorrrgeous! On a side note, School will probably be canceled AGAIN tomorrow!! SAVE ME! I really really want to go to nordstrom. Well, I am off to put this junk that my brother got from the dermatologist so remove my zits that are popping up EVERYWHERE on my face.

 Today I checked my e-mail and I got this message from MSN telling me to delete some messages or my account would freeze up. So, I tried to delete the MSN message but, it wouldn't let me. Stuff like this seems to happen in my life to. There are things I do that I can t seem to arise, really stupid things. Like stupid thigns I did way back in the seventh grade, or even the third grade. God keep stelling me to erase them and move on but i can never seem to let them go, make them leave, forever. Today I woke up at 4 am, my nose bleeding, again. It bled for about an hour. While I was waiting in the dark for it to stop I heard loud crashing noises. The tree were colapsing under the snow and ices great weight. It was an eerie sound. First a snap then the whole branch, or even large tree, would come swishing down to the ground, its leaves muffling the loud sound that could have been caused by its great weight. It seems like snow used to be, well snow. Something that would maybe come once a year and would be gone the very next day. This is worse than just snow. It was been here for a week now ice, inches thick, covers all the snow making it nearly impossible to drive, or even walk on the snow. Its amazing that something so light and fluffy could cause our whole city to stop for days! even the mall is closed. I better go eat something then I am going to clean our house...

 this one was- am i drama queen!! "Behind the Scenes" Nobody will ever catch you trying out for the lead in the school play. Nor will they ever find you spreading gossip, retelling wild adventure stories or calling attention to yourself. Drama Queen? Not a chance! You're secure enough with yourself, but feel most comfortable blending in with the crowd. If things don't go your way, you shrug it off and hope for better luck next time. Unfortunately, while this attitude works most of the time with ease and grace, your easygoing style may occasionally backfire if you fail to stick up for yourself when the situation calls for it. A little drama never hurt anyone, especially if you end up getting what you want in the end.

 Hi! last night I went to saras house. it was funnn! we stayed up late and i beat her at dutch blitz twice. right now i am not capitalizing any of my letters just to make all those english lovers mad. mwa haha! our power was out since 6 am but now it finally turned back on! yay. happy happy joy joy. i was goin got make a really sue-wheat inteligent post but i guess i am to lazy :) yeah.

 This is me. This is our house. This is my brother camping out at LOTR...this is an awesome picture :)

 Mandy: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! Laura: like oh my GOSH Laura: i broke a NAILLLL Mandy: ewww! you did? Like oh my GAWSH! That's like so nasty to the MAX Laura: Yeah! Like totally....now brad wont ever love me!! Laura: I am destined to freak-ness Mandy: brad? Mandy: as in Pitt? Laura: hahha Mandy: lol Laura: but, brad PITT Laura: now he's a hottie :-P Mandy: Heh heh heh Mandy: lol Laura: di dyou see him in that movie? Mandy: but Ben Affleck Mandy: now he's a NOTTIE Laura: like oh my goshhh Mandy: Oceans Eleven Mandy: holy cow Laura: yeah! duhh..he is totally out Haha...sorry.that was pretty amusing.

 What is love? What is the difference between “I love God,” and “I love my dog Rufus,” or “I love the Ramones?” Is love the one common denominator of diamonds, Hallmark cards and child safety seats? What is love? How might a person such as me find it? How can I give it? What about romantic love? Is this the best example of love to be found? I’m not so sure. Philip Yancey points out that in America—a place where romantic love is king of all things social, emotional and commercial—the divorce rate is much higher than in countries where arranged marriages are the norm. In America, we choose our spouses based on feelings of love; why do these feelings change? It seems that romantic love is often predicated upon the maintenance of a certain weight or a full head of hair. Okay, maybe romantic feelings are not really love at all. What about love between parents and children? The love of a child is certainly a precious gift (although I’ve had children tell me they love me immediately before professing similar feelings for a coffee table). Equally valuable is the love passed from the hearts of parents to their children. My mother has loved me more than any other human being. Once, she went out of town for a week and left me her car key so that I could use her car; she even filled the gas tank for my added comfort. And yet, somehow, even with people in my life who obviously love me, I still, like so many people, lay my head on my pillow some nights and wonder if anybody really loves me or if anybody ever will. On nights like these, I wonder if love is not some intangible thing given in vain, if it is not just a vapor that eludes our outstretched fingers. As if my inability to grasp love did not irritate me enough, giving love is much worse! On every page of my Day Runner appear things like, “Ask Sam how he’s doing in his biology class,” and, “Buy housewarming gift for Ranae,” because I am incapable of remembering on my own the needs of the people around me. And if I make no effort at all to do something about the needs around me, I will invariably become sucked into the vortex of my own little world and my tiny problems—i.e., I never feel as close to God as I would like to, I have to replace various parts of my car as often as I cut my hair, and I have pointy toes, like crayons. Much to my dismay, I have to make an effort to find out about and love others. My heart is so easily rendered of steel, or at least of Teflon. Why am I so selfish? Why do pictures of fly-covered Afghan children set my eyes watering and my hands reaching through my purse for my checkbook, while I have to force myself to show love for my comfy, well-fed American friends and family? Does this mean that suffering is a prerequisite for love? Great, so in order to be loved, a person has to maintain physical standards of beauty for romantic love or endure some terrible suffering? Forget love, then—it’s just like everything else in the world: too costly and yet too cheap. All these musings are, of course, silly. Somehow I don’t think true love is necessarily found in a bowl of popcorn between a guy and a girl at the movies, or that a person cannot merit love without intense beauty or intense suffering. I think love is found in the slowing heart between the outstretched arms of a beaten man on a cross and requires nothing but desperation. God used a strange mix of physical, temporal things to show love—splintered beams, nails, 40-minus-one, hypovolemic shock. This was real love on earth; as Bonhoeffer puts it, “This love of God does not withdraw from reality into noble souls detached from the world, but experiences and suffers the reality of the world in the harshest possible fashion.” In time and space, God made a way for his love to be “poured out into our hearts by the Holy Spirit” so that we can “know and rely on the love that God has for us.” The cross is a real-space, real-time pillar to which I am tethered, an anchor that gives me the thing I’m looking for but can’t seem to find anywhere else: security. For some reason, it’s sometimes hard for me to experience love. But somewhere in history God has proven His love for me in a way that transcends my questions and experience. My quest for love—at times quietly heartbreaking—can be over, so long as I’m willing to rest my knees in the mud beneath the cross. [Jessica Inman is a freelance writer/ youth pastor’s secretary who lives in Tulsa, Okla., and loves reading Philip Yancey and F.F. Bruce, cooking and playing Frisbee with domesticated canines.]

 Yup. Another snow day. I am so stinkin' bored. Lalala....I have absolutely nothing to do. I went outsite and got a big bowl of snow and I have been eating it, its tasty. Appple came out with a new Ipod!! Its the size of a buisness card and it comes in many colors! Its sue-wheat. I might buy it. Buuuttt...before I buy that..i want to buy clothes clothes clothes. I need new clothes. I don't like my clothes. Yeah.

 Oh my gosh! I GOT INTO THE IMPROV CLASSS!!!!!!! YES! Its awesome! They a re gonna pick the 5 best people and we egt to go compete in SAN DEIGO! That would be awesome. I doubt I will get picked though, I suck at improv!!! AUDITIONS ARE ON FRIDAY!! AHHHH!!!! They are scary! I wanna be in Annie SOOO sitnkin' bad. i will die if I don't get in. I am singing Impossible from Cinderella, I was gonna sing In My Own Little Corner but I...oh I dunno. It just sounded weird with my voice. The problem is, I wasn't going to audition but I just decided todayt I would so I am memorizing this song at the last minute. I almost have it alll memorized but now I am loosing my voice! Ah! Hahaha This is FUNN

 YESSSSSSSSSSSS!! SUPERCHICK IS COMING TO TOWN!!!YEAH BABY! *is a little excited* First. There is going to be a big snow storm TONIGHT! SECOND!!!!! I GET TO GO TO TWO SUPERCHICK CONCERTS IN ONE WEEK!!!! MWA HAHAHHAHAHAHA! Well, I am not posoitve about two, but yeah. Here is how it goes- On Feb. 11 there is a concert on PORTLAND OREGON!! YES! Then, on Feb. 13 (its a friday) I am going to go up to my cousins apartment in Seattle and that night there is a SUPERCHICK concert!!! YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS *bubbling w/ excitment* *RUNS AROUND SCREAMING* wooooohoooooo Now I am off to take pictures of pretty icicles YAY!

 Yuckkk!!! I wanna go to school. Waaa!!!! It was canceled so now I am hopelessly bored. I am going to try to get my mom to take me to Urban Outiftters though. But, if we go wwe have to go soooooon because I have piano today (WAAAAAAA!!!!) I don't like piano. Maybe she will cancel it. Haha. Yeah. lalalalallalaa

 I just got back from florida, and MANNNN is it STINKIN' COLD!!! We left florida and it was 80 degrees we got to portland and it was 20!!!!!! 20 DEGREEES!!! there is snow everywhere! Man..I have to get up in 6 hours for schoool!!! YUCK! Wuv, Laura

 Oh! I found a really cool article byt the wife of Dave from relient k, ya'll should check it out. http://www.relevantmagazine.com/modules.php?op=modload&name=News&file=article&sid=2847&mode=&order=0

 Did I tell you my cousin had sextuplets? hahha http://www.cnn.com/2004/US/Midwest/02/27/sextuplets.birth.ap/index.html

 Hey everyone. today was a..interesting day. I woke up then I went to the theatre. our shows were okay. Yuck. I am so sick of...everything really. I just want to be home. My real home. The place I am at is not my home, my real home is in Heaven. I can't wait to finally be home.

 bleh....

 UGH!! I made the besests longest post EVER and it got deleted *mad* Well, it was about for I have my first CYT performance tonight!!! YIKES!!! We better do okay. *nervous* Yesterday I took a tour of hockinson. Its SOOOO cooool!!!!!!!!! Heather and I met this guy who I shall call Ethan. (mandy- he reminds me of M@ T... :) ) He was making a coke bottle out of plaster!!! How cool. It was for a mural. :) There cafiteria looks TASTY! I hope I get in!!!!! Because if I don't I will go to CAM again, which is okay, but not what I want to do. We have to get our boundary exception on May 1 and its ona first come first serve basis. heatehr is camping out. Hahha. How funny. Welll, its almost time for lunch- bye!!

 dude! i ttoally forgot, I have to present a poster in english tomorrow but I have to go get my TOOTH PULLED! Gosh darney.

 My dad and I went to get pizza and oranges (for my smoothie!) and on the way home we ran right into a bird :( It was horrible.Iwaslikeshaking.Whomyspacebarjust broke.hahhahaha.. Ooh..There it goes again :)

 I got a switchfoot boook! YAY! It has the guitar music to allll the beautiful letdown songs!! So just about 20 minutes ago I played all of 24!! It was SOOOO COOOl!

 Dude. Today I made the best smoothie ever ever ever. Its Strawberry-orange ® You notice that little R? That means no on ecan make them except for me!! MWA HAH! They are SOOOOO stinkin' tasty. Snikerdoodles used to be my specialty but this smoothie ahs most definatly taken its place! So when ever ypou come over ask for one, I will give you a free vita-boost ;) Today I went to wal-mart, target, and the mall It was interesting.. Yeah. Ooh! I decorated my box for CYT alll purty!!

 If you know me you know I LOVE concerts. Well, My dad decided he wanted ot be my concert buddy! YAY! Check out all these concerts we are going to, some of them I don't even like..but still...CONCERTS! 1.Switchfoot 2.Kutless 3.12 Stones 4.Skillet 5.!Hero 6. Aquire the fire (does that count?) :) i think yes. :D

 Hey guys!! Today I had rehersal from 9-5 which was..interesting. The highlight: Turning the dresing room into a hair cutting salon. Haha. This guy who is a CYT parent owns a haircutting place bye esther short park and this girl was like "can you cut my hair to make it match with the era?" So he was like "Sure!!!!" So she got a bob then this other girl was like "Cut mine tooo!" It went on ;) It was SO coool! Haha. so then we went home and I changed and then we went to church. So Matt and I went to the servcie together and he was like "Lets sit over there." So I looked over there and I was like "Holy smack" The twins were sitting right there. AH!!! So I was like..how about we sit in the far corner? So he was like okay whatever. So the whole time I waas like oh my goodness, what are they doing here? Haha. So I talked to them afterwards and they said they were visiting our church to decide if they wanted to go here (or is it there?) and how they have a soccer game in seattle tomorrow. So I was like "Oh...interesting.." tehn I ran away to hang out with my cooler friends ;) The end.

 Dude, my sister just made me turn off Switchfoot. dude, what a suck fest. Dude, this has been a fillin w/ shilling kinda day, if ya know what I am talking fo. Okayyy. Well, let me put it this way. I am going to break my day into different parts rating each part ona scale of 1-10 (10 best.) Morning: 3, I turned off my alarm clock in my sleep so I had to take a shower late which then resulted in: A.Matt being mad B. Hannah being mad C. Being late for being early. English: 4, got in trouble had to be moved by danielle (he is a guy..i think I spelled that wrong) But its okay cuz we just talk about guitars and switchfoot the whole time. Poster dude, about a stinking word. And you know what word I got? Succumb!!! Hahha Science: 2 Way to much homework for my own good. Spanish: 5.7 Forgot to do my homework. But then I read Inge's YM magazine and got to make fun of "hot" guys for the rest of the period. *coughhh* CHAD MICHAEL MURRY! "Hillary duff and I are just friends!!" WA History: 4 I finished my project but I had to stay after to fix somethings with the printer then resulting in being late for lunch. LUNCH! 9.5 That was SOOOO much fun. I have NEVER laughed that hard in my whole life. Hahahah. Sara, Caitling, Taloy- you know why ;) Then that pretending to be fairies in the b-room. Hahha Math: 3 Yuck tastic. yeah...but I got to look at beau's guitar magazine and it had the music for Meant to live!!!!! (s-foot) (home..) 8,So I was gonna buy that magazine at voice lessons but the teacher called and was like "I can't do your lesson today" So I was like YAYYYY so I went on amazon and bought the book that has ALL the beautiful letdown songs for guitar on it! YIPEE! 3-7 days ;) I don't think I can wait that long. CYT: 3 it was bad. So I am in this improv callss and you kind of have to be funny, but I wasn't funny. I suciked so bad. It was horrible horrible horiblle. I kept messing everything up. :( Piano: -2 WORSE! I have to have this song memorized and because I am stupid I didn't memorize it so she yelled. High point: I get to quit at the end of MARCH! EE!! Now I can just play guitar all night and day! Whoopee! Home: My sister made me turn off switchfoot!! :(

 Right now I am at schoool being bored because I am done with what I am supposed to be doing. Today is kinda a bad day I guess. I already ate my lunch and lunch hasn't started :) I probably wont be able to update until tomorrow because today after school is done I go right to voice lessons, then right to CYT, then piano and I wont be home till 8!! Then I have a TON of homework. YUCK!!! Hmm...ooh Mandy!! I have Aarons broken heart. Hahha. I am going to send it to you in the mail. I wanna see you so bad, I hope we get to go down there for spring break. That would be SOOOOO much fun!!! Well, 3 mminutes till lunch! Later gators! Laura

 Hi guys!!!! I hope everyone is doing good. today was a good day. Yeah. Hhaha. I don't know what to say. I am just so happy, God has been doing awesome things in my life. when you just surrender the key to your self to God he does awesome thigns with it. I finally feel FREE! I feel like I could just fly!

 Stamp. So, today was an awesomley cool day, until the end. So first we went to bellevue and went shopping. I got some lip and face junk from sephora but thats all. All the puma hsoes were wayyyyy to expensive. Then we went to Ikea. Man, thats a crazy store. I got a framed photograph of this bridge, lake, and mountain thing. It so pretty and peaceful. Then I got a bunch of frames for these cool cards I got at the glass museum. they have awesome quotes on them. My favorite is "Do one thing everyday that scares you." Elanor Rooseavelt said that! She is one cool lady. Then I got two prety candles. My mom wont let me light them in my room but they are still cool. My new room is gonna be awesome. See, on one half its gonna be like crazy guitar rock-ish. Then we have these windows that are currently in our dining room and they are from about 1890 and they are pretty thin and everything so I am going to get three of them and hang them from the ceiling and that will be the transformation to a place of sitll tranquility, or as I call it, my "Misty Haven" :) I am so excited. So, after Ikea we were driving home and we get this call and my grandfather was back in surgery and now he is in the ICU. I doubt any of you know but about a week or too he had a small heart attack so he had to have a triple bypass surgery to get his heart all cleared up. So we has doing fine then he started to feel a bunch of pain so he went back to the doctors and we had a really had infection from the surgery and he had like a "super bug" or something. SO, thats what my life has been filled with. He has had baout three surgerys all lasting more than 5 hours. Not fun. So now he is totally unconcious. If he dies it will be absolutely unbearable. See, this happened to my Grandma two years ago and her brian had so much damage that she can't think right. Not to add any humor to this situation, but she is a lot like Dory from finding nemo. So if my grandpa dies I don't know who will take care of her. :(

 Hi everyone!!! Right now I am in Seattle at our hotel. They have free internet!!! Today we went to this aweesome museum in Tacoma. It was a gladd museum but it had mroe than just glass. They had this awwweesome photography section where they gave you rice paper, caligraphy pens, and a clip board and you wrote poetry about how you felt about the art!! It was SO fun! I wrote much much poetry. Then they had this art place where you dre what you felt and everything. I am going to frame my art,i t turned out very good. Then we took the ferry to downtown seattle and did about an hour of shopping. I got this cool balck and whie striped sweater thing and LIME green shiny purse at nordstrom!!! They are soo coool! Then we went to urban outfitters and I tried ona bunch of very cool clothes that all made me look hot but then I realized that they were playing a really horrible song in the back ground it went something like "I don't care about your personality, I just wanna *edited* you." it was sick so I decided I would psend my money else where, even though the clothes were nice, I can't support crap like that. Tomorrow we are going shopping more then to my cousin, Chrystals apartment. I think thats all... who knows! The pizza guy is coming soon so I better jet! Later days.... Laura

 Hey everyone!! Today was...well...friday the 13th. All the teachers were in a bad mood- I kept getting in trouble!! geez..and I TRY to be good. So, freddy and my brother myscheviously stole my heart (mandy, long story) but did I tell you how much I love superchick? Heatehr gets to see them tonight. I bet she is seeing them right this very second. The concert starts at 7 and its 6:24 so she is probably selling merch. I wanna be there! Now I have to go to a dumb v-day dance becasue I am on ASB. Oh well. At least Sara is coming!!

 Last night i went to a superchick concert. It was fun. I got to go backstage and run the merch boot and stuff. It was fun. Very fun. The concert was pretty good but mosh pit=bad! :) One quote, the quote of ALL quotes. Okay, this girl who ran the merch with me gave tricia some cookies and a picture her little sister drew of trish and tricia was like "Man...this will probably be the only valentine i get because all the boys in the band want a valentine from a barlow girl, not a brock girl." Hahhahaha I love her. She hugged me and I am her little sister, so she says :) I love Tricia and Melissa to death. I didn't get to talk to Mel as much becasue I was running the booth the whole time :/ But, they gave me a free shirt so its all goood. Yeah. :)

 Hey everyone! Tonight I went to church and it was loads of fun. Then afterwards we went to target. So we were driving along and finally the big target is in sight. YIPPE! then my sister was like "Oh no! I left my purse at church!" So we had to turn around and drive alll the way back! Finally, we arrived at Target. First I went to the clothes and got a bunch of clothes to try on. They were all cool pant suits and stuff. So I was in the dressing room and I trid on a really really cute button up shirt and black blazer. It looked realy good on me but while I was standing there looking at myself in the mirror I started thinking. I look totally fake. I don't really wear make-up but there in my suit top I realized I was just trying to fit in...I was trying to be like Lauren. Not that Lauren is bad or anything. But all my life I have always wanted to be included. When I was younger I never had many friends so when I went to school I seriously told myself that I was going to be the msot popular girl in school no matter what. But it never came to be. I tried and tried, but never even a moment of popularity came. But now, I quit I am never going to be popular so I might as well quit trying!! :) Anyways, I went to the underwear asile and foudn the cutest underweare on the face of this earth. They are hello kitty! Well, I had to buy them because nothing makes my day like quite underwear. And legally I can by them because no one can see them so I am not tryin got fit in with my udnerwear type. What a great day.

 Hey ya'll! I hope everyone is doing good. Today I went to tennis and piano. Sara, you need to go to tennis :) There was this new girl and she was almost as bad as ME! YESS! I acctually won a match! It was soo exciting! :)

 Today Sara, Taylor, and I went to a caucus. It was at prarie. It was fun. Yeah. We got jamba juice tooo! YUm! I geuss thats all.

 UGHHHH!! My teeth are stinkin' fine! Ok. I have to get the following: 1.One tooth pulled 2.a "large gap" filled 3. BRACCCESSS AHHHHHHHHH I AM SO FREAKIN' ANGGRRRYYY. UGH! The dentist says I have an "overbite" I DON'T HAVE A STINKIN' OVERBITE I DONT NEED BRACES. MYY TEETH ARE STRAIGHT I think I am going to go throw things. UGHHH *screams viciously*

 Gosh. I am quite angry. Okay, so my E string broke on my guitar. And I have been trying to fix it for like 20 minutes. I CAN'T DO IT!! The stupid string wont gon on that metal thing, it keeps slipping off. Then it stabbed me and made me bleed everywhere. yup. That was my day.

 Psalms 40:1-3 I waited patiently for the Lord and he inclined unto me and HEARD MY CRY. He also brought me up out of a HORIBBLE PIT, out of the miry clay and SET MY FEET UPON A ROCK, and established my steps. He hath put a new song in my mouth-praise to our God; many will see it and fear and will trust in the Lord! How powerful that is. Here I am crushed under the weight of the earth. God saw me and he picked up the great weight of all the burdens that have ever afflicted me. He carried me in the palm of his gentle hand slowly telling me that everything would be okay. Then he "Set my feet upon a rock!" A solid rock, ablissful heaven compared to life before. Now I fall into God even more then ever before. There is a new theme song for my life and its OVERFLOWING with Praise for GOD!

 Well, it all started friday. It was a rush. I went to practice and we tried on costumes. Then I went to my friends house. But I didn't really have fun. We aren't really even friends. (remember...i don't have real friends..) On saturday we went to rehersal. It was awful. I was so tired from the night before I couldn't do anything. Then voice. Thank god for voice. for some reason I "stopped singing like Britney Spears and started to sound like an angel" It was kind of nice. But considering I was sick from a reaction frmo my shot and I had a really bad headache...I was in bad mood. Suddenly I started to feel really sick and my face got really red. Thats when my mask disapeired. I could no longer hide behind my canvas smile. My teacher was like, "Are you okay? Are you having abad week? Trouble with friends?" right on the dot. How do people figure out my life like that? Ha. I will update more later.

 I try to do something, any thing right..but it always ends up dreafully wrong. I try to wroship you, I try to serve you but everytime I take a forwards I end up taking 3 back. I hate this horrible world I am forced to live in. I hate this body my spirit is forced to move in. I am so full of hate.. But that hate was formed by deep sadness. I fear I will never be fully happy. I will never have that joy that comes from you. I am off to cry in the bathroom. The only place of solidtude it this horrible world. Save me.

 I try to do something, any thing right..but it always ends up dreafully wrong. I try to wroship you, I try to serve you but everytime I take a forwards I end up taking 3 back. I hate this horrible world I am forced to live in. I hate this body my spirit is forced to move in. I am so full of hate.. But that hate was formed by deep sadness. I fear I will never be fully happy. I will never have that joy that comes from you. I am off to cry in the bathroom. The only place os solidtude it this horrible world. Save me.

 I watched the half time show, the worst on ever. It does respresent american society verry nicely. I mean really, Justin Timberlake and Miss Jackson freak dancing on tv was...well...AMERICA!! American is just searching everywhere for love. Sadly enough- most find it in the opposite gender. They think they can finally complete there life so they will do anything to get a boyfriend/girl friend. Some find it in popularity. They think that if there the hottest girl, with the trendiest clothes that finally they will be happy. To put it lightly, all of that is crap. Crappity crap. Beileve that GOD is the only source of ULTIMATE love in this universe. Grasp his love, take a hold of his mercy. I am completely positive your life will be a heck of a lot better.

 YUCK! I haven't been home ALL day. Our mousetrap car is due in like not very long at all and Caitlin and I haven't done a single thing. AH! I think I will just do the whole thing all by myself. Then I know I will get a good grade. Lalla. I can't think of much to say. So I guess I just wont say anything.

 Today was a totally weirdo mixed up day!! Geez. Crazy. Lunch was HILARIOUS! I couldn't stop laughing. I could barley eat my pizza :) Mandy.....hahahahahha... That was SO stinking funny. Oh my goodness. I was like HI mandy!! How are you? then everyone at my table talked way to loud..then just as a joke I was like "Emily, go give the phone to Aaron." Hahhahahahahhahahahahah Oh, BTW, Mandy, Marc wants to know if your hot and Evan wanst to meet you ;) Oh, and Lauren wants to know if your rich but why would that matter?! Then tennis was pretty fun. Until I started playing. I had to play like the top JV player and they were SO good. but the problem was, I knew I oculd beat them. Its just I would just not pay attention and the ball would zoom by my face. So it was i think 7-6 (us winning) an di like started to have like an emotional breakdown right on the court. It wasn't like I was crying or anything, but inside I was totally bursting into tears. It didn't make sense. I am positive God wants me to be on this team. But, its seems that if he wanted me to do this I would acctually WIN some and do good (its for him, isn't it?) So I was immensly fruesterated. Maybe being at the bottom of the ladder was getting to me. Never winning a game was getting to me? Maybe it was a person at school who would always rub my faults on the court in my face? Maybe it was me? So, back to my story. So I just cryed out to him, "god, if your here, which I know you are, hep me...HELP ME" And he did :) We ended up winning by one point (which I made) Which was a huge burden off my chest. But still... "Why am I on this team, papa? I thought I was going to help spread your word around? But I haven't foudn the right person.." Papa God just simple responded, "Wait." On the way home in the bus I overheard a conversation beetween a few girls. This one girl was saying how she was an atheist because she hated religion and she wanted proof god exist. God was like shouting at me "Here she is, Laura!!!!!! I placed her in your life at THIS moment, do something!" See, all day I had been thinking about what she had been thinking about...it was kinda eeire. So I just sat by her an di was like "why do you beileve what you beileve?" And she was like "I need proof! I need solid evidence. Also, my friends have been shoving religion in m y face and I don't want to just go to some rreligion, I want a realtionship!" I was liek YES! So I said.. "I absolutely beileve God is NOT a God of religion he is a God of realtionship, He wanst to have a realtionship. He wants to be your buddy. But, they rest, the proof is the hardest part. For that you just gotta have faith." By then we were at the locker room so I siad "Bye, talk to you later!" 2 points for the tall one.

 Dude! My teeth are like falling apart. Its sick. A big peice of my tooth just came out. Waaa.. I have to go to the orthdontist right after spring break! *yuck* BUT! I'm getting my hair CUT! After spring break though. I am going to donate it! wahhoo!!! I was gonnna do it tomorrow but we have a game at MARK MORRIS which is like an hour away, longer by bus so we are going to be gone till 8:30. Which really stinks because I can't go to church!! Which is mundo depressing. Church rocks. SPEAKING OF CHURCH AND GOD RELATED ACTIVITIES... Oh! random, my grandpa is giving me spending money for Cali! Gosh, my grandpa rocks! BACK ON TOPIC! I might get to go to creation afterall!!! SEE! I am going to pay Jacob to take me. And, I am going to pay for everything (food, gas, tickets, camping) PLUS pay him 20 dollars a day for taking care of me ;) Which will make a MAJOR dent (-$400) in my savings account but it will ALLLLLL be worth it! Creation is the best thing on EARTh. I just have on dilema...superchick and falling up are playing at the same time on different stages! Oh dear. I might not go to superchick then hang with them afterwards or vise versa. I LOVE CREATION! S-foots gonna be there tooo!! But they got booted up to the night set which means they wont sign autographs. Waa.. *To much for me to handle* BUT! Creation is still the best thing EVER. Speaking of best things. MANDY! I GOT YOUR LETTER! That sticker is creeptastic...i think i'm gonna put it on my binder to ward of the evil forces of ZANE! :) Speaking of EVIL FORCES Miss Saul was in a BAD mood when she made the science seating chart. Geez. The closest friend by me is Katie and she is farrr away and obviously daniel preoccupies her time ;-) I am by Eric. Which really isn't that bad considering Zane is FARRRRRRR AWAY!!!! Wahho! No creepy stares, baby! But still, this whole situation scares me. A lot. See, Zane is hurting so much and I desperatley want to help him but if I start being realy nice to him he might think I like him or somethign and when I tell him I don't like him or if he starts to follow me everywhere he might like r ape me or like murder me or something. Which he is fully capable of doing. That my friends is what SCARES me. Every day it always enters my ming, and I serisouly don't feel safe at all at school. And it seems as if my friedns don't take this serious, but it IS serious. Gosh, this is compromising my values. I want to be a loving christian but its SO hard for me to show love to this guy who stalks me everywhere. But that I hate the MOST is the STARES it feels like he can r ape me without even thouching me. Okay, enough about this. Yuck. Why did i get on THIS topic! UGH! Its runing my life. :)

 Dude! My teeth are like falling apart. Its sick. A big peice of my tooth just came out. Waaa.. I have to go to the orthdontist right after spring break! *yuck* BUT! I'm getting my hair CUT! After spring break though. I am going to donate it! wahhoo!!! I was gonnna do it tomorrow but we have a game at MARK MORRIS which is like an hour away, longer by bus so we are going to be gone till 8:30. Which really stinks because I can't go to church!! Which is mundo depressing. Church rocks. SPEAKING OF CHURCH AND GOD RELATED ACTIVITIES... Oh! random, my grandpa is giving me spending money for Cali! Gosh, my grandpa rocks! BACK ON TOPIC! I might get to go to creation afterall!!! SEE! I am going to pay Jacob to take me. And, I am going to pay for everything (food, gas, tickets, camping) PLUS pay him 20 dollars a day for taking care of me ;) Which will make a MAJOR dent (-$400) in my savings account but it will ALLLLLL be worth it! Creation is the best thing on EARTh. I just have on dilema...superchick and falling up are playing at the same time on different stages! Oh dear. I might not go to superchick then hang with them afterwards or vise versa. I LOVE CREATION! S-foots gonna be there tooo!! But they got booted up to the night set which means they wont sign autographs. Waa.. *To much for me to handle* BUT! Creation is still the best thing EVER. Speaking of best things. MANDY! I GOT YOUR LETTER! That sticker is creeptastic...i think i'm gonna put it on my binder to ward of the evil forces of ZANE! :) Speaking of EVIL FORCES Miss Saul was in a BAD mood when she made the science seating chart. Geez. The closest friend by me is Katie and she is farrr away and obviously daniel preoccupies her time ;-) I am by Eric. Which really isn't that bad considering Zane is FARRRRRRR AWAY!!!! Wahho! No creepy stares, baby! But still, this whole situation scares me. A lot. See, Zane is hurting so much and I desperatley want to help him but if I start being realy nice to him he might think I like him or somethign and when I tell him I don't like him or if he starts to follow me everywhere he might like r ape me or like murder me or something. Which he is fully capable of doing. That my friends is what SCARES me. Every day it always enters my ming, and I serisouly don't feel safe at all at school. And it seems as if my friedns don't take this serious, but it IS serious. Gosh, this is compromising my values. I want to be a loving christian but its SO hard for me to show love to this guy who stalks me everywhere. But that I hate the MOST is the STARES it feels like he can r ape me without even thouching me. Okay, enough about this. Yuck. Why did i get on THIS topic! UGH! Its runing my life. :)

 Mandy: My hair just changes colors sometimes. Haha. That day it was really blonde for some reason...I think I blow dryed it or something. Today I was evan's mom singing at the airport. yeah. I don't think anything else exciting happened. *thinks real hard* well, Jacob is back of to Colorado. He will be back in 5 weeks for summer vacation though :) I think I am going to go beat my brother at soccer. Mwa haha.

 Hey everyone! Today has just been..well..a day. Thank God for everyday. every breath I ever take. At church, this may seme kinda odd, but I guess I came back to God. See, I have always had this little superiority thing. I always seem to think I am better than everyone. I know even know why, becasue i'm not. But God was just like Laura, your not better than anyone. You make all these mistakes. But I still love you. I ALWAYS will love you. And because of that love I am here today. See, if it wasn't for God I would probably have a horrible life right now. As a child, I always wanted to make MYSELF happy. If any of you were my friends back then, I am sorry. I would always brag about my material possesions and try to make all of my friends feel lowly. While I was still singing "Jesus Loves Me" in sunday school, I was also stealing money from my mum so I could buy candy at fred meyers. While I blew out 10 candles on my cake I was convincing my friends that I was fluent in spanish and I was going to be a foreign exchange student. All of this I remember. At my birthdya party I mumbled nonsense and tried to make people think it was spanish for, "I am going to beat you at air hockey!" Which I also did...but I kinda cheated... Kinda. In the seventh grade, I cheated a lot to.Then I put on my goody goody smile and reported the "bad kids" who cheated on the test to my teacher. All of this I did while I still muttered the words "I love Jesus." In the seventh grade I convinced my friiend she was going to hell. Even though I, myself was also headed that direction. I have always hid behind this portrait of lies. But now, its gone. See, recently I have fallen in love with jesus. Fallen in love with God. and I don't seem to think its at all falling. Its rising Upwards. To the chalenge. Because now I will no longer live behind a portrait of lies. Because, my eternal mask is gone. let this be known, i'm not perfect, I never will be. The prodigal son was not perfect. But he ran back to his father and his father forgave him. The same way with me and jesus. This has been a year long process but its finally coming together. I kinda like it. Its a different kind of free. Now about Jamica! I might go there on a mission trip in December! Please pray for me that this is what God wants me to do. Thanks guys.

 I just got back from the concert. It was pretty fun. I LOVE FALLING UP!! Oh my goodness. Joe is the cutest guy I have EVER layed eyes on. Seriously. He is SO nice to. Very humble. Its kind like ALL the girls at the concert fell in love with him but he didn't care. It wasn't important to him. Sure, he could have any girl he wants but all he wants right now is GOD. And thats why I like him. Oh, and he uses the same picks in the SAME COLOR as Jon from Switchfoot :) Now to Tom, he is the nicest person on the earth. He is the other guitarist. He was so kind to me. He was all tlaking ot his friends but he spent time to talk to me. He wanted to know like how I was and what my name was. Then, I saw him later that night and he was like "Bye Laura!!" And I was like, Wow. He remembered my name. The time I needed someone to make me feel important, Tom was there. He made me feel happy....he made me feel like I had worth and that I was important to him. It made smile all over. Jessy is really nice too!!! His girlfriend was SO coool. I felt kind sorry for her though, all these girls were stalking Jessy everywhere. The drummer (I for got his name *waa*) ws SO cool! I got to talk to him for like 10 minutes at the intermission. We talked about signitures. :) He was like "Wow, my signiture is ugly" and I was like "Well, don't you ever practice signing autographs?" And he was like "No.." and I was like "If I ever get famous I am going to practice my autograph a billion times and make it look REALLY cool so people wil remember me by it" and he was like "Wow...thats a good idea" and Jessy was like "Yeah..that is, I should try that!" Haha. They make me so happy. Then the turntable guy was nice too, but I didn't get to talk to him for very long. I was being quized by there Bass man to try to learn everyone in the bands names. But, his training obviously didn't work to well *wink* He was like "Okay, this is *insert turntable mans name here* what does he do?" and I as like "OOh!! i know this one!" then I go he goes *wooogie wooogie* then I didn't the little turrntable sign with by hands. Hahha. Bass man started laughing then he kept going *woogie* *woogie* Hahha. What a fun night. But, the reason I love faling up most of all is because there main focus is GOD! I should have pictures up on my website by tomorrow. homepage.mac.com/onegrlrev

 "Just remember, there's so much more to live for than money, or things, or popularity, or nice cars. Some times I get caught up in worrying about money or getting a new amp- since I don't have one, and I just waste all my energy on this stress and concern. And I'm telling you, it's empty and fickle. And no matter how much I ignore God, or try to write my own life, he's always there when I realize my blind eyes." Joe is SO coool. Thats like my motto. Today at school was mondo yucky. I didn't like it. It was NOT FUN! I was like, GET ME OUT OF HERE! Then I went to tennis. It was pretty goood. I made good friends. She told me her life story. It was sue-wheat. I love when people tell me things baout themselves. That may seem weird but everyone is like a closed book with thousands of locks on it. I just want to know about you. It makes me think that they don't trust me with information about their lives...and that makes me sad. Tomorrow I ge tot see falling up *yay* I get to meet Joe. Wahhoo! I am kinda excited. But for now, I want to SLEEP! Tomorrow I also must feed the poor so I am going to me gone for abit after school so I can't go to tennis. I hope it rains or else I will miss a game which is BAD! Hmm... Im trying to think of something somewhat inellegent to say, but alas, nothing smart has come from this lifeform today. At least my english poster was pretty. And thats really all that counts in life, eh? Speaking of Eh, my brother is coming back from canada tonight, Yippee! Yeah. I think I am going to go to bed in like 20 minutes. Oh! I talied up the scores for our NCAA comp. and Sara and I are tied! Moohaha! :)

 as most of you know I saw switchfoot last night. It was alright :) Frist, Ben was like get to the church at 6. So we did. But they werenb't going ot leave until 6:30 so I was like AH! I am going to be in the very back of the chrystal. So we left and didn't get there till like 7:10. So I was like AH! I can't wait itll I get my lisence. Then I iwll show up 4 hours early for EVERY concert. Grr face. Oh well. So we entered the building. I didn't realize how yucky the chrystal is for concerts. Sure, the floor MAY have springs in it (that Jon wants to do backflips on ;) more about that later..) But, you cant have a good veiw of the stage unless your in the very front row. Karsen, kasey, Sara and I got fairly close to the front btu then Karsen was like "I am tooooooo hot" We we left :( Copeland started to play. Oh my goodness. That lead singer is creeptastic. I took mandy pictures of him JUST FOR YOU MANDY!! ;) Then the jealous sound (was that there name? *can't remmeber*) Lead singer: Mandy he is BALD haha. Not atractive. They were okay. Nothing really memorable about them. Then Swtichfoot Right b4 switchfoot I ditched our group because they were in the back and I got about 5 feet from the stage sdo I was like "Yay!" Switcfhoot was so good! Yeah, I love them.:) It was the drummers birthday so they brought out a birthday cake and ballons and we all sang happy birthday. It was sue-wheat. :) Umm...Switchfoot didn't do anything REALLY memorable. But yeah. It was grand. I took video with my digital camera. Haha. I was brekaing the rullees. Mwa haha. After switchfoot our group was like WE HAVE TO GO! So I didn't get to even get a s-foot sticker :( I was so sad. And, switchfoot was going to be out there to chat after a bit. *can't wait till she gets lisence* I am going to bo at the concerts 4 hours early and stay 4 hours late. I think I will write more when I get back from school.. :)

 Ooh!! There is a HUGE storm outside!!! its SOOOO cool!! A ton of rain, thunder, and lightning! :) I likkkkeee it! That means tennis will only be an hour long today. Wahho! :) Matt and I have to clean today then Sara is coming over and we are going to the concert :) *w00t*

 THANK YOU MANDY!!! I AM SUPER ESTATIC. SEE, BEN GOT ME A TICKET BEN GOT ME A TICKET. TEEE HEHEHEHHEHEHEHEHEHE mandy, did you get my letter? Yeah. hapy days.

 Lala...I am so bored. Hmm.. I hope its sunny today. Today I have a tennis match, improv thing, and church. :) Yippee. I am so tired. But, i'm not tired at all... ;) Yeah.

 Mandy, I thought you didn't like me because you were all like "Fine! I'm leaving." Then you signed off. :( Today school was quite fun. I wish I could be in Sara's class. i think that Sara is like my closest friend at school and I am not in any of her classes! Today lunch was AWESOME! Sara and I went outsidde and just sat in the grass. Then we layed on the grass and stared at the clouds. It was awesome. We decided to be hippies. I need to find TONS of flowy dresses. They had sue-wheat ones at target for fairly cheap.. :) Hippies rock. Then I went to tennis. I am doing so much better!! I'm quite proud of myself. :) Then! I got home and I had TWOOOOOOOO packages!! Tee hehehehe. One was from Superchick. Aww :) They said they were sorry about how at the concert I was supposed to have a neet and greet but we didn't. But it was fine by me because I got to work merch which was FUN! So they sent me an autographed photo. Which is pretty cool, even though I have TONS of there autographs already :) My second package was my FREE pretty lip gloss from Lucky Magazine! Yipee! Its quite gorgeous. Then they also gave me a bunch of face stuff samples. yay. What a beautiful day.

 I think i'm gonna go cry. What a stupid faced day. I miss Mandy. Wouldn't that suck if she was SO mad at me that when I was in california she wouldn't even talk to me. Somedays I am really stupid. Like today.

 Awww....Mandy hates me. She just left me. WAA. COME BACK! Sorry I am stupid. I'm a freak. Gosh darnet.

 My poor dear Kentucky. All hopes and dreams have been shatered. never to be looked at again. Talk about upset city. Then seniors will never place there prefectly clean shoes on a shiny championship court ever again. Gerald Fitch will never play in the NCAA again. The whole season. Over. One point. One dream, shattered. Gosh, this is depressing.

 Hi everyone! I am a SUPAAA HERRO! I fixed the internet all by MYSELF!!! wahhooop! I even called the scary comcast man and everything *proud* well, now that our itnerenet is finally working I have rna out of things to say. Tonight I reallly reallly really want to go to the worship night but we shall have to see what goes on around here. Today my brother is playing at the Shnitzer *oooooohhh ahhhhhhhh* :) Yeah. I guess thats allllll.

 I am going to be gone all day! so..bye! :) I am going to portland then guitar then church! I shall never be home.

 Hello. Today at tennis we had a match but no one told me. Hahha. So I was like okayyy. I hate talkign about my life and all the meloncaly things I do. It seems like allthe attention is always on me...scary. Thats why when my brother drives us to school I just sit in the car until 8:05 then slowly walk in. I love my quite times in the car. Its just me, my CD, my journal, and God. Sheer bliss. I love it. EVERYONE should have quite times. Today I was being a freak at the airport and I was pretending I was the star of a musical and I was singing and dancing and I ran into this pooor lady. Hhahaha. It was SOOO funny. I laughed my head off. Did I tell you about my newest obsession? His name is Joe. he is 17 and he is in Falling Up. I am goign to see him in concert very soon and we will instantly become wonderful friends and talk on the phone a lot. Then we will part ways but I will meet him at a concert during college and we will fall madly into pure godly love. How wonderful. Well, Joe has puma shoes which are an automatic 10 bonus point before we even met. I can't wait. Since Jon Foreman is 26 and is married Joe is the next best thing. And me oh my is he the best :) Well, maybe not as good as acertain junior but..never mind. I am digging myself into a deep hole *jumps out of hole* Much better. Gosh, I am SOOO thirrsty. *Dying* Brb Okay, i got my yummy purified water. Dude, I was at my grandpas house last night and I got some water and it had this junk floating in it! It was SICK. I hate any water that isn't purrified. I'm weird like that. :) I need to think of somethign to do at the falling up concert to make sure Joe remembers me. I think iw ill try to be less of a Joe fanatic and more of friend. Because that is how all wonderful relationships start. First we shall become best friends. I am so excited to get to live with my best friend for forever. even if it isn't Joe. :) Goll its 12:25 AM. The switchfoot tickets end ina few minutes. But they are at 76 bucks so I don't think its a possibility. Oh well. I shall have to see if Ben has any tickets. I hope he does! I will be quite sad if he doesn't. DUDE! My mom went to the store today *waaaahoooo* SHE GOT THE BEST COOKIES IN THE WHOLE INTIRE STINKING WORLD. They are from Canada, eh. I have always loved them SOOOOOOOO much but I can only usually get them in Canada so my mom came home them and I was like "HOLY SMAKIE! YAYAYYAYAYAyAYAYyAAY" Then KY won by 20 points which increased my happiness. GOSH I am so happy. When I was at the airport I thought my brother died in a terrorist attack. I don't ever worry about those thigns but tonight his plane was a half an hour late and on the screen it said he was on time..It was weird. So I started to get worried. He still didn't show up. So I started to pray then BANG there he was. *smile* Tonight we had a comedy sports thing and I forgot the line I got 5 minutes before we were supposed to go up there and talk. It was kinda funnny..in a not funny sort of way. :) Yeah. Gosh. I am almost runnign out of things to say. I guess I will stop saying thigns then. Good bye.. Good day. buutttt fezzzz I SAID GOOD DAY! hahahhahahahhaha its late... ;)

 I don't know why it posted that so much..thats weird :)

 Hi! happy saint patricks day. It aint easy being greeeeeeen. Wel, today I woke up at nine then ate my slurpee. After that I practiced my spanish words for my test tomorrow. *yikes* Then I bid on the switchfoot tickets but I got over bid...by one stinking dollar. But then I was looking on ebay and there are two more tickets up for bid so I will try to win those, if I don't win then its okay. I will just go to see spot rock and the sea of faces tour. Today matt and i were supposed to clean so I have been waiting for forever. He just got home from his friends hosue and he is emptying the dishwasher. So, while I was waiting for him to get home I just played my guitar for an hour. It was very peaceful. I wrote a pretty song, you all have to hear it. But I probably wont get it on my album until I get garage band..I hope I get it soon! I need my album to come out NOW!!! :D Well...today I have tennis. Which I am not tooooo excited but yeah. I am going to try to play a chalenge match against Kelsey becasue I am positive i can beat her. Then I will be #31 which is quite excelent. I am kind of tired of tennis. It seems like all my friends are like "I love tennis!" "Tennis so easy!" "I hope I can beat #20 beacause then I will be #7 on JV!" For me, every day at tennis is a new struggle. Everyone always seems to think they are better than me. The problem is, I know I am really good at tennis. It just seems like I can't do it when people are watching me. Maybe thats why I love to be alone. While I am alone I can do all things, I can get straight A's, I can sell a platinum album, I can be the tennis champion at wimbleton. But in the eyes of others, they are always better than me. No matter how hard I try they will always be better than me. But that is not the truth, I know I can do ALL THINGS. But only through Christ..and he and I have been kind of distant lately. It makes me sad.... But he is MY strength. Lead me to the waters of forgiveness. Hold me never let me go. cuz i'm your child. Though I try so hard, I never cease to fail. But, your my Go. your always here for me... Though I run You place me in a hding place Where i can stay..for a bit. Your my refuge... through the stormy times.. So, hold me- never let me go.

 We get to go to California for spring break so I get so I get to visit MANDY!!!! EEEEEEEEEE *so excited* The switchfoot tickets auction ends in 40 minutes!! Yikes! I hope I win :/ Happy Saint Patricks day everyone!!

 It’s 6 a.m. and oldies are streaming quietly out of my small radio/alarm clock. I shuffle sleepily across the room, shut it off, and find myself back in bed. I utter a drowsy prayer thanking God for the new day. I ask Him for help. My season in Christianity’s desert continues. I think we can all testify to spending some time in our own personal desert. We can all probably speak of that dryness, that spiritual malaise that eventually comes the believer’s way. If you haven’t yet, wait awhile it’ll come. Mine did. And although mine has been insignificant compared to what others have gone through, it’s lasted longer than I would’ve liked. It’s been a time of doubt, discouragement, and frustration that, at its worst moments, seemed to stretch out into eternity. As is typical of people who are in their deserts, I’ve been asking a lot of questions. Questions that many Christians are familiar with. What should I do with my life? What does God want me to do with my life? Why am I here? Does God really love me? The questioning of God’s love seems to be the devil’s favorite tactic and is by far the most damaging to the Christian. Like most followers of Christ, I pray. But its tough praying in the desert. When you’re in this stage of life, everything you say to God seems to malfunction about halfway up to heaven. More often than not, I feel like I’m just talking so things won’t be so quiet. Gone are the fragrant and passionate prayers. In the midst of the wasteland all I’ve got are smelly, weak mumbles. Most of the time I just end up saying, “I don’t know what I’m doing. Help.” But no matter how much I question or doubt, holding fast to two main beliefs helps me through the tough times: 1) There is a God and 2) He happens to be published. He’s got a book out, a darn good one; however, I doubt we can expect a sequel. I read part of His book everyday. In the mornings I read something from the Old Testament and before I go to bed I read something from the New Testament. It’s my lifeline to the faith. Technically, it’s every believer’s lifeline, but to me— the weary desert wanderer with malfunctioning prayers— it’s all I seem to have. Every time I read from that book of His, I’m reminded of what I know but am unable to sense. I’m reminded there is a God, He is watching over me, and He loves me. There’s something about the Bible reminding me of these things that’s different from people reminding me. Recently in my Sunday school class, the teacher spent forty-five minutes talking about God’s omniscience and sovereignty. People pulled out verse after verse and read them while the teacher discussed them. I hated it. Not exactly a good Christian attitude, I know, but it’s how I felt at the time. It bothered me that those two attributes were all we focused on. When you’re in your desert, you want a God who is loving and caring, not a God who wills and allows everything, even the bad stuff. Trust me, when you’ve been operating under a darkly fatalistic attitude for awhile, the last thing you want to hear is, “We all just need a little bit more sovereignty!” The Bible seems to keep things in check, usually never dwelling on only one attribute of God (although the prophets can be rather gloomy). The Bible presents everything in its context. I can’t imagine there being many pages that don’t reveal some attribute of God that relates to His goodness, love or mercy. Read your Bible. This is my message to my fellow wanderers. When visiting the wilderness it’s easy to feel like you’re alone, but you’re not. I’m right there with you, and despite what the physical evidence may say, so is God. Don’t give up. As uncomfortable as it is to wander, I’d hate to think of what it’d be like to officially throw in the towel. I consider all this an opportunity to learn how this whole Christianity thing works. It’s a lot more complicated than people make it sound. So, until I’ve stumbled out of this wilderness, I plan to keep doing what I’m doing now: persevering. I’m certainly not the best at it, but that’s not what’s important. To me, the most important thing I can do is hold to those two core beliefs, offer up whatever prayer I’ve got on me, and keep on reading that epic bestseller of love and forgiveness.

 Today I watched a Kentucky game. they won, by a lot :) Yay! Officail table members. I am bringing a special lunch activiy for your enjoyment. Be excited. Its going to be cool (for me anyways *smile*) It will include candy prizes. But thats not until april 7:) Tomororw is monday. Si U sgakk Hahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahahhahahahhaahhaha. That was the WEIRDEST typo I have EVER made in my life. Si U sgakk. HAHHAHHAHAHAHHAHAH!! What's that supposed to mean?!?! LOL!!!!! Thast the funniest thing EVER. Oh gosh. Good times. I learned how to play a relient K song but its super fast and its hard for me to change chords that quickly but I will work on it :) Now I am watching extreme mackover home edition. yeah. its pretty sue-wheat :) I want a house like theirs. Maybe we can be on that show. Haha Its so BEAUTIFUL!!! I love the kitched. I love kitchens. I love to cook.

 Hi! Last night I watched switchfoot on the television!!! It was super duperr coooolface!! It was supposed to get recorded so I could watch it over and over and over but the sutpid tape jammed. But thats okay. Today I am going shopping in Portland with my mum while matts at symphony then I have a guitar lesson then I am going to church. Church will be super fun today! Its "The Big Thing" Canada fest!!! You all should come!!!!! We are going to Comedy Sports afterwords! Yay! I am quite excited! Also, Hannah Brand is coming and I haven't seen her in FOREVER!!!!! :D

 I just got back from Hidalgo. I saw it with Garrett, Heather, Katie, Nick, and Johanna. It was a fairly good movie. At tennis i almost beat a girl! I was like YESSS!!! and she was #11 tooooo! :)

 Oooh!!!! I got on the improv team!!! I'm going to SAN DEIGO!!!!! *w00t* We get to go to disney land...and..and RIDE AND AIRPLANE!!!! Te hehehhe.

 Hi everyone!!! last night i had a spanish tutor thing. It was SO much fun!! My tutor is super nice and she was a missionary in Mexico which is cool. We had our tutor thing at Multnomah (a christian college in Portland) Everyone there was really nice and I met a professional skateboarder. He was the libraian!!! Hahah. He was SO nice! He is one of the lead guys at the Skate Church. We had our tutor session in the cafe and everyone was having these really cool concersaions (I am an eves dropper *wink*) Like one was about how amazing god was and they were like "A non christian looks at an apple and sees an apple, but a christian sees an apple and sees a beautiful work of art" It made me happy ): I love overhearing conversations. Then another group of people were getting there degree in theory. and they were humming different rythms. :) Then this morning uh..yeah. today is gonna be BUSY BUSY BUSY!!! Right after school I am going to piano ajudications. YUCK! I am gonna die. Then after that I have CYT till like 9!! It will be fun though. Tonight they announce who gest to go to the big SD!!! *nervous*** yeah. Right now I am in the computer lad and taylor, Evan, and Eric just got in trouble. Hahahha. Tehy were arguing over who was taller. Evan says hi. He was reading my blog. HAhha Well, I better jet. I love you guys! laura

 I just got back from tennis. We got the ladders. You will find the name "Laurel" at the very bottom. I am that person. its slightly depressing but its a very good thing. See, I usually get everything handed to me ona silver platter. this is something I have to work for. Also, I think God is trying to make my humble. I obviously know i'm not the best one there.

 Hey everyone...especially MANDY! Go to my site (homepage.mac.com/onegrlrev) To veiw a pretty movie of ME!

 Hi friends! How are you all doing? I am doing well. The FREE tour has far exceeded our expectations! Thanks so much to all of you who have come out to have some fun with us, and who have volunteered and helped out in various ways...we have been so blessed by all of your help and prayers and we are really enjoying ourselves! In fact, I can\'t believe that so much of this tour is over already! We are off a few days before we head out to NY. So we\'re hanging out in Chicago, working on some new songs, sleeping a lot and catching up on everything we can\'t do easily on the road. And I\'m letting my vocals have some rest too. I was wearing myself down a little bit; I think talking is my weakness! I love to meet new people, and I love to catch up with old friends at shows, so it’s hard for me to hold back on the talking thing!! \"So then, my friends, because of God\'s mercy to us...offer yourselves as a living sacrifice to God, dedicated to his service and pleasing to him. This is the true worship that you should offer\" Romans 12:1 ....I have been reading this verse from stage every night at our shows. Funny how things we share with others sometimes are meant for us or help us so much in the long-run! Lately this verse has become so beautiful to me! God has been so good to me this tour, really speaking to me, comforting me, being gentle enough to me through this time of brokenness. Things have started to come into focus more and more for me. So many times we struggle through life wondering why does God want my life to be so hard? Why does He allow me to hurt? The point is He does allow us to go through enough pain to bring our weaknesses up to the surface, to make our weaknesses visible, so that in our weakness, He can show His power! How much do I love that? I desire to be weak in that case, because I want His strength at work in me!! \"Therefore I will boast all the more gladly about my weaknesses, so that Christ\'s power may rest on me. That is why, for Christ\'s sake, I delight in weaknesses, in insults, in hardships, in persecutions, in difficulties. For when I am weak, then I am strong.\" 2 Cor. 12:9-10 I pray you are all doing well. Living a life of sacrifice to God, for God, for others...it is the only way to find your life truly, by losing it. By choosing every day who or what you will live for choosing to please God with every action, every thought, every little thing you do or don\'t do. And desiring that more than things that might temporarily make us feel better. Hope to see you soon! Look for us on our own tour possibly this fall!!! We are planning it right now, and so excited about our very own tour. Spread the news!!! Look for us in a city near you! Much luv--Tricia \"FOR I KNOW THE PLANS I HAVE FOR YOU\", declares the Lord, \"...PLANS TO PROSPER YOU AND NOT TO HARM YOU, TO GIVE YOU A HOPE AND A FUTURE.\" *JER. 29:11 -We must be willing to get rid of the life we\'ve planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us. -Joseph Campbell- --

 Hey everyone!! Today tennis was failry fun. Oh! School! During science we were doing an experiment so I made up names for the people who were in my group. It was SOOOO funny. I was the Sheet MASSSTAAA (I always got the paper towels *smile*) Inge was the "Ultimate Quen of the Unvierse", Eugenia was "Cheese Whiz" because she is a math whiz so we just added the cheese, and Katie was the "Super Scooper" because she scooped the salt into the jar. hahahhahaha Then Eric gave me his SPOON! Hhahahahhahahahahahahhahahaha (only certain peopel will get that... *wink*) Hahah.

 Today I went to school. Nothign exciting hapened except for my picture i made out of fruit snacks. Ooh! Any everyone look at me funny because of my heart shapd barbie hair clip. Haha. Nick was like "Umm...Laura? You have a barrrbiiee hair clip in your hair.." and I was like "So?" :) Heheh Then at tennis I almost died because: A. I was wearing long black pants B. I had no water C. We ran about 2 miles D. IT WAS 75 DEGRES OUT!! :) My goodness. It was so beautiful and hot!!! I ran a mile in 6 minutes! Yay! Happy days. Then I went to piano, it wasn't bad. Talk to ya'll later!!!! Laura P.S. I DONT LIKE JORGE! If I liked some cali dude i would like your borther, Mandy, becuase then I would be related to YOU.

 Yesterday we had a strike party thingy at our play and I won the "You're Cool" Award. Yay! Yesterday I woke up EARRLLYY (9) and watched a KY game. It was awesome. I was like downstairs yelling and jumping up and down because they won by so much. Then I started watching the Syracuse (I love triple headers) game but it got boring so I talked to Mandy instead. Speaking of MANDYY (hehe) I heard you were spreading rumors about me liking Jorge. Hahahha.

 Sorry I was being so stupid yesterday...I really overeacted..sorry everyone.

 Since obviosuly my problems aren't as big as karsens i shall shut up now. Just because I had a horrible day doesnt mean I matter. Doesn't mean people care. For once why can't people ever look at me? I know I am being stupid, but really. I can't hear out of one ear...does anyone care? I guess not. Today I was writing a letter in spanish and I got in trouble..I got mad..but oh well.

 Today was a horrible day. First I woke up at 7:30 so I couldn't take a shower or anything, I couldn't even brush my teeth. Then when I put my contact in it hurt SOOO bad but I couldn't take it out because I didn't have anytime. Then, I don't think I told any of you this but I have been having a lot of hearing problems recently, I don't know why...but I couldn't hear at all in one ear. So I was blind and deaf :) Then when I got to school I realized that I left all my books on the dining room table with all my homework in it. Sad times. Then, I was in a rush to get to tennis and I went to go get my bag out of the bathroom and it was GONE. Someone stole it...I had 150+ dollars worth of wonderful stuff in that bag. Including my favorite shoes. waaa So at tennis I had to use my horrible shoes that don't have any grip so I slipped and slidded all around the gym. It was kinda funny...in a really not funny at all sort of way. Uh oh. My play starts soon so I got to go. I will recount my horrible day maybe..tomorrow...

 Hey!! Go to this site, then click on storytelling, then $100. Its pretty spiffy!!! :) www.colleone.com Disclamer: I wouldn't recommend looking at anything else becasue there are a few bad thigns on that sie.

 -- Name:Laura -- Birthdate: 9-3-89 -- Birthplace: Uh....oregon/washington. -- Current Location: Vancouuvver. V-cou baybay! -- Eye Color: They change. When I a, blue they are blue...when I feel green (Like kermit) they are green. When I feel invisible they are clear. -- Hair Color: "have one bit that's blond!! WOOHOO!!" You are cheering about your blondness? My hair was blonde because I used this sun stuff on my har in florida that makes my hair lighter and I used the john frieda pure blonde shampoo which also made my haiy blonde but now I have gone into the darkest of dark brown mode so I use more products which leaves residue which then makes my hair darker. I am a hair freak, I know. :) -- Righty or Lefty: Righty -- Zodiac Sign: I have no clue. :) -- Innie or Outtie: Innie // series two - describe -- Your heritage: Dutch..I think... -- The shoes you wore today: My puma h street -- Your hair: Now, is long and fifties style. I used a metal cindular brush and a blow dry to cause the "blown out" style and I used a sharp side part with a blakc and white polka dot head band to finish the look. -- Your eyes: Didn't I already explain this? -- Your weakness?: Lemon sorbet. -- Your fears: Those beetle that infest our house night and day. -- Your perfect pizza: Pepperoni with extra cheese. X large from pizza shimmza and, of course, I eat the whole thing. -- One thing you'd like to achieve: I would like to make a good difference in the world though old time rock 'n roll. // series three - what is -- Your most overused phrase on aim: brb, why cant one just say, "I am leaving for a moment" Are they to lazy to even tell there freidsnt here destination? That, my friends, is sad. -- Your thoughts first waking up: Did my alarm go off or was I supposed to wake up ten minutes before the warman van leaves? -- Your best physical feature: If I was a trueley wonderful person I would instantly reply, "My heart" but since my wonderfulness is not somethign I have to boast about I shall say...My shoulder bones. Hahah I love them. Instead of slanting up towards my neck they are straight. Which, is a feature I share with all the delias models. -- Your bedtime: 9:15 -- Your greatest fear: "Fear itself" Truley, it stops me from doing many things I should have done otherwise. -- Your greatest accomplishment: Wiat ten years, then I shall tell you. -- Your most missed memory: Being a free little child again, with two blonde pigtails. Before I learned the word "Mommy" I learned the word love. // series four - you prefer -- Pepsi or Coke: Coke, except I have stoped drinking it because it stains my teeth. -- McDonald's or Burger King: McDonald's -- Single or group dates: Never been on either. -- Adidas or Nike:Adidas. -- Lipton Ice Tea or Nestea: Lipton -- Chocolate or vanilla:Vanilla -- Cappuccino or coffee: Nastttyy! -- Boxers or briefs: "Uhhhh" // series five - do you -- Smoke: no. -- Cuss: NO -- Sing well: Sara says I do.. :) -- Take a shower everyday:no!!! Showers are evilll -- Have a crush(es): not currently. -- who are they: Guys. -- Want to go to college: Absolutely. -- Like high school:Its aight. -- Want to get married: Maybe. -- Type w/ your fingers on the right keys: nope!!! -- Believe in yourself: I beileve in myself. -- Get motion sickness: "YES." -- Think you're attractive: Somewhat. -- Think you're a health freak: I like to read the labels on the back of coke bottles. I shall neverknow what "Agar=agar" is, and whya re they putting it in the fruit gushers? -- Get along with your parents: If I feel like it. -- Like thunderstorms:no. -- Play an instrument: "Your voice is an intrument" Piano, guitar. // series six - in the past month, did/have you -- Drank alcohol: Nope. -- Smoke(d): Nope. -- Done a drug: Nope. -- Made Out: Nope. -- Go on a date: Nope. -- Go to the mall?: Yeah. -- Eaten an entire box of Oreos: I ate 6...thats close enough. :) -- Eaten sushi: No. -- Been on stage:Yup, many times! -- Been dumped: No. -- Gone skating: No. -- Made homemade cookies: yeah. -- Gone skinny dipping: No... -- Stolen anything: I stole a penny from my mom by accident :) // series seven - have you ever -- Been trashed or extremely intoxicated: SNo... -- Gotten beaten up: Nope. -- Shoplifted: No. -- If so, did you get caught: N/A // series eight - the future -- Age you hope to be married: 92? :) -- Numbers and Names of Children: I want one to be named Clare...andd..I knew a really goo d name but i forgot it. -- How do you want to die: In a school shooting :) -- Where you want to go to college: "Davis?" Davis owns a college? news to me ;) either FIT or dartmouth. Maybe princeton... -- What do you want to be when you grow up: I want to either major in fashion design, interior design, commercail design, or buisness. -- What country would you most like to visit: New Zeeland. // series nine - opposite sex -- Best eye color?: Uh...green? -- Best hair color?: Dark. -- Short or long hair?: I like long..and short..it doesn't really matter. -- Best height: "5'5-6'" Mandy...thats really short ;) I am 5'8 haha. Uh..a good even 6. -- Best weight: Uh...2 pounds?! :) -- Best articles of clothing: No shirts that say crap like "I hear voices and they don't like you" I like clean dressed guys with like button up shirts... -- Best first date location: my parents house... -- Best first kiss location: At my wedding. // series ten - number of -- Number of drugs taken illegally: 0 -- Number of people I could trust with my life: 2 -- Number of CDs that I own: uh..7? -- Number of piercings:2 -- Number of tattoos: 0 -- Number of times my name has appeared in the newspaper?: uhh.maybe 4? -- Number of scars on my body: 50,000 :) -- Number of things in my past that I regret: A lot. :)

 I decided not to post on the xanga any more becuase it seemed kind of unfriendly..but thats just me. Tonight we were supposed to go to Target but hannah foolishly didn't do anyof her homework today or yesterday at CYT and instead played cards. She had not very much homework and she just put it off which caused me to suffer greatly. It makes me mad, I worked hard all these two days off and I got everything all done then she goofs off and causes me to suffer. Now they are going tomorrow while I am at piano. :( Then I was bored so I cleaned out the fridge and after I finished I was putting the nasty old food in the trash and the whole can fell over spilling the contents all over the floor. I then had to clean this nasty noodle junk from the floor. Thennn...I was making a yummy smoothie and my mom made me give half of it to my "hard working sister" But, I did win a lip gloss from Lucky Magazine, which was cool. The internet has been so good to me. Liek the one time where I won 100 bottles of gatorade. That was funny. After like two bottles I was like, "this is the most disgusting stuff in the whole world." Today I finally ordered my sutff off of Delias which is *cool* I can't wait till it arrives. Later gators, Laura

 Note to self: I owe mom 16 dollars I can't forget that ;) Today I went to cyt, it was a lot of fun!!! Then I went to tennis, which was SUPPPER fun. Seriously, evercise has never been that fun. We ran around this building like 5 times then we went to the weight room and lifted weights. That was fun. Then we sprinted around the cafeteria. Its kinda cool how we don't have to play tennis on rainy days. Thhen it ended an hour early because it was rainy so my mom got me a slurpy. Yay! Everyone on my team is really nice they always talk about church and everythign which is great, yet unexpected for prarie ;) tonight I think I am going to freddys but thats it!!! :)

 Hi everyone! I just wanted to say that I got another blog, i will still post in this one too but that ones there also ;) http://www.xanga.com/home.aspx?user=onegrlrev

 Hmm... Today was an ok day. Tennis was really hot! But it was still fun, my coach was like "Your doing SO much better!" Then I went to tutoring but on the way I got another bloody nose. Grr. My third today! So I had to sit in the car for awhile till it stopped. My family went to the mall why I was at tutoring. They never do that! They just shopped for like an hour. And for like a week I have been wanting to go to the mall, and when I told my family my dad was like "We can go soon!" then they go without me! Gr! I have enough money saved up for a whole new summer outfit. Yay. The cool guy in american idol lost :( The shark game is 0-0 Hmm..I hope the sharks win! I g2g to bed, see you all later. Laura Fantora

 Wow. Well, first it all started after school. Freddys car broke down so my brother was helping him and we didn't get to leave until 2:20 and it takes 20 minutes to get to prarie. So me being stupid I was like lets go home so I can get my sweatshirt cuz i'm cold. So we were in quite a rush. On the way home all the sudden I saw these flashing lights and I was like "Oh crap." My brother got a speeding ticket. Yup, my perfect brother. This is the first time I have ever seem him speed, ever. It was horrible. So we stopped by home and my mom found out so i like started to cry. So my mom was like "Lets go to tennis" So I went and my eyes were all red because it was so horrible. And everyone was like "are you okay?" haha. I was a half an hour late. It was BAD! But my coach was all nice and wonderful. Then they did the introductions where they introduce like the top jv doubles. So I was just standing there being bored because they never say my name... and like the fourth name they were like "Laura Warman" and I was like "what the heck..whats going on? Then the coach was like "Your on! Get out there!" So I was like "YESS!" then a girl on my team named melissa was like "I really wanted to play with you so I asked the coach if I could." She is the nicest girl EVER! Oh my goodness. It was crazy, Then I played like the best game of my LIFE! I only missed 2 serves! I rocked! And all this while playing like the top jv doubles. It was AWESOME! Then when my game ended I hung out with Sara and Hope! it was F-U-N! Then i had to go home and Emily and Johanna came over and we worked on our spanish project. Its pretty spiffy! Yeah. I guess thats it! Talk to ya'll later! :) Laura

 Hmm...my shoutbox wont work..sighh. Today is our game against battle ground! WAHOO! I'm gonna wear my cool skirt!! Yahoo! And today I GET MY SWEATSHIRT! *weet* Anddd...today is pizza day! Last night I dreamed that I was going to a swiotchfoot concert with Mandy but then I slept in and missed it! It was sad. Then I had some tennis dream that I do not remeber. Hmm..I forgot to finish my science. Oh well! I am quite irresponsible. I have 4 days to decide my FUTURE! Ah! I don't know what to dooo..i have prayed about it a ton but he hasn't told me any thing.. :/ Lala. I can't think of anything so say so I shall go to school Later gators. Laura

 The sharks won again today! Yay! One more win and they shall be off to the conference finals! wahoooooo

 Today I had tennis pracice from 2:30-4:30. I almost died. I think I have already posted bout that though. I got enchiladas at Baja Fresh and practiced my sapnish "skils" The cutest guy ever was ther. He was like 6 feet tall. he had gorgeous eyes. He had curly hair! Yay. I kept starring at him so he looked at me funny. Then, i went to go get salsa and I spilled it all over the floor right by him. Hahha Then I spilled my silverware! Hahhaha It was kinda not funny in a funny way. Then we went to prarie and I served for and hour and a half straight. I'm getting a blister on my fingers because of the over serving. What school should I do to next year? I totally can't decide. I'm kinda freaked out. Cam is nice..but i don't seem to be getting much out of it. Hockinson is beautiful and wodnerful but I would be leaving alot of people behind at cam. I can't deccide! And I only have till may 1 to decide! YIKES!

 Ugh. I never seem to live up to anyones expectations. My mom thinks I should get all As..do i? No. I should be good at tennis? Am I? No. I should practice my guitar every day..? NO. I can never be who everyone wants me to be. I would rather be fat ugly lazy and stupid then always have to live up to everyones expectations. But I am stuck in this world. Everyone wants me to be this perfect person. I just want to hide.

 Wow. Sara from Inhabited just e-mailed me and she was all talking about my band..hmm..i don't recall ever having a band :) Today was a pretty mutual day. It is so stinking hot. I am sweating like a pig! Its gurrroseee! Tennis was not to bad. Except for the fact that it was 85 degrees out and I was sick. I am going to the courts tonight and for like 2 hours I am going to SERVE! I need to get those down by tomorrow so I can WIN! If I loose to battle ground I think I will cry. But if I WIN! Meeheheheh. Then I will be 4 and 2!! YAY! thats like...uhhh 66%!!! WahooooMonday tuesday HAPPPY DAYS! Sara might come to my game tomorrow! Yayyyy. I have so many loyal fans.. *wink* My poor mum is excruiatingly emfermero so mi papa, y ,mis hermanos are going to BAHA FRESH! For some MEXI CAHN! Wahoooooooooooo I cannot contain my excitment. Ooh! Its so warm! I wish we had an ice cream mad who came everyday like at mandy's house. But, alas, I do not. Hahha Sad times. Hahha thats an "inside" joke. Mwa hahahhahahahhaha Time to put el foodio in mi BOCA BABY! Yeah. Laura fantora p.s. I GET MY TENNIS SWEATSHIRT + T-SHIRTY TOMORROW!

 Ugh. i have to do a stupid sciecne papaer but I don't want to. I wish I could skip school tomorrow. And I most definatly would if it wsn't for stupid tennis. I am so deathly ill. But, if I don't go to school tomorrow then I can't go to tennis and I wont be able to play in the game against Battle Ground on tuesday..which would be quite depresssing. Gosh. UGH I am so i dunno. I wish I was dead. This has been like the stupedist day of my existence. I am so physically and emotionaly weak but I just gotta continue with life. I can't just let me being sick hold me down.

 They just issued an Amber Alert. Those scare me so bad. I am all alone. Like I have been all day. I can't wait til my family gets back, i'm so scared...and so sick. Yuck. Just and hour and a half. I hope I never get kidnapped. Its my biggest fear. I would rather die any way than that. Hmm. I don't know what to do, i'm so boredd and alone.

 Fancy meeting you here. Well, I feel totally crapptastic! Today ITED was just kinda..uh. One word to describe it would be "huh" like a dumb huh. Cuz I felt pretty dumb today. yeah. The highlight was Sara's weirdohead card thing. Haha. I'm marrying the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES- Eric Meland. Hahahaha. I kill Aaron, Marc is a hippie/ fashion designer, and NIck marries britney spears and lives on the streets. Haha. That was quiittee amusing. But, sara and I forgot to meet all of our people! Like the kid who loooks like Emily and the kid with cool hair...sad times. After school I ate 4 popsicles (they momentarily remove my pain!) and took a shower. Then I went to tennis! It was SO fun! Everyone was being super nice to me for some reason..I got to play singles! It was crazy weird! but I still won! Wahhoo!!! Now, my rating is POSITIVE! I have won more than I lost! YES! Happy days! These days are ouuurrrs, HAPPY AND FREE! These days are ouuurss, come share them with ME! Then I went to Katies house...that was interesting in a very scary way. Heather and Johanna had to leave early so it was just me, Kaite, Garrett, and Nick...I was like alrighty...this is akward. her mom cooked really good mexican food! It was tastyy. Then she gave us desert which was rice crispy treats, or as garrett calls them "KRISPY KREMESS!" yeah.. Then we watched this weirdo movie called "Hangmans curse" it was..interesting. Verrrry creepy...in a funny sorta way. Now I am at home because my dad has his friends over who are missionaries in Indonesia. They are cool. I wanan be a missionary, but not in indonesia! I am dreadfully sick...I am going to try to get super sick so I wont have to even face the world tomorrow, we will see how it goes :)

 Have you seen Matt T. from relint k's new dog?! Its name is Oscar- its the cutest thing EVER You should look at his picture! http://www.relientk.com/photo.php?id=89

 Dude! I really want Googles new e-mail but I don't have windows or PC.Waa. Oh well! I just finished cleaning. Wow. This hosue is freaky. I am all alone and I don't like it. I love to be alone, but I just don't feel safe in this house. Yeah. :) My mum just called. She is at an improv meeting. Fun stuph! Oh! Tomorrow I have another game and somehow I have to get to katies house SUPER fast. So I hope the game: A. Is not an away game B. Ends fast That woul dmake me muchas happy. But I just can't leave and not play, I MUST play. I only have like 5 games left! I wanna end the season with a winning record. I am going to practice at my grandmas ALL sunday morning, like from 8-1! Yeah baby. Oh! School today was CRAZY! Hahhahahhahahah I am now stalking this kid named Ryan Fredrick. I memorized his lisence plate number but I seem to have forgotten it. Oh well! He has cool hair. Disclaimer: I'm not like "madly in love" with him or anything...I just want to be his friend! OOH! I did the coolest thing with an apple! Its really hard to explain but most of you know it already. It was AWESOME! Then I ate 3 really fatty granola bars! Yay! Eric ate 4 haha. I don't know if I like this testing..it seems like I don't get to see all the normal cam people. Most of the people seem to be pretty nice. LIKE CAITLIN! She is from Wisconsin and she likes cheese! I think I kinda scared her though..tomorrow I am totally bringing my ipod. YAY! I was gonna bring it today but I couldn't find my headphones! Grr! I also forgot everyones "presents" haha. They are all that great so don't be expecting much. ;) Wow! I am in the "wahoo i love to type tons of stuff" mood! Wahoo! ilove ot type TONNNS of stuff! Laura

 Ugh. I am in such a horrible mood. Okay, so today we had a home game against Evergreen. So I get there about Coach Linquist was like "From 15 down has to go to Heritage to play Evergreen on the open courts so we can get everyone playing faster" So we were like okayyyy... So when evergreen gets their we hop onto the bus with there 8 other players. Wow..their players...they talked about the sickest things I have ever heard in my life. I don't even want to type them out. They were POTTYMOUTHS! So, we get to Heritage. Its a super coool school! I liked it a lot! They had a bunch of cool drummers playing outside. But, there were people playing on the tennis courts! Grr!! Heritage had a home game and they didn't tell us about it! Grr!! So we were like..well..Grrr! So we deicided to go to Evergreen. When we got there..wow. Its the ugliest grossest school I have EVER seen! eew! there was like mold on the courts. So we start to play and all is jollly fine. Haha. There benches were made out of fiber glass and the people on my team were like "Don't sit on them! Last year, everyone got a rash when they sat on them!!" So I was like alrighty... :) It was finally (well, it didn't tqake that long) my turn to play. So I start the game and I begin to feel sick..really sick. so like my serves were totally off. I was not having a good day by any means. So, as the game preceeds I feel worse and worse. The horrible part was, when I hopped out of my dads car, I dropped my water bottle and I didn't notice so I had noooo water! I thought I was going to faint. Then, the girl goes WHACK and hits me right on the chest with a zoooming ball. I was like "OOOOOOOOOOOWWW" I almost died. Seriously, I like fell over. Then, the baseball batting cages were RIGHT next to the courts so all the baseball boys were like staring at us...*akward* But, even through all this tragedy.. We still won! Yay! now I am 3-3! We have another game tomorrow, me thinks, so hopefully I will feel better so I can play together! Now I have to clean. YUCK! Save me.. Laura Fantora

 Hi i'm sick! Thats all!

 Prarie is in the columbian today! Check out the sports section, they are on the front page. mwa haha.



 That last post didn't move my pictures down enough.. lalalla. Dude! That hair cutting lady was cool. But she just kept cutting and cutting andf I wa slike "Okay, thats enough!" :)

 It wont let me post in my shout thang cuz the pictures are covering it. I SHALL CHANGE THAT! Mwa hahahahah Mee hehehe

 What a hottie. ;) Speaking of hot..

 those pictures are HUGE! Sorry!! Oh, i think i'm gonna psot a pic of me and mandy just for FUN! let me go find one.. mwa hah

 Me getting my hairrr cut. Ah! There she goes! Laura with no hair! Me holding my hair (gross!) Me right now!

 its purty!!! At first I didn't like it because the stylest made it flip up to much but I brushed it and I like it very much! It was sooo scary! She cut 12 inches off of it! Haha. Its in a pony tail right now and its just a little stump. Hhahahaha. I have these bang things, they are cute! Yup. Lallalalalalalal Today I have tennis then church. Fun stuff!!! laura

 I went to a young life thing with Sara! It waas super cool! They had this karoke kinda thing and they did "Let It Be" by the Beatles! I was like YESSSSSSS!! It was lots of fun! I think I am going to stay up and watch the restaurant then go to bed. Tomorrow I get my hair cut! Yay! After I get my hair cut I have tennis and then church. yupper nooodle! How exciting.

 Dude, last night i was super bored so I decided to write a letter to my favorite air1 guy, jes wes and he wrote me back!! Here is his letter: ha ha ...you are funny. I hope that you are well. you will like San Diego, it is awesome!!! the beaches are the best. I pray that God will bless you and grow your skills to lead worship someday and write wonderful songs of worship...i pray that He will also use and grow your theatrical skills. God is AWESOME!!!!! hey, if you don't get to go to Creation, don't worry about it...other opportunities will come your way in which you will be able to see great bands and hang out with fun Christian people. He is faithful. take care. -JeswES He's my hero. :)

 I just realized that I haven't posted anything worthwhile in a LONG TIME~ So I will try to post something. Hm.I get my hair cut tomorrow. I am soooo nervous!!!! I hope they don't mess up or anything. But if they do its ok, because its just hair. It will grow! Today was kinda a yucky day. It was just dull and I did absolutely nothign worthwile. I made 4 smoothies. Haha. UGH!!! *tries to think of something worthwhile to post* Well, I get my hair cut. I am quite nervous. Wait! I already posted about this. Haha. Hmm..tonight I am going to try to go to this Sara thinng :) I tyhink its raining outside which means we wont have a game today :( waaaa I really wanted to play! Yeah. this attempt is quite worthless..I betetr go get ready for tennis, bye! Laura

 Inhabited - Rescue Me From the album Innerview Each step I take from You I see Who I really am I know the good in me is only Your reflection I look behind me and I see you Nowhere in sight I look down, my hands are bound I can't even praise You And I'm crying out to You So come and rescue me I'm here on bended knee And I'm crying out to You All I really, really want is to be free So take my hand, here I am Oh come and rescue me I've drifted so far Can't even see the shore I've been lost in the waves But haven't been fighting I'm sinking fast Oh is there an end to this I can't breath, I'm in so deep But You can save me I'm crying out to You So come and rescue me I'm here on bended knee And I'm crying out to You All I really, really want is to be free So take my hand, here I am Oh come and rescue me Never Alone BarlowGirl I waited for you today But you didn't show No no. I needed you today So where did you go? You told me to call Said you'd be there And though I haven't seen you Are you still there? Chorus I cried out with no reply And I can't feel you by my side So I'll hold tight to what I know You're here and I'm never alone And though I cannot see you And I can't explain why Such a deep reassurance You've placed in my life. We cannot separate 'Cause you're part of me. And though you're invisible I'll trust the unseen.

 Hi guys! I am bored. Hahha. I just got back from the worship night. It was tons 'o' funn!! yay! Tomorrow I don't have any school and I don't know what I am going to do. I kidna wish I had school. Hahaha I am bored. :) Laura

 I was totally born in the wrong generation. I will never be on the ed sullivan show, neverless watch the ed sulivan show. See, i want to be there when the beatles first came of the plane into america. I would totally be one of those screaming girls. I would also be the girl who skipped church to go to the ed sullivan show. My mum would be quite angry. We need something like the beatles. This generation is weak, we need something to hold us together! We need something to obesess about! I'm out.. laura

 I went to youth group tonight and it was pretty good. They are doing a series on lonliness and I like it very much. Yeah. Hhaa. I heart the beatles. Laura

 Dude..the best thing ot EVER come out of a fast food restaurant and into my mouth (besides pumpkin milkshakes of course!) are these chicken burgers from wendys. So you have the burger combo with fries. Now here is how you make it taste SO STINKING GOOD, you stuff the fries into the burger! YUM! The things you learn in Romainia... ;) YUM! I LOVE IT!! Today I went to guitar. AND I went to the mall! Hahha. I saw a girl from my tennis team! Her name is Kelsey. She is super duper cool! :) I tried ona bunch of glassses and I found these SUPER COOLL sunglasses I migght get without perscription. They make me look like a rock star. :) I also found the coolest jeans ever at nordstrom. I might get them. I also saw these Le Tigre shirts which were pretty cool but I think I am going to get a Lacoste shirt off of Ebay instead :) Yup! I get my hair cut in THREE DAYS! I am SO excited, but kinda scared at the same time! I am off to do random things..haha haha. I don't know what is funny, but hahha! I say tomatoe so screw you!!! (Hhahah. inside joke. Mehehehehhe) Laura

 Alyn McCauley read a story about bears to me!!!!!!!!!!! It was on the Sharks kids website :) How cooool!

 What a difference a year makes! The San Jose Sharks can readily attest to that fact. Just a season removed from the most disappointing campaign in franchise history, San Jose not only bounced back to earn regular-season success and a Pacific Division title, but the Sharks also became the first team to advance from the first round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs, eliminating the St. Louis Blues in five games. These would have been considered unheard of developments last spring when the Sharks missed the playoffs after being picked by many as a likely Stanley Cup contender. There were significant management changes, with Doug Wilson becoming GM and Ron Wilson the head coach. And the roster got reshuffled in a big way as veterans like Owen Nolan and Bryan Marchment were dealt away. Popular winger Teemu Selanne then left as a free agent. So, no hope for 2003-04, right? The Sharks sure didn't pay any attention to the doomsayers and in the process authored one of the top stories of the 2003-04 season, and now a new playoff chapter will be added. The roster changes placed the emphasis for improvement on young players like Patrick Marleau, Brad Stuart and Alyn McCauley. After a rough start to the season and a team meeting, the Sharks got it together and haven't looked back. "The players deserve a lot of credit," said Ron Wilson. "It is the story of the season that we won't give up." By: Phil Coffey

 HI! Dude...its 12 and I just got up!! Grr!! I was going to work on my garden this morning!! My dad is trying to help me now. Atleast he told me how to lay brick. :) Today I have to go to the mall. I don't wanna...we have to find glasses for my dad. Yuck. Then I have to go to Matt and Hannahs voice lessons because I QUIT! MWa ahahhaa. I am such a quitter. The only musical thing I do now is guitar and I am not doing very good at it becasue I never practice. ˚¿˚ (I like that face. hahha) Then I go to church. Which should be ok. I am sleepy. I got way to much sleep and still I am tired! Gr! I better go brush my teeth! BYE! Laura Fantora

 We need to go to the games on May 4+7 they are Fort VRS Hudsons Bay and Fort VRS Prarie. Mwa haha.

 "You share this incredibly personal thing with people and you think it's so personal there's no way anyone can understand it, then you realize that so many people can relate to it and what was so personal you now realize is universal." Tim Foreman [Does anyone really understand that? Maybe i'm just blonde... ;) ] "to the world you might be just one person, but to one person you might be the world" "the people who care dont matter, and the people who matter dont care" "the greatest single cause of atheism in the world today is Christians, who acknowledge Jesus with their lips, then walk out the door and deny Him by their lifestyle...that is what an unbelieving world simply finds unbelievable" "growing old is manditory, growing up is optional" "do...or do not...there is no try"-yoda "Be careful what you say and do, your life is the only Bible some people will ever read." - Dale Evans "Show me your friends, I'll show you your future." [Okay, for the next three you have to read them all in a row to get them, its a joke, ok? :) Good..] "To Do Is To Be" -- Socrates "To Be Is To Do" -- Plato "Do Be Do Be Do" -- Sinatra I only trace the lines that flow from God.--Albert Einstein In my youth, science was more important to me than either man or God. I worshipped science. Its advance had surpassed man's wildest dreams. It took many years for me to discover that science, with all its brilliance, lights only a middle chapter of Creation. I saw the aircraft I love destroying the civilization I expected it to save. Now I understand that spiritual truth is more essential to a nation than the mortar in its cities' walls. For when the actions of a people are undergirded by spiritual truths, there is safety. When spiritual truths are rejected, it is only a matter of time before civilization will collapse. We must understand spiritual truths & apply them to our modern life. We must draw strength from the almost forgotten virtues of simplicity, humility, contemplation & prayer. It requires a dedication beyond science, beyond self, but the rewards are great & it is our only hope.--Charles Lindbergh No sciences are better attested than the religion of the Bible.--Isaac Newton The need of the World is to listen to God.--Albert Einstein The most important thought I ever had was that of my individual responsibility to God.--Daniel Webster [I wonder if he's the guy who made Websters dictionary..hmm :D ] The New Testament is the best Book the World has ever known or will know.--Charles Dickens [and I was beginning to not like Charles Dikens..] It is better for me to be a martyr than a monarch.--Ignatius [i wonder who he is] [I can't beileve you read all these quotes..they are all so cool!] I account the Scriptures of God the most sublime philosophy.--Isaac Newton [Sublime! Like that one guy marrianne likes..] The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection.--Michelangelo [That makes sense. Because it seems like alot of the good artowrk out there (nature seens and such) are just reprodustions of the already perfect art God made of the world] "Peace is always beautiful." --- Walt Whitman "We will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." -- Martin Luther King, Jr "A democracy without values is easily transformed into an underhand totalitarianism" -- John Paul II to the Italian Parliament, November 2002 "Goodness is the only investment that never fails." ~ Henry David Thoreau "Et tu, Brute?" (You too, Brutus?) -Julius Ceaser [Hahah..that just struck me as funny. Hahhahaha] "Beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder." "He who can suppress a moment's anger may prevent a day of sorrow."--Tryon Edwards. "To achieve your goals is to be successful; however, to achieve your dreams is the ultimate success."--Ricky Lankford "There is always truth in sarcasm."--Brian Deaton "Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still."--Chinese Proverb [These are all so good! I can't stop!] "Reputation is what you do when people are looking. Character is what you do when people aren't looking."--Parke Kallenberg [I'm starting to sound like the character lady..;) ] "Every exit is an entry into somewhere else."--Tom Stoppard "I don't think of all the misery, but of all the beauty that still remains."--Anne Frank [I love Anne Frank, I need to be more like her.] "If you play with fire long enough, sooner or later your going to get burned."--Ricky Lankford [I admit it, i'm a pyro...:D] "Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally." --A. Lincoln "Anyone who loves learning excepts correction, but a person who hates being corrected is stupid."--Proverbs 12:1 "Spend time with the wise and you will become wise, but the friends of fools will suffer."--Proverbs 13:20 [I lovvvee Proverbs!] "Hard workers will become leaders, but those who are lazy will be slaves."--Proverbs 12:24 "The right word spoken at the right time is as beautiful as gold apples in a silver bowl."--Proverbs 25:11 "Always do right. This will gratify some people, and astonish the rest."-- Mark Twain "In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity"-- Albert Einstein "One of the most important ways to manifest integrity is to be loyal to those who are not present. In doing so, we build the trust of those who are not present."-- Stephen R. Covey "No legacy is so rich as honesty"-- William Shakepeare "You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back."--Barbara De Angelis "A little rebellion every now and then is a good thing."--Thomas Jefferson [I'm a rebel girl..in a rebel world ;) Just kiiding. But seriously, thats a good quote because if we always did what others were doing we would get nowhere in life. Dare to be different, don't conform to this world any longer!] "What the mind is full of the mouth runs over with."--Evelyn Wunderly "We all die, but do we all truely live?" "Shared joy is double joy. Shared sorrow is half sorrow."--Swedish Proverb I guess thats it..gosh, I LOVE quotes!

 I am making a garden!!! Its going to be GORGEOUS! Its going to have brick pathways made with some extra bricks that make been laying around. Its going to have a nice wood bench surrounded by large shading plants where I can sit in the summer time and read or write. its going to have wonderful smelling flowers and fresh herbs. The best thing of all, i'm going to make it all by myself! I began the work on my garden earlier today. I dug up the area of my garden. When I was busy digging my dad pulled up, home from my grandparents. When he saw that I was busy destroying our pricless lawn he got SO mad! He was like "What are you doing?!?!?!?!" So I told him about my garden and how mom said I should dig there. We was like "I don't want this mess to be the first thing people see when they drive up!!" He was mad. But my garden will be beautiful I will show him! Mwa haha.

 Hmm. i think I am going to go swimming at my grandpas house. Yup. I just decided that. Its purty hot here. Maybe i can practice tennius some on his court. Mwa haha. I need all the practice I can get. I have started not to care what i do at tenis so I decided i'm a going to work myself to death until the end off the season. Because if I don't even try its just wasting my time. Yup! This si a short post but i haven't got a thing to say. Bye! lawwww-ra

 This was a very relaxing night. It felt really nice. I watched TV for a bit then took the longest warmest shower ever. I felt so fresh and new. Now i am watching the aprentence. stuped Omarosa. :) I guess thats it. Tomorrow I will be gone all day in Tacoma at a tennis match. Talk to you all later! Laura

 Today in history Marc threw a jelly bean at me. So I threw it back at him then Mr Albers came into the room and he tried ot hit me again and he hit Mr. Albers. Hahhahahahah. He got SO mad! It made my giggle. Did you hear I am becoming asaian? I am dying my hair black and getting surgery to my eyes so then I will look asaian! "No you wont." Thanks Aaron. Today at tennis it started PORING rain! It was sue-wheat! So I smelled it. Rain smells so good. so we all ran inside. Then I had to call my mom but no one was home so I wandered around the prarie halls for a half an hour. It was fun. Hhaha. Then my mom was like "You can go to prarie next year if you want!!" and i was like no thanks... So now I am still wet. It grand. I feel so fresh. And considering I haven't taken a shower in three days (shhhh..I know its sick...I like being dirty!) Its nice to feel clean again. Hmm. Hahhahhahahahahhaha Tonight is the apprentice final! How exciting!

 I went to the orthodontist today. It as alright. My sister has to get a surgery on her jaw. :o I lucked out. I only need braces, no head gear. :) I get the mold htingy of my teeth next week, then I have to wait 2 weeks and have a consultation, then I get the appointment made to get my braces on. Hmm. It wont be that bad. maybe I will get gold braces like Aaron. Haha. get some bling bling on my choppers. Later. Lawwww-ra

 UGH! I am the mostest madest I have EVER BEEN. Okay. So there is this soccer game I REALLLY wanted to go to...it was Aaron's team VRS Marc and Erics team. I REALLY REALLY WANTED TO GO. so I got my borother to take me so it was all good. (I had to do 3 hours of work for him tomorrow but it was all goood..) SO it was all figured out so I could go. Then my stupid mom is all like "You can't go because i want you to go to church. So I was like...I know, I am going to church.. and she was like you still can't go. WHY NOTTTTT "Because it doesn't work with my schedule." What?!?!?! Of course it works with your schedule! MATT is doing all the driving and everything. I was so mad. I yeleld my head off. I have never yelled at my mom. UGH SO then I went to my room and just cried. It was a STUPID DAY

 Gosh..today was like..depressing. I don't even want to start. SO! I will share the good news. goodnews number uno!!! NEW FALLIN UP VIDEO!!!! Watch it!!! http://www.toothandnail.com/downloads/fallingup/index.html Jessy looks super creepy though so beware...but joe always looks good. ;) SECOND GOOODNEWS I might get to go to this rock and roll camp in the summer!! Its like a crash course on playing guitar and bands and stuff thats alll you do for 8 hours every day is play play play. LEARN LEARN LEARN! It sounds AWESOME! I think Emily migh tgo with me to which would be sue-wheat!! But I guess thats all..Sad, yet happy day.

 Gosh..today was like..depressing. I don't even want to start. SO! I will share the good news. goodnews number uno!!! NEW FALLIN UP VIDEO!!!! Watch it!!! http://www.toothandnail.com/downloads/fallingup/index.html Jessy looks super creepy though so beware...but joe always looks good. ;) SECOND GOOODNEWS I might get to go to this rock and roll camp in the summer!! Its like a crash course on playing guitar and bands and stuff thats alll you do for 8 hours every day is play play play. LEARN LEARN LEARN! It sounds AWESOME! I think Emily migh tgo with me to which would be sue-wheat!! But I guess thats all..Sad, yet happy day.

 Hello!! Gosh I am tired. So, I obviously had like the worst bloody nose of my whole life. I bet like 2 cups of blood has gone out from my head. It was disgusting. So now I am super dizzy. It lasted for two hours. Those two hours I had saved to do the finishing touches on my mouse trap car. Those two hours wasted. Haha. Oh well. I got to watch good tv. Like the Jessica and Nick variety show and extreme make over home edition..and! Dateline. Hahha. Yeah. So now I am SO exhausted. Those kids were scary...man. They took like 2 years off of me. Then when my nose bleed ended and I came down stairs and my mom was like yelling at me because I wasted 2 and a half hours on watching TV. I was like there wasn't a single thing I could do!!! When ever I got up I would just bleed over everything. Yuckkk. I am so dizzy I think I am going to puke.

 Gosh, nose bleed of the century. Its been bleeding for over an hour and still going strong. I wish I could post a super long post about my day but its super hard to type while I bleed everywhere :)

 So, on Thursday I went to Mandy's house. I will pick off where I left it... We walked up stairs and said hi to Amberly and I looked at her gorgeous colage. Its pretty spiftacular. Then we decided to walk to target. So we walked there...I almost got killed by a scary californian driver!! it was freaktacular. At Target Mandy got a Kelly Clarkson CD and a Freaky Friday book. Then we walked back. Amberly had made some yummy pizza so we ate that and started to watch Ever After. it was a pretty good movie, as far as romance movies go. :) Then we just wandered around her abode aimlessly and she started to cook her beef. Then we ate the beef. Then we went to youth group. Hahhaa. I love californians. Especially ones whose names are Brian and whose last name is that restaurant thats your neighbor. Haha. But, alas, I cannot marry Brian Applebee because, according to Mandy, he is a jerkface. Oh well. Then we went home and watched the wonderful Sharks game! they won! Wahhoo! Then we went to bed. And didn't wake up until good friday. Then I went to San Fransico. I didn't really like that town. except for the SUE-WHEAT paul frank store. :) Its was dirtty and smelly and had lots of street people. But yeah. Then we left san fransico and went to see the golden gate bridge.. wait...that is in san fransico. Oh well!! It was TOTALLY covered with fog. It was kinda amusing. We couldn't see any of it except for the tippy top. Haha. Then we began our drive home. The End. Its EASTER! I got a SUE-WHEAT belt. It has tennis rackets on it. Its muy gorgeous! I also got, 2 pairs of sue-wheat earings, some eye shadow, and a lip gloss. What a haul! I also got muches candy. Well, I am off to the easter service! Buh bye ;) Laura

 HI! I just got back from the store. It was..yeah. There were so many clevage-bearing-girls-who-have-nothing-to-do-on-a-saturday-night-so-they-seduce-the-cashier. It was sorta creeeeeepy. They are glared at me. I guess they can't stand a girl who will always look betetr than them even if she doesn't have make up and is wearing sweats and old flip flops. Or maybe they did look better than myself...I'm just trying to make myself feel better ;) After we went and got our California pictures developed my dad was like "Do you want a treat?" So I of course said yes even though I knew deep down inside that if I had anymore sugar I would explode (considering I ate candy, soda, and chips all the way to the Washington border) So we went of in search of fatty-a-licious ice cream (Much so those wanna be skinny girls dismay after they saw me and choclate ice cream mehehehhe) I got a klondike bar. It was pretty good. As I ate it I found myself wondering about my three favorite questions: why do I exist, why is the sky blue, and how do they make klondike bars. See, its choclate all around. All the choclate is the same width and there arne't any creases on where is was set to dry. And they put melted choclate on frozed ice cream without the ice cream melting or the choclate freezing to fast. Amazing. Since I am in the SUPER LONG post mood I shall post about my vacation. On thursday I woke up at 8. See, my brother stole my bed because he said it was his turn for the nice area. So I had to sleept downstairs. Every morning a freako garbage truck would whiz bye going "BEEEEEP" which never ceased to wake me up. (except for the time Mandy spent to night..:-D ) So I was up. I packed my bags in preperation for the ride home. At 10:07 we were off to Watsonville. The whole way I just thought of what I would say to this amazing person I was about to greet. Then we arived. I said Hi! She said Hi! And now I have to go to bed. :)

 dude. My blog is been spaztastic. Its quite bothersome. I long to make the biggest post known to humanity, but alas, it is not possible.

 I just got home. Well, not just...but kinda just. Yeah. Overall, it was a good trip. But friday I was like I WANNA GO HOME. BUt now I am home os its all good. Tomorrow is Easter. I get to baby sit little children. wahhoo ;) It shall be fun though. See, we are having it all at the clark county ampitheatre. Meeeheheheh. I get to go to all the starts dressing rooms and baby sit little kids where aerosmith threw up. Hahhaha. ok. I can't think of anything to say. So I wont say anything. Buh bye.

 I just got home. Well, not just...but kinda just. Yeah. Overall, it was a good trip. But friday I was like I WANNA GO HOME. BUt now I am home os its all good. Tomorrow is Easter. I get to baby sit little children. wahhoo ;) It shall be fun though. See, we are having it all at the clark county ampitheatre. Meeeheheheh. I get to go to all the starts dressing rooms and baby sit little kids where aerosmith threw up. Hahhaha. ok. I cna't think of anything to say. So I wont say anything. Buh bye.

 Oh wow,\. \ GOISH DARNET! I can'tfind the earase button. This shall be and AN interesting post. Stupid pc. I \ saw Mandy!! It was weird. But a VERY good weird. Everytime I looked at her I just started laughing because it was so unreal. The whole thing felt like a fake reailty. Every time Ilooked at her I was like "Wow.," She is quite wow worthy. Firt of all she is the most beautiful, friendly, funny, person EVER. I love her! Gosh. It seemed so weird. I was finally like right next to this person i had talked to for like 2 years. There she was. It was crazyyy. Schnarlififc. ;) Tomorrow I AM GOING TO YOUTH GROUP. MWa ahahahaahahahha. It shall be QUITE amusing. Mwa ha. BTW. Mandy has the coolest family EVER. They are so funny and friendly...and YEAH. I love them all to death. GOSH I am still amazed. They are WONDERFUL. But it was weird. Because while I was around her I just could never think of anything to say. It kinda felt like I had already told her everything there ever was to say. I shall thinkof things to say tomorrow. Rightnow i am in this city called Carmel. It GORGEOUS! But, its way out of my price range. Saks city,baybay. ;) The day before today (ALso known as yesterday. ;-) ) We went ot the hurst castle. It wwas ok. It was purty. DUDE! Califronia is like it is on TV. Skater /surfer boys galore. Its kinda creeepy. Is anyone herenormal? :) Much to my pleasure, I sawa paul frank shirt that said "Karoke SUperstars" haha. It was so cool (incase you didn't know thats the title of a superchick album :-) Mandy doesn't like superchick. Hahha Ok...I should lead. LEAVE> stupid earase button. I love you guys! Laura Fantora

 Haha. On the Itunes music store you egt these credits from the pepsi stuff you know and you enter them in. So I opened ITunes and I was like, Look! I got 4 freee credits! Sue-wheat! So I bought 4 VERYgood songs (yeah baby. ;) ) But then my brother came home and he was like "Ahh! Who spent my credits?!" So I was like "Oops." Now I feel bad. So i offered to pay for them. So now i owe my brother 4 dollars! gr!

 I am listening to William Hungs CD. HAHAHHAH! I LOVE IT!!1 He was the guy who was REALLLY bad on american idol. Hahha. His CD is the funniest thing i have ever ever heard. I wonder if he seriously thinks he is good. Hahhahah. Right now i am waiting to go to cali. There is nothing goood to eat so I am really bored. :) I probably wont update for more than a WWEEEK! Scary times. Hahhahah This CD is the funniest thign EVER> Hahahha I am seriosuly laughing at my computer. Hahha I gotta go, bye! Laura

 Hi i'm at school. fun stuff. The only thing i did today was sit with my FUZZY MONKEY BLANKEY wrapped around me! It was great!!! Then in second period Sara used it cuz she was cold then in third Albina used it because she was cold!! I was SO prepared for the cold! Mwa hahah! I brought 2 jackets and a fuzzy blankey! Just for my tennis game today! I was SO stinking cold yesterday at our game. I have to use everyones jackets and i felt kinda bad so today I AM PREPARED!! Mwa hahahahahhahahaha! I hope I win my game. My rating is SO bad! Hahha! I am at like 33.3 precent! Ouch. Good thing none of the games count yet. Or I would be sad :) Today we are playing Camas. STINK VILLE!!! ;) They have all these paper mills there and they smell BAD! I think I am going to force Caitlin to come over so we can work on our STUPID CAR!!! If she cant come over I will just do it all my self moo haha! ;) Lalala Right now I am in the computer lab. yeah. I finished my purty thing SO early so Mr. Albers sad I could use the internet. Waaahoo! For lunch I have a CUP CAKE!! My sister made a bunch for her friends birthday so I stole an extra one! Yay! Then, yesterday I bought a TON of Easter candy for my friends but then I realized I bought way to much so I ate like HALF OF IT! Mwa haha! Uh oh. He is making me be productive. Later. Laura Fantora

 I just watched a memorial day show on PBS. It was the saddest thing I have ever seen...it featured letters from solders who died...it showed all the death and destruction war causes...Why do humans do this to eachother? I will never know..but I will always know that every human life is important and no one should ever take away another mans right to live. •In Memory of everyone who lost their lives in war•

 Well, acctually I'm not going to talk about him... The picnic was acctually pretty fun. Improv sold hotdogs and hamburgers and we made over 300 dollars!!! Wahooo!!! Then we did the throw a pie at improv people and my grandpa won to throw a pie at me. It was so funny! Then this other person threw a bucket of water at me and I got wet. It was really cold. So I was a big lump of creamy wetness. It was great!! Then i went home and took a super long shower. It was reallllll nice!! I don't feel like blow drying my hair so its gonna be really curly but thats ok. I was sitting next to Jacki, Jennifer, and Christina and they were talking about my Turtle and christian was like "He is toooooo skinny for me!! I don't want a boy who is skinner than ME!" And I was like "Uh..ok..he isn't that skinny." She was calling herself fat. Haha. Well, acctualy the turtle was skinny, but I like skinny white boys. Just when i thought her eyelashes coudln't get more disgusting..they did. *cringes* They are like an inch thick!!!

 Or maybe its the other way around. Remember that person I told you about who had a teenage mutant ninja turtle jacket? He was at the picnic.. I think he is Tims friend.. I will update more as soon as I finish blow drying my hair....

 I am glad I got that figured out...my mum was all freaking out about the aprons and junk so I called Beka and she was like "Don't worry about it! I will bring you one!" How exciting. What and busy day. My mom likes everything to be perfect and Beka just takes it easy and lets it flow so my mom is like freaking out. Haha. When I return from the picnic I shall bless you with a super long post about everything that happened. Laura

 My mom is going to go ask my neighbor if we can borrow her APRON. Lol!!!!!! I am just posting this to say that my blog is @ fantora.blogspot.com instead of onegrlrev.blogspot.com :) Bye byes! Laura

 I love having inspiring post titles like that. I could talk for hours... I wonder how many people read this.... Maybe I should put a hit counter on it..btu those are kinda cheesey. 200 people read my profile which is kinda creepy if you asl me. I wonder who reads it? I bet there are tons of random people who read my blog. I wonder if anyone from China reads it... My mom wnats me to make and apron for improv. Hah. WHy does everyone thign I am so handy? My mom is all like "Your the fashion person, make it!" I AM NOT A FASHION PERSON. I despice fashion with my very being. Everyone thinks I am all fashionable and I care alot about clothes but I don't. I wish people would stop thinking I am something I am not. Ugh.... :) For improv we must sell hot-dogs and hamburgers. I guess it will be fun...whenever I am around the Improv people I get really nervous becasue they are always always ALWAYS funny...I am not funny...I just like to observe everyone and not talk very much...all they do is talk and laugh. Whenever I am around them I feel inferior.. Now my mom is in a SUPER DUPER WOOPER bad mood and she is like "Go make an apron!" Right.

 I just finished talking to Sara from Inhabited. She is my hero. I was telling her I either wanted to be a missionary or a history teacher and she was like "I wanted to be those exact things when I was your age!" Then I was telling her how I really wanted to go on mission trips but my parents were to scared to let me go and she told me how her parents were the exact same way but she just kept praying and God changed their hearts and let her go. Isn't that cool?!!? So I decided to pray a ton about it. I have been thinking a ton lately. What do I really want to do with my life? Its only 3 years until I graduate from highschool...only 7 years until I graduate from college and have to set off on my own. I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can support myself on my own...I am quite worried. How will I get money? It would be awesoem to be a teacher and it seems like there are a lot of jobs for teacher but they don't get payed that much...what to do what to do... I have also been wondering about what I should do with my summer...I think I am going to do summer servants so I can grow in my relationship with God then next summer I will be able to put my relationship in action! I am so excited!!!! The month of June brings so many promises of new beginnings and new adventures...but I fear leaving the old behind. New School... New Friends... New Life.

 I was listening to the KISN Memorial day 500 Coutdown and guess who was number one?! PAULIE!!!! Singing "Yesterday" I danced and sung along and my mom looked at me like I was a freak. I have offically decided that cherry jolly ranchers are the best tasting things ever. Somone needs to tell me a topic of something to ramble about. Whats the fun in rambeling when you know no one is listening. Any suggestions?! Your friend, Laura Fantora

 Oh how I love thee, Rupert!

 I just finished cooking dinner, it was really good. I decided not go become a fashion designer.... My new plan for life issssssss... I am going to get my degree in buisness then open a RESTAURANT! *w00t* How exciting. I am alone again... My brother and Kyle left again. My dad and Matt went to the beach and didn't even tell me. How weird. Oh well. My mom and Hannah wont be back until 9:30. It seems like everyone has something do do and someone else to do that thing with. jacob has Kyle... Dad has Matt... Mum has Hannah.. Who do I have? no one...

 just don't ask. I saw this guy in the car and he looked exactly like Mr Bean it was great! So we went to Portland and I was being really dumb because I am sick and tied and my mom yelled at me. I felt really guilty... Then I saw this HUGE group of guys. There were lke 30 of them and they were all my age. Hahah. I am supposed to be ushering at CYT right now but I am too sick so I went home instead. I was going to write a totally huge rambeling of everything but, alas, I am going to finish my BEAUTIFUL science poster. I heart science.

 Last night I dreamed we were at hockinson and Sara went to hockinson also and on the very first day of school Sara found a boyfriend. It was sooooo weird. He was really nice though, and he had a cool car. Then we all (Katie's boyfriend [i dunno where he came from!!!] Sara's boyfriedm Katie, Heather, sara, and I) went out for sushi! Hahhahahaa My mom is in a super good mood today so she was like "Want to go out for breakfast?!?!?" so I was like cooooool! So we get to go to downtown portland for breakfast! Haha. I am quite excited. Then I have to go to CYT again and be and usher. But its okkk! Lalalalalallal

 I am a TOTAL GEEK BABY! You should take the test. http://www.innergeek.us/geek.html I got a 31.36095%!!! wahhoooo

 THE WHITE WITCH!!! Oh how I long to be the white witch! Is it selfish of me to always want to be the main parts? The Fall CYT play is The Lion, The Witch, nd the Wardrobe and I REALLL|Y want a main part. There is only ONE problem... I can't sing. So its a big problem. The main parts always have many solos. I think I am going to take voice lessons again..but NOT from Damien. What do you think?

 I shll always ponder...until the day I die. I was at CYT all day. It was almost scary. Like when Jenny popped out of a corner and was like "LAURA!" and scared me so bad I triped and ran into a microphone stand and made it fall over. Bekah just laughed. Haha. Then this one guy named Jermey was like "Come sell popcorn with me!" andI was like "No thanks..." Even though he cut his mullet he will eternally scare me. Then he liked grabbed my shirt and was like "COME SELLL POPPED CORN WITH ME!" so I kicked him and ran away. Freako rapist. At the end of the second show Jacelin (I totally cannot spell her name!) and I we hidding in the balconey and whenever Bekah would pass by we would yell "BEKKKKKKAHHHHHH!!!!!" then hide behind the railing. She never even noticed. Haha. So then we told her afterwords what we did and she was like "You did??" she laughed. I found out who my sisters secret pal is! Its Jauclin!! and Hannah thinks its Taylor. Hahah. I like knowing things other people don't. Jacelin told me about this guy at her school who is her friends boyfriend and he has a list and whenever people make him mad he puts them on "The List" and I was like "Heyyyyy, that was MY idea!!" I have had a list forever!!!! Then Lauren copied me too.. Gosh, I guess I am justr to amazing for some people to handle. Righhhttt. During one of the scenes in the play this kid named Kasey is supposed to say "Hi Fern!" (fern is one of the girls names) and he said it in the funniest voice I have ever heard. It was the voice weird guys use when they are madly in love "Hiiiiiii Phhh..ern!!" so everyone on stage laughed so immensly hard that none of them could say their lines. I laughed too. By the end of the second show I had gotten even sicker! Its so sad. I was so dizzy I could barley stand :( Oh well. Another night, another trauma- the sotry of my WONDERFUL life!! [i'm not kidding, i do have a great life!]

 I think I am going to perform a scientific study on how people eat lucky charms. I pick out all the real cereal parts and eat the marshmallows last. But some people eat all the marshmallows first then eat the cereal. And some really weird people just eat it all at once. I need all of your data! You can post it in the comment box! :) Since some of you may not know what I do I shall give the definitions of things in my life: CAM: Character Achademics Marketplace High School. That is the weirdest name for a school I have ever heard! It doesn't even make sense!!! *sigh* CAM..what will I do with that place. CYT: Christian Youth Theatre. Its the theatre I do and its qutie quite fun! They have three shows every year and you have to tryout to get in. For the tryouts you have to sing a solo. Its always really scary for me because I can't sing very well! Improv: Every year there is a CYT Improv Competition in San Diego. You can to take an improv class then they choose the top 5 people from the class to compete. This year I was chosen so I have rehersals every week. On July first we are going to San Diego. *w00t* New Hieghts: The church I go to. Its SO huge. 6,000 people go there! I just started going about a year and a half ago, I like it very much. Well, I can't think of anything else to explain, but if you don't get something I say, just ask!!

 I don't know where that came from. Its is a Saturday morning and I am dreadfully sick. I went to bed at 12 and I woke up at 11:30. What should be enough. But during the night I just got sicker and sicker. I was sweating like a marshmallow. It was disgusting! When I got up I could barley stand and I almost fell over. My vision got all cloudy... But I have to be an usher at CYT all day..I'm kinda stuck. I wish I could stay home,but I already said I would be an usher.

 The girl I sponsor lives in the D.R. and they are having very dangerous flooding and she might be dead :( Can you guys pray? Thanks. Laura Fantora

 What can I say, I am wonderful! Just kidding. I got really bored so I was playing with my sisters makeup and I look surprisinly hot. [Matt just tripped over olive. Hahha] Except this eye gunk feels really weird. I can't stand it! Haha. At least I look hot, and hats all that matters *rolls eyes* Maybe I will wear make-up to school on tuesday. JUST KIDDING. Maybe I will take a picture. Too bad my cameras batteries are dead...*wink* I am watching this really stupid show on ABC. I don't even know what its called but tis pretty dumb. Ladedodedah. I wish I had more magazines to cut up. I need to make this science project as PERFECT as stinkin' possible! *w00t*

 Haha. I want to go to a concert with my brother but I decided not to... Did I tell you about Dashboard Confessional?????????????????? I really wanted to go to there concert on June 2 but since I am not very smart I forget to buy tickets and they are sold out..I have get one on ebay for 20 bucks but my mom would never let me go to some concert by myself. I CAN'T WAIT TILL I AM OLD!!!!!! But the concert tonight would be so freaking scary is I went. The band there is called like Zao or something and they are some super hardcore christian rock band. Hahha. SCARY. He never does anything but go "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Hahaha. I wonder if he ever looses his voice. That would really suck to be in concert and not be able to talk. Haha. Well I guess he never talks anyways so it wouldn't make much of a difference. he just yells and screams. Haha. My brother andhis friends are searchign for ear plugs. Good idea. ;) Not they are doing a demostration of what to do in amosh pit situation. Hahaha. I can't think of much to sayy sayyy sayyyy. So I will go awaaayyyyyyyy. Maybe. I think I am going to practice my guitar. I am going to write my OWN HARDCORE AlBUM. To bad Miss Shultz got me SICK so I am already loosing my voise. Thanks teacher! Oh well. I forgive Miss Shultz because she is letting me make my own Island. Haha. Its pretty greatt!!!! I guess. Its called Fantora Island. Its great! Lala. I am REALLY leaving now. BYE!

 Hey...you cna't even see me and the guitar.. Sad times.

 Since i love you guys, and YOU LOVE ME, here are some pictures. I look hot while playing the guitar... Just KIDDDING... ;) Tell us a story dad! Yeah... I am posting this picture: A. Because Larry looks like Michael Jackson Or B. Because the sky looks pretty! I'm going for A...

 Lala. School was quite fun today! I got 10/10 on my spanish quiz! After spanish I went to the PARK! It was SOOOOOO much fun!!!!!!! I ate yummmmmmy hot dogs and watermellon. And I met emily's husband is name is Justin Shermeister. Or something....he plays the bass and has cool hair!! Twas quite fun. Now all my brothers friends are over and they are watching LOTR with sorround sound and its really creeping me out. Its so loud, i am like shaking!!! Its memorial day weekend! I don't know what i'm going to do this weekend. Everyone is going to wild waves but I didn't get invited so yeah. :) I think I am going to make the best science poster in the history of me. It already rocks. I just need to find more pretty pictures! When I am all done I think I am going to take a picture of it to show you all. Its gonna be coool!

 Wahho! I made cookies and spoke to my godly-dad and now I feel much better! Wahoo! Ladedodde. I can't think of much to say except I GET TO SKIP WASHINGTON STATE HISTORRY TOMORROW! haha. My mum is writing a note for me and everything! I get to go to a picnic with emily!!! :) :) :)

 what a horrible day. I don't even want to begin to talk about it, so i wont. UGH I HATE MY BROTHER AND MY DAD AND MY WHOEL STUPID FAMILY. Whehw. I just had to release that. I wishg my brother would stop taking advantage of me, like he did today, then I got in trouble for it. i think I am going to go cut myself. UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

 Gosh I am quite tired. I woke up at 7 and began cleaning. At 9 I stopped because my Spanish tutor came then at 11 I began again because she left. Ooh! In spanish we played 20 questions all in spanish. It toook soo long! :) She also taught me how to say "cool!" "Whats up?" and other useful phrases. Then I cleaned until 12. Then I went to Sara's house!! WAHOO!! I had the bestest time EVER EVER EVER!! We went shopping in down town portland! I gota sue-wheat purse and shirt! Then we went to red robin which was VERY good and they sang happy birthday to Sara and put this ballon antenae thing on her. Hahah. It was great! Then we went to Sara's house and watched PETER PAN which is the BEST movie ever. The guy who plays petter is really cute. Hahhahah. I am off to bed! Adios! laura

 Good morning!!!!! Today is happy wednesday! Right now it is 7:75 because I have to clean before my spanish tutor gets here! Yikseeee! After spanish I get to go to SARA'S HOUSE! I am giddy with excitment because TODAY IS SARA'S BIRTHDAY!!!! :o YAy!! She is 15!!!!!!! Wahhhooooooo!!!!!!!!!!! I better go clean! Buh bye bye bye bye! (I'm like n-sync me hehehehehe)

 ABOUT YOUR FACE!!! Hahha.. OOkayyy. Today was a really crazy folk day. In english we found out Miss S has a 13 year old sister named Keisha. Hahaha. And her favorite band is Nickleback. Lol! Marc was liike "Wow..i;m impressed" Then in science we did this tuning fork thing where we would bang a tuning fork and make pretty noises...thennn while the fork was still vibrating we put it in this water and it would splash EVERYWHERE!! Hehhehehhehehe. It was so much fun! By the end of the period we were all soaked but eric cleaned up all the water for me. Yay. Then in Spanish..well nothing exciting happened. Yeah. Then we had lunch because it was am assebmly schedule. ANDD..at lunch I got Heather chips. AND The guy with the music note tatoo was at school!!!!! Heather was like "EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!" It was quite amusing. But Sara missed it because she is in Canada :( In math we were supposed to have a test but we didn't because it was a shortened period. At the assembely we were learnign aboooooot security. It was funny because the speaker mainly said "You can't be secure with out God." and these two girls behind me were like "SEPERATION OF CHURCH AND STATE!" I laughed.. Probably because I am ignorant ;) Just kidding. We were discussing this in english...it had something to do with eggs and emily's brother. :) Then today my mum took me to coldstone for some odd reason. ts was cool. They gave me free topings. The guy who was serving us was like "Whats your favorite desert?" and my mom was like "Cheeeeeeeese!" and he was like "Okay.." I got lemon sorbet with gummy bears. MmmMMMMMMM! Then we wint to Michaels and I got some purty blue ribbon. :D Then we went to Winco and i saw this person and I couldn't tell if he/she was a he or a she. Haha. He/she looked a lot like a girl but then when he/she talked he/she sounded exactly like a guy... :/ he/she was hitting his/her poor kids :( It was kinda depressing. Purty soon I am going to improv practice. Muy interesate. You guys all have to come and see my perform at the showcase next thursday and the memorial day picnic ;) Fun Stuffff!!!! Buh byes! Laura

 Oh how I love Joe....

 You and I both... felt the same we both thought this would never end but suddenly as if by chance its over oh how I miss you.. oh how I long for your touch.. I want you I want to be with you.. forever See, even I can write sappy love songs... Haha. To bad I stole the title from someone else. Haha. Alrighty. I can't decide what to do with my summer. So, I was making my Officail SUMMER CALENDER. And I only have 3 open weeks my whole summer.. and one (or at least part of that one) is being taken up by Mandy. Hmm.. What to do. Because I want to be on summer leadership with church but I also want to work at Royal Ridges..and I can't possibly do both. Hmm... I htink I will probably be a counselor at RR, thats what it seems like God wants me to do... but then today at church Scott said that he wants me to apply to be in Summer Servants...then I would do like everything all summer with the church. Which seems fun and I really want to but I just don't know what to do... Ladedadedo.

 It seems like I always get in trouble...One time I was on a Superchick message boards and my mom got SO MAD [why I am typing this i am getting increasingly angered..don't mind me] that she banned me from the computer for a week and was like "Don't talk to people you don't know!!" And I was like "Its a message boards..and I bet you that if you were to read every post ever on the board you wouldn't find any questionable content" and she got even more mad. But, Matt...he is ALWAYSSSS on the xbox message boards and in random chat rooms talking to these physco people and my mom doesn't even care..then this one time and I don't even want to say what I didn't but my brother did the EXACT SAME THING at the same time and he didn't get caught but I didn't and I had to live in solitary confinment for two weeks. Then this one time I had 2 popsicles in one day my my brother told on me and I got in trouble then the next day he eats 3 popsicles and doesn't get in trouble. I don't think I can survive living with him. HE DRIVES ME CRAZY. It seems like everyone is always studying everything I do and when I mess up, if even a little, everyone jumps on that oppurtunity to push me down into the ground and slowly combine my bien with the dirt.

 [I really like Jason Mraz] Back on topic. Since their slogan in 7 for all mankind I have offically decided I am going to save up my money and buy a pair of seven jeans. I am going to save my money then at the end of school I am going to go to saks and purchase my hot jeans How exciting..

 When I got back from the sleepover I was like "I wanan go to portland." and my mum was like "ok!" So we went. We went out to eat at elephants which was much tasty. And we went to the saturday market..which was kinda gross. then we went to pioneer place. I got a belt for my sister. But nothing for me... Then I had my LAST GUITAR LESSON! How exciting! Now i officaly have NO LIFE! I am so excited this is the first time EVER that I don't do anything except for school. As weird as it may sound its TRUE! All my life I have ALWAYS been busy..but now I AM NOT! Now for a story. So at Hello Dolly there was this guy who was sitting in front of me and he kept looking at me..so I was like "He is coool.." because he was. He had a kinda blonde-ish hair and he was wearing a teenage mutant ninga turtle sweatshirt. Haha. After the show I just kinda forgot about him but then on the way to target on friday I was him..driving a car...in his teenage mutant ninja turlte jacket. Hahaha. He had a ton of bumper stickers. One said "We Love Jesus" and the other one said "Air1" then he had a sticker for my brothers karate place. Hahha. My brother knows him and everything. And my mom was like isn't that the picks friend? so she knows him tooo! It was soo weird....

 What a beautiful day in the neighbor hoooood, would you be mine? Today school was purty fun. In english emily and I pretended we were mute and we didn't talk the whole period. Hahhah. It was great fun. Then at lunch I got CHINESE FOOD! It was soo stinking tasty! My gooooodness. Yum Yum Yum. I just got back from target. I got this face lotion stuff that also prevents acne...coool. :) Then I got a bunch of socks... nothing special just white ones! A package of yum...and a really cool necklace! Its like a black ribbon witha flower on it. Tonight I am going to an 8th grade girls sleepover for church. Fun stuff! I don't think I know any eights graders..I get to help and share what I like about the highschool group..and eat marshmallows! Wahhooo!

 Hey guys! Som eof you know about this but here is the link to my SHIRT COMPANY!! Wahhoo! I only have one shirt avilable right now, but many more will come SOOON! http://www.cafeshops.com/laurasfantora

 I was working on my garden this afternoon but I didn't get much done... I think because I was mad...see.. I made this garden to be Laura's garden. But my dad now thinks its his garden that I do all the work on. Its really making me mad. When I was first making my garden my mum told me where to make it so I dug it all out. Then my dad came home and he made me fill in back up which was a waste of time. I like the old spot WAY better than the place it is now. Now its covered by trees and they are always dropping crap on my garden. Then I was digging and and he made me dig it in a stupid certain shape. I WANT A SQUARE. He wants a circle. Then I had to dig the trench for the brick. I did allt hat and it took about a day. Then why I am at school my dad tells Jacob to roto-till my garden and ruins all the work I did on it. It used to be a place where I could hang away from the earth. but now its turing into my fathers garden..and i don't like it.

 Haha. I hate when people spell it that way. Today I am going to garden and fix my poor baby that Jacob ran over with the rototiller. *siighh* He ran over my pretty flower. At least my cucumber was saved. Yay! Then I am going to a play called "Hello Dolly" It should be muy interesante. A kid from my church is in it. Haha. Yeah... Tomorrow is opening night for charloettes web! how exciting! Haha I think I miught go to the post show party. Its at burger ville and I REALLY want a milk shake. But I don't want (Evan says hi) [He says he is avalible..hmm... *wink* *wink* [That was evans doing also..] Anywho..I don't want to always be at the show because it gets really boring after a while. But oh well. I am in history right now. Emily was like "WHY WONT MY STUPID PAPER PRINT?!?!?!?!" And as it turns out she forgot to press the print button. Hahhaha. She is blonde at heart. I think she used to be blonde when she was a little kid. Today in science we did an experiment with slinkys! It was AWESOME!! We made Melissa do all the work and Daniele and I just played with the slinky. He got it SOOOOOO tangled it was really bad. We thought we were going to get in trouble but then Melissa untangled it. Yay! In science we switched our persuasive papers and we had to argue against them [Evan wants you to IM him- daredog56] and I had to argue against Tony's paper and his paper was about how dumb keryy is. Haha. So I was like "Kerry rocks!!" Hahha. It was kinda bad..but yeah. Since i went to that convention thing I knew alot of pro-Kerry arguments. Haha. Now everyone is tlaking about how I am advertising Evan via the internet. Eric thinks its funny. SPeaking of them two...MArc got his braces off and Eric got his cast off. What a dealio. Well, I don't feel like writing ANY MORE!! Bye!!! You buddy for ever. [For ever and ever you'll stay in my HEARTT and I WILL LOVE YOU forever and ever] laura FANTORA

 Haha. I hate when people spell it that way. Today I am going to garden and fix my poor baby that Jacob ran over with the rototiller. *siighh* He ran over my pretty flower. At least my cucumber was saved. Yay! Then I am going to a play called "Hello Dolly" It should be muy interesante. A kid from my church is in it. Haha. Yeah... Tomorrow is opening night for charloettes web! how exciting! Haha I think I miught go to the post show party. Its at burger ville and I REALLY want a milk shake. But I don't want (Evan says hi) [He says he is avalible..hmm... *wink* *wink* [That was evans doing also..] Anywho..I don't want to always be at the show because it gets really boring after a while. But oh well. I am in history right now. Emily was like "WHY WONT MY STUPID PAPER PRINT?!?!?!?!" And as it turns out she forgot to press the print button. Hahhaha. She is blonde at heart. I think she used to be blonde when she was a little kid. Today in science we did an experiment with slinkys! It was AWESOME!! We made Melissa do all the work and Daniele and I just played with the slinky. He got it SOOOOOO tangled it was really bad. We thought we were going to get in trouble but then Melissa untangled it. Yay! In science we switched our persuasive papers and we had to argue against them [Evan wants you to IM him- daredog56] and I had to argue against Tony's paper and his paper was about how dumb keryy is. Haha. So I was like "Kerry rocks!!" Hahha. It was kinda bad..but yeah. Since i went to that convention thing I knew alot of pro-Kerry arguments. Haha. Now everyone is tlaking about how I am advertising Evan via the internet. Eric thinks its funny. SPeaking of them two...MArc got his braces off and Eric got his cast off. What a dealio. Well, I don't feel like writing ANY MORE!! Bye!!! You buddy for ever. [For ever and ever you'll stay in my HEARTT and I WILL LOVE YOU forever and ever] laura FANTORA

 Uh..yeah. It was interesting. Zane didn't show up till like 8 so I was like "Yes! He isn't here!" But then he was...it was scary. The fog machine set off the fire alarm so we all had to go outside.. It was kinda funny. Then Marianne dumped her water bottle on the floor and I took a step and slipper on bonked my head on a stair. It hurt so stinking bad. I couldn't breathe for like 30 seconds and I thought I was going to die. My back stil hurts really bad and I can bareley move it... Oh how I loathe high school dances!! I was exposed to way more stuff than I was like my first 9 years. :)

 Gotta go gotta go gotta go right now... Ugh!! The plumber is over and we is doing somehting with the water and so we don't have any water... I am really thirsty and I can't drink and I have to go to the bathroom REALLY REALLLLLLLYYYY BADDD! School was kinda weird today. I don't know why..it was. Emily, Sara, and I played basketball during lunch! It was fun. We played Horse and I WON!!!!! Wahoooo. Now I am waiting for the water to get back on so I can takea freako shower. i think I am going to try to make myself look ugly for the stupid dance. If I look pretty then Zane might try to do somehting...but if I look ugly maybe he will go away. And its not like my friends wont like me because I am ugly. Being ugly is fun... I mean its not like the ugly girls get kidnapped a lot.. Lalal..i'm really tired..lalalalala

 Well, I wen tot the HUGE Kerry rall in portland. It was crazzyyy. There were SOOOOOO many people there that I could barley even see anyone. But guess who was there. No, not kerry..well he was there..but thats not who I am talking about... SEAN AUSTIN!!!!! I was like wow...what the heck. Then this band played it was like everclear or something..they weren't very good. Eveyrone was like "Boo!" Then Dean spoke...then Kerry spoke. Yeah. But, who cares about them ;) I saw SAM!!!!! I am so excited. It was like anti-bush zone totally. It was a little scary at some times.... But yeah, twas fun.

 To bad I can't even spell it. but I am watching it and they had this question that was like if you had a penyn and you doubled it every day how long would it take you to reach 1 milion dollars. It made me laugh because we just did that problem in WA history. Haha. 27 days! So I was making a shirt for spanisha nd I totally killed it. It was sooooo coool until I had to put a picture on it and I didn't realize how big the iron was and I melted all the letters. Haha. Its pretty horrible. So, now if I want to do the t-shirt project I will have ot buy a whole new t-shirt and letters. Grrr there goes 10 bucks. *siiighhh* I hope this guy doesn't loose!! He doesn't know the answer..yeah. Sad timeees. Lala. Today I had improv. It was ok. We just played games and such. Yeah. Tomorrow I get to go see Dean and Kerry in Portland. How exciting! I am going to bring my camera and take lots of pictures and post them on my photo blog. Wahooo. I better go, later days. Haha. Thats what they always used to say in the "Weekenders" lol Laura

 I am so mad. Its 11:30 and I just got up. Oh how i long for a working alarm clock. I was supposeddd to wake up at 9 so I could lay the stupid brick in my garden, but obviously, I can't. GRRR. Now I have ot go to improv at 3 and I wont get back till 7 so I wont have any time to do ANYTHING. GR!!!

 Yeah!! This is my 400th post!! WAHHHOO!! So I decided to tell you about my school, even though you all know. To make this possible I have enlisted the forces of many and I have with me, right now, a copy of our real ANNOUNCMENTS!!!!!!!! *applause* I know, it was hard to get, but here you go.. CAM HIGH SCHOOL ANNOUNCEMENTS Friday May 14, 2004 Security: "He who is firmly seated in authority soon learns to think security, and not progress, the highest lesson of statecraft." James Russell Lowell "Stranded in Paradise" party next Tuesday, May 18 at CAM HS from 7-10:00 pm Activities, Refreshments, and Dancing with our own Peter Bedrosian as DJ. Pay in the CAM office. $7 with ASB or $8 w/o ASB. Guest Activity Pass required for guests outside of CAM. There will be a Pizza lunch for the Sophomore class on Monday, May 17 in Mrs. Eby's room #301. The sophomores won the recent Food Drive competition. Next week, May 17th-21st the National Honor Society is holding the 2nd Annual Cultural Week. Each day we will recognize a different culture in hopes that we all gain a better appreciation of other cultures. Every day in the bulletin there will be 3 trivia questions about the culture of the day. Put name and answers on your paper and put in box in Mrs. Bjur's room. Those who answer all three questions correctly will have their name put in a raffle drawing for a special prize. Prizes will also be awarded to those who dress appropriate to the featured culture. Regions age: Monday - Europe Tuesday - South Pacific Thursday - Arctic Friday - Africa On Tuesday you will have a chance to order Friday lunch from: Happy Family-Chinese, California Chicken-Latin American, or the Jerusalem Cafe' - Middle East. Lunches will cost approx. $6. We will hold an assembly on Friday where we will announce raffle winners. A donation will be held for the Blind School in Liberia. Seniors can pay for announcement packets at the CAM HS office and pick up packets from Mr. Blackmar. Additional announcements can be purchased for $1. CAM Mother/Daughter Tea: Attention all girls - grades 9-12, the annual Mother/Daughter Tea will be on Wednesday, May 19th from 1:00-3:00pm. Tickets are $2 per person and must be purchased from Mrs. Bjur by Tuesday, May 18. Girls interested in performing or modeling for the tea - see Mrs. Bjur. The NHS "Spotlight on Students" is coming Tuesday evening, May 25th. Mrs. Bjur needs your pictures (baby or little kid pics.) to use for this event. Cookies for the "bake-off" (2 doz.) are due Tuesday, May 25th. You need to notify Mrs. Bjur of the type that you are making. This is an evening in which we honor and "show off" our CAM High School students' achievements and talents. Winners from the speech contest, CAM film festival, talent show, mousetrap car race, plus those who would like to display their art work, photography, special class projects, sports awards, etc. will be spotlighted that evening. District Art Show: Discovery Gallery presents the 45th annual Battle Ground School District Student Art Show, May 11- May 28, at Captain Strong Elementary School, 1002 NW 6th Ave., Battle Ground. The public is invited. Wanda Francis, Secretary CAM High School Cha ching. Now wasn't that great?!?!?!?! I am quite tempted to write something really sentamental (like how I spelled that?! Its a sent of mental. Hahah) Like, oh thank you blogger and all of you who read this, blogger changed MY LIFE. But it reallly didn't, so that would be lying. But, blogger has helped me in someways. It helped me to express my thoughts through words, which is cool. Heres to 400 hundred posts, blogger. Rock oneth.

 Sometime, ya'll have to come over and we can call payphones from around the country!!! This website has all the numbers. Mwa hahahha. http://www.payphone-project.com

 I just got back from the church work day.it was fun but veryyy cold and wet!!!! Now I am going to home depot. Right now I am eating bread with melted cheese on top. Yummmmm :)

 I took this last night. Its really funnnnnnny. Those are my cool sunglasses. Haha. Lala. I am sleepy..its only 8:00! I can play "Hey Jude" on my guitar, its really cool!!! Its soooooo easy its just like G D D7 C hahaha! Its great!!! Oh my goodness! Its almost half way through May!!!!! Crazynesss!! May has been a pretty good month so far! I like May...next comes june which means summer is really here! [Almost.]

 Let it be? And when the broken hearted people Living in the world agree, There will be an answer, let it be. For though they may be parted there is Still a chance that they will see There will be an answer, let it be. Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be. There will be an answer, let it be. Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be. Whisper words of wisdom, let it be. Dashboard confessional in coming to town. June first. Which kinda sucks because I don't think I can go because thats the night of our tennis party. I feel as if I don't have a life..I have just been posting all day long. I really feel like making a meaningful post...but..I don't know. Does anyone even read this? See, the reason I blog is because I like everyone ot be able to read my thoughts..my dreams..my life. But does anyone even care? If just just stop posting would the world notice? I am in a depressing mood, just ignore me. But, I get to be a counselor this summer. Yay. But how am I supposed to minister to little kids if I am always so sad? I don't even think I am always sad. but on lonely Friday nights like tonight I wonder if its all worth it. Will my life be worth anything? When i'm gone will people care? Why can't I get a boyfriend? (now I am starting to me shallow) Its seems as though if I had a boyfriend I would have someone who loved me...someone who loved being by me and always wanted to hang out with me.. I know all this is fulfilled by God but I want a human being. I real live person. I want someone, anyone, who loves me. Is this to much to ask?

 So, I was looking in the freezer today. [Wait. Emergency break in this normal blog post] Everyone thinks I like Matt Bryerly! Hahahhahaha. Daniel just asked me if I did and he was like "Evveryone thinks you do." and I was like "Who told you that?" and he was like " I don't remember.." I don't like him! I barley even ever talk to him. My goodness. [Return to normal] And I saw this box of rootbeer in the freezer and I was like "Mom..not again!!!" One time she put pop in the freezer and it exploded. Haha. but it was these really tasty rootbeer float things. Yum. I have posted so many posts today..I am that bored. la de da de do.

 That was the sound of my french bread as it slowly cascaded down to the wood floor. As if it took minutes, it slowly floated down to our historical floor we weren't even aloud to mop. It was that sacred. When it landed, I could feel embarrassment rush to my face in the color of an apple. A red apple. "Laura!" My dad yelled, Oops. That my friends is how to get an A in english. I have no clue why I just wrote that..it just sounded cool. I love to write. Its so much fun! I am listening to Yellow Card. If I could find you know things would be better. Just a few minutes ago I was taking advantage of blogger cool search thing where you click on one of your interest and it pops up with other people who have the same interest. So I put in relient k and this guy popped up named Collin. He is 15 and he lives in San Deigo. I loves relient k, FIF, and the beatles. He is like the cooolest guy I have ever read...if that makes sense at all. You should check him out. Well, not literaly..just read his blog. :) http://collinbell.blogspot.com I wonder what he looks like..i can't help but imagine. I bet he is kinda tall..blonde hair. a jock..but not to much of a jock. I bet he doesn't care what other people think of him...i bet he isn't really popular but he has a few close friends.. Whenever I see people in the car as we drive by I can't help but wonder what their lifes are like. Are they happy? Do they have a family? Do they just go home and cry? I always make up lifes for them... Whenever I see houses as we drive past I always imagine what went on in that house. Was their much joy? A painful divorice? A sucicide? A musician? Hope? Joy? Love? Peace? Then I find myself dreaming about them. One house I rowed by everyday on crew I wrote their story..the wife was a journalist and husband was also...they desperatley wanted a family, but it wasn't happening. Everyday, the wife would stand on the lush, green, hill, and wonder. "Would I ever be a mother?" Oh, I am rambeling...

 I just want to go to home depot. So my dad was like "Ok! I will take you on friday!" So i had been looking forward to it so I oculd finally get some work done on my garden... Just a second ago he was like "Lets go tomorrow, I am to busy" All of these unkept promises are starting to anger me. I don't even think my dad knows how to keep a promise nor the importance a promise can be to his 14 year old daughter...

 Not that I really like him, but he is coming to Portland with howard dean on monday! I think I am going to go see him. He will be at pioneer square. Wahhoo. P.S. When I reach 400 posts i'm going to have a party :) only 8 more posts! :)

 Shout box isn't working, I added these coment things at the bottom of all the posts. :)

 I feel..alone. But, I feel fully content. I think I like being alone... Today, everyone is at some party that I didn't get invited to..so I just sit. And watch Dr. Phil. But I like it. I just went outside in the sun and took photographs. Some turned out pretty good. I am going to go to home depot tonight to get some stuff for my garden! *Excited* This weekend will be interesting..tomorrow I am going to garden at the church..then guitar lessons...then church. On sunday..i just have improv. I think I am going to garden alot on sunday, also. Hmm..I guess there isn't much to say.. Hockinson called and I am number 2 instead of 3. I think I am going to hockinson next year. Sara might move. :( I saw Karsen at school today. :) Her hair is getting really long :) I can't wait till summer. I don't think I can stand school much longer. Our water line is broken. And I have to go to the bathroom realllly bad! Ugh! :) Talk to you all later! laura fantora

 I am wearing eyeliner right now. I don't even know why. Haha, It makes me look like a freak but its just CAM its not like anyone will care anyways :) My hair is kinda greasy...I woke up at 7 so I couldn't take a shower. I think I might bring my cool sunglasses to school today ;) Time for school! bye byes...

 I posted three new photos on my photoblog so check it out. I am going to be posting picutres almost everyday so check it out :) somuchmore.buzznet.com

 I don't know why but that song has been stuck in my head all day. Today at tenis I had to play Kelsey again. (She was the one I lost to on monday) It was scary! But I beat her 6-2 so it was happppy! But, during the game, I pulled a muscle in my leg and it hurts reallly reallly bad and i can barley walk :( Sad times. It might be better by tomorrow. By tomorrow, these pictures are supposed to be all printed and everything so we can put them on the poster board in english but our printer WONT WORK. Grrr. And its a group project too. Ahh! Tomorrow we have a spanish test..yuckk! :(

 Our printer isn't working!! I need to print out pictures for tomorrow. Ughhhhhhhh! I just got back from guitar lessons. I'm learning how to play hey jude! Its SO easy!!!! I already know it. Haha. Tis great. I g2g do some other homework...ttyl!

 Hi! I am at school during history and my friends just told me that I put the wrong link for my photo blog..the address is somuchmore.buzznet.com :) Its pretty coool. School has been really dumb today. In science i got a B- on a test I thought I got an A. I was so mad! Grr. then in spanish our teacher is back. how dumb! Now we have a test tomorrow. Waa. I hope I do okay. Zane has been stalking me all day. Its SO creepy. uh oh. He is right behind me and he can read everything I say... Well......... uhh. Oh yeah! During english I started singing Help by the beatles and Marc started singing with me and Nick was all like "You were meant to be together" rioghhttt.. Today I have a good lunch. I have Asian ramen!! Yay! Its funny because we are supposed to be paying attention and heather and I are blogging. You can hear our typing reallly loud. I hope I don't get in trouble. Oh well. Mr. Albers likes my dad so he don't dare get me in trouble. Mwa haha! I love conections. Today I don't know if I will get to post anymore.. I have to go to my LAST TENNIS PRACTICE *w00t* theennn... I have to study spanish. And I might go to a play. Hello Dolly! Emily just got glared at. Haha. She was talking about Ruby Matthew :D Her friends baby. I am starting to like the name. I love the name ruuuuuuubyyyy! I must pay attention. Later gators!

 Why can't my parents let me be my own person? They act like they own me and they wont let me do anything. I really want to be a camp counselor this sumemr but they are way overprotective and they are like "You will be gone to long!" Gr!

 Thats me!! Well not yet. I can't decide what kind to get!! I have three choices, silver, gold and clear. The clear isn't exactly clear, you have still see the silver wire that connects the braces together. I am so indesive! i like the clear...and I like the gold! and I like the colors! Hmm I am talking to Sara from Inhabited on instant messenger!!! How COOOL!!!! :) She rocks my socks offfff! I am leaving in about 20 minutes and I wont be back till 8:30 :( Even later if Matt stops at krispy kreme...he is quite addicted! My hands are all sticky from the orange I just ate..i'm going to go wash them!

 hey! I have a new photo blog where I will be posting tons of photos, feel free to check it out! Just click on the "My Photo Blog" link :)

 Hey loook! Its me!

 Ooh! I love how this blogger counts your words!! I have posted 50,895 words on my luvely blog! Yay!! When I reach 60,000 we shall have to have a big par-tay! :) Today I have to go to the dermatologist with my brother for some cryptic reason. Then I have to go to the orthodontist. Yuckkkk! I also need to start studying for my spanish test. I am so nervous! I always do really bad on spanish tests for some reason. They are dummbb! A person from my old rowing team got a scholorship to go to yale because of his rowing talent..isn't that coool?! I wish something like that would happen to me, but alas, it never does. I want to go a really coool college. I'm thinking maybe in florida because I love beaches and its just the perfect temperature during the school year. :) But, I really want to go to somewhere on the east coast (i know, florida is on the east coast..but the northern east coast!) I love big cities and everything but its just so stinking cold! I hattteeeeee cold! I better go...skin doctor time! :/ Laura Fantora

 Ok..first the sad news : The sharcks lost. :( Funny news: check this out: http://antijohnkerry.blogspot.com/ (mandy will like it)

 Tis an enjoyable school. I like it very much! I wen to an orentation thingy. The principal was really nice. her husband did the siding on our old house. Weird. This one guy there ran right into me on purpose then he kept walking but he turned and smiled at me and I was like "Right..." Tomorrow I shall be very busy. Ay yi yi! I have an orthodontist thing at 11 then I have a meeting with my college counselor at 2:30 then I have to go to spanish. It doesn't seem like much..but it is! I really need to clean too..I wanted to get this really cool shirt. It says "We be illin" on it then under that it says "Sacred Heart Childrens Hospital" hahhaha. I think its quite amusing. Ever since I posted my blog for everyone ot see weirdo people have been e-mailing me..i'm like "Alright..." :) Later gators! laura fantora

 Well, I am so exhausted. but I am quite glad I won that game. Oh darn, its time to eat!

 At tenis I won a chalenge match!! I AM NUMBER 14!!!!! Wahoooo!! I rock!! Tonight I am going to a hockinson open house..I shall post more later but for now i'm tlaking to the cow.

 Hmm..I got up reallly early today....5:30!! Then I took like a 45 minute shower. Twas nice! I just blowdryed my hair so now I am really bored..I am all ready for school but we don't leave for an hour! Crazyness. Today I have schooooool, tennis, and church. It looks like its raining right now so I might not even have tennis. Yay. Then I would work on my garden and practice my geeeeetar! Happpy days. Weather.com says its supposed to rain until 12 then get sunny again..I doubt I will have tennis but its still a possibilty. Yay. I love tennis..but I have many other things to do! I better start studying for spanish..we should have a test when our teacher gets back. Did you hear about that? Her sister is like dying so we is gone and no one knows when she will get back. We were supposed to have a test today but we obviously aren't. Yay! I wonder what I should make for lunch today..oh yeah! Its pizza day! Wahooooooooo! I think I will get 2 peperonis. I might even splurge and get a sobe..did I tell you about our NEW sobe machine?!?!??!?! Its pretty coool! When it came on friday we all just stared at it because it was soo beautiful!! The sobe comes in cans! hahha. Its weird but cooool! I haven't had one yet because they are a dollar for a little can which is kinda expensive. My bangs are really crispy. Last night I was laying in my bed and I was like "I smell like fish!" is was...weird... :) I didn't even smell like fish..its just a really fun thing to say! Now its is 6:42 and I better go do something more produvtive like make my lunch..but wait! Its pizza dayyyy!!! :)

 I wish I would have talked to him..i feel really stupid now. But what would I have said? Incase I see him again tomorrow..should I be like "Hey..whats your name? I'm laura." I don't know the least about to say to some random guy that you think its attractive. Snapp.. Hmm. I have improv practice tonight. Its kinda scary. I hope I can be funny. I want to go to that thingy Sara goes to but, alas, I cannot. *sigh* Lalala. Tomorrow I have school, tennis, and church. Hmm. I hope they have cookies again at church. :) Ioveee coookies!

