 I was watching Sportscenter just now, which is a luxury of late. On a commercial break I happened to click through and find a documentary on National Public Television, which entailed a couple Brits being led around North Korea. A comment by the Brit was telling...I am paraphrasing, but it goes something like this, "Both Korean peoples long for reunification, and are blocked from it by the American military presence." Yes, of course, it is the American military presence, not the belligerant, violent, and, I think we can safely say, evil, North Korean regime that is the main holdup in Korean reunification. I guess while we're at it, he can blame us for Germany too. Heck, we had nuclear missiles stationed there.

 Maryland has shown that it maintains some sort of sanity in its electorate. Bob Ehrlich was urlLink sworn in today . Ehrlich, a rather charismatic former Republican congressman was essentially forced to run for governor when the Democrat controlled statehouse wrote out a plan for his certain defeat when redrawing his eastern Maryland district in 2000. Talk about a mistake. Of course, Democrats as a rule haven't been known for their keen political judgment as of late, so I am not all that surprised. When I lived in Northern Virginia I used to feel disconcerted going to Maryland, as it had a penchant for doing roadwork during business hours, and its state agencies were rather snobbish and difficult to deal with. Hopefully Governor Ehrlich can make some much-needed changes in the way Maryland operates. If it hopes to keep up with the growth in Virginia, he will have to.

 I've been convinced to apply for a JAG position in the Air Force. If anyone has any advice on the idea please feel free to email me. My intentions aren't set in stone yet, but it looks like working as a JAG would be a lot of fun.

 After an evening of quality time with the wife, and a little more studying, I decided it may not be a bad idea to do a late-night roundup. It's not often you find a story on California GOP politics in a British paper, but the Independent has a quasi-rant (I'm honestly not sure exactly how to describe it..) on the chances of an urlLink Arnold governorship . Despite some the rather nonsubtle jabs at Schwarzenegger's past, the conclusion of the piece is on target. The California Republicans are in dire need of a candidate, and moreso, leadership. Bill Simon was not an ideal candidate last year, but neither was Grey Davis. Regardless, Simon was unable to seriously threaten Davis, primarily because of the lack of an effective GOP infrastructure in the state. Perhaps Arnold would create a rallying effect in the party, akin to Reagan, ,and energize it when the governorship becomes an open seat in 2006. If you're interested in a more detailed assessment of the GOP situation in California, take a look at Shawn Steel's urlLink article on National Review Online.

 I suppose such groups as urlLink this are only happy if the only opportunity for a nuclear detonation is in a major American city. I speak of yet another redux of the urlLink daisy ad of course.

 The next time Daschle complains about not being informed enough on foreign affairs issues, he has urlLink no one to blame but himself . Is it possible that there are Democrats out there who view national security as just another political pawn, who hope to capitalize on the inability of the United States Senate to make educated and well-reasoned judgments on the state of our nation? I hope not, but the available evidence is disconcerting.

 For anyone in a state considering their own version of urlLink socialized medicine , please think twice.

 urlLink Centralizing the NYC school system may not be a bad idea in the right hands, but the esteemed RINO mayor of that fine city may not be the one I'd trust to do it...

 And the snow just will not stop...I know your average Bostonian will laugh at us (and we'll laugh at them, because they talk funny), but this kind of snow hasn't been seen around here in well over a decade. It is ale and fire weather, that's for certain. I've yet to comment on the finding of the empty but chemical-ready urlLink warheads in Iraq for a reason - it's not news. There will be more such things found, and likely, worse things. Even Hans Blix appears to offer no explanation on this one.

 Want to see something depressing? Try to find some good news urlLink here .

 The baseball All Star game seems to no longer be a meaningless circus. The plan to give the league that wins the game urlLink home field advantage in the World Series is a big deal. Ever since urlLink Pete Rose bowled over Ray Fosse in the 1970 All Star Game the seriousness of the contest has been greatly diminished. This squeamishness to play the game hard was exemplified last year when it was called a tie as there were no more pitchers available on either side. I wonder what happens if there is a tie now? Do you play 3 1/2 games at the AL park, and then 3 1/2 at the NL park? Pick up after 4 1/2 innings, and finish the game elsewhere? I don't think this was resolved in the vote.

 Britain sends the urlLink pride of its fleet to the Persian Gulf. This story is one of the few where The Guardian lives up to its name... Oh, and this is funny. It's been targeted by anti-war protesters. Now let's think about this for a second...it's one thing to go play Human Shield in Baghdad (a game, I hear, that is really not all that fun when the bombs start dropping), and another entirely to take on an AIRCRAFT CARRIER directly. It's easy to be noble when you know the target of your ire is too civilized to actually strike back. The ironies with which antiwar protesters must travel continue to amuse me. It's almost as if they can't shake them...

 As I and most others in Nashville are now officially snowed in, there's not much else to do but pontificate (that, and study for the bar...). I flipped over to MSNBC a second go, and they were all excited about Kansas City getting its first snow of the year, a total of 4 inches. Meanwhile, we get 6 (I went outside and measured...it varies between 5 and 7 inches) and don't even get an honorable mention! Not to get too excited over a minor issue, but such an example is just emblematic of the poor reporting at MSNBC. If you don't understand that more snow in the South is a bigger story than less snow in the northern Great Plains, you might have a problem with journalistic judgment.

 Where is the Left on North Korea? For an ideological bent that claims in their collective loudest voice to care about people's rights, who will go to the edges of the Earth to support abortion, and who will send out thousands of attorneys in an election to make sure minorities do not feel the least uncomfortable at the polls, they are silent...almost stone silent, about the urlLink atrocities of Kim Jong Il . I often come to internal loggerheads about such things. There's a part of Realpolitik in me that says we should contain, contain, and contain until we cannot contain any more. Then there's the other more Wilsonian part of me that says that all tyrants should be deposed, and left to their fate at the hands of those they oppressed. We have two Stalinists dictators in the crosshairs right now. Millions have died at their hands. Yet, the whole "War is Not the Answer" crowd (led by the expert generalship of none other than Sheryl Crow) finds some sort of emotional satisfaction at making sure that any efforts to free these people are thwarted. The people who live under dictators lack one primary, and decisive thing that we take for granted, and that's the vote. A prerequisite for the vote is freedom. Once they have the vote, they deserve the leader they get. Regardless, when people vote, they don't knowingly vote for butchers. But no serious person believes that Saddam Hussein actually got 100% of the vote. Neither did Castro, or any other "president" or "premier" in a totalitarian society. The antiwar left often asks why the people don't just change their leader, or why we don't just helicopter in to Baghdad and arrest Saddam. This, sadly, is a testament to their lost grasp on reality. When a perspective loses its grasp on reality, it no longer deserves consideration. It only deserves contempt. If the freedom of those who are oppressed daily, tortured, and killed for no more than having the wrong opinion , among other things, is not worth a war, then nothing is. The United States is a country who liberates, not conquers. If we were conquerors, our colonies in Europe and Asia would be the first to tell you (note for any antiwar readers, we have colonies in neither Europe nor Asia).

 It's urlLink about time ...Why we haven't been keeping a closer eye on visitors from EVERY Muslim country is beyond me. We can fool ourselves all we want, and attempt to be a tolerant society to a fault, but the problem is the Islamists (note, I did not say Islam). Any interpretation of the Koran that requires destroying infidels and making the entire world Muslim is suspect. Any country where there is a significant adherence to such an interpretation ought to have its nationals watched. And that's all we're saying...watched. It's not as if we are putting a scarlet Q on their vest, or making them wear some hideous sounding cow bell. We heard a similar mantra to that coming out of Islamist teaching from the Soviets during the Cold War. Krushchev promised us our children would all be living under communism. And he actually meant it. He lost, along with his system, but thanks in large part to visionary American and British leadership in the 1980s, after significant Soviet world gains in the 1970s. Societies ignore at their own peril what their enemies tell them their intentions are. The Soviets did it, the Nazis did it during the 1930s, and the Vandals weren't too shy about it either, if you want to go way back. It's a cliche, but if one does not study history, one is doomed to repeat it. Repeating such history in the age of WMD is suicidal folly.

 The link for the last post is urlLink here .

 Tennessee seems intent on maintaining its gambling monopoly urlLink . I'm not sure why it's accepted and conventional wisdom that a state run lottery is ok, but private operations, where, in fact, the odds are more in your favor, are evil. Consistency has been called the hobgoblin of small minds, but the inconsistency in instances such as this simply reeks of hypocrisy.

 Forget Donald Rumsfeld, Condoleeza Rice and the like...we need William Rehnquist to guide our foreign policy. If we were the UK, we urlLink may be in such danger .

 It's good to see it finally happening. President Bush is urlLink sticking by his guns and facing down the affirmative action program at the University of Michigan. I'm glad that Bush is not shy about doing the right thing in the realm of race, especially in the wake of the Trent Lott debacle.

 Let's hope urlLink this means something. Blair appears to be heavily on board, at his own domestic peril. Fortunately for Britain, and the world, he appears to be more familiar with the work of Winston Churchill than that of urlLink Neville Chamberlain .

 For those of you not in Tennessee, you can skip this next post. If you have any interest in the politics of the Volunteer State, please feel free to proceed. Finally, the Tennessee legislature is making at least a token effort to live within its means. I had to pick my jaw up off the floor when Speaker Jimmie Naifeh made the following acute observation, ''We are going to have to try to work within the current revenue structure. We have to try to do this without raising any new revenue.'' See it urlLink here in The Tennessean. For those of you not in Tennessee, this is the equivalent of Bill Clinton swearing off women. After the battle of attrition waged during last year's legislative session, this turnabout, worth whatever Naifeh's word is worth, is nominally quite the development. The Republicans did well to pick up the seats they did. Unfortunately, the General Assembly is still a Democratic institution, where they maintain a soft ten vote majority. I say soft because there is a healthy group of Democrats who remained true to their word to oppose the income tax, and who were reelected on that basis. And that is a good thing. Despite the words of the good speaker, we all know that the income tax will never be dead. It's a battle that will have to be fought every session. This will especially be true as the issue of equalizing teacher pay across the state per court order is brought into effect. Expect the Democrats to connect the income tax to education. Better yet, count on the TEA forcing the Democrats to connect the income tax to education. Point being, the boys over at Tennessee Tax Revolt better be gassing up the trucks.

 I have to give Tony Blair a lot of credit. He has stepped up to the plate on the War on Terrorism and taken some fastballs in the face. Unfortunately, in politics, you never get to take first. Perhaps I should have come up with something more apt for a British political post (i.e. a urlLink football metaphor), but the baseball comparison seems to make more sense. Regardless, it appears clear that Blair has discovered the urlLink futility of going to the UN for action . Courtesy of urlLink Matt Drudge .

 Oh, and North Korea declaring a holy war...can they do that? Perhaps they subscribe to some sort of post-modern marxism, but I wasn't aware atheist states could wage jihad. Just when the world starts to make sense...

 Oh, I forgot to mention Sheryl Crow and Barbara Streisand when I discussed great thinkers of the Left that I cower before (I know I misspelled "Barbara" - I have heard she really, really hates that. I doubt she'll ever read this, but here's to hoping!).

 Oh, and get this...countries are the same as neighbors. So what does this mean, Saddam's blocking our view? We're mad...so let's just talk. Wow. With great thinkers like this the Left is sure to win out on this war with Iraq thing...

 Now that the formalities of blog creation and purpose are out of the way, I can continue on to more engaging, and at times entertaining, topics. For instance, the rather insane woman organizer of the Naked Liberal Woman Message to Space for Peace (I don't think that's the official name, but it ought to be) is on Hannity & Colmes right now. Talk about wacky. I suppose there's something to be said for someone's persuasive ability when they can get 100 women to take off their clothes and lie in the grass spelling things, but it doesn't say much more than that if that person is actually trying to affect public opinion. Geez - her stated position is that "America should disarm." What are we supposed to do with that?

 MISSION STATEMENT: This blog, originating from Nashville, Tennessee, is here for the purpose of enlightenment on local, national and world events. Reasoned discussion and inciteful analysis are a must in any healthy and functional democracy. The principals that our nation was founded on must be nurtured, not compromised. Everything I post is done so with those ideals, and the goal to further those ideals, in the forefront of my mind. I am a Republican, and proudly so. I make no apologies. I am for freedom, for liberty, and for the expansion of the free market to every corner of the globe. These principals are the secular salvation of mankind.

 Just watching Fox News, and it appears Italy is on board any military action against Iraq. Germany and France can go play amongst themselves (though, historically, they don't really do that well...). Oh, and I promise I won't be so long between posts in the future...

 Here I am....after having spent a little too much time doing a little too much work I ended up taking a 2 1/2 hour nap today. I woke up at 8pm....meaning, I have no desire to sleep right now, and probably will not for awhile. That just means more posts, which is nothing but an improvement the way my posting frequency has fallen in the last week. I can hardly believe Hussein is going to . urlLink get 6 more weeks . Perhaps there is some value to getting the Franco-German alliance on board, but I can't see it. These two former great powers are wrestling with a great psychological disorder, and pandering to it is not productive. I do, however, completely see where Blair is coming from. He is truly sticking out his and Labors' collective political necks over Iraq. It appears he's not nearly as Clintonian as I previously thought.

 It appears the rewriting of history to besmeach Reagan urlLink has already begun. The author is disingenuous at best. His contention is that Reagan was no conservative, as the federal government expanded on his watch. Of course the federal government still expanded on his watch...he became president when there were only 165 (approximately) Republicans in the House of Representatives! Democrats like to spend money...it's an established and proven fact, close in its indisputable truth to the law of gravity. Perhaps an argument could be made that Reagan should have pushed harder, effectively shutting down the federal government, but that would have also thwarted his goal of increasing defense spending to push back the expansion of the Soviet Empire. The article is written as if Ronald Reagan were not president, but dictator. Politics is a vocation of compromise. Unfortunately, that means many good ideas are watered down. The alternative is worse. Additionally, the attack that Reagan "went soft" on the Soviets is ill conceived. Once the Soviet Union was forced to bargain from a position of weakness, Reagan was willing to bargain. Remember Reykjavik - he left at the suggestion that SDI be abandoned. He got up, and left. I don't think this is an action of someone "soft" on the Soviets. And that was in 1986, when the author claims such softness was rampant. Remedial history? Not at all. Misinformation? Absolutely.

 Looks like my senator and the new Senate majority leader is doing a good job. It appears urlLink he gets an "F" from Planned Parenthood. That's an "A" in my book.

 France is a favorite topic of mine. No country has quite had the immense swings in importance and mood as have the French. Since the Gauls fell to the conquests of Caesar the region's history has been one maddening roller coaster ride, peaking, I suppose, with the rise of Napoleon. That was nearly two hundred years ago. urlLink Nowadays things are different. Apparently, the French can't even tame the Ivory Coast. Now comes the obvious question. If the French can't keep the peace in the Ivory Coast, a small nation on the west African coast, and former colony...well, it's obvious what this leads to. What is their opinion on the current international climate worth? Iraq isn't China, but it's certainly more than the Ivory Coast. Why should we heed the advice of a country that, for lack of a desire to find a nicer way to put it, is a complete failure in its international relations? France, as it is situated, has no useful role to play in the world. It is an annoyance, and should be treated as such. The policies of the government are inexcusable and dangerous to the world. You want to influence events, you want to make the world a better place? Get off your hands and build a military, dismantle that monstrosity called a welfare state, and step up to the plate. Until you earn being listened to you, I hope the leaders of our country ignore you and treat you for what you are - an international has-been and an apologist for ruthless dictators.

 More to come...

 I must believe urlLink this to be one of the most disjointed articles I have ever read. Of course, Maureen Dowd is not someone I often agree with, but my main beefs with her this time are almost soley organizational. There is an overtone of a theme, however, and that appears to be that no matter what, Bush is wrong. Bush could have proposed minimum welfare benefits of $100,000.00 per year last night, claimed that we have been wrong all along, and should cede Alaska to Iraq for its trouble, and have resigned on the condition that Al Gore be instated as president, and Dowd would not have been happy, claiming with her unparalleled automation something about how the oil companies made him do it. Sheesh, you hate to do it, but I guess some people are better written off. Working for the New York Times seems to be like working for the INS - no matter how incompetent you are, and no matter how much you get worse, you're never relieved of your duties.

 The speech was magnificent. Not quite as good as the 9/20 speech, but then again, not much could be. My take is that Bush has neutralized the Democrats on the domestic front, and has raised the curtain on our intelligence on Iraq's capabilities, revealing the tip of a WMD iceberg. Powell will drain the tank to show how big that iceberg is on 2/5. Bush was very impassioned, throughout the speech, but especially regarding the War. He is a war time president, and thankfully, knows it. I don't mean to dwell, but I'm not sure his predecessor could convey what Bush conveyed tonight. The speech was little on style, as far as soaring oratory goes, and large on substance. Of course, I would argue that Bush has a style, and that style is plain communication. It's not Clinton, where it sounds good but you can't remember a thing he said once it's over, and it's not Reagan, where you believed him because he communicated effectively with large ideas, but instead it's simpler. Bush has a delivery that is no-nonsense, and straightforward. And it's effective because you know he is in fact honest. Clinton had to spice it up, and appear more glib, precisely because he was fighting an assumption he had created that he was not to be trusted. Reagan was simply well-trained in communicative skills. His delivery was professional and he had ideas to convey. The domestic part of the address was needed, and well done. I am glad he stuck with conservative themes regarding the budget and taxes. The AIDS initiative was surprising. I didn't expect it, but it is in our interest. Africa at some time or another must join the world in this century, and that plague of a disease makes doing so extraordinarily difficult. Democracy can grow everywhere, but cannot take root when death is more of a certainty than order. In many places in Africa, that is the case, both from conflict and disease. We can address the latter more efficiently at present than the former, and I agree we ought to do so. If Japan, which is basically an island of rock, with minimal natural resources, can become a first rate world economy, there's no reason most of Africa cannot do the same given a good chance.

 Israeli voters seem on the verge of confirming the Likud line on national defense. This is a good thing for Israel, a good thing for the broader War, and actually, will end up being a good thing for the Palestineans. Only when the terrorist culture is completely purged will the Palestineans be able to live in peace with Israel.

 OK...if the UN isn't already a joke to you, urlLink this ought to push you over the top.

 Today is the day to ponder the content and style of the State of the Union, slated for delivery tomorrow night. Especially in light of the delivery of Hans Blix's report today. Actually, I doubt very much that the report affected Bush's speech at all. Bush does not need the UN to tell him something that our intelligence already knows. What he's waiting for I don't know. Perhaps it is a sufficient military build-up (a la the Powell Doctrine, or, more accurately, the Eisenhower Doctrine). I certainly hope he's not waiting on France and Germany. But anyway, back to the speech itself. Bush needs to convey three things tomorrow night: first, he must establish indisputable resolve regarding Iraq, second, he must convey a sense of urgency to the War on Terror and Iraq in particular, and third, he must make an impassioned case for his tax cuts. Actually, I think he ought to lead with the tax cuts. Not because it's more important, but because by demonstrating he is aware of domestic issues, he neutralizes the Democrats attacks on the domestic front. Above all, he must show leadership. Leadership is what all people want, and specifically what the American electorate looks for in a president. Bush has the bully pulpit of bully pulpits tomorrow night to show he has a vision, understands the situation, and intends to act. Polls showed in the 1980s that though Americans may not have always agreed with Reagan, they trusted him, and respected his convictions. Consequently, he enjoyed one of the most lopsided reelection victories in history. Bush knows this. He knows he must emulate Reagan, not his father. This knowledge, and his obvious political acumen, will ensure a great speech tomorrow night.

 I guess I lied about posting more frequently. So it goes...I actually had what I thought was a rather good post earlier, but my computer decided to blink out on me right before I published it. I perused a variety of news sources on the web this morning and noticed a plethora of anti-war pieces. The usual suspects were present: the Washington Post, MSNBC.com, etc. What was most appalling was the apparent lack of fact checking. Apparently, France and Germany alone make up "most of Europe," to quote a paraphrase. Authors and editors alike appear to be unaware of Spain, Italy, the UK, the Czech Republic, Poland, and Hungary. It's no surprise that many of the countries who have committed to assisting the United States with Iraq are from Eastern Europe. The memories of dictatorial regimes are fresh in the collective Eastern European conscience, and their foreign policies reflect it. Surprisingly, France and Germany have a much shorter memory. My theory regarding the Franco-German alliance is as follows. France and Germany are simply resentful of their self-imposed irrelevance. Neither country can defend itself, much less assist in a war in the Middle East. Being impotent on the international stage is hard for two counties who have spent a good portion of their history influencing world events, often times at the tip of the sword. The proud fall hard, and what we are seeing is two former world powers operating on the fringes of world events. They do not want to follow the United States, which is why their rhetoric is so vitrolic toward the US. However, they are unable to lead on their own, though they claim to be staking out the high moral ground. War is certainly a horrible thing - but we must not forget the death of thousands, or millions, at the hands of a smuggled WMD, is worse. That is what we are facing with Iraq, and after Iraq, North Korea. I must make it clear I am no advocate of war for the sake of war. No one is that insane. However, avoiding a short term unpleasantry without looking at the long term picture is foolish. This is precisely what the Old Europe contingent is doing (courtesies of course to Sec. Rumsfeld). And they do it at the eventual expense of their own people, which is contemptible.

 It appears there's more seriousness to the Korean Krisis than previously thought. urlLink A carrier group and long range bomber support is nothing to sneeze at. Four are being sent to the Persian Gulf, and for Iraq, that is likely overkill. Bush isn't going to back down with North Korea, methinks.

 Anyone else find this ironic? A German national stabs an American national in resolving a debate over Iraq, with a urlLink Swiss Army Knife.

 Vietnam is such urlLink a nice place ...nothing like the fruits of communist exploitation to make one feel all warm and fuzzy inside. Of course, that's what you would think, since, naturally, you get to leave. While you're at it why don't you take a trip to Cuba - I've heard the cigars are killer and the weather is great. See you in C-U-B-A! Say hello to Uncle Fidel for me...(dripping with sarcasm yet..?)

 I absolutely love Eastern Europeans. This urlLink link from NRO is great. They know better - I have no idea why those opposing this stage in the greater War on Terror do not seek counsel from those who have lived close and in person through not only the Cold War, but also World War II. I suppose it's an ignorance of history, or more accurately, a thorough knowledge of revisionist history. The gentleman quoted is right - you can't negotiate with madmen. You can only negotiate with democracies - henceforth, let's make all dictatorships democracies, one cockroach at a time...

 I had no idea so many people could urlLink speak Welsh ! I thought it was in the 2% range, but I suppose that could be for the whole UK, not Wales proper. Ah well, you learn new things everyday...

 At least urlLink here we have a protester who truly understands that protests are impotent when affecting world events. The comments at the bottom of the article are interesting, though I wouldn't go so far as say they are enlightening. Complaints about the Left being silenced here are bogus. Just because no one is listening to you does not mean you are silenced. The nuts who preach from street corners in New York are not silenced - they are just ignored. The same goes for those opposing war because it is "bad," or who advocate that we should bomb Texas because it has oil, or those who have concocted assinine conspiracy theories about the Trilateral Commission joining with the Illuminati to control the world, with Bush as the frontman. Believe me, a true proponent of freedom, liberty and capitalism for all peoples of the world - we hear you, it's just that we have chosen not to listen because you have nothing of value to say.

 It appears that Hussein has taken a urlLink page out of the Russian war handbook. A scorched earth policy would make rebuilding Iraq much more difficult. We would have to create some sort of Marshall Plan for the country once the war is over to avoid unnecessary backlash and have any hope of maintaining a true ally in the region.

 Here's a letter I submitted to the The Tennessean today: To the Editor: I began reflecting a little after reading reports and watching coverage of the worldwide war protests this weekend. I do believe that the protesters in each European capital this weekend outnumber each respective country's military personnel. Doubly, this also tells you something about the priorities of many of Europe's denizens. It reminds me of an old joke, of which many variations exist, where someone works harder in an effort to avoid work than they would if they actually just worked. If the same numbers of people protesting this weekend actually funneled their energies in a constructive direction, there wouldn't be a despot on the planet who was safe. As it is, despots cheer, and the empty slogans march triumphantly, pointlessly in an unwilling charade supporting the worst mankind has to offer. And they offer no better way, nor appear to realize they are obligated to offer an alternative, if they are to protest with any credibility, which is sad. To turn about a oft seen slogan, surrender is never the solution. The children of Europe play amongst themselves in a dangerously delusional fantasy land. It is sometimes forgotten that we broke away from them. We are from Europe, but we have long ago ceased to be of Europe. This is an important distinction to be made and remembered. History has proven, repeatedly, that we in the United States tend to know better. Europe, repeatedly, has shown itself to be the opposite, and ultimately ends up relying on us when situations deteriorate, from World War I and II, to the Cold War, to the Balkans. Once again, we know better. Freedom and security is preserved by the visionary and the brave, not the hesitant and the weak. For over two hundred years, the United States has been the former. With all respect due Margaret Thatcher, this is no time to go wobbly. Nathan Moore Nathan@moorestore.biz

 This is an urlLink interesting paradox ...I do believe that the protesters in each European capital this weekend outnumber each respective country's military personnel. Talk about a recipe for civil disorder! Doubly, this also tells you something about the priorities of many of Europe's denizens. It reminds me of an old joke, of which many variations exist, where someone works harder in an effort to avoid work than they would if they actually just worked. If the same numbers of people protesting this weekend actually funneled their energies in a constructive direction, there wouldn't be a despot on the planet who was safe. As it is, the despots cheer, and the empty slogans march triumphantly, pointlessly in an unwilling charade supporting the worst mankind has to offer. And they offer no better way, nor appear to realize they are obligated to if they are to protest, which is sad.

 And the Dems do urlLink this at their own peril...

 And urlLink THIS is classic. Somehow this protester hasn't changed my mind about the necessity of the liberation of Iraq, as well as the rest of the Middle East. But then again, when has a protester changed anyone's mind? Everyone has the right to freedom of speech. They can speak all day long, and some do. But quantity does not make quality, a maxim that is gaining more credence the more we see these protesters take to the streets. Slogans are not policy, and what these people allege to be protesting against is policy. At least give us something to talk about...at least a reasonable chance to debate some comprehensible argument...but if the most you can muster at a protest is a few tens of thousands in a nation of 280 million+ (citing the last protests in DC, NYC and SF) you are wasting your time. They'd be more effective not protesting at all.

 Well, if urlLink Vladimir Zhirinovsky is against the war ...we in America do not always appreciate how lucky we are that this man did not come to power in the decade after the fall of the USSR...

 OK, here is something that looks a little like Iraq's urlLink official website . If you want to harass a dictator's propaganda machine shoot an email to the owner of the domain, Osama Khalid at ama_72@yahoo.com.

 I too am quite disappointed with the current conduct of select diplomats and nations in the UN. However, I think the situation is not as bleak as urlLink Mike Silverman makes it out to be. True, "Old Europe" and those other countries who want to maintain a ready supply of cheese and w(h)ine are avoiding the lessons of history like the black death. And again, as history repeats itself, it is Britain who stands ready to defend a continent she has had a long but strained relationship with. But the positive common factor between the days of Nazi appeasement and today is that the United States stands ready to bail Old Europe out of their collective shortsightedness. I believe in Bush's resolve. His core values are deeply rooted, and unlike his predecessor, takes the presidency seriously. He will not allow the United States to risk its very existence as the preeminent world power and mankind's last, best hope, to placate a handful of cowardly diplomats from second-rate countries seeking to enjoin the United States from acting for no other reason than to remedy their own bitterness at a pathetic and self-inflicted irrelevance. Perhaps we ought to form a new international organization. The permanent members would include the United States, the UK, Israel, Australia and the former Eastern Bloc, none with veto power but the first four. Membership in the organization past the permanent members will be based on each country's adherence to and history of supporting democratic principles. I advocate the formation of an organization for the good countries of the world. The organization will act both as a political force and a free trade zone. Only those countries that are ruled by their citizens will be welcomed into the fold. Those who apologize for dictators who happen to occupy their former colonial lands will not be tolerated. Thugocracies will not be tolerated (Iraq, Iran, Syria, Egypt, China, North Korea, Venezuela, Libya, Cuba, etc.). Expulsion will be by a 2/3 vote. I know my visionary and new UN will never exist. It's a nice thought, though. However, a NAFTA that includes the UK is not an improbable possibility...

 This is a urlLink fair point ...online polls are notoriously unreliable. They are as scientific as choosing what sports team you're going to root for based on your favorite animal. However, I must take contention with Mr. Volokh on one not being able to pick just one right out of the poll that would be most important to freedom and democracy. Despite the unscientific nature of the poll, I believe its results are correct. The 2nd Amendment was not inserted in the federal Constitution to ensure hunting rights, but to ensure the people the right to rebel against an oppressive government. Assumedly, once one possesses the ability to rebel against an oppressive government, the other rights would fall into place in a sort of libertarian way. Interestingly, the Tennessee Constitution explicitly places more emphasis on the right to bear arms than the 2nd Amendment in its Declaration of Rights, going so far as authorizing the possession of military arms in case the People must rebel. Of course, nowadays, neither I nor my Southern brethren would stand a chance with our hunting rifles and the like against a tyrant government commanding the power of a modern military, so this point is useful in theory only. With the noise activists on the Left are making, you'd think we'd need to rearm with military wares, seeing as John Ashcroft and his thugs have already knocked my door down three times this week and Tom Ridge won't stop tapping my phone lines. Oh, wait, those people are the same ones who favor gun control / confiscation...so I guess if we really did have an oppresive government they would stand up and, well, protest some more?

 The sheriff of Milwaukee is truly a urlLink man to be admired . Everyone is familiar with RINOs, but he appears to be a bona fide DINO (Democrat In Name Only). Calling out the race-baiting left is something everyone should be willing to do, and appears to be a strategy the national GOP leadership is becoming comfortable with. Orrin Hatch's vociferous denunciation of the Democratic filibuster over the Miguel Estrada nomination was amazing to watch on Wednesday night (I do spend my nonstudying time watching C-Span 2 - go ahead, laugh). It's about time. I'm sick of being labeled as a racist because of simply having common expectations for all people, regardless of race. The true proponents of equality before the law are not in the black leadership today. They certainly are not in the Democratic Party. There is not one heir to Martin Luther King, Jr.'s legacy today among the left-anchored so-called black leadership, from Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson to the Congressional Black Caucus. The true proponents of freedom, and judging those by the content of their character, are Republicans. The Party of Lincoln daily fights for the timeless truths stated by the Founding Fathers. Equal Protection, the First Amendment, Due Process....not a one a real concern of the Left (unless, of course, you agree with them). When was the last time a conservative yelled they were being censored simply because they were being disagreed with? Or that equal protection demanded any sort of preferential treatment? The leadership of the Democrats today fights only for retention of power, the Constitution be damned. It is a sad state of affairs for a party with many distinguished statesmen in their history.

 And sometimes the editorial page is just TOO funny. The link below will get you there. The "pied piper" is one the greatest leaders of all time? The pro coyote lobby speaks up... of course , you can't blame the coyote if he takes your small child away for dinner...geeze...

 Well, it looks as though I got an urlLink editorial published in The Tennessean today. I guess I'm averaging about one a week nowadays. Not so bad, though they never pick any of the better ones in my opinion....The one I submitted mocking the article by Dwight Lewis asserting that Nashville was on the verge of resegregation was quite good.

 OK...now I know why those "human shields" are descending on Iraq. It's not about the war, it's about urlLink tourism . The "cradle of civilizations" indeed...

 Here's a urlLink link on the Gatwick grenade.

 It turns out that Venezuelan actually had carried the grenade with him on the plane ! That makes you feel secure..

 Is urlLink this a promotion or demotion for Tommy Franks?

 Sometimes a cause comes around you can't just help from rallying around...Carol Moseley-Braun has urlLink formed an exploratory committee to run for president. This woman lost her last statewide race - what makes her think she can win a nationwide race? I daresay delusion is a much more prevalent quality in those who put a "D" after their name than the more well-grounded "R"'s. In addition, her politics are way outside the mainstream. I like it thought - let's divvy up that Democratic base the best we can...

 If anyone has any bitter political axes to grind it would be John McCain. Unlike Dashcle and Co. McCain at least has the good sense to know when the events around him are larger than politics. He's on right now decrying the assertion that containment would now work with Iraq.

 Just now on Fox News a nut enroute from Venezuela was subdued at Gatwick Airport, the lesser known of the London area airports, with a live hand grenade. And then there is the closing of the Battery Tunnel. Geeze, talk about clogging up the wheels of commerce...

 Would urlLink this not be the coolest job? I'm stoked about the chance for being selected as an Air Force JAG. I had my interview last week, and won't know until the first of March, but I'm feeling pretty good about it. I just wish I had tuned in to it sooner and actually started in law school. It appears that almost all new JAGs are getting deployed upon conclusion of JSAC, the 9 week JAG training and orientation course in Montgomery, AL. I know I wouldn't be near any front lines, but I'm eager to do my part, and this seems like a good place to start.

 urlLink Old news is old news . So Mr. Blix is to report yet again that Hussein is violating the will of the U.N. In court the judge would have stopped the prosecution from piling on the evidence. Saddam Hussein is a bona fide liar, mass murderer, and Stalinist tyrant. He has made his own case for his demise. I trust Bush, but I am not sure what we are now waiting for. Germany and France can either come around or not, the world doesn't really need them. An alliance is set. Between us, the Brits, and the Aussies, not to mention all of Eastern Europe and most of the former Soviet republics (save, of course Russia itself), there is little chance this war will last as long as the 1991 intervention. Additionally, there is no longer any water in the "rush to war" argument, so frequently set forth as gospel by Reuters and the New York Times. If we were rushing any slower Hussein will most likely die from rheumatoid arthritis rather than US intervention.

 Let's hope he tries urlLink this . It seems to this point we've been pretty good at stopping bad things from happening. We meaning the West. It would be a marvelous ending to a dispicable life if we were to intercept Bid Laden on his way to perishing in the "belly of the eagle." We may even do the guy a slight favor and help him perish earlier, say, in the gullet...

 Well then...I almost wait ten days to post...actually, I have waited ten days to post. There's no way I'm going to get serious about this blogging thing while studying for the bar. Besides, it's supposed to be a hobby, right? It shouldn't, by definition, be too serious...

 This urlLink link is a couple days old, but it is, by far, the best illustration of the quality of our men and women in uniform I have heard yet. I just wish more of the kids my wife teaches in high school would have half this character. Wow.

 This urlLink article by John Fund from OpinionJournal.com compliments my argument a couple days ago about the downsides of diversity. It truly is a zero sum game - if pursued as a policy, more diversity equals less qualification. If diversity occurs by accident, not design, so be it. But diversity by design necessarily waters down academic requirements. The only time this is not the case is when there are two prospective students, both equally qualified from different races. The fair resolution of this type of quandry would still be random selection. The difference between proponents and opponents of affirmative action lie in the results desired. For example, the fact that one student is black, and lower to middle class, and the other is white, and lower to middle class, if both are equally academically qualified, should make the decision between the two fungible. Proponents of affirmative action tip the scale. Opponents say flip a coin. It's better to take the fair route, in my opinion, than to give value to a fundamentally flawed standard. The only kind of diversity that should matter in an academic setting is viewpoint diversity, as this is requires an emphasis on thought and choice, instead of uncontrollable outward characteristics. But one doesn't see institutions of higher learning scouring student applications for membership in the Federalist Society, or the ACLU, or to see whether or not the person worked on a political campaign. Our system of higher education as it now stands isn't looking forward - it appears to be looking sideways. I would think that those serious about the quest for truth would want the most qualified and best trained individuals marching forward with them, regardless of race. The unfortunate but correct conclusion seems to be that there are few academics out there serious about their quest.

 It's an easy prediction, but I'm going to make it anyway. The moment there is confirmation that Saddam Hussein is dead, or else gone from Iraq, we will no longer see isolated comments and interviews from freed Iraqis, speaking well of democracy urlLink "Whiskey. And sexy" , but with bated breath - we will instead see a grateful people rise up to thank us, and Britain, for ending one of the most oppresive regimes in the history of man. What we do with that gratitude is important. Iraqi self-rule, in my mind, goes without saying. The occupations of Germany and Japan after World War II were four and seven years, respectively. Neither country had a history of democratic traditions. The Weimar Republic was a complete failure, primarily because of the oppressive terms of the Treaty of Versaille. Japan, on the other hand, was starting from zero. History has proven that democracy can exist in nations previously lacking what many consider the necessary experience. Japan was certainly a much harder case than Iraq will be. The Japanese culture was and is still very collectivist in its thinking. Shintoism, the source of the emperor worship that largely led to the bloodiest and most intense fighting of the Pacific Theater, had to be outlawed by our occupying forces to make way for the secular and democratic state of Japan that now exists. Essentially, the occupying forces had to dismember a personality cult and forbid a religion, while at the same time educating a populace about the operations of democracy who was completely unfamiliar with the theories of individual rights inherent in, and necessary for, democratic functions. The job in Iraq is much easier. The personality cult is not followed voluntarily by the population, but is instead imposed by a despised dictator. Already the people are in a mindset conducive to governmental change. At this point, any form of government that may take shape in postwar Iraq is preferable to the regime that now exists under Saddam and his sons. There is no sociological collectivism to break down, and no religion in need of destruction. The Islamists currently inhabiting the northern part of Iraq are at this time being picked off and destroyed by the 173rd and allied Kurdish forces. That leaves Sunnis, Shiites and Christians remaining in the population, none of which appear to have terrorist tendencies. The Kurds in the north tend to be Sunnis, a sect of Islam that is among the most liberal in the Middle East. In postwar Iraq, the Kurdish element will be vital to a properly functioning Iraqi democracy. It is to the benefit of the civilized world to maintain the territorial integrity of modern Iraq. Talks of a separate state of Kurdistan would be disasterous on two levels. First, the existence of an independent Kurdish state would do much to destabalize eastern Turkey. Turkey already has a moderate problem with Kurdish terrorism within its borders. Reinforcing the militant Kurds in Turkey with an ethnically familiar state next door would simply add to those problems. Second, the Kurds would be an important moderating factor in a national Iraqi government. This is not to say the Shiites will start terrorist camps without a Kurdish counterbalance in national Iraqi politics, but such an influence would definitely be useful in deterring Islamist factions in Saudi Arabia from causing trouble in southern Iraq, where the Shiites may not strongly oppose their presence. Third, a wholly maintained Iraqi state would tie together the two problems mentioned above. If the Kurds in northern Iraq are focused on their own country they will be less likely to direct their attentions to the rebellious Kurdish contingent in eastern Turkey. Some resources will be expended to assist their brethren in Turkey, but not nearly as much as would be the case if an independent state of Kurdistan was formed. Because of these ethnic considerations, a separate state of Kurdistan would be less motivated to interact and keep tabs on the separate Iraqi state to the south. Additionally, geopolitics and internal stability would be more complicated for the Kurds if a separate Kurdistan was formed. The oil produced by Iraq leaves Iraq by the Persian Gulf. If Iraq was divided into two states, the Kurds would have to negotiate pipeline rights to get their oil reserves out of the country. This sounds like a small consideration, but would lead to massive amounts of economic waste and security concerns for a newly formed state. Relying on Turkey is a nonstarter, and putting trust in Syria is inadvisable. This is not to say neither could be done, but it puts the Kurds in a precarious position regarding their chief economic asset. Defense costs to secure it would cut heavily into what ever profits could be realized. The form of the democracy is another question for another day. I've been taking notes, and will hopefully have something up in another day or two on the subject.

 Sarah Moore Running for Nashville City Council My lovely wife is running for City Council in Nashville. More info will be posted as it becomes available. So far, we've had a lot of people come out and offer their support, which is great, as the election is in August. I think it's exciting, and know she'd make a huge difference on the council. If you have any doubts, just tune in to Channel 3 on the local Comcast cable...geeze.

 My alma mater, which used to be a relatively conservative bastion in the midst of a generally liberal academia, urlLink continues to drift wholly left . Strict scrutiny is quite the heavy standard to be deemed satisfied. First, diversity in higher education must be deemed a compelling government interest. I believe the argument ought to end there. SCOTUS will likely find diversity to be a compelling interest, however. The meat of the decision will likely fall into the means of achieving racial diversity. The degrees of grey are many. And as this article correctly states, the means will likely be debated intensely in the Court. However, allowing the Michigan way of doing things to continue is horrible. Let race be a factor, sure, but not at the expense of academic qualification. Perhaps admission floors should be set, where no individual, regardless of their melanin content, would be admitted. The argument made by Dean Syverud at Vanderbilt Law School has some merit, but unqualified minorities by definition are unlikely to offer worthwhile opinions in an academic setting. I don't care what your race is, you ought not be in law school if you had an LSAT score of 140 (to make an absurd point). But in its entirety, I believe the Dean is more wrong than right. Law school does not exist to provide sensitivity training to handle minority clients. Law school exists to train one to think logically, to think creatively, and ultimately, to think like a lawyer. And as many attorneys who have been in the craft for a long time have told me, that process does not end after three years of law school. The foundation is simply laid in the first three years, while the building process ought to continue to the end. So while arguments are being made to validate the Michigan method, the real question to ask is whether the Michigan policy advances the purposes of a legal education. That debate is obviously sidetracked by the constitutional considerations, but even if SCOTUS finds for Michigan in some way, the question as to whether the method is intelligent has not been answered. Just because something is deemed permissible does not make it advisable, to borrow a trite but accurate phrase. So far, no arguments have convinced me that race is a valued substitute for intelligence. Law school is an interactive learning process, and regardless of race, my education was not enhanced by people speaking in class who had no grasp on the topic at hand. If there is a problem with listening skills, as Dean Syverud noted in the article with students at VUSL, perhaps there are other ways to address that. The ultimate conclusion, as all roads in this argument lead to, is that only qualified individuals ought to be admitted to institutions of higher education.

 Only in Maury County here in Tennessee would urlLink mules be the central focus in a fundraiser. It's for a good cause, King's Daughters School, which assists children who have development disabilities. FYI, for those who don't know, Columbia, the county seat of Maury County, which is two counties south of Nashville, holds an annual Mule Day celebration. Mules are a way of life there. Y'all should check it out sometime (actually, it is a lot of fun!).

 Just now on FNC - confirmation of the banned Al Samoud II missiles. The report was leaked earlier, but apparently Centcom now confirms it. Quick question - name the real weapons' inspectors from the following list: a) Hans Blix, b) US Marines, c) French. Tune in later for the results. The winner gets a prize.

 Good news is coming in from the front. It appears that one, if not two, Republican Guard divisions urlLink have been destroyed . If the term destroyed as used by Gen. Vincent Brooks is similar to that used in parlance by we civilians, that's a great thing. In a matter of days, the crack troops of the Hussein regime have either surrendered, fled in disarray or been blown to bits. This proves exactly what's wrong with arm-chair generals and partisan fools (I use the term "fools" to classify those who would say the sky is red just because a member of the opposite party said it was blue). The war is clearly going well. I am no grand military strategist, and the knowledge of military strategy I do have comes from history classes where the professor gleans over the strategy part of conflict, leaving one to interpret the diagrams of troop movements on one's own, but everyone should understand that no force can achieve victory in modern war if it does not possess comparable air power to its opponent. No matter how hardened the now-destroyed Baghdad and Medina divisions were, they were destined for defeat. Without air cover, these divisions were at our mercy from above. No doubt the B-52s simply pounded them into oblivion. Why the arm-chair generals and other naysayers could not see something this simple is mind-boggling. The worst part is that these people get paid to be on national TV and be wrong. I suppose it goes back to the widespread and irresistable Vietnam comparison. I reiterate, and cannot stress strongly enough that this is NOT Vietnam. Vietnam has minimal comparative value to any war we will fight in the future. To think any administration, and any pentagon, would allow itself to pursue a defensive war, saddled with absolutely silly rules of engagement, is insulting, whether it be a Democrat or Republican. This war is about victory - if Iran or Syria continue to supply the Iraqi regime, I have no doubt there will be massive explosions heard on the other side of each respective border, with no apologies. Syria is no Cambodia. We will not be afraid to send in troops and let the world know it if it becomes necessary. As the elite Iraqi troops fold, I keep my fingers crossed. No war is easy, but we know we haven't gotten to the hardest part of this one yet. Our servicemen and women are now in the red zone, within chemical and biological weapons range. If Saddam (contingent, of course, on him being alive, seeing as he misses his own speeches nowadays) orders the use of WMDs, Allah help all who fight for him.

 There has been much posted in the blogosphere having to do with inapt comparisons of the current liberation of Iraq with our experience in Vietnam. The general consensus, and I believe it to be an accurate one, is that as far as wars go, this one has more in common with World War I and II than Vietnam or Korea. The scale is obviously smaller, and our enemy is conventionally outgunned, and if need be, outmanned, but the concept and goals are similar. We are embarking on a war of liberation, with the assistance of our most steadfast ally, against an enemy with expansionist aims who repeatedly vocalizes ill will against the civilized world. The ruthlessness of our enemy is unparalleled. Saddam Hussein is of the same mold as that of Josef Stalin and Adolf Hitler. We can only be thankful his resources are fewer and his military acumen less developed. His brutality towards his own people is unlimited. He practices extermination based on both race and dissent. He rules through fear, and enforces his will through a combination of threats and brainwashing. The Fedayeen are the Stasi of his regime, spying on all and showing mercy for none. He blows up markets and kills his own for the benefit of public relations. His regime is based on lies, and his hold on power balances on the tip of the bayonet. He likely kills more of his own each year than we will, by accident, in this war. Tell me again what is unjust about our intervention in Iraq? The answer is painstakingly simple for those on the Left who like to complicate things - there is nothing unjust about what we are now doing. We should have done it sooner, and there are other countries where we ought to do it in the future.

 I like Geraldo Rivera. I know many who don't, but that rumor about him being "disembedded" has done nothing but raise his profile and stature as a journalist. Everyone knows that the first rule of verbal combat is never to address the opposition directly - it's important to maintain some sort of dehumanization lest you give credence to your opponent's views. If it is truly the "rats" at MSNBC who started this rumor, I am in a chronic state of scratching my head to figure out why. Surely such a lie would be easily found out. Point proven - no sooner had I read that the pentagon had issued Private Rivera a one-way pass back to Kuwait City, I glance over at Fox News and there he is! In addition to Peter "Baghdad Rose" Arnett, the brains behind that rumor ought to be fired. And urlLink Reuters ought to do a better job of confirming their facts.

 Just to add to the last post - running a well thought out and intelligent blog is hard . Glenn Reynold, Eugene Volokh, etc. are masters of the craft. It's very time consuming, and once you have a regular audience, it becomes ever the more imperative to maintain a high standard of content and timely posts. I'm not quite to that point, though I do think it would be fun.

 I suppose I ought to be more regular in my posting. I was just informed that my blog was added to a list of local DC bloggers. Fair enough - I've since moved out of the area, but I'll take the plug - and run with it. For those who care, I lived in Northern Virginia for three years, bouncing back and forth between Courthouse in north Arlington and Crystal City in the south. I enjoyed it, but am glad to be back in my native Tennessee. The real world has a nice flavor once you've been a Washingtonian for a little while. For me, it didn't take all that long. Don't get me wrong - Washington is a great place to visit, and I love to go back every now and again, but between the traffic on the Beltway and the pervasive smell of ego in the air, I prefer more humble surroundings...

 The current events in Iraq keep me in a perpetually good mood. Just watching FNC, appears Janeanne Garafallo (sp) promised to go to the White House, with a dozen roses, and apologize to Bush if the war goes well. I have two words for that...fat chance.

 It appears that the victorious biumvirate will be taking Iraqi TV to a urlLink new level . Who woulda thunk it? I guess this now lends some credence to Peter "Baghdad Rose" Arnett's contention that Iraqi TV is an alternate media outlet....who thinks he will make a second appearance? Hmm...no.

 Abdul Majid al-Khoei Assassinated What does urlLink this mean for construction of the postwar Iraqi republic? There's already enough tension between the Shiites and Sunnis to begin with - what does this do to further destabilize the Shiite faction? More details are needed - all we know is that he was assassinated by "treacherous hands."

 Kim Jong Il is apparently getting urlLink congratulatory letters from himself. You gotta check out the North Korean official news site from time to time. It would be funny if it weren't for the fact that it's a tool of such a repressive and megalomanical regime.

 The Post just HAD to urlLink search long and hard for the few Iraqis who think we're there to occupy...if we wanted oil, we would have kept Kuwait and invaded Saudi Arabia..

 Fawzi Al-Shamari is on FNC right now....apparently a once possible successor of Saddam, but now advocating a free state. He sounds good....

 Just was watching a replay of the live toppling of the Saddam statute on FNC...the term used..the "evil republic"...there's a reason I like Fox, and this kind of thing is it.

 And urlLink this provides us with a much-pressing question...is the Syrian leadership stupid? Are they not witnessing what is now happening in Iraq? We are lighting up their eastern horizon with MOABs, daisy cutters, and Tomahawks for fun, and they're sitting there, eating a box of chocolates. Perhaps they are stunned. If we completely obliterated the Iraqi miliary in three weeks, how long do they think they would last? It appears they must still be working under the Mogadishu philosophy. Someone ought to tell them Clinton is no longer president....but that would imply an understanding of elections, so that might not work....

 Of course they don't...

 Attempting to play the urlLink humanitarian card to get some postwar action in Iraq. Have the French no shame?

 This kind of thing urlLink irritates me . I know Robert Fisk is the Old Faithful of anti-American polemicists, but please....can you not get it just a little more? When it comes to anti-Americanism my usual reaction is one of pity. For the most part, the people who chant and parrot anti-American slogans are simply ignorant. It is pitiful that they can look out their window, get on the bus, go to dinner, and turn on the television and still not understand they live in history's greatest beacon of freedom. Worse, if they actually took the time to read the most basic summary of the last two hundred years the righteousness of our nation becomes indisputable. Despite having the greatest opportunity in history on two separate occasions in the last sixty years, we chose not to occupy, but to rebuild. Other smaller events, such as our actions in Yugoslavia and Kuwait, also show our hesitancy, and at some level, ideological inability, to permanently occupy any country. We love freedom, and oddly enough, tend to also rebuild the societies of those who had attempted to dominate us. If we were truly imperialistic, who could stand up to our might? Why would we choose Iraq? Could France defend herself from us? Could South Korea? Could Saudi Arabia? Of course not. But that's the unfortunate truth. My biggest problem with the Left today, and specifically those who are anti-American in their tendencies, is that they have no regard for the facts. Facts are an inconvenience. Arguments are based on the wind, essentially, expressing contempt for any suggestion of absolutes and therefore having the luxury of never being wrong. The unfortunate addendum to this is that those who should be ignoring them instead celebrate them. The media outlets of our country and others (to include the BBC and al Jazeera) foment ignorance on a mass scale. I certainly will admit their are moments in our past that are less than proud, but they are DWARFED by those times in history that by any objective account are admirable and that should be celebrated. Our most bloody conflict came in the process of ending the enslavement of another race. What other nation can claim such a history? We are not a racist nation. We are not an empire-building nation. All those under the power of the United States government choose to be there. We are made of 50 formerly independent states, and a handful of territories. Iraq will not remain in our control any longer than it takes to set up a democratic government. The Iraqis don't seem to mind our presence. They walk past our tanks without fear, and kiss our soldiers like old friends. I ask Robert Fisk, and others like him, why? Why do you oppose such a force for good? What is in it for you? Some are ignorant, but Fisk is intelligent. I am puzzled. Some folks are educated beyond their intelligence, but I don't believe that is the case here. There is an ulterior motive, though I don't know what it is...

 Here's something worth urlLink more than a thousand words .

 urlLink This feels good.

 Three weeks in, and Saddam's government no longer operates. Watching the scenes on the street, and those certain to come, one only wishes we hadn't dithered about in the UN for all that time. This victory, in such a short period of time, demonstrates just how useless that organization really is. If Germany and France had gotten their way, we would still be debating the freedom of the Iraqi people. Instead, we have delivered it.

 What an inspirational morning! It appears to resemble a cross between Eastern Europe 1989 and Paris 1944. Either one works, though of course the fall of communism is much more fresh in our collective memories. Plus that statue felled in Baghdad was rather Stalinesque. Wow. Of course, the wonderful commentary on CNN and MSNBC points out repeatedly that there's still a lot more to do - almost, it seems, attempting to marginalize the significance of the moment. In fact, completely missing the significance. While true that we have mopping up to do, the fact that we are watching a people, who have been completely oppressed for over a generation, taste real freedom for the first time, well, it just makes your heart jump and your spine tingle. At least it does mine. This is awesome. The followup, impromptu rally in Dearborn, MI of Iraqi expats is equally compelling. The naysayers, the shortsighted analysts, are wrong. They will still be employed tomorrow, though, which is sad. Freedom is chronically discounted by the realpolitik and liberal establishments. Why, I don't know. Just imagine, if you will, the Middle East today if this had happened in 1991. The complexion would be much improved, and democracy may be more widespread. This is only the beginning.

 Sorry for not posting like I should the last couple of days. Events have intervened as they see fit, as they often do. More will come later, when I am a bit more lucid...the war appears to be moving in a positive direction. In no time, we'll have Southwest flying direct from BNA to BIA...

 Weren't some leftists trying to say that it was possible Saddam didn't know who was in country, or what they may be doing? Reports like this urlLink one make that sort of thinking disingenuous at worst, naive at best.

 Old habits die hards - a leading Russian free market / democratic MP was found urlLink blown away yesterday. This, I may be so snide to note, is what it's like to not have free speech, Mr. Robbins. Russia has a tradition, albeit a less than proud one, of political assassinations, but this one is rather notable. Mr Yushenkov was an outspoken critic of the Putin administration, and it may have cost him his life.

 I just feel the need to note this because of the depressingly short attention span of our national consciousness. The War on Terror has still just begun...Afghanistan and Iraq are just battles in the greater scheme of ending the threat of nuclear terrorism. I in no way discount the importance of either, nor do I diminish the sacrifice, honor, and bravery of our men and women fighting for our nation, but a perspective wrought with patience is a necessity if we are to see the eradication of Islamism through. There is no middle ground to be had. Every harbinger of destruction has told the world what he was to do before he did it, from the Romans (in Carthage, among others) to Lenin to Hitler. The world, characteristically, ignores such warnings, and always at its peril. We must remember 9/11, and the we must imagine a nuclear device aboard one of those planes. Now let's look at Syria, Iran and North Korea.

 Free Speech - What Does It Mean? I just read an urlLink article about Tim Robbins, the ubiquitous boy toy of Susan Sarandon, and his perceived trampling of his free speech rights (courtesy of urlLink Drudge ). His rant, as it were, appears to be a scathing rebuke of all who inhibit his and Ms. Sarandon's self expression. Robbins' ire is primarily focused on the Baseball Hall of Fame and its president, Dale Petroskey, for Petroskey's refusal to honor Robbins' movie, Bull Durham, due to Robbins' recent comments opposing the liberation of Iraq. Someone needs to hand Mr. Robbins a copy of the Constitution, and fast. The 1st Amendment does, in fact, protect one's ability to speak freely. It also has these other things about press, religion, and assembly. All are very important, and all should be fought for. But...they apply to the government. Mr. Robbins is mad (that's what he is, mad...it's a childish emotion, and a childish argument, by a routinely childish man) at a private individual, unassociated with the government, in charge of a private institution, doing a voluntary thing, which he has now decided he no longer wants to do. The Supreme Court has held that free speech is a protected right, but that the very best speech is not, i.e. you can't always say everything you want to say the way you want to say it, but you can still say it. Despite all the chicken little calls about the Patriot Act, the censoring of adverse opinion, and the suppression of free speech, the current administration has done nothing to impede Mr. Robbins' and his cohorts in idiocy from speaking their collective minds. Black helicopters do not follow their limos, and men in black are not knocking at their door. In short, Mr. Robbins must understand that his 1st Amendment rights are alive and well, just that his opinions are not respected. A blow to the ego, I know, but the reality is that once you have something to say, I will indeed listen. So far, color me unimpressed.

 This urlLink site is perchance the funniest thing I've seen this week. Compliments of an email from Brian...may God rebuke those who oppose him! (check out the whole site...funny stuff).

 urlLink This shows that the French DO in fact remember World War II. Scroll down. Dominique de Villepin interrupts just in time to stop a fatal continuation of Syrian idiocy...

 Here are urlLink some quality examples of how backwards the Democratic leadership has been on the Iraq war, the conduct of it, and the aftermath.

 Ohhh Syria....oh stupid, stupid Syria. If Colorado has the best foreign policy inside the United States, Syria must have the worst outside....

 Not only is Australia a true friend to the United States, who isn't afraid to put her resources where her mouth is, her prime minister is also urlLink tired of the French . Though I must disagree that France was a global power at the end of WWII (only the US and the USSR were capable of such a feat, postwar), the sentiment is shared. France out of the Security Council of the UN would be a welcomed development, and might actually salvage the usefulness of the organization itself. Unfortunately, the side effects of such a salvage operation are negative. Russia and China value France as an ally, and would likely bolt the Council if the French were required to eat their croissants on the curb. Keeping both these giant countries engaged is important. Europe can't counterbalance us internationally, but a Chinese-Russian alliance could, and in a much more hostile way. Germany and France play diplomatic games with their egos. China and Russia play the same games with nuclear missiles.

 Who has the best foreign policy of all the fifty states? Is it Massachusetts, who wants to enact trade sanctions on certain politically incorrect regimes, or is it urlLink Colorado ? Viva la Rockies!

 I had noticed this trend, and I'm glad someone who gets paid to do it has put together an urlLink article summarizing the hypocrisy and intentional pollyanna-ism of the Left in the war. Casually reading many opinion and "news" pieces, it seems the antiwar Left is hedging itself, once again, attempting to say they always knew the war would be easy, and that they were always concerned more with the aftermath, the so-called "winning of the peace." This is nothing more than dishonest hawgwash. First, it is silliness to ever say "winning the peace" is more difficult than winning the war. Anyone who thinks administrative housekeeping, and delivering food and water is more difficult than dodging bullets, suicide bombers and artillery pieces is either very naive about the reality of war or intentionally dishonest. It's a general feel, of course, because citing repeatedly is burdensome when there are other things you have to do, but it seems there are many who were pining for a replay of Stalingrad in Baghdad, who wished our soldiers dead (or who wished an outcome that could only come about with many of our soldiers killed), or at the very least rubbed their hands together in glee when the looting began, and whimper with disappointment as it starts to wane. Remember, this is all happening within a month. The war, the aftermath, the chaos...it is all contained within a thirty day period. And yet, some still appear unsatisfied. If you are angry about the conduct of this war, and the resolution and recreation of Iraq in a democratic image, there is, quite simply, something incredibly wrong with you. You are more partisan than civil....you prefer death and destruction for the sake of your apparently insatiable ego. Nothing is more important than vindication, even thousands dead. Tortured and imprisoned children, raped daughters, wives and mothers, wood chipped dissenters, all are acceptable as long as inspections continued. A million Mogadishus are ok, just to show the US a lesson. People who think this way are sick. For the safety of our posterity, and the continued strength of our nation, they should be ignored, no matter what their number (and right now, it is small, but loud). The adults, finally are in the White House. We who put them there must remember to ignore the children, and keep them there in 2004.

 Despite this urlLink article's muddled style, it brings once again to the fore an improper focus on the looting (which we now know to have been rather minor) of Iraq's museum (the best I can tell, there is only one). Somehow, protecting the oil producing capacity is less important than protecting the museum. Appreciating history is important, and as a culture we do a pretty good job of it. However, if I had to choose between rebuilding my country's water purification plants, rebuilding the government apparatus and feeding my family and friends, or, preserving a few artifacts, I would hope the choice would be clear. The oil revenues will provide Iraq with a headstart in its effort to rebuild and provide for its citizenry. Perhaps we could have done both, protected the necessities, and also protected the niceties. But such an assertion requires perfection. We just fought a war where the opposition killed more of its civilians, by far, than we did. We aren't perfect, but we're closer than anyone has ever come...ever.

 Of course, "invincible" would be the first word I'd think of urlLink here .

 There has been much to scoff at in the world of kneejerk war reactions. Surely, the liberation of Iraq was for oil. Surely, it was just a big business deal to enrich the shareholders of Halliburton and urlLink Bechtel . There is one response to such nutty assertions - look at the facts. First, what would you rather us do? Leave Iraq the way it is, or better, kill some civilians to vindicate your clueless prewar predictions? What is it that you people want? I have an idea of what you want, and it goes no further than petty politics. Being one who loves politics, I can appreciate the desire to make gains for one's particular ideology or party. However, the desire to mar the coalition victory with charges of profiteering by its associates gets one nowhere. The great thing about America, and the thing that liberals (modern liberals, not classic liberals) miss, is that we are the most capitalist economy of size in the world. We gain our power, and our power to exist, from the entrepreneurial talents and wealth creating activities of our citizenry. The rights protected under the Constitution allow our economic system to continue and grow. I don't remember who said it, but I thoroughly agree with it. The greatest asset of America, besides her people, is that we are the largest free trade zone in the world. Now, knowing this, doesn't it make sense that an American company would be the proper choice to rebuild Iraq? From what I can gather, the only other enterprise who could handle a project of this size was a French concern. It doesn't quite seem proper to reward the French for their unapologetic intransigence in international affairs, who did everything thing they could, short of taking up arms, to thwart the liberation of the Iraqi people. So we are left with American companies. How horrid!!! How despicable!!! How silly for anyone paid by the New York Times to bring it up because it has no journalistic value whatsoever!!!

 This is an urlLink excellent article on Vaclav Havel, who is perhaps one of the greatest and most underappreciated men of our day.

 So...talk about ingratitude...Shiites, who are now able to conduct their religion as they want, now that Hussein is no more, are protesting the American and British presence in Iraq. I believe Shakespeare had a good line about ingratitude in Twelth Night , something about it being the most distasteful vice of all, but that is neither here nor there. What we have on our hands is a potential tyrrany of the majority, with certain Shiite leaders bent on creating an Islamic theocracy - essentially, Iran II. A truly representative government must be set up - and there must be a strictly enforced 1st Amendment included in it.

 I love to check out the editorial pages, especially locally. Scroll down for the last one urlLink here . Some people, no matter what happens, will never get it. I can't remember Bush or any administration official ever attempting to link Iraq to the attacks on 9/11. Why this lie seems to have such traction is beyond me. Additionally, we knew, from 1991, that Iraq had WMDs. Where they went is now the current question. The problem with materials such as VX is that it doesn't take much to cause extensive damages. A ton of liquid is easy to conceal in a large enough space. That ton effectively released in midtown Manhattan would be catastrophic.

 Just returned home from a family get-together in Tifton, Georgia. No cable...no internet access...kinda relaxing. Now, back to some intermittent blogging (intermittent being the best I ever do...). The Tennessean has a lead story on the urlLink controversial nature of allowing teachers to use test scores to satisfy the requirements of the No Child Left Behind Act. The story is a bit choppy, but the gist is that some teachers want to use their students' improved test scores to reach the level of "highly qualified" under the Act, but still keep the results of the students connected with each teacher confidential. Naturally, The Tennessean misses the point of the story. The point is not that some teachers want to use the scores, when favorable, to satisfy themselves as "highly qualified" under the federal law, but that they want to do so without releasing the scores to the general public. Anyone who knows me knows of my recurrent ranting against a general lack of accountability in education, but I can see some merit to not taking the scores associated with these teachers and dropping them on the street corner for all to persuse. However, there are some individuals not employed by the education apparatus who do deserve to see the scores - the parents. Let me make a simple metaphor. Say you have a family, and you're interested in their safety. You are searching for a new car. You want a new car that has a lot of value for your dollar, but you also want to make sure that a large portion of that value can be found in enhanced safety features. Unfortunately, you can only get one rating for that car - "high value." Unfortunately, you don't know if that's because the car has a really good engine, or whether it has enhanced side based air bags. The same problem exists here. It's terrible, I suppose, that some incompetent teachers be found out, their feelings hurt, and, God forbid, pressure is brought down upon them from parents to do a better job. The point is clear. There is one quote in the article from an alarmingly clueless parent about how a teacher can be "highly qualified" based on other factors beside academic performance, such as "by how they interact with the kids." I'll bet a dollar to a donut that most parents don't feel that way (but leave it to my illustrious Gannett ragged hometown paper to find the one). I don't care how the teacher interacts with the kids, as long as it's effective. One way to check on that is, despite the naysayers protests, test scores. If a teacher has been around for ten years, and the scores of that teacher's students is always below the median, we might want to do something about it. If my kid was going to have that teacher next Fall, I'd sure want to know.

 It has been said by James Taranto of OpinionJournal.com that the road to peace in the Middle East, and specifically Israel, goes through Baghdad. I submit this was true, and if my geography is at all accurate, you have to go through Damascus to get back to the West Bank. I'm very curious to see what track the Bush administration pursues in its dealings with Syria. Clearly, Syria is the main troublemaker in the Israeli - Palestinean problem. Lebanon is essentially a client state, a terrorism franchise, if you will, and acts to enable a multifront war on the Israeli people. The Syrian leadership, after showing great stupidity in the midst of the fall of Hussein's government, appears to be coming around...somewhat. If they respond to verbal pressure, we should increase it. Couple it with a few carriers hanging off the Mediterranean coast, and we'll get some good results. Besides, we have some unfinished business in Lebanon. Remember, our greatest losses in Lebanon in the 1980s were at the hands of Hezbollah - we've got 241 US Marines to avenge.

 This is urlLink interesting ...

 Just when the urlLink jokes were beginning to wane...

 This is a urlLink startling development . Well, not really. The article, though short, does a good job of identifying the legal conundrum that Connecticut now faces, and what other ultraliberal states will also face. This opinion essentially holds that an arm, once taken from the body, is viable. The decision on its face is ludicrous. Thank God New England is so small...

 These urlLink poll numbers are worth checking out. It appears that attention spans are short, and Bush needs to do a better marketing job. There's plenty of time, though, and a full-court marketing blitz, even for the best ideas, would be wasted this far out from the general election. The "strong leader" numbers are positive, and I think those will play the most significant role of any facet polled. We'll see...but the fact remains that among DEMOCRATS, nearly 2/3 can't name anyone running for their own party's nomination. Scary if you bleed donkey.

 The Sox won - so the morning is bright, crisp, and can simply be summed up in the word of happiness. I haven't yet had a chance to expound on the ESPN handling of the Rush situation. I don't have much time now - I need to be out of the house in about five minutes, but I thought I would go ahead and get started anyhow. I haven't seen too much commentary on last Sunday's Gameday Countdown. Maybe the mushy feel-good, yet completely wrong, way the members of the cast, from Chris Berman down, conveyed their "feelings" was all too expected. I was still taken aback at the extremity of the pandering though. The gist of everyone's comments (primarily those of Tom Jackson, and in a roundabout way, Berman) was that they were wrong, not Rush - that's assumed - but they were wrong for their apathy when Rush made his allegedly insensitive comments. It immediately struck me as telling that it took them a week, and apparently pressure from the same media Rush was criticizing, to come up with this hoolala. The point had been made. No one in the case seemed to take offense at the time of the comments. It took others to pressure them into thinking "correctly." I have more, especially on Tom Jackson, who has eternally lost any personal respect coming from yours truly. Wilson County is calling, and I can't be late.

 I also want to go on record saying that those Comcast dish-bashing commercials are completely bogus. We just got DirecTV a month ago, and it's worked beautifully. The picture is clearer, there are more and better channels to choose from, and you get the NFL Ticket. If there's a downside here, I'm not seeing it.

 Please, soon, please...

 Meanwhile, California is about ripe. And quite frankly, they're about to get what they so richly deserve. First, they elect Grey Davis, not once, but twice. Then, they change their mind. Next, they poll evenly between an unprincipled actor and an arguably racist communist for weeks. Now, they appear to have decided on the unprincipled actor. When's the big one coming?

 Holding my breath...still.....

 Latest report is that Johnny Damon has a concussion. In all my years of watching baseball, that had to the hardest collision I've ever seen ( including every collision at home plate).

 Ex-Brave pitchers tend to be a good thing - one out.

 Looks like the Sox might pull this one out...please, PLEASE let the bullpen hold...

 Out of a morbid curiosity, I decided to check out Dennis Kucinich's web site (since he just announced his candidacy and all), and it was worse than even I had imagined. I've finally found what I've been trying to put my finger on for months...Kucinich is the anti-Galt - he's the perfect establishment candidate of Atlas Shrugged , combined with the destructive ideals of 1984 . Fortunately, there is no hope this kook will be elected. But to know there are people in public office who think this way is a disheartening. The people of Cleveland - you disappoint me deeply.

 I think we should urlLink encourage our seniors to go north for prescription drugs. In a basic economic sense, we're simply shifting costs. In a sense this is an exemplary case of comparative advantage. Let me explain. Two governments are in the model: the United States and Canada. Due to the still-open border between the two, and the short distance between population centers, transaction costs are low. The Canadian government has chosen to subsidize prescription drugs (and healthcare in general) for its citizens, and apparently, for anyone else who chooses to buy them within Canada's borders. In a broader view, Canada has spent extensive time and effort developing its welfare state. Here, Canada is providing subsidies to a certain subset of American citizens the rest of the American public has chosen not to provide. At first blush it appears that our seniors are mooching off of the Canadian welfare state, resulting in a direct and uncompensated expense to Canada. Let's expand the analysis. Canada itself has been a free-rider under the United States military and economic umbrella for years, and remains so to this day. In the nineteenth century American proved a buffer for Canada from Mexico, and throughout the twentieth century, the United States has intervened across the world in wars and conflicts where America's and Canada's interests have been closely aligned. The United States has proven its superiority at defense, while Canada has shown its tendency to provide social services. The current War on Terror and American leadership and resource commitment are only the latest example. Canada has provided token assistance, but such assistance is miniscule compared to the resources, both absolutely and as a percentage of GDP, that the United States has deployed. Economically, Canadian business has access to the largest and wealthiest market in the world at little cost. This access surely results in sufficient economic activity and tax revenues for the Canadian government to compensate for any subsidies provided to American seniors buying drugs north of the border. If at worst the added tax revenues from American market access wash with the prescription subsidies, the "use" of the American military more than compensates for the extra trouble.

 The new cover is nice "Vlad the Impaler" - really hits Mr. Putin where it hurts, I'd say.

 Check that last post...now that my new Economist has arrived today, that truly great article is in last week's Economist. But it's still worth saving.

 Per urlLink BusinessPundit , this is truly a urlLink great article in the latest Economist. I try to save all my past Economist-on-dead-tree issues, but this is one I'll have to really find some way to preserve. The medication for the ills of corporate American (and elsewhere) are so plainly put down in this article. It's astounding, and otherwise applicable to leaders in any position.

 This is the urlLink only thing that would draw me to the NBC family of news channels. Hats off.

 The assessment of the Oprah survey is a bit problematic. The conclusion is that "However, the most likely conclusion we can make is that people who seek out Oprah's life-affirming TV are probably just more aware, open and honest with their emotions." I think they're emotional wrecks. Part of having emotions and functioning in reality is learning when to let them go, and when to control them. I'm not saying Oprah causes her watchers to lead stressed-out, basically unhappy lives, but I am saying that perhaps her format and message exacerbates the stress in people's lives that would otherwise not rise to the level of "hectic." Ratifying stress doesn't help it - if anything, it encourages it.

 Somehow, urlLink this is not surprising. From the few times lately I've watched the show, and the many more I had to watch it when Mom controlled the television growing up, Oprah has made a living pointing out every middle-aged woman's faults and telling her that they're OK, to probably include some faults they didn't even know they had. Now, with the Dr. Phil spinoff, you have an entirely new hour of fault-based programming where the central theme of the show is telling people how utterly stupid they're acting. Now, obviously, sometimes this assessment is completely accurate, but it can't be good for the overall self-image. I personally wouldn't want to be on a nationally broadcast feel-bad show where my utter unability to comprehend daily life is exposed and I'm made to bawl like Cubs fan on-stage. Maybe the people who do this get a Dr. Phil prizepack, with some extra Weight Watchers items autographed by Dr. Phil. Maybe, though, they are just that pathetic.

 Turned out there were a lot of kids last night, but after a week of working out for the first time and a hectic schedule in court, I was bushed, and slept through most of it. If we'd been smart the wife could have put me on the deck where I could randomly awaken and scare the kiddies...there's always next year.

 No kids yet. This is our first year in this neighborhood. During the day the place looks kid-happy. So far, though, nothing.

 Some blogs are more interesting than others. For instance, those authored by freedom loving people caught in the grip of medievally minded theocracies top my list. This urlLink one especially. Check out urlLink here for more.

 And urlLink these people should be shot on sight.

 urlLink THIS is an improvement - well if it makes a difference, AND the entire show is scrapped, that would be an improvement.

 I've seen a few blogs and sites attempting to provide the proper moniker for the Democratic field. The only one I'm proud of will require one more candidate to drop: The Lightweight Eight After that, I respectfully defer to those who have given this matter the thought it deserves.

 As Dennis Miller so eloquently quipped about the Democratic field I havent seen a starting nine like that since the 1962 Mets. This election cycle is primed for expansive Republican gains on the national and state levels. I had been debating whether President Bush would have coattails down the ballot. Because of a variety of factors, I am now convinced he will. First, and perhaps most important, Democratic turnout and Democratic appeal to swing voters have become mutually exclusive outcomes. The only candidate that truly excites the Democratic base is a quasi-communist governor from a non-diverse, non-mainstream New England state, who has only McGovernite appeal to the broader electorate. The only other candidates who are viable are those who are slightly more to the right of Leonid Brezhnev than the good governor from Vermont, to include John F. Kerry and Dick Gephardt (Clark will doubtlessly fade). Unfortunately for the Democratic Party, the latter excite the base about as much as a broad-based tax cut. Without turnout, the Democratic candidate for president will be doomed, and any Democratic candidates down the ticket will suffer the extended consequences. Another factor that will certainly damage any national plans the Democrats have is the status of California. A Republican governor there now creates a strategic problem, potentially wresting away a key state that was once solidly in the Democratic camp. The Democrats have no national victory strategy that does not include California. I am not quite convinced California is winnable for a more conservative Republican, but Governor Schwarzeneggar makes it interesting, as he will certainly stump heavily for President Bush. Millions of Democratic dollars earmarked for battleground states such as Michigan and Pennsylvania will have to be diverted to ensure California voters dont drift to the red (well, the electoral red). Combined with a lack of Democratic turnout, and a new battleground state, Bushs positive popularity itself will enhance Republican turnout. The economic numbers now being released are a sure sign that domestic issues might become nonissues by next November. With a chicken now in every pot, the national focus will be forced to return to national security and the War on Terror. This is where our President is at his best, and where Democrats lack credibility the most.

 Life is a little bit hectic. I just got my furniture delivered to my new office downtown, which is an improvement, because things were looking a little bit empty...

 Well, we're about to go have dinner with some friends. No more blogging tonite - and with a full day of football tomorrow, I'm not sure how much I'll get posted. That's ok, though - there's plenty else to read in the blogosphere.

 Am I missing something urlLink here ? Hasn't Bush acknowledged the sacrifice and loss of American life in Iraq repeatedly? The problem is not as The Tennessean (or, Pravda on the Cumberland, as we locals oft-times call it) puts it. The problems Bush and others in the administration have noted with media coverage of the war stems from the tunnel-vision mentality of most media outlets. Yes, soldiers are dying. No one welcomes it, but it's an unfortunate cost for something larger than any one individual. Media outlets such as The Tennessean miss the point. Every loss of life is tragic, but the losses are not in vain, as much as Gannett rags and others would have us believe.

 I guess the Saudis aren't paying enough protection money...

 It seems our urlLink intelligence can be reliable, after all.

 OK, I just took that compass test, and refuse to post my score. Here's why - the questions are crap. I knew I would come out on the right - but my authoritarian number is out of line. The questions that I detected had something to do with the authoritarian axis seemed to be too vague to ensure accurate weighting. For instance, thinking that hippies are really immature seems to throw one toward the authoritarian side of things. Additionally, questions that ask one's opinions on society seem to weigh into one's perceived role of the government. Of course I think entertainment infused into "news" has created shorter attention spans. Does that mean I think the government should regulate it? Of course not. The abortion question doesn't make sense either in this context, and shouldn't be used to weigh whether one is an authoritarian or not. An individual who is pro-life is typically so because they are anti-murder, not because they believe the government should interfere with personal liberty. By this logic, anyone who believes in the criminal penal code is authoritarian. If this is what the test means by authoritarian, its measurements are largely useless unless viewed from an anarchist's perspective. Whether something is advisable does not go to whether it should be permissable, and I think that is where this test fails miserably.

 Just looked at the urlLink Political Compass again. I took it awhile back, but don't quite remember how I came out. I was about to take it again, when I became decidedly perturbed by the opening question. Apparently, frictionless commerce is incompatible with "humanity." I'm not quite sure what to do with this one. I suppose I'll choose a less decisive answer to the first question and answer the rest. The remaining questions on the front page seem a little more fair. It seems the compass does get a little play throughout the blogosphere, but I'm more inclined along the lines of Jacob Levy's urlLink assessment .

 Nice urlLink point . One man's punk is another man's liberator.

 urlLink This is interesting, and especially timely in light of the recent productivity numbers. Naturally, the United States is not the only economy enjoying increased productivity. The discovery that manufacturing jobs are disappearing worldwide makes sense. Even communist China wants to increase profit margins, and to do so, you've got to produce more with less. This urlLink article is a little dated, but provides estimates on Chinese manufacturing productivity over the last twenty years, and attempts to explain and account for inaccuracies in the government released data.

 And I presume that urlLink The Guardian still believes we were wrong to depose Hussein....

 urlLink Cocky is good...I have a theory that what we are seeing is a replay of the 1984 election. Many are saying 1972, but I don't think that to be the case. More on that later.

 Andrew Sullivan's urlLink commentary on the similarities of John Kennedy and George W. Bush is interesting, and largely accurate. I take exception with the last line of the analysis, however. I'm not sure whether Bush is an "old-style Democrat" on foreign policy, or if he is, whether that is the best way to characterize him. That assertion seems to be mutually exclusive, as in Bush isn't like "old-style Republicans" when it comes to American foreign policy, because the best way to describe him is as an "old-style Democrat." Of course, the crux of Sullivan's conclusion is that the Democrats are missing the obvious when they criticize the President's foreign policy. This is undoubtedly true, and is an example of the symptomatic venom that is the modus operandi of 21st century Democrats. The reason for this intraparty intransigence (if you accept that Bush is in fact an old-style Democrat in his foreign policy) lies in the complete devolution of the modern Democratic Party from the Democratic Party of forty years ago. Neither Kennedy nor Wilson (if you truly want to go back to the old-style Democrat model) would recognize his party today. Bush as an Old-Style Republican I see Bush as consistent with Republican foreign policy objectives, recently reaffirmed by Ronald Reagan, and stretching back to Theodore Roosevelt. International political theorists have at times implied, if not outright stated, that Rooseveltian foreign policy is incompatible with Wilsonian foreign policy. This is quite simply not true. The objectives and means of each philosophy actually mix and match quite effectively. Wilson, a reluctant warrior, eventually staked his place in history on a diplomatic initiative. He believed, as it appears President Bush does, that the worldwide expansion of democracy is in the best interests of the United States. The difference lies in a perception of international relations. Bush appears to understand, as did Roosevelt, that treaties are only enforceable by tip of the sword. Countries behave as though in a Hobbesian state of nature, with no governing rules save those imposed by the more powerful. Frameworks don't enforce themselves, as evidenced by the recurrent impotence of the United Nations in dealing with Iraq. Post 9-11, the result of our foreign policy, that the United States should pursue whatever course is in its best interests, is purely Rooseveltian. Bush's methods follow a more Roosevelt-inspired path, with the added Wilsonian modification that the end-result of worldwide democracy makes the United States, and the world, a safer and more secure place. In short, since the beginning of the Cold War, Rooseveltian means have been the key to both Rooseveltian and Wilsonian ends. In the new, one hyper-power world, where the slightest margin of error could result in cataclysmic destruction, this merger of the two philosophies seems to be the proper bet.

 Didn't get to blog any yesterday - I was waiting for Bellsouth to install all necessary lines in my office, but the guy who came was under-equipped to do the job. If I didn't need high-speed DSL I would pick another local company to take care of things, but I'm just a little stuck.

 And since the subject has arisen in the last few days...check out this urlLink site for all the concealed carry info you could ever want.

 This is a urlLink better gun story. Compliments of urlLink Instapundit .

 And then the police searched his apartment and charged him with a second count of misdemeanor possession? So in New York, it is presumed one cannot possess firearms in your own residence? SCOTUS needs to take a solid 2nd Amendment case, and they need to do it ASAP.

 urlLink This is disgusting. There's such a thing as prosecutorial discretion. The concept must be lost on the district attorney's office in the Bronx. This unfortunate story puts good people in a bad position. Criminal justice has three potential purposes, depending on your philosophy: deterrence, retribution, or rehabilitation. Which purpose does this prosecution serve? That's right - none. Deterring the elderly, or law abiding citizens in general, from defending themselves is not in the best interest of any sane society. There is no retribution to be had. This gentlemen positively affected his community by preventing another violent crime. If anything, the state, on behalf of the people of the Bronx, owe him. And finally, what do we want to rehabilitate this man from? A keen sense of self-preservation? An intolerance for robbery? This kind of incident is what makes me sick. Unfortunately, I am sure it would happen in most jurisdictions. From my observations here in Nashville (among other things, I do practice criminal defense), I'm not convinced it wouldn't happen here, either.

 urlLink Check it out - watch the videos...you gotta vote for what counts....

 Just finished watching the opening of The Daily Show - complete and accurate coverage of the MTV Dem Debate. Wow. Are these guys for real? Those videos are perhaps the funniest thing I've seen in a long, long time. Nice clip from Dean - the Democrats should get the votes of poor white people, too. Hmm, yet another group, but is it a minority? e.g. a potential Democratic voting block? Only if they forget about God, guns, and gays, I suppose...

 Howard Dean and his urlLink wise words for the South...does this guy actually believe he has a chance in the South in the general election? And what is this garbage about guns? Did he not learn from Gore's experience in Tennessee in 2000? Children, my friends, learn from past behavior. In fact, monkeys learn from past behavior. Properly categorizing the anthropological reasoning ability of the frontrunners in the current Democratic field is beyond the scope of this blog and the expertise of its author. However, I will venture a guess that it's not all that high...

 Wow....Rascall Flatts just called Alabama onto the stage during the CMAs, and boy, do they look pissed! So, Alabama feels they might be a little bit above Rascall Flatts....who can blame them?

 This urlLink reported use of the Patriot Act to attack a strip club is, to me, alarming. Clearly, such a use of the act was NOT what was originally intended. As far as legal analysis goes, I'm not one who buys into the often-harped, seldom realized "slippery slope" argument. Quite frankly, most slopes don't turn out to be slippery. You're fine one minute, and the next minute, you fall straight down. You clearly know when things have gone too far. It's not a gradual regression. This, however, appears to be one of those times when the spirit of the law ought to be invoked. Whether or not you personally believe strip clubs to be patriotic in their nature, reasonable people can (and would) agree that the Patriot Act was not designed to bag small-time corrupt activity. This reminds me of the devolution of the RICO statute, which was originally designed to break up organized crime, but as of late has been successfully applied to distasteful corporate activity. Somewhere along the way the original purpose of the act is lost, and the landscape of the law is drastically altered.

 I've finally got a semblance of Internet access in the office. Cellular access isn't broadband, but it's better than nothing. urlLink This is absolutely horrific - it appears this fiftyish something "broad" hasn't learned much in life. Sad, really. Compliments of urlLink Instapundit and urlLink Andrew Sullivan .

 Good eyes by urlLink Vodkapundit : "Barbour entered the race as a nationally known Republican who had not been a full-time resident of Mississippi in years. But in a state that has grown increasingly Republican yet remains among the poorest, Barbour told voters how his contacts in Washington and among corporate leaders could benefit Mississippi economically." Three things - number one, Republican tendencies do not equal poverty. Second, the Republican Party does indeed consist of those who want to better their life. And third, anyone heard of Hillary Clinton? I don't even think the woman had lived in New York a second before running for a statewide office. Once you scalp the Post article of the heady claims of Republican inferiority, lack of residence, and what appears to be utter surprise that poor people vote Republican, you're left with "Haley Barbour has been elected governor of Mississippi."

 Yesterday was a hectic day - which is fine. Hectic usually means productive, and this case was no exception. The Democratic urlLink memo leaked when circulated among the Senate Intelligence Committee is alarming, though not startling. urlLink Claims by Sen. Jay Rockefeller, ranking minority member on the Select Committee for Intelligence, that that the memo was "likely taken from a waste basket or through unauthorized computer access," are irrelevant, at best. The problem with the memo lies in its pronounced strategy to use intelligence information and the intelligence evaluation process for political purposes. Per the Democratic Party, the purpose of the committee is not to evaluate our nation's intelligence network, but instead exists only to act as another torpedo to be fired at the administration. For shame, both for what the Dems in the committee are doing, and for a pattern of behavior where the strategy outlined in this memo is not at all surprising.

 Just a side note... and I think I'll be done blogging for the night. I'm tired of every mention of a casualty in Iraq, followed by the following phrase, or something substantially like it - "the bloodiest day since Bush declared major combat over May 1." For anyone out there who cares to listen, let me set something straight. There will be more American and British deaths and injuries. There will be more firefights and ambushes. The price of not obliterating a country in the course of liberation is the mass survival of regime loyalists as well as the mass survival of the general civilian population. Major combat operations are indeed over. Anyone heard from the Republican Guard lately? Pick a division... they don't seem to be too coherent these days. Anyone seen Saddam's sons? Oh yeah, they're dead. How many cards are left in that 55 card deck? 15, I think (as of July) - it could be less by now. How well are utilities throughout Iraq operating? Oh, better than before the liberation. Is oil flowing out of Iraq? Why yes, it is. How many wives, sisters and daughters have been raped by American servicemen? 0, zilch, none - which, I do add, is quite the contrast to the situation before we arrived. So, as you can see, major combat operations are indeed over. The country is indeed recovering. A few desperate Baathists are attempting to sabotage the new Iraq. By an objective account, they are losing .

 urlLink Andrew Sullivan has an interesting theory as to the how's and why's of the results of the latest Washington Post presidential urlLink poll . Bush's support in the 18-25 age group still amazes me. It comports with other polls, though, and the overall trend is an encourageing one. For the life of me, I can't remember when the poll was done and who did it (I think it was Pew, and it was a couple of months ago), but the number of college students who supported George W. Bush's handling of the war in Iraq was over 60%, and at the time was tracking higher than the same approval rating given Bush by the general population. Andrew Sullivan's theory, and I think it's largely on track, is that we are seeing the emergence of the 9-11 generation. I find myself hedging somewhat, however. As a disclaimer, I am an eternal optimist. One of my hobbies is reading biographies of successful people. Pessimists and cynics don't tend to accomplish great things. I am personally affronted when I feel a pessimistic urge or a cynical impulse coming on. This is one of those times. My small dose of cynicism lies in what some have individuals have called, and I routinely deride as, the MTV generation, whose members are typically characterized by an inability to determine what's really important in life, and doubly damning, also lack the attention span to make proper sense of their surroundings anyway. Perhaps what we're seeing here is a morphing, of sorts, away from a skewed and Clintonesque perception of reality to a true understanding of the world around them. If this is indeed the case, and it actually looks as thought it may be, the Democratic Party as it currently exists is already dead. A reliable volunteer base can usually be found on college campuses, as well as the next generation of academia engendered lock-step ideologically liberal drones. If this dries up...the outcome would make me ecstatic. If the Republican Party ever could crack a third of the black vote in every election, there wouldn't be an elected Democrat anywhere outside of a gerrymandered district. The demographic swing noted in the Washington Post poll, among others, could have the same effect.

 The Final Roll Call , which I mentioned in the last post, should encourage us, not sadden us. We as a people have a lot to do - the battle in the field is fought by the men and women in our military, but the battle of ideas, empowering those men and women, is fought at home. For those of us who have any political experience whatsoever, we know the election cycle never truly ends. Viewed in hindsight through the dust fumed shadows of September 11, 2001, the 2000 election of George W. Bush was extraordinarily timely. The re-election of George W. Bush is, on the contrary, a clear imperative. That election cycle is now upon us. The alternatives are, in a word, frightening. The progress of the War (World War IV, I like to call it) relies on the outcome of the 2004 presidential election. Any one of the Democratic candidates would roll back the gains now made. In a game where one mistake can be fatal, any release of pressure is unacceptable. We have not been attacked again since September 11, 2001. Decisive action and a clear vision from the Commander-in-Chief are the reason. I go on record now holding that the election of the eventual Democratic nominee in 2004 will result in the loss of a major American city. At the end of the day, quite plainly, the Democrats don't get it, haven't gotten it, and never will get it. Life is now too serious to play their race-baiting, class warfare, personal assassination, lie-based, discrimination-filled, hypocritical, and destructive brand of politics. A once-great party is on the verge of complete irrelevance. For the sake of our nation, let us hope they make it all the way there.

 I tend to go to this urlLink site every few days to ensure that my perspective is absolutely correct. Here you find a listing of all those who have died in service to us, the American people. It's important to think of their sacrifice in this way. They did not risk, and pay, the ultimate sacrifice for the United States government - they did it to preserve the American existence, our existence. Everyone of us owes a debt we can never repay. The amazing thing is that these men and women who have died fighting for freedom, and those still fighting, do not desire we pay anything back. They freely give - their existence is one of complete selflessness. That is amazing, and I am eternally grateful.

 urlLink This looks kinda cool. If it works, fewer wires, less aesthetic clashing...sounds like a winner.

 Short on postings, I know...it'll probably be another few days before I can get a high speed connection in the new office. It'd be nice to be able to blog while settling in, organizing, etc., but it's just not in the cards. It appears that both the Dow and NASDAQ performed admirably today. But of course, leave it to the most talented journalists to urlLink poo-poo the exceptional economic growth we are currently experiencing. So let me get this straight...business spending is important to the economy, check; consumer spending is important to the economy, check; business spending, predicated on industrial capacity (which becomes less and less relevant as we become more and more service oriented), is a lousy indicator of future spending trends, check; but nevertheless, the outlook is bleak, primarily, it seems, because a handful of financial analysts are once again insufficiently clairvoyant enough to predict the future in absolutely sunny terms. Despite surrendering the fact that non-defense capital goods demand is a better indicator of future growth (which, by the way, is "surging") the article still concludes the worst. The point is that the above story is actually a non-story, with the added benefit of grossly unsubstantiated pollyannaesque overtones - no matter how good the news actually is, it's bad news.

 There won't be much posting done today - because of football, of course. But after looking at urlLink Drudge this morning, I was again shocked, but not really surprised, at the urlLink continuing racial hypocrisy of the Democratic Party. Just read the first three paragraphs and skip to the last line.

 An expert analysis by urlLink Andrew Sullivan on the innate dishonesty and factual recklessness of the antiwar Left.

 More info on the urlLink Istanbul bombing , directly from Turkey. Courtesy of urlLink Instapundit .

 For those of you curious about the operation of the federal court system, Eugene Volokh has a nice urlLink summary .

 For when life gets a little too serious. urlLink Enjoy!

 For those out there who want our presence in Iraq to end quickly, here's some urlLink good news . That's only giving us another 7 months to stabilize the country, root out the Baathists, and set up a working constitution. I am skeptical as to the feasability of this timetable. If the administration can pull this off, it will be touted as one of the most successful foreign policy operations in history. I pray we can - but let's not pull out of Iraq for the sake of expediency, and at the expense of success. Iraq is the key to democracy in the Middle East. We must take full advantage of the opportunity before us.

 Al Queda is urlLink not just an American problem. This is a World War, which we have only just begun.

 Okay, I guess I shouldn't be, but Kennedy's comment has made me furious. First, and I will refuse to acknowledge any facet of the racial angle, because, quite frankly, our side doesn't do that. But I do take issue with his carte blanche asininity. Obviously - I repeat, obviously, the individuals Bush has nominated are among the best and brightest attorneys and jurists in the land. I dare say the same about any president's judicial nominations. You don't get to the brink of a federal judgeship without being exceptionally bright, regardless of one's politics. Kennedy, you're not worth the time.

 I'm not going to play the "If he was a Republican..." game. The varying standards for Repubs and Dems are obvious at this point, and the amusement value has depreciated to the point of being passe.

 Timely, I just heard it on Fox. What a jerk.

 I just heard from a reliable source that Ted Kennedy just called Janice Rogers Brown, among other nominees, a "neandrethal." I patiently await condemnation from the NAACP, Rainbow PUSH, Al Sharpton, John Lewis, Farrakahn, Cynthia McKinney, Tom Daschle, Hillary Clinton, and Mary Landrieu. Any one would satisfy me. Fortunately, I'm a patient fellow.

 Good urlLink material from the 9th Circuit. Eugene Volokh has a good urlLink summary of the case's significance.

 Vidal is lacking something very important to those in his field (that being critics), and that is perspective. He posits that Franklin predicted, from the beginning, that imperfect people would eventually let themselves be ruled by despots. There are, in my mind, two logical ways to apply that fear from Franklin's perspective. One is that Frankling was concerned about an overreaching government - one that would grow to a size that, by necessity of its existence, would squash people's freedoms. Today we are largely serviced by an army of bureaucrats at the federal and state levels of government. If Vidal truly comprehended Franklin's "presience," he would mention this point. Second, Franklin was concerned with a return to what was just fought against. A true despot is an unelected king, who by fiat can exercise plenary power over his subjects' lives, to include life and death, taxes and military conscription, which were items of concern to a group of men who had just pledged their fortunes, lives, and sacred honor to a revolution a mere third of the populace thought was a good idea. Unlike George III, George W. Bush was duly elected. Only the zaniest of the Left argue otherwise, and do on purely emotional basis devoid of any factual concerns. My point, longwinded as it may be, is that Gore Vidal doesn't get it.

 urlLink Gore Vidal ...must be something about people name "Gore." It's always nice when the subheadline goes to the trouble of discrediting the interviewee's thesis for you: The take-no-prisoners social critic skewers Bush, Ashcroft and the whole damn lot of us for letting despots rule. despot = allowed to rule. Awesome.

 urlLink This is an interesting piece on the 1960 election. Kudos to Jim Miller for also noting more differences than similarities between Bush and Kennedy.

 Interesting urlLink summary of the latest Gallup poll out of Iraq. The lowest number among Iraqis on the question of basic constitutional rights is on the question of right to assembly. Instapundit reports, but doesn't comment, on this anomaly in light of the rather high freedom of speech and religion numbers. Perhaps this difference in Iraqi opinion goes back to a urlLink perception I read in an Iraq-based blog last week. As best described by the author of the blog, demonstrations have been given a bad name by the Baathist regime. Until the Iraqi public fully realizes that they get to choose where and when and for what they demonstrate, the public's approval number when responding to this type of question will likely continue to lag behind that of other 1st A. freedoms. Still, over two-thirds feel such a provision should be in the new constitution. The electorate's starting point is quite encouraging. I just love that I can now refer to the Iraqi people as an "electorate" with a straight face.

 Too bad Grey Davis didn't think of this urlLink resolution to California's budget crisis. If he had bothered to ask, George Soros might have been willing to underwrite the entire offering (since California is just a little vital to any hope of unseating Bush in 2004...)

 I suppose now that the UN has discovered urlLink this , it's up to the United States once again to maintain the organization's credibility. We really, really do want to leave everyone else alone. We just aren't to the place in the grand scheme of world events where inept diplomats can be trusted to face down nuclear theocracies

 urlLink This The Guardian article demonstrates the absolute necessity of holding firm in Iraq. By being resolute, American and British forces will win the War on foreign soil. I know this point has been made before, but it's worth making again. Here's the quote: US officials have said they suspect that foreign volunteers, including some from al-Qaida, have slipped across the borders into Iraq to take part in a "holy war" against the US-led occupation. Asked about foreign fighters, Lt Gen Sanchez claimed that "hundreds" of foreigners cross the border to carry out attacks. If there is to be a "holy" war, let it be in Iraq, not Manhattan.

 I like urlLink this . Why? Because it demonstrates that not even CNN believes that the Democratic field can handle real questions from real Americans. How utterly pathetic.

 urlLink George Soros - the anti-Bush?

 I pondered for a time about how Bush should take urlLink this . I have concluded it is, without a doubt, a compliment of the highest magnitude.

 A truly interested urlLink read . Hmm, they didn't ask me for my letter...

 I still can't stand Tony Blair's domestic politics. His beliefs, if fully implemented, would make the UK a deadweight version of Finland. But... and this is a HUGE and immensely redeeming "but" ... his comprehension of world events, the movement of history, and his place in this moment is impeccable. Tens of thousands march in a country of 60 million, on a continent of 300 million. Should this even be a story? Here's a new rule - let's call it Moore's London Demonstration Theorem. All demonstations in Trafalgar Square should be matched toe to toe with the last England/Germany soccer match. If that standard is applied, the result is "no contest."

 Dennis Kucinich apparently disagrees with the Afghan poll I linked to below, calling Afghanistan a "disaster." Could these guys be any more urlLink elitist ? Is it possible that Dennis Kucinich knows more about the conditions in Afghanistan than Afghanis do? Not bloody likely.

 It seems urlLink electronic voting may not yet be the elixir for our electoral woes.

 Have the protesters seen urlLink this ? Would it matter?

 Continuing the urlLink trend ...good news for America is bad news for the Democratic Party.

 They are particularly concerned that as many as 1,000 European anarchists have targeted the event for their own purpose. If you organize, are you really an anarchist?

 Useful idiots - that's the ironic phrasing I was looking for...

 Interesting urlLink article on the most unimpressive demonstrations in London. Money quote: Deputy assistant commissioner of the Metropolitan Police Andy Trotter said the attacks in Istanbul underlined that his officers were working for the protection of demonstrators as much as Mr Bush. "As we have seen, terrorists really don't care who they blow up or who they target," he said. "They would have no compunction to take out demonstrators, no compunction in any way at all. And that's a very difficult message to get across to some demonstrators." Of course they don't get it. These people feel - they don't think.

 This Michael Jackson thing is a riot. It's not often one gets to witness the complete implosion of someone's life when they deserve it. What's with the airplane nose in the hanger, anyhow? Did some appendage fall off again? Nose melt? Who knows....

 urlLink This is the question of the day. Yet another indication of a slant so deeply ingrained that truth becomes an ethereal concept. I'm hoping that the prejudice now found in our media and ivory tower elite against the United States' self-interest reverses itself somewhere this side of a biological or nuclear 9/11. Though again, this is not something I hold my breath on.

 Just heard a part of Arnold's speech. Not bad at all. Sounded very fiscally conservative in the speech. Let's see if he sticks with it when the going gets rough.

 Of course there's a urlLink leftist slant in the New York Times book review section as to what books the Times chooses to review. If I was a conservative author, why would I care? It's not as if you're going to get a glowing review. Better to let them ignore you than trash you - or maybe it's the whole "no publicitiy is bad publicity" mantra. Either way, it's the New York Times, which has established itself as perhaps the most unfair and unbalanced newspaper not sponsored by an authoritarian state. The Raines era should have never happened. The paper is an affront to all journalists who attempt to fairly pursue their craft.

 This is urlLink disgusting . Anti-semitism - the only prejudice left on the planet praised and encouraged in elitist circles. Volokh makes the good point that there are many reasons why government reports on societal ills are shelved. However, one would hope we could give the EU the benefit of the doubt. Europe's collective history of anti-semitism, from east to west, is abyssmal, and reports from the continent, from Islamist vandalism of synagogues, to the snappy racist comments of European diplomats, show many have not learned anything. Europe once again shows which side of the Atlantic has truly progressed. If this report was shelved for solely PC reasons, there is truly a deep and ingrained problem in the European mindset. Can anyone imagine a similar report being shelved here? about blacks? or Hispanics? Would there be silence? Or would there be protests and public outcry? Would we be collectively ashamed, or would we show our true stripes through our passivity? The EU, it appears, has shown its true stripes.

 Why did we not urlLink see a cover like this during Clinton? Courtesy of urlLink Drudge .

 The spreads look pretty good today. Here's to some positive action!

 Interesting urlLink perspective the Washington Post takes on the formation of militia in Iraq to assist in counterterrorism. There are enough negative quotes from members of the non-participating political parties - the point that is missed is this: gee, maybe Iraqis participating in the protection and formation of their own democratic nation is actually a good idea. The American Revolution was largely fought and won with the use of local militia. Anyone who knows history also knows that the period after the British surrender was not exactly a rosy one. So it goes with Iraq. Fortunately for Iraqis, however, they have a living example of what works (or, a few of them, if they choose the parliamentary route).

 Which of these qualify as good news for the Democrats? urlLink Here Or urlLink here , Or perhaps urlLink here . Courtesy, of course, of the indefatigable urlLink Matt Drudge .

 I know urlLink this is old news by now, but it makes for interesting discussion. Because of their proximity to Vermont, one might safely presume that New Hampshirites have some sort of insider knowledge of Howard Dean. If that's the case, I like the result. I wonder what the partisan breakdown on that poll was - if there was one.

 Someone, anyone, please tell me why I'm watching Keith Olberman on MSNBC right now...I really liked him on Sportscenter back in the day. My, how things change...

 I know it's been awhile... this has been a busy December. It feels as though I'm still working retail (well, the legal business isn't quite that bad as of yet). This is urlLink interesting . It's nice to see some sort of truly quasi-pro-democracy demos on our elite college campuses. Somehow, I get this irksome feeling that the same people who make Tibet their pet cause are the same people who would love to have an evening cigar with Fidel Castro. Perhaps that's just an inference I've gathered on my own. It could come from the general Hollywood obsession with both Tibet and Castro. Maybe they don't overlap - if they do, it's quite the rich contradiction.

 This urlLink speech by Michael Crichton regarding the religiosity of environmentalism is quite engaging.

 It's unbelievable that so many in the world community are so weak in their constitutions (personal, not national) that whether or not Saddam Hussein deserves to live is actually a viable question. Of course it's not. The only punishment short of death that fits Saddam's heinous history is torture, and since we tend to frown upon such activity (though, assuredly, the Iraqis who try him may not frown as big), the only punishment that metes out any justice whatsoever is death. The question is not what Hussein actually did while ruler of Iraq. Those facts are known. For psychological effect and closure for the victims of his despotism, a full trial is necessary. Legally, however, the burden of proof has long ago been carried. What we will effectively have is a sentencing hearing. The aggravating factors are many, and the mitigating factors are few. Insanity, I detect, will not be seen as a palpable defense. Let's just add a little due process to the Romanian and Italian methods of dealing with oppressive rulers.

 I've launched a new blog. Check it out - urlLink http://www.moorethoughts.com !

 I will be visiting friends in Boston until Tuesday. Unless something horrible happens (unlikely) or I get bored (more unlikely), blogging will recommence in full force midday Tuesday. Let us remember what this holiday weekend is all about. Find a servicemember and say "Thank you." I know I will.

 Does anyone care? Or, more importantly, should anyone care? So goes a headline at urlLink MSNBC.com . I go on record saying "I hope so." Back when I was growing up, the cool stuff was actually cool. Harry Potter and Pokemon can't hold a candle to Star Wars and baseball cards. Kids are being softened up enough as it is. Weenie magicians and psychodelic japanimation are not the remedy.

 Consumer urlLink spending went up in April. Additionally, household incomes have increased over the same time last year: Americans' incomes, meanwhile, rose by a strong 0.6 percent in April, marking the largest gain since January 2001. The recovery, well under way, moves strongly forward. Alas, where is this news? Not on the front page of CNN's web site. Nor MSNBC. We'll check back with the newspapers tomorrow. All bets will be taken on tomorrow's placement in the New York Times - though be warned that anything lower than 16A is a sucker's bet.

 urlLink Red alert . Sounds like fun. Good thing I'm flying into Boston this weekend. Terrorists would never, ever think of going near Logan...God help any one of the seven who get near my plane.

 The President comes to town, encounters a urlLink handful of protesters, raises urlLink $1.7 million , and is in town to see an urlLink emergency landing at BNA.

 The GDP for the first quarter of 2004 has been revised up. The economy grew at an annualized urlLink rate of 4.4% in the first quarter, with greater growth expected for the quarter ending in June. So, the ecomomy will have to be off the table for Mons. Kerry, won't it?

 CBS has an online urlLink story about the libertarian threat to Bush's reelection. The whole premise of the article is that the Libertarian candidate will draw a sufficient number of votes from Bush to throw the election to Kerry. I just don't have much faith in the national party structure of the Libertarians. Additionally, Bush is proposing a reduction in domestic spending, which should bring the disenchanted back into the fold in sufficient numbers to make a libertarian electoral coup unlikely. We'll see. Something to consider, but nothing to sweat about.

 This urlLink letter to Andrew Sullivan by a GI just now leaving Iraq is worth a read.

 Bud Adams has expressed his expectation that Eddie George will be urlLink released . Having watched George, and what he's meant to the Titans over his career, it's difficult to think of the team without him. It's true his production has diminished over the last three years. I get a bit misty anytime ESPN Classic shows the Super Bowl against the Rams. Watching the dominance and power of George as he used to be makes for a clear contrast to how he now is. Where he used to plow through three, sometimes four guys, he now falls to the turf. For the future of the team, it's probably the right time for George to go. The Titans are a pass-centered offense now. Steve McNair is the team leader, and he's not going anywhere.

 Not really. But the President is coming to Nashville today, and there was a blurb on Fox just now, citing us as a battleground state (which is news to me... Bush was up double-digits here last I saw), then recalling the 2000 election, calling Al Gore a favorite son! Newsflash - favorite sons don't lose their home states. Al Gore is different...he's more like the prodigal son, without the redemption.

 It appears that Bill Clinton's memoirs will be released urlLink sooner than previously thought. Given Clinton's rather lymphatic approach to deadlines, I am a bit shocked. Of course, with the length of the novel (957 pages), tree supply does become an issue. Let's see if the new deadline holds.

 urlLink Al Gore ...whose side is he on, again? I'm not speaking of honorable dissent. I'm not even speaking of the loyal opposition. What I'm speaking of is outright character assassination, spiced with vitriole and simmered in hatred (Gore's speech inspired me to overextend a metaphor or two). Gore's rant shows us what he is truly made of, and further reinforces the conclusion that we was unfit to be commander-in-chief. Head of Party is perhaps the only presidential role he has a hope of fulfilling, and he can do that quite well from where he currently sits. Let's do some fisking... "an exotic new approach that asserted a unique and unilateral U.S. right to ignore international law ..." Which international law have we ignored? The action in Afghanistan was not preemption. It was retaliation - self defense. The action in Iraq was in effect enforcement of international law, not the ignoring of it. How many resolutions lie irrelevant and dormant until President Bush chose to lead instead of kow-tow (sp?)? "All that is required, in the view of Bush's team is the mere assertion of a possible, future threat - and the assertion need be made by only one person, the President" Here Gore shows his nuanced (because, hey, all Democrats are nuanced) understanding of one of two key principles. First, the one his does not comprehend. it is not the "mere assertion of a possible, future threat" that entitles us to preemption action. It's the seriousness of that threat. If Monaco threatened invasion, we would likely not overthrow the Monaco monarchy. If a man of questionable sanity, who has in the past 1) invaded his neighbors multiple times, 2) attempted to assassinate a past US president, and 3), according to everyone , possesses the most horrific WMD's, and now has a delivery vehicle for them (Al Qaeda), we probably ought to look into it. Second, Al Gore is correct, that all military decisions are made by the Commander-in-Chief. "Dominance is not really a strategic policy or political philosophy at all. It is a seductive illusion that tempts the powerful to satiate their hunger for more power still by striking a Faustian bargain. And as always happens - sooner or later - to those who shake hands with the devil, they find out too late that what they have given up in the bargain is their soul." So, by liberating the entire populations of Afghanistan and Iraq, we have struck a deal with the devil? Given up our soul? Hyperbole soup, anyone? I go on record not wanting to worship the god of Al Gore - a god, apparently, who rejoices in the domination of others souls by brutal dictatorial regimes, who supports the systematic rape, torture and murder of its people. What happened at the prison, it is now clear, was not the result of random acts by "a few bad apples," it was the natural consequence of the Bush Administration policy that has dismantled those wise constraints and has made war on America's checks and balances. Let us return to the taste of that hyperbole soup. Here is what Al Gore is saying. First, George W. Bush has destroyed the essential checks and balances of our Constitution. How, exactly, Gore does not say. But Gore is quite sure that the misconduct at Abu Ghraib is the natural result of the Bush administration's war on those checks and balances. So, would Gore have been happier if Congress had passed a resolution supporting the embarrasment and humiliation of imprisoned Iraqi militia? Of course not. The whole idea, from top to bottom, is utterly silly. The abuse of the prisoners at Abu Ghraib flowed directly from the abuse of the truth that characterized the Administration's march to war and the abuse of the trust that had been placed in President Bush by the American people in the aftermath of September 11th. At least he seems to have forgotten about Florida. There was then, there is now and there would have been regardless of what Bush did, a threat of terrorism that we would have to deal with. But instead of making it better, he has made it infinitely worse. We are less safe because of his policies. He has created more anger and righteous indignation against us as Americans than any leader of our country in the 228 years of our existence as a nation -- because of his attitude of contempt for any person, institution or nation who disagrees with him. Contempt for nations opposing freedom? Or contempt for nations attempting to maintain a multi-billion dollar scheme of money laundering at the expense of oppressed peoples? He does not say. He has exposed Americans abroad and Americans in every U.S. town and city to a greater danger of attack by terrorists because of his arrogance, willfulness, and bungling at stirring up hornet's nests that pose no threat whatsoever to us. And by then insulting the religion and culture and tradition of people in other countries. And by pursuing policies that have resulted in the deaths of thousands of innocent men, women and children, all of it done in our name. Stirring up hornets is, all things equal, a bad thing. However, the hornets who attacked us on September 11, 2001 were not stirred. Unless, of course, the Clinton administration had stirred them, but Clinton was painfully inadequate in his dealings with terrorist threats. The hornets, unstirred, attacked and killed nearly 3,000 people. These must be the hornets Al Gore believes "pose no threat whatsoever to us." I would like to know how many men, women and children we have killed in our unbridled hornet stirring, and how many men, women and children were killed, annually, by Saddam Hussein and the Taliban. The numbers, if we are forced to play a numbers game, are not equal. A recent estimate was that 80,000 people died annually in Iraq under Hussein directly from the regime. American action has saved countless lives. The war plan was incompetent in its rejection of the advice from military professionals and the analysis of the intelligence was incompetent in its conclusion that our soldiers would be welcomed with garlands of flowers and cheering crowds. Thus we would not need to respect the so-called Powell doctrine of overwhelming force. Pick and choose your Iraq news, Mr. Gore, for it is the only way to substantiate your doom and gloom synopsis. The "so-called" Powell doctrine? Is there another name for it? Is it not really a doctrine, or not accredited to Powell? What a disgrace that their families have to hold bake sales to buy discarded Kevlar vests to stuff into the floorboards of the Humvees! Bake sales for body armor. Let's set aside our concerns with veracity for a brief moment. Hasn't this been a staple bumper sticker for liberals for nearly twenty years now? Noting that Vietnam featured a pattern of winning battles while losing the war, Hughes added "unless we ensure that we have coherence in our policy, we will lose strategically." I hope Al Gore got clearance from John F. Kerry about using Vietnam in his speech... But amazingly, even active duty military officers are speaking out against President Bush. For example, the Washington Post quoted an unnamed senior General at the Pentagon as saying, " the current OSD (Office of the Secretary of Defense) refused to listen or adhere to military advice." Rarely if ever in American history have uniformed commanders felt compelled to challenge their commander in chief in public They haven't - it was an anonymous source. And as a direct result of this incompetent plan and inadequate troop strength, young soldiers were put in an untenable position. For example, young reservists assigned to the Iraqi prisons were called up without training or adequate supervision, and were instructed by their superiors to "break down" prisoners in order to prepare them for interrogation. I thought it was because of Bush's single-handed destruction of the checks and balances of the Constitution. Okay - that's all I can stomach. There's still more than 2/3 of the speech left. God help us that more than this man's family supports him. Which, according to Al Gore, for us conservatives must be the devil.

 My lovely wife Sarah won the $25 trivia bucks - family pride easily trumps personal pride. And most importantly, the pizza and beer still ended up free.

 For days, I've been trying to figure out the latest poll numbers on the economy. Over half the people believe the economy is getting worse, despite record growth, plummeting unemployment, and still-low interest rates. The only thing I could point to in order to explain this level of opinion was the high gas prices, which are more visible, and more concrete, than the other indicators. All this pondering, of course, was done in a political light, in an effort to determine what factors would affect voting patterns in the upcoming election. It's possible my pondering may be moot. According to this USA Today article, only urlLink 5% blame Bush for high gas prices. Does this mean that the economy issue this election is going to be a wash? Any thoughts? Is an average economy sufficient to guarantee Bush reelection?

 Al Qaeda urlLink stateside ? I'm not too surprised. Honestly, it's somewhat peculiar we haven't had many, if any, Palestinean-type attacks in our cities. Logistically, such attacks are not difficult to plan. The current warning, however, seems to focus on something bigger.

 I'll be leaving shortly. The Mellow Mushroom offers $25 to whoever wins the NTN Trivia Game tonight. Pride is on the line every Tuesday. It keeps the heart young.

 The topic is generally not framed in such a way, but in all honesty, will always boil down to these two options. Either the Arab world can or cannot produce vibrant, functional democracies. Being the eternal optimist, firmly planted in the plains of reality, I offer that democracy can and will grow in the Middle East. The ultimate caveat, is, of course, that conditions must be right. Instapundit notes a recent urlLink debate on the topic. When I speak of the right conditions for the growth of Arab democracy, I think in terms of who will see it through. The experiment here in America, Europe, and Asia has flourished only after complete societal upheaval. There are various degrees of societal change in each example, but in none was the process easy, smooth and quick. America suffered a horrible economic collapse after a painful and bloody revolution, emerging victorious and democratic only after the most powerful military on earth had been defeated. In the UK, the process was more gradual, but there had been numberous battles over the years, from the cornering of King John, to the effects of Cromwell and the Interregnum, to get to the current parliamentary system now functioning. Germany and Japan were both obliterated, spiritually and physically, before becoming democractic. Eastern Europe's fledgling democracies emerged from over forty years of oppressive, totalitarian rule, and are just now finding their footing. My point, and it is an unfortunate one, is that there must be some sort of complete upheaval in the Middle East, whether governmental or societal, before democracy can exist. In other words, the people must sacrifice and brave death, or the current ruling classes must somehow be removed. Anything short of this would be an historical first. This is not to say that democratic change could not happen in a peaceful way, but the worst possible result would be democracy-in-name-only, where oligarchs and those in positions of influence manipulated the new system for their own gain. This happened some in Eastern Europe after the fall. The worst of the perpetrators, such as Vladimir Meciar in Slovakia, were quickly (i.e. within five years or so) dispatched. Hmm...an add-on point. We've been in Iraq a little over a year. The country is largely intact. Is it at all appropriate that the United States be given a little slack here? I guess the answer to that depends on how much of a partisan you are.

 with a twelve gauge shotgun. That's the closest metaphor I can come up with to describe Andrew Sullivan's urlLink Fisking of the most recent Susan Sontag drivel. I need not go into much detail myself. Sullivan does an expert job of pointing out the intellectual inconsistency and dishonesty of Sontag. If she were nearly as intelligent as she and those of her ilk would like us to believe, such inconsistencies would never surface. But when one spits upon their oath as an academic, preferring to pay only lip service to the seeking of truth, and instead chooses to promote ideological uniformity and revel in juvenile self-praise, one should expect no less. Anytime Sontag publishes, I'm giving Andrew Sullivan the ink-loaded shotgun.

 The debate, er, concerning debates, and who should participate in them, is a urlLink recurrent feature of the American political cycle. More than most countries, America is hardwired as a two-party political system. Over our history those two parties have changed somewhat (remember the Federalists? the Whigs? and more confusingly in today's terms, the Democratic Republicans?), but the system has typically operated with two actors, random occurences and insufficiently popular populist movements not withstanding. It is a fact of American political life that, on the ideological fringes, other parties do exist. Some are mere intellectual clubs, with minimal party structure (the Libertarians), while some are, dare we say, intellectually lacking, with some semblance of a party structure (the Greens). The question is whether these parties actually add anything to the American political discourse. It pains me to say this, as I tend to have domestic libertarian tendencies, but the answer is a resounding "No." This is why. Unlike some national political landscapes, America has functioned for her entire history under the big-tent, two party construct. Today the Democrats tend to occupy the center/left, and the Republicans tend to occupy the center/right. Within each party is a myriad of participants, candidates, and opinions. The parties are multi-issue in nature, and allow for limited dissent from the party line on an issue by issue basis. This political structure actually allows for more of a mixture of opinions, and requires candidates to be multi-faceted. In contrast, third party candidates tend to be single-issue driven, or driven by a very narrow agenda on the ideological fringe of the American electorate. The two-party system allows those who have a primary focus or personal issue to join the fold, but requires of its candidates more depth to increase their electoral appeal. Third parties, and specifically, single issue parties, by definition offer up inferior candidates who are over-focused on a limited set of issues. Either that or the party is so far on the fringe that it is, by definition, unelectable on a national or statewide level. Candidates with unelectable party affiliations should not muddy the waters between two viable candidates. I'll take the Nader-effect, as we had in 2000, because it's just desserts for the Perot effect in 1992. But in general, we'd all be better off if We the People did not have our electoral will thwarted and elections thrown because of fringe candidacies. Debates are designed to exhibit the candidates, their differences, and their fitness for office. They are not held to provide a soapbox to the ideologically and organizationally challenged.

 For those of you who have spent your lives wondering about the origin of the term "in-law," Eugene Volokh has the urlLink scoop today.

 That's right folks - Russia and France have expressed their most nuanced urlLink displeasure at our plan for transferring civilian authority to the Iraqis. To an extent, it's nice to see both nations expressing concern for the welfare of the Iraqi people. It's more than they were able to muster for the last thirteen years. Perhaps no one has told Chirac and Putin that the Oil-for-Food program has been canceled.

 The rankings are out - and, courtesy of urlLink Bill Hobbs , brought to my attention. Gee, we all knew there were some parts of Memphis that weren't that great, but #1046 nationwide for places to live? Sheesh. Williamson was #22 - Nashville jumped in at #417. The complete list is urlLink here .

 It seems the John Kerry campaign believes that a large number of urlLink OpinionJournal.com readers are in fact closet Kerry supporters. That, or the ad is a poor attempt at psychological warfare. Either way, it's a waste of money. Next thing you know Kerry will begin a $10 million ad blitz in Utah. The ads rotate. If you refresh a few times, the Kerry ad ought to come up.

 This is the first, of many, posts in the newly formatted Moore Thoughts blog. A short introduction is in order. My name is Nathan Moore. I am an attorney in Nashville, Tennessee. I am also a Tennessee native, having graduated Vanderbilt University with a degree in economics. I spent some time in our nation's capital, where I obtained my law degree from George Mason University. The goal of this blog, as is of many politically based blogs, is to provide my thoughts, and to hopefully provoke your thoughts about matters of great importance. My beliefs are conservative, or, as I prefer to say, classically liberal. As a matter of full disclosure, I am active in Republican politics and most definitely have an agenda. I think those are sufficient disclaimers - caveat emptor to all who read this blog. I promise not to be too terribly partisan. I see no need to be so. The truth will always bear out, no matter how muddy the water. With that, let the electronic marketplace of ideas accept a new participant.

 All coverage seems very respectful. The exceptions are as follows: BBC's story is horribly slanted. Second, locally, WSMV, the NBC affiliate in Nashville, did NOT cut from Arena Football to cover anything. There was a short blurb from Brian Williams referring viewers to the 10pm news broadcast for more details. Perhaps he should have referred viewers to any other channel. Disgusting. VH1 is at least playing "We are the 80s" - which is closer to coverage than NBC got.

 Opinion Journal has a great urlLink article by one of the Tainanmen Square protest leaders, Wuer Kaixi. It seems that the events there have largely faded from the geopolitical consciousness. The Chinese government that now exists is the heir and continuation of the most efficient, widespread, gargantuan murder machine in the history of the world. We sidestep the issue repeatedly, preferring Chinese cheap labor and the promises of their east coast as a ripe market for Western goods and services. It disgusts me. How can we condemn Nazi Germany, Imperial Japan, and Communist Russia, but sit back and ignore the atrocities and evils of Communist China? The other evil bohemoths have been defeated and cease to exist. The Chinese government still oppresses one fifth of the world's people. The communist government of China is the same one in the late 1950's and 1960's that wanted to lure American forces onto the Chinese mainland to nuke them. This is the same China that lobs missiles over Taiwan on a regular basis. This is the same China that refuses to allow democratic elections. Indeed, no freedom truly exists. Political jailings, rapes, and killings are widespread. The nation of China is not truly a nation. It is a conglomeration of peoples that have been subjugated, similar to the nations that fell under the Soviet Union's umbrella and the satellites of Eastern Europe. If we can't take them on directly, fine. But let's not ignore the obvious. The people under the yoke of Chinese communism are no less deserving of a free life than we in the West.

 The Village Voice has never been know for its exemplification of rationality, its closet conservatism, nor even its respect for those living outside the metropolitan New York area. Apparently, the Red States are subhuman and should wholesale be exterminated. Think I'm exaggerating? Click below. But to urlLink publish this kind of angst, hatred, vitriol, and foolishness? Please. Spare us the melodrama. Republicans want to destroy the planet? We hate all humans? Interestingly, if the part about Republicans not giving a hoot about human beings were true, all us heartless Republicans would have, by very definition, committed suicide already. This kind of utter disgust is obscene on its face. How it gets printed is beyond me.

 I haven't written anything about the downturn in President Reagan's condition. The reason is this: I'm not sure what to say. One of the greatest Americans in history has suffered a long and unfitting end to a brilliant life. We all knew that this time would come. But somewhere, deep down, I've always felt more comfortable about the light of American freedom knowing the Gipper was still with us. He is still with us, in some sense. But the twilight is upon us. As he wrote in 1994, announcing his diagnosis of Alzheimers I now begin the journey that will lead me into the sunset of my life. I know that for America there will always be a bright dawn ahead. I guess that's the answer I need.

 I am glad to see, despite his microlevel speaking issues, that George W. Bush is quite good in the delivery of soaring rhetoric. His speech at Colorado Springs was awesome, as well as his press conference with Silvio Berlusconi. In fact, all his speeches focused on freedom and the ongoing war have been exceptional. This, quite frankly, seems to be because those are subjects he has deep, unwavering convictions about, and he is not an actor, whether that be in the Ronald Reagan or Bill Clinton vein. At once it was thought a liability - I believe it to be his greatest strength. I am curious as to the content of the D-Day address. Oh, how upset will the French be at the inevitable comparison of D-Day and the liberation of Europe and the liberation of Iraq and Afghanistan! It's apt, and accurate, and needs to be said. The French are defensive because they are ashamed - ashamed that their current geopolitical status and desire for future French hegemony (unrealistic as that is) requires a dangerous forgetfulness. They feel the comparison is somehow, I detect, unfair. To be such self-styled sophisticates, it amazes one to consider how childish the French elite view of the world actually has become. The French have always had an overinflated view of their self-importance, but never to the point of such self-destructive behavior. Of course, the French world, and view of it, is much different now than it was twenty, or even ten, years ago. It was almost instantly begrudging, but the French relationship with the United States after World War II existed positively for very high-states reasons. There was some French intransigence and free-riding, such as de Gaulles' pullout from the military arm of NATO, and the refusal to allow Allied use of air space in the bombing of Libya, but there was little doubt as to where allegiances ultimately lied. This is no longer the case. Since the end of the Cold War, the French have turned their attention to more local matters. The rise in influence of the European Union has changed the French goal. No longer is the nation concerned with liberty outside its borders and attacks from without. It has found a way to minimize the size of its operative world, and to once again hold sway over the path of the continent where it had seen its influence and power eroded for most of the last one hundred years. This is an unfortunate limitation, for a culture that has played so significantly in the history of Western Civilization. France has attempted to shrink its world and remove the one factor of being a nation-state it has been dismal at in modern times - military proficiency. America's presence, especially on the anniversary of D-Day, on French soil, reminds the French political aristocracy of this fact - that in the real world outside their overly bloated EU bubble that they are the poster child of impotence and uselessness. Denial is the enemy of true progress. Let George W. Bush remind them of this fact.

 John Kerry proposes to create less jobs than President Bush. The last three months, over 900k jobs have been created. Over a year, that's 4 million jobs, 16 million over another four years. John Kerry, oddly, proposes urlLink 10 million jobs over four years. Ouch!

 Matt Drudge hit on urlLink this Bill Clinton cannot be the VP. Is there anyone at CNN who knows anything about government? policy? I swear, Judy Woodruff must have had a hand in this one. This list is ill-thought anyhow. Anybody can make a list of 50 public figures and put this together. I would like to see Gov. Bredeson go, though. That would make things a lot more interesting here in Tennessee. But Sam Nunn? He wouldn't go anywhere near John Kerry. He has too much respect for the military to run with Kerry.

 All for the better, probably. We have enough trouble with service, range, dropped calls and clarity here in a Western capitalist society. Can you imagine a urlLink cellular phone company run by a communist government? Geeze.

 Fox News is saying that Bob Kerrey is on the short list to replace George Tenet. That's no good. He's shown his true stripes on the 9/11 Commission - whiny and partisan. Surely, almost anyone else should be on the short list but him.

 Just now catching the Soros speech from Thursday. I feel like some real-time, C-SPAN delated fisking. It's unfortunate, both for George Soros and the crowd. He claims we don't care about the Iraqi people because we didn't send in enough troops...interesting assessment, that wouldn't get applause for any other speaker in front of this same group of naive, self-righteous, American hating stooges. Of course, he said it, then followed that we are responsible for the ransacking of Iraqi museums. I really liked George Soros before this. Currency trader extraordinate - geopolitical knave. His simile, that the bubble of the 1990s is apropos to the Bush administration's policies today, is disingenuous. His argument, it seems, is essentially that stability should be achieved above all else. Accordingly, the bubbles are self-correcting. If that is the case, intellectual consistency requires one not being too worried about Bush. Policies will self-correct. Oh, so we've been deceived, and have embarked on a policy in which we cannot succeed...I suppose nukes's in NYC and sarin in San Francisco would be preferred to attempting to succeed. Stifling of dissent? Really? Ashcroft passed the Patriot Act? Congress? Senate? Democrats? Anybody? Bueller??? Abu Ghraib is the moment of truth. Of course, as he then says, that is not what this nation stands for. Very true. Now is where he compares Abu Ghraib to 9/11. The war on terror has claimed more innocents than 9/11??? Oh my - complete sillines, Soros. How many people did the Taliban and Hussein kill annually...that seems not to be considered, at all. It's a net number, not a gross, one-sided number. Soros knows better. He understands finance, which means he understands basic math. Very unfortunate. Now he's arguing that we are pushing Iraq towards civil war because we're not killing enough of the resistance. No response from the crowd. Only because Bush is scared of too many US casualties. Iraq has been an utter disaster. Our military power has diminished? The Hussein government fell in a matter of weeks. Ah, there it goes - our standing in the world is damaged. Predictable. And now he calls for American regime change. Democracy is now disfavored by Soros and the haters, apparently. Key No Applause Line - "The United States is the most powerful nation on earth." I can take no more.

 urlLink 248,000 new jobs created last month, above expectations of 216,000. It gets tiresome saying it, but the question must again be asked - where is that jobless recovery? Not to far, to see considering CNN's version of it. It's still hard to urlLink find a job . This is absurd, and irrelevant. Anecdotal evidence, which contradicts itself, compared with raw numbers. Nothing needs be said. Incidentally, the April jobs numbers were revised significantly upward. CNN only stated that the number incraased. Go to urlLink Fox News , and you can find the actual April revised numbers in a Reuters story. The number of jobs created was raised from 288,000 to 346,000 . CNN did not see fit to note this number. They did note the smaller recalculations from March, which showed another upward revision, from 337,000 to 353,000. In all, 1.4 million jobs since September, over 900,000 in the last three months.

 Check back here for the info. I'll be working from home tomorrow - likely a heavy day of procrastinating blogging.

 Check back here for coverage.

 Check back here for coverage.

 Check back here for coverage.

 Check back here for coverage.

 Much will likely be made of George Tenet's urlLink resignation . The media should take a cue from Shakespeare. It will be much ado about nothing. Tenet has been Director of the CIA for seven years. That's through two administrations. People typically don't stay in jobs like this that long, especially through multiple administrations, and his departure, frankly, just by the averages, is overdue.

 Peggy Noonan, as usual, has done fine work. urlLink Check it out.

 The results from the Citizens Against Government Waste congressional survey are urlLink out . The top rate Congressman from Tennessee is Marsha Blackburn, which shouldn't surprise anyone. Zach Wamp comes in a trailing second. Ahh, to be represented by Jim Cooper. I'm glad he knows more what to do with my money than I do.

 The "Choose Life" Tennessee license plate has made urlLink national news . But is it really unconstitutional? And if it really is, why hasn't the ACLU gone after George Michael and VH1 Classic for pushing the same horrific message? For those who do not know, the Tennessee General Assembly has adopted production of a pro-life license plate, but rejected authorization of a pro-choice plate. In effect, the legislature of Tennessee is making a political statement. It has made such a positivee statement on myriad plates, from jazz in Memphis to Lake Radnor to Vanderbilt University. So what's the problem? What are legislatures supposed to do, but make political statements? Should the pro-choice lobby (I really hate that term - I'm going to do to them what they do to the term "pro-life"), er, the anti-life lobby, be angry that they didn't get a plate? Of course! The proper remedy is to get more anti-life members elected to the legislature, not go whine in federal court that life is "unfair." I'm going to go read the ACLU complaint now. More comments shortly.

 It will be a great day in the Middle East when endorsements such as urlLink this no longer matter.

 Is it self-importantane or obstinance that causes urlLink French officials to say such things: However, French officials hope he will not seek to link too openly the liberation of Europe from Nazi Germany with the US's removal of the dictatorship in Baghdad and Mr Bush's broader war against terrorism. Any such muddying of the historical waters will not endear the US president to his French hosts. Perhaps the President should ask Chirac if De Gaulles' offer is still valid.

 of Cambridge. Boston is always fun. A few notes of note. It's nice to be back in a safe red state. There are a few wackos in Nashville, but I don't think we have a Center for Marxist Education (I wish I had taken a picture) here. The Nashville Peace and Justice Center is similar, but at least out here they try to hide their true intentions. There's no such shame in Cambridge. I kept my eyes peeled and only saw three Kerry for President stickers over the last three days. It's not a scientific poll, but interesting nevertheless. There were actually a bunch of faded Dean stickers around, though. Unsurprising revelation - did not see a single Bush/Cheney sticker. The local press seems convinced, as do the few Bostonians I spoke with, that the Democratic convention is preordained to be an unmitigated disaster. It should be fun. I'm very much looking forward to the fireworks. I am also looking forward to seeing that piece of Soviet-like propaganda called the urlLink Day After Tomorrow . I need to assemble a good group. It sounds like a blast.

 Another Iraqi urlLink assassination . What does this mean? It reaffirms that the opponents of Iraq's democracy are beyond compromise. Instead of making their case at the ballot box, they make it through what amounts to gang-like activity. This is the kind of the thing that happened in Chicago in the 1920s. In Iraq, these kinds of assassinations must be dealt with decisively. Unfortunately, there will likely be more such violence before there is less.

 Israel's decision to remove settlements from Gaza and effectively pull out its military presence has resulted in a) peace b) a new understanding c) renewed committments to terrorist urlLink attacks by Hamas Peace can only be obtained through strength.

 Well, WMD's were urlLink there ...but who will actually know? Looks like we'll have to go into Syria... Remarkably, this report is from the United Nations!

 Daniel Akst hits on urlLink something I often have said. If one has the ability, and the drive, and the skill, one should do something where one can make money. You can do infinitely more good for society with wealth than you can by pursuing a low paying career. I am in no way disparaging those who do choose low paying careers to do good. But if one has the ability to create wealth, one should.

 How much you want to bet urlLink these are members of International A.N.S.W.E.R.? Communists by profession, their belief in hell is surprising and puzzling. Class was never their strong suit. UPDATE: Apparently, these are of the urlLink opposite end of the wacko spectrum. Fred Phelps and his hate in action. Apparently, for their taste, Ronald Reagan wasn't sufficiently intolerant.

 I have been captivated by the ceremony and tribute surrounding the passage of President Reagan. The most emotional part will be tonight. So far it has been moving beyond words.

 The urlLink outpouring in California is a testament to the man Reagan was. This will be, in a way, an amazing week. Let it move the American public to steady ground to face the challenges ahead.

 Don't expect urlLink this to get too much play on the evening news. Bush goes to the UN, again, and gets the resolution he wants, again. The so-called "Security" Council vote was unanimous. But alas, there will be some defect. Let us wait and see. There are a multitude of lead story options for this evening and tomorrow morning's print: 1) Remembering Ronald Reagan 2) Bush succeeds at the UN 3) No real protests at the G8 summit 4) European hostages freed after being held for months 5) Abu Ghraib prison scandal Which will lead where? I wait with bated breath.

 Bill Clinton is urlLink complaining about not being asked to speak at Ronald Reagan's funeral. Is there any class in this man? In all fairness, he didn't make a statement at some well-attended or public event. The only word we have of it is by Drudge. Unfortunately, it's not hard to believe he actually would say something to this effect, being as self-centered as he is. Bill Clinton is Ronald Reagan's antithesis. If there were an American political polar opposite to Ronald Reagan, it would be Bill Clinton. It is entirely appropriate that he not speak at the service if Nancy Reagan requests he not. The whine about a state funeral being funded by public money is the basest of claims that Bill Clinton should be allowed to speak. Someone should tell Bill Clinton he is no longer employed by the federal government (at least, we don't think he is).

 From the blog in Forsythe Park in downtown Savannah: Bret called from Forsyth at 9:56 a.m. The opening parade is a bit of a joke. There are about 12 protesters wearing black scarves over their faces carrying signs. There are probably 100 media, photographers and reporters. The organizers shortened the parade route. Instead of going to the Civil Rights Museum on MLK, they are staying in Forsyth. Meanwhile, on Reynolds Square, a small group of protesters are putting up signs while surrounded by National Guardsmen. This is all called a "nonstory." So, here's a lesson. Do all global events in the South. The protesters know intrinsically that, generally speaking, if you get rambunctuous in Seattle, or out in California, the police will be gentle and slow to resort to force. I don't think the guardsmen and police in Savannah and Brunswick will have that same patience.

 Check it urlLink out . It seems that the protesters got a late start.

 This is urlLink priceless - it's June in south Georgia. Very operative to this tibdit Although only 10 activists were at the Coca-Cola building, the event drew attention of soldiers in camouflage and police stationed at intersections on either side of the demonstration. The security forces stood in the shade while demonstrators, most with bandanas over their faces, stood in the open sun. I don't think these guys would make it long in the wild. Hopefully they were able to go buy a Coke to cool off... This typo by the Savannah Morning News is entertaining: Bennett was also bothered by activists displaying large photos from the Iraq war and from the Glynn County prison scandal. Gee, if we can't handle Glynn County's prisoners correctly, how are we going to be able to handle insurgents in Iraq?

 Dan Flynn, the Savannah Police Chief, is on FNC right now, discussing the G8 Summit. Nothing new, really. Light protests actually on Sea Island, three of them, drew sixty total protesters. Impressive (note: dripping sarcasm).

 Since I grew up in Savannah, I'm watching with great interest how the G8 Summit unfolds. What everyone probably does not know is that Sea Island is a good distance from Savannah. Sea Island is right next to St. Simon's Island, near Jekyll Island, both of which are off the coast near Brunswick. Sea Island, if done in a straight shot, is probably a 90 minute drive from Savannah. Savannah seems to be the preferred place of activity over, say, Brunswick which is much smaller with less hotel capacity, or Jacksonville, which is just as close, which is not nearly as much fun. The G8 have essentially commandeered the entire Coastal Empire. My parents have noted the build of quick fences around government buildings downtown, as well surface-to-air missile batteries along the river downtown. I would suggest the protesters not rent a helicopter. The largest protest thus far has been urlLink thirty , that's right, thirty people and that was in Brunswick, about an hour south. Unworthy of news coverage, one would think. But the Savannah Morning News gives the soapbox to the self-proclaimed "leader" of the protest. Just heard on Fox News that the "free speech zone" is on what amounts to a built-up island sand bar across the Savannah River. I just hope they leave the convention center alone... I'm a little protective. Savannah is one of the most beautiful cities in the country, if not the world. A bunch of prepubescently mature angry children need not trash it. Where do they get the idea that they have more credibility on chaos and destruction than William T. Sherman, anyhow?

 Blogging will be sporadic, at best. The demands of private law practice at times do rear their ugly head. I'll be practicing in four different areas of law today - fun for the entire jurisprudential family. Throw a nonprofit meeting on top of that, and you've got a full day. But as a quick aside, before I head out the door to court, I would be remiss in not noting that the passing of President Reagan is finally settling in. The truth is that sadness is not what the Gipper would have wanted. Reagan's trademark eternal optimisim requires otherwise. People grieve and will view the procession of the next week in a variety of ways through a myriad of emotional perspectives. At least on Friday, I will likely shed a tear or two for the physical loss of a great man. But his spirit lives on through all of us who believe in the power of freedom and the ultimate triumph of those who are free. He defined my generation, greatly influenced those before, and will forever have touched those to come. When you think about it, it's hard not to be joyous. Ronald Reagan was given his time on this earth, and made the absolute most of it. I am thankful.

 Courtesy of urlLink FNC .

 urlLink Here .

 CNN's urlLink reporting on the death of Ronald Reagan.

 Once again, urlLink courtesy of FNC.

 Courtesy of urlLink Fox News .

 One of the greatest urlLink speeches of all time, both in content and delivery.

 Courtesy of urlLink Drudge .

 Worth a urlLink read . Will makes the case, correctly, that we must be vigilant, to save the Reagan legacy from those who would poach it of its triumph over communism. This is true. A lot has already been said on the topic in the last decade or so, but I have a feeling that in the next few years, the historical battle will be in full sway.

 There's nothing that warms the heart more than a man gunning for the most powerful office in the land advancing racial divide and encouraging victimization. Black in prison v. Blacks in college. The truth is urlLink here .

 Putin's urlLink admission that Russian intelligence warned the United States that Iraq had formulated plans under Saddam Hussein to attack American targets should go a long way toward the absolution of the Bush administration's successful removal of Hussein from power. But it won't. It will be ignored. Intellectual honesty requires consistency, or at least a reasonable explanation for inconsistency. The debate about our national security is too important to let slip to what amounts to sloppy and dishonest reporting.

 Walter Shapiro has an urlLink excellent take on Moore's newest abomination.

 "In the coming days we will take the battle from house to house and from street to street with all the means we possess" So urlLink says Iraqi interim defense minister, Hazem Shaalan, in reference to the terrorists killing his people on a daily basis. The talk about martial law is somewhat disconcerting, but considering what martial law is for, not surprising and arguably necessary. For all practical purposes, the country is under American martial law. Monitoring becomes important, though, if the interim government does pursue martial law. On the other hand... The UN, in all its courage, bravery and glory says through its Secretary-General Kofi Annan, United Nations secretary general, said that Iraq was still too dangerous for the UN to return, telling reporters in New York he was "extremely worried" about the security situation on the ground. Annan is so worried, in fact, that he doesn't want to do anything to remedy it. What, again, is the United Nations for?

 I was troubled by many things coming out of the commission yesterday, from the scary reports of complete incompetence during the attacks to the shoddy conclusions about ties between Iraq and al Qaeda. urlLink Andrew McCarthy has performed an exceptional dissection of the final report, to include a thorough debunking of the methodology used in urlLink paragraph 15 , which opponents of the administration have been citing with religious fervor.

 Just when you thought all the cool stuff has been invented, or we're eons from the next generation of technology, you read a story like urlLink this . We're no longer as far from that galaxy, far, far away.

 Peggy Noonan's urlLink second article memorializing the Week of Reagan is up. It is superbly written with vivid, beautiful prose, making it an absolute pleasure to read. If Peggy Noonan writes it, I'm always going to be the first in line to read it.

 I've finally decided what this comes down to - urlLink liberals just hate market forces. The market has told them they are not wanted, and they are having a hard time swallowing the cold, hard truth of rejection. This has been discussed by many, but in the short of it, if you have to buy an infomercial (which is essentially what Air America is, then you are attempting to act above and around market forces. Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity pay no one to air their respective shows - people pay them. That's what's causing liberal skin to crawl all throughout the Air America broadcast zone (which covers the bulk of the mighty island of Manhattan). In fact, they are not wanted, and it hurts their pride. It's ok - they still have all the networks and wire services, plus some cable. They aren't too bad off. It's just the message they propogate.

 I lost a lot of confidence in the FAA re 9/11 today, listening to the testimony before the 9/11 Commission. Things have changed, as in there is definitely protocol for decision-making if a similar situation ever arises. The "analysis paralysis" MO of the FAA in Washington on 9/11 was alarming. When asked whether fighters should be scrambled to intercept UA93, the individual in Washington stammered, hemmed and hawed, which is most alarming with reports there was a bomb on board UA93 and there had already been three attacks by this point. Fortunately, fighters were already in the air after the attack on the Pentagon, so there would have been opportunity to defend the capital if need be. Though the standing order was not to shoot, this order could have been changed in seconds.

 Okay, I guess urlLink this shouldn't surprise me, but Bill Clinton has stated to Dan Rather that he wears his impeachment as a "badge of honor." He somehow concludes that the impeachment vote was an abuse of power. I guess the majority voting for conviction in the Senate are equally as guilty. The president lies under oath and obstructs justice, and it's not his fault. The sociopathic tendencies of this ex-president remain strong. It would be more prejudicial than probative to compare him to other, more substantive, former presidents.

 The Right Nation is well worth reading. We were able to obtain an advance copy and have enjoyed it thoroughly. One of the authors is the American editor for The Economist, and it is especially well-written. An excerpt from it is urlLink here .

 Doesn't urlLink this just bolster the case for privatization of electric utilities in France? If private employees did this, they'd be fired on the spot.

 The Democratic convention is urlLink over budget . How fitting real life can be. Unfortunately for the Dems, the DNC by itself does not have the power to increase your taxes. Someone needs to talk to the Greeks. Apparently, the DNC wormed its way into urlLink planning the Olympics.

 I hope the administration is working some behind-the-scenes strategy to marginalize the influence of Iran in Iraq. The information in this urlLink article does not bode well, especially for the south. It does come down to marketing. There is no question, objectively, that the United States has done more for the people of Iraq than any other nation in its history. But the old maxim "perception is reality" always holds true. It's what the average Iraqi sees on a day-to-day basis that matters. We need to be seen as more than liberators - we need to be seen as builders.

 It's fun, at least for me, to view the commercial re-development of the Iraqi people. This urlLink website , and urlLink here are a couple examples, of many. The true measure of a free people is unbridled commerce. The freedom to retain the profits of one's labor is a prerequisite for a stable and free society. A free market economy in Iraq is the surest way to stability and modernization. Foreign direct investment will be a key indicator as to how Iraq is actually doing. Capital will not flow into an unstable environment. If FDI is high and growing, the immediate future for Iraq will be bright.

 Bush just finished his speech to the soldiers at MacDill AFB. A good speech, which he finished with apparent strength and determination. A standing ovation was the response. Our current President is a true commander-in-chief, who commands the willing respect of our military. I do not think that John Kerry would be viewed in the same light.

 Arkansas Democrats are overly urlLink optimistic . Maybe it's just me, but I can't see a northeastern liberal appealing to conservative electorate of any southern state. Arkansas does not qualify as an exception.

 Nevada seems to be doing urlLink well . Las Vegas businesses are planning on expansion as we speak.

 Seems they intend to urlLink create an Iranian super state.

 Tennessee is on the verge of approving a urlLink new seat belt law . Like most states, law enforcement in Tennessee was unable to pull a driver over for simply not wearing a seat belt. It was always an add-on feature of some other driving illegality. No longer. I'm all for safety, but I'm all for freedom, too. Paternalism is not the chief role of the state, and the state functions better when it limits its scope. In light of all other possible activities law enforcement can pursue, is looking for unbuckled seat belts really that important? Of course not. Freedom has positive and negative consequences. If people are willing to forego the seat belt, they will have to live with the consequences. Same goes for the motorcycle helmet law (I think you're crazt to drive a bike without a helmet, but hey, that should be your decision). The state is overstepping its bounds.

 Paul Krugman caught in more lies...first, his assertions that John Ashcroft has not successfully prosecuted any terrorists is urlLink flat-out wrong . Second, Krugman is effectively debunked by urlLink Donald Luskin at NRO regarding RR.

 This is urlLink interesting . The economy is certainly expanding, and jobs are being created. Funny enough, the region that appears to be the biggest deadweight on the national economy is the West. As of April, here is the unemployment data for each region as divided up by the Department of Labor, according to Census Regions South - 5.0% Northeast - 5.4% Midwest - 5.2% West - 5.8% National Unemployment - 5.6% The economy in most of the country is more than fine - it's never been better. The biggest deadweight appears to be captained by California, which has a 6.2% unemployment rate. Since California is a Republican gift if it happens, but hardly a guarantee, that should cause the GOP minimal concern. For the sake of personal pride, Tennessee currently has a 4.9% unemployment rate, while my longtime home of Georgia is riding high at 3.8%. Want a job? Come to the South!

 urlLink Naturally , Max Cleland lost because those dumb voters in Georgia were tricked by the evil Republicans questioning the former senator's patriotism. From the AP: Cleland, who lost both legs and an arm as an Army captain during the Vietnam War, lost his re-election bid in a bitter campaign against then-Rep. Saxby Chambliss. The GOP had raised questions about Cleland's patriotism because of his position on legislation to create the Department of Homeland Security. Cleland supported the concept behind the department, but insisted that a workers' rights provision be part of the bill. At least it has been admitted, and the standard is clear. Challenging a senator's vote on a piece of legislation is sufficient to amount to a challenge of that senator's patriotism.

 There are few things in the battle of ideas that makes me more gleeful than to find an opponent who has managed to wedge itself into such a position that the only means of escape would require it to gnaw off its own journalistic credibility. For instance, the LA Times trying to explain their urlLink poll showing Kerry trouncing Bush nationally fits this category. It now appears that their much-ballyhooed poll consisted of a sample containing 38% Democrats and 25% Republicans. Who would have thought, with that sampling, that Kerry would enjoy a 7% lead? So, here's the rub. Was the LA Times guilty of bad polling (it already was a registered voter poll, which is typically skewed left) or intentional bias? My first reaction, of course, is bias. Whether intentional or institutional (it is possible that the LA Times believes nationwide that Republicans are that outnumbered by Democrats), the results are intolerable. Publishing a poll like this in the most circulated daily in the state certainly could affect the outcome in California, which, surprisingly, is not yet completely in Kerry's bag. Then again, incompetence is not all that farfetched. We are talking of an industry where the most elite of journalistic sources have published news stories that have been completely fabricated. Journalists operated unchecked, and were allowed to repeatedly author falsehoods and manipulate public opinion by laptop. In short, monkeys on crack would have at least had the inclination to crumple up some of the false stories and throw them back at their authors. So, LA Times, which is it?

 The suit attempting to remove "under God" from the Pledge of Allegiance has been halted on standing grounds. This is where I thought it should have stopped originally anyhow - the Ninth Circuit held true to form, though, making sure that no Constitutional requirements got in their way of making Constitutional law. The reason the Newdow suit even came to me was that he was just now on FNC. I presume his standing fell because he did not have custody of his daughter. It's possible that he isn't even a legal guardian anymore (I beg for advance forgiveness, as family law is not my forte). Point is, he mentioned how disturbing the custody laws are in this country, how they "rip families apart," etc. That begs the question, of course: Is he concerned about custody laws because they muffed up his suit, or does he really want to spend more time around his daughter? Varying motives make for interesting speculation.

 I admit, I have not paid much attention to Noam Chomsky. The little I have read by him has made it clear to me that, short of an exceptionally large amount of time where even my sock drawer is in order, there is little worth in expending one's time reading him. As an intellectual he is an embarassment. He postjusitifies murder on gargantuan scales at every opportunity. Check more urlLink here .

 I guess Michael Moore isn't done urlLink smearing public officials he disagrees with. If the attacks were at least honest, I would have little issue with them. After all, in the arena of ideas, fair is fair. Michael Moore, however, could not be further from fair. Out of context editing, fabricated interviews and conversations, and distorted truths are all common fare in a Michael Moore production. On top of that, there are a sufficient number of naive and/or angry opponents of freedom out there who let him peddle his propoganda tripe as a "documentary," (note to Reuters - a proper use of "scare" quotes) and then give him awards for it! When the truth is negotiable, the debate is pointless. Many say that neither side has a monopoly on the truth. This may be so, but one side does have a de facto monopoly on the truth, and its the side Michael Moore repeatedly attempts to harpoon. UPDATE: Apparently, Michael Moore will urlLink NOT be doing a "documentary" about Tony Blair.

 The urlLink Daschle v. Thune blog is a must read, at least a few times a week. Things are not looking especially promising for Mr. Daschle. On the heels of Thune nearly taking out Tim Johnson last election cycle, the RNC and the GOP in South Dakota is smelling blood. And rightly so. The special election to replace Bill Janklow, who was convicted of manslaughter and forced to resign, has resulted in another Republican victory. Stephanie Herseth has succeeded Janklow. More details urlLink here .

 We need to do more up urlLink there . I speak of Space. The last frontier and there is no vision to reach into it. The solution? We need to commercialize space.

 Well, we all have things we urlLink want . Iran's resistance of IAEA regulation is a fait accompli by Iran. Of course, why would anyone be skeptical of a fundamentalist theocracy, known to sponsor terror and take Western hostages, about their nuclesr program? Iran is truly a problem. A stable Iraq is essential to pushing Iran toward reform and relative stability. A stable Afghanistan would help as well. I just hope the coming stability of both is not too late to prevent harm from the theocrats in Iran.

 Are we sure? Here's what we got. Okay. But seriously, Here it urlLink is . "The bitter differences of the war are over," Bush told a news conference, which was delayed by anti-American protests staged around the lightning U.S.-EU summit in Ireland. But, but (Bush) won little in his search for European military help and took heat over prisoner abuse. I am a Bush supporter to the end. Europe is too burdened with what can only be described as its own institutional irrelevance to assist in Iraq, or elsewhere, for that matter.

 I will probably post another one or two things tonite, but more will come tomorrow. I've had a busy day of fundraisers, and am too tired to sleep yet.

 There is a urlLink politically correct effort afoot in Congress to prevent the US Army from using Israeli made bullets in combat in the Middle East. In short, this is silly, and quite frankly, could only be thought of by one of the myriad clueless lawmakers out of the 435 members of Congress. Bullets are typically used to, well, shudder the thought, Congressman Abercrombie (and the tag-along Republicans on this one), kill people. If we're to kill them, what worth is it to try to avoid offending them? Maybe the Israeli bullets will make Islamist militants spontaneously combust and easier to kill. The argument states a public relations concern with the greater population of the Middle East if word gets out we're using infidel bullets. There may be some validity in that perspective, but overall, it simply feeds into an irrational and hateful attitude held by way too many in the region. The people must get over their anti-Semitic attitudes. We don't tolerate the least hint of racism in the United States, and the worst way it manifests itself now is in parades where there are more protesters than participants, and in a worse case scenario, one loses their job for racial reasons. The former is sad, the latter is actionable under federal and state law. In the Middle East, racism results in death. And not just a little death, but a lot of death. Hamas and Hezbollah have stated aims of killing every Jew in Israel (a little over 6 million). In contrast, the racist organizations in the United States have to cloak their prejudice in symbolic language, and none I can think of nowadays advocate killing minorities. Still, those groups are roundly condemned and ostracized from mainstream society. Racially based death is a mainstream opinion in the Arab world. Why the double standard? The Middle Eastern culture as it currently stands is, in fact, backwards. It is frozen in time, and has no future. The only future it does have, short of Allied involvement, is that of oppression, dictatorship, death, and destruction. We ought not cater to those peoples whose beliefs fuel this backwardness.

 The young and the easily offended should look urlLink away .

 Home sales hit urlLink record highs . Amazing - with all those low paying jobs being created out there, Americans are still scrounging up enough loose change to buy houses at a record pace.

 I'm putting this here for reference purposes. I've overcome my gag reflex when the ill-informed start spouting about "selected, not elected" and the like. My gag reflex returned when a federal judge started screeching. The truth is, the SCOTUS decision did not urlLink matter RE: CALABRESI MATH [Mark R. Levin] Andy, perhaps the good judge needs a lesson in how presidents are actually chosen in our country. Apart from the Electoral College, had the Supreme Court not intervened, Florida Governor Jeb Bush had already certified the Bush electors to the Archivist (he also certified the same electors a second time, incidentally, after the Court ruled). When Congress met to count the electoral votes, the dispute over Florida's electors would likely have been challenged by Democrats in Congress, resulting in the House choosing the president by a majority vote of the state delegations (the Senate would choose the vice president). Twenty-seven of the House delegations were majority Republican, meaning Bush would have been elected by the House under any scenario. Remind me never to bring a case before an appellate panel on which this judge sits.

 Here is the urlLink Drudge story on what Al Gore is about to do. We are all breathless, to be sure AL GORE TO ACCUSE BUSH ADMINISTRATION OF INTENTIONAL DISTORTION ON IRAQ/AL QAEDA TIES IN DC SPEECH THURSDAY Tue Jun 22 2004 17:28:24 ET Washington, DC-- In a major Washington policy address this Thursday, former Vice President Al Gore will accuse the Bush Administration of intentionally misleading the American people by continuing to falsely claim a connection between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda. He will charge that Bush and Cheney have "institutionalized dishonesty as an essential element of their policy process." Gore will also urge the broadcast media to further resist Administration efforts to manipulate and intimidate them, to fearlessly report the fact that there is no Al Qaeda/Saddam collaborative relationship, as the 9/11 Commission staff report has concluded. Gore will also discuss the implications of the Administration's claim to be above the law in ordering the torture of suspects - and their claim that the Commander in Chief's power trumps all other laws. He will call for the Administration to reveal all orders given the military on the treatment of prisoners. Shouldn't he just go away? Al Gore has slowly transformed himself from a sitting vice president and serious presidential candidate to occupying the lighthouse of irrelevance in American politics.

 There's a war going on. Get a load of urlLink this Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa implored all Americans to see the film: "It's important for the American people to understand what has gone on before, what led us to this point, and to see it sort of in this unvarnished presentation by Michael Moore." Unvarnished? I would weigh in with "heavily varnished," but that's just me. And this Dozens of fans greeted Moore outside the theater with applause and shouts of "Go Michael Be sure to pronounce it correctly, Mik - EEl. And this "This movie is slanted - it's a backlash at the president, taking the view that U.S. leadership is incompetent," said Miguel Brown, 22, a production assistant who did not work on the movie. "Moore makes it look like U.S. soldiers in Iraq were thrown into battle straight off the streets. The American army is better than that." Brown is the son of a military officer. Thanks for the clarification. For a second there, I thought that the presumption was that all production assistants worked on this piece of sordid Soviet propaganda.

 And urlLink jailed . The Smoking Gun article speaks of federal prosecution. From a prosecutor's point of view, this may be one of the few incidences where the harsher penalties would come from the states. Sentencing under Virginia's anti-spam legislation would actually be worse. Conspiracy under the Virginia anti-spam statute could reach up to urlLink 20 years . Perhaps because of the statute a conviction under the Virginia law would be harder to prove. This looks as though it could be pursued by prosecutors as a garden-variety conspiracy, though. It shouldn't be terribly difficult to prove intent, knowledge, etc.

 Well, urlLink not really . The Chinese persecute every religion under the sun and they are roundly ignored for what they truly are. Tyranny on the world's largest scale, but no bother. To those out there crying of Bush's persecution of dissent and the trampling of civil rights - please recalibrate.

 urlLink Dwight Lewis is a columnist for Nashville's only major paper, The Tennessean . He irks me for two reasons. First, he spends most of his allotted column space quoting someone else (check out a selection of his columns). If you're going to be a columnist, you ought to write original stuff; and Second, when he doesn't quote someone else, he doesn't spend that extra time doing all that much research. He communicates in a conclusionary manner with hollow cliches and trite false truths. Writing in such an ill-informed manner would make it difficult to get an entry-level job fabricating propaganda for the urlLink KNS . It surely shouldn't allow you to continue your reign of misinformation at a Gannett newspaper. Dwight Lewis is like our local Paul Krugman, but more concerned with race and less creative in his attacks.

 If Justice urlLink gets its way , my urlLink Vonage phone service won't allow me to proceed undetected any longer as I share tall legal tales with my friends across these United States. Perhaps some FBI agents can tap in and I can bore them to sleep for some much deserved rest.

 urlLink Bret Stephens has done a masterful job of undermining the attacks on Bush. An example There are two explanations for all this. One is that Mr. Bush really is as bad as Sid, Al and Paul say: the dumbest, most feckless, most fanatical, most incompetent and most calamitous president the nation has ever known. A second is that Sid, Al and Paul are insane. And he's got the stuff to back it up.

 No, NOT urlLink Lyndie ...

 No kidding, right? It's common knowledge that Saddam tortured and murdered his countrymen. Conservative estimates are that 70,000 died a year in Hussein's Iraq. No, not by Saddam, to urlLink Saddam . Eh? What's that? Is that the world's smallest violin I hear? Here's the real crux of this nonstory "Good health" and "slightly wounded" are marked to indicate Saddam's condition. "Why would he be slightly wounded a month after his arrest?" Rashdan (Saddam's attorney) asked during an interview with CNN. "He's being abused, just like the prisoners of Abu Ghraib were abused." However, the attorney had no proof of any abuse. Yes, CNN - ever so concerned about the health and well-being of one of the most brutal dictators in history while in American custody.

 The Iranian government has some urlLink sense . A puzzling event. I'm still trying to decide whether Iran was seeing how far they could push Britain or whether it was a local commander's decision to hold the UK sailers. It seems, in that it was resolved so quickly, that the holding of the Brits was closer to local incompetence than state policy.

 I just saw a clip from the BBC berzerk interview from Clinton on FNC. He was visibly rattled, as only a rattled man could blame the BBC for having a right-wing bias. Totally unglued.

 Vaclav Havel has a urlLink piece in the Washington Post this morning. Any time this man speaks the free world ought to listen. Havel is one of the most eloquent and enlightened products of the former Eastern Bloc. His focus in the essay today is North Korea and the collective negligence of the world community. We should take heed. One of his observations Shockingly, the U.N. Commission on Human Rights has criticized the North Korean regime for its gross violations of human rights only twice since the commission was founded. Less shocking, but also disturbing, is the fact that the North Korean government has yet to implement any of the commission's recommendations. Of course, this is the same commission that has enjoyed the company of Sudan, Libya and Syria, among others, from an organization that sees problems and urlLink cowardly ignores the hard solutions.

 Fahrenheit 9/11 is urlLink stuck with its "R" rating. It's too bad, too - since we're in the days where the Nazis and the Soviets are no more, the youth of America have yet to be exposed to such blatant propoganda. They are denied yet again, and must now wait for parental approval to get a taste of pure Anti-Americanism, or, to put it in a positive light, to witness the hammer and sickle in action.

 Eastern Europe will continue to be the only urlLink true ally to the United States in the ongoing War on Terror. The contrast between freedom and tyranny is fresh in their minds: Bush got a welcome assurance from the Hungarian leader that his country's troops would stand firm in Iraq. "Our troops will not be removed before their term," (Hungarian Prime Minister) Medgyessy said. This was in response to the beheading of the South Korean national today. Appeasement is not in the vocabulary of those of the former Eastern Bloc. Unfortunately, it's the mantra of Western Europe.

 This shouldn't be news, but John Kerry will actually be urlLink present for a vote in the United States Senate.

 It's a characteristic urlLink landslide for the Gipper. Here's the question: in a Reagan v. Clinton presidential election, would it be more like 1980 or 1984?

 Confirmation urlLink here .

 Teddy bears have taken a new urlLink twist . "Bush Kills Arabs Dead", it says. And this is a true statement. Arabs supporting fanatic Islam and threatening the West have, in fact, been "killed dead". Is this a bad thing? Was killing soldiers fighting for Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan a bad thing? Silliness. I'm glad I have a President that sees the importance in killing those who desire to kill us.

 It appears that the Iranian government intends to fully urlLink persecute the 8 British sailors captured yesterday. Outside of the UK government, I am apparently one of the only people on earth watching this so carefully. Maybe I read the opinion of the UK public wrong. Perhaps they don't care much that Iran has confiscated three boats and eight sailors, where a warning would have sufficed. I hope that is not the case.

 Local press coverage urlLink finally gets around to it. The Davidson County Election Commission (which is the county of Metropolitan Nashville) has had the gauntlet thrown. And the Democrats on the commission are most unhappy about it. A short summary of some of the problems with the voter rolls here in Davidson County - Nearly 8,000 didn't vote in the last decade but remain on the active list, which had 303,000 voters as of May, he said. One person hadn't voted in 34 years, he said, but had repeatedly asked for duplicate voter registration cards. and this Almost 40,000 voters classified as active have not voted or updated their registration records for two consecutive November elections, he said. They, too, should be moved to inactive status, he said. and finally, He also said 300 people were added to the county's voter rolls for the 2000 presidential election, even though they filed after the registration deadline. Chairwoman Betty Nixon, a Democrat, is more unhappy with the presentation of the problem by Lynn Greer, a Republican, than with the substance of the problem (though she does give some lip service to it). Of course, that has been the problem, that no one made any noise about there being a problem. Now that the Republicans, who control nothing on the commission, are making waves, the Democracts are reeling. This is the county where ballot boxes have been found in allegedly secure warehouses days after an election, where streets have been paved on election eve night to garner votes, and where, on occasion, more votes were counted in a precinct than voters existed in that precinct. It's nigh time the Repubs take a stand and demand accountability. And The Tennessean, in fine journalistic fashion, erroneously calls Sharon Wood, a friend of mine and a Republican working in the election commission who has been persecuted in her position, Sandra Wood. Nice.

 I thought that Bill Clinton had done a lot of the behind-the-scenes work in the Senate to avoid conviction after he was impeached. It seems that that duty was entirely delegated to urlLink Tom Daschile .

 urlLink Hitchens has you covered. "Wow" would not serve it justice.

 One small step for commercial suborbital flight, urlLink one giant leap for the infusion of capitalism into space travel. I am glad to see SpaceShipOne work in such a heavily publicized trial-run. This is one case where the symbolism is certainly greater than the substance. The technology is not all that earth shattering. Scaled Composites has designed a hybrid fueling system for the ship, which is more stable chemically and greatly eases the need for expensive and complex refueling procedures. The truly earth shattering aspect of this flight is the breaking of a government monopoly on human space travel. The benefits of such a breakthrough are impossible to minimalize, though many will try.

 Iran has done something incredibly urlLink stupid . The British people have, to put in the best possible light, been on the fence, undecided, and at times (to include now), completely hostile, to UK involvement in Iraq. Present realities aside, British history was largely driven, and the empire maintained, by English seapower. That pride has been slapped in the face by Iranian gunboats. I may be making too much of this, but this incident may do more to embolden the British citizenry to see things through.

 FoxNews.com has a breaking news flash on their website announcing that Iran has seized three British warships, but there are no details, and nothing at all on the cable channel, either FNC or CNN. Either this is a mistake, or Fox is overplaying the news with a catchy tagline. It would be odd for such big news to be first announced on a website. UPDATE Not urlLink warships , per se, as the report is only that eight UK soldiers/sailers were captured, but still a problem, and if true, Iran has shown its intentions to do more than simply amass troops on the southern Iraqi border.

 When criticizing the United States, its values, and its policies, let those at the New York Times and its brethern consider the urlLink alternative . If this were a crime, there would be a lot of grand jury action, "publishing false news that saps the morale of the nation".

 What would this blog be without pointing everyone to the Carnival of the Capitalists? Check it out urlLink here .

 Bush is having enough Democratic trouble with federal judicial appointments, then urlLink this comes up. Four years of practice with no license certainly qualifies as an oversight, and is likely something so simple that those vetting Thomas Griffith didn't even think to look. Unfortunately for Griffith, it brings into question one's judgment. Overall, this is not completely disqualifying, but in my view the professional backgrounds of federal judges ought to be impeccable.

 MooreThoughts.com is getting a facelift. Comments and questions are appreciated!

 I knew NASA had problems, but this urlLink report on the International Space Station is, well, alarming.

 And he is hated because he tried to change things - not because he besmirched the respectability of the Office of the Presidency.

 In terms of nicknames, he hates "Slick Willy" the most, claiming no one could say he didn't stand for anything. Shocking.

 Retief Goosen urlLink wins the US Open. My sentamentalism demands I root for Phil Mickelson whenever possible. The course ended up being really tough (the religious watering of the seventh green being one of many problems - it would have taken a urlLink Wi-Fi irrigation network to fairly coordinate the watering of all the greens), and the best man won.

 Private urlLink spaceflight is the key to the further expansion and exploration of our humanity. From the beginning of history, our species has had an insatiable desire to explore. Pioneerism is innate in us and has suffered a setback by regulation as of late. Government is no longer a prerequisite for successful space flight, and stands in the way of the potential exploitation of Space for the benefit of mankind. Initially, space flight was too capital intensive and too risky for anyone but a government entity to embark upon it. Now, the situation is different. The science required to get into orbit is now general knowledge. Mistakes have been made, and risks can now be properly assessed. We should encourage private space flight - perhaps tax credits are in order...

 urlLink Instapundit notes that there are no reader comments yet on the Clinton book. And there won't be, for quite some time. It's going to take a few months just to get through the introduction. Anyone who posts anything in the next few weeks I will necessarily have to view with skepticism. With the urlLink scathing review of the book from the NYT, a historically reliable Clinton ally, I'm going to be extra skeptical of any positive spin anywhere.

 From the urlLink Christian Science Monitor . It appears the confrontation between Iran and Britain is not quote over.

 Cassini is beaming volumes of data back to earth on the features of Saturn's moon Titan. More is urlLink here .

 urlLink Instapundit has a good commentary on the vilification of fireworks and the subsequent societal reversal. The picture he posts is a place of great familiarity, near the Georgia border on I-24. If things go as planned, there will be much bright and loud gunpowder fired off in a variety of ways by the Moore household tomorrow night. If there is no blogging on Monday, blame the Nanny State for not being paternal enough. Please write a letter on my behalf.

 US troops urlLink find explosives and cash in southern Iraq.

 Just across the wire. UPDATE: Apparently urlLink not - it seems the animals' own web site has been hacked, or is just poorly maintained. More updates to follow.

 Of course, it's not urlLink news , because it's not bad for the Bush administration.

 No other word can so aptly convey how one gets to what really matters and how events ought be defined. Without perspective, one's world view is meaningless and should be treated as such. urlLink Karl Zinsmeister has a great article on just that. The difference between civilizations that triumph and civilizations that surrender is often simply a matter of keeping your determination and fighting spirit intact through the down days. So true.

 No, not here, in urlLink China . For all those out there howling (my new favorite word) about the loss of freedom we as Americans have experienced as a result of the War on Terror, I again urge a recalibration. True restrictions in one's freedom exist elsewhere. I'm much more of a substantive and economic due process guy. But even that, as compromised as it has been in the United States since the complete collapse of urlLink Lochner , is even more restricted in communist China.

 And yes, they know what is best for you, urlLink too . Germany, who, understandably, is hesitant when it comes to state run executions, has called on Iraq to, in a summary of words, be more democratic and re-abolish the death penalty. Okay, when did Germany have anything to do with Iraq? Who are these people again? Let's refer to a nation that actually had more of an impact than Germany in freeing Iraq, Latvia Latvian Foreign Ministry spokesman Rets Plesums said that whatever happens to Saddam after his trial is a matter of concern for Iraq  not the Baltic state. "We are hoping that the new Iraqi courts will conduct the trial as fairly as possible, but I don't think our government will offer an opinion about what happens to Saddam Hussein," he said. "It's not our business." Latvia, a recent newcomer also to NATO (news - web sites), ardently backed the U.S.-led invasion and contributed more than 100 soldiers to the coalition after fighting ended last year. At least Latvia sent troops, and still understands the need for self-determination (so odd, that only the former communist counties seem to fully grasp such things). Oh wait, and then there's Poland Poland, another supporter of the war, offered a similar view. Poland just decided to extend its troop deployment of 2,400 soldiers in Iraq until Dec. 31. "Our reaction is obvious. This is a sovereign decision of an independent court and of the Iraqis themselves," said Boguslaw Majewski, spokesman for Poland's Foreign Ministry. They sent troops too, and are currently responsible for security in a southern district in Iraq. Germany and France - no one needs them.

 Jarvis and urlLink Instapundit are, I think, jumping overboard on urlLink this . As someone who has been involved in efforts both political and nonpolitical involving volunteers, there's no substitute for additional paid help. You augment your efforts with paid help - you don't replace your volunteers with paid help. Both the political parties do it. The Dems just have a longer history of it. Anyone who has worked with volunteers in anything understand the different problems that arise that cannot be remedied with paid help. If you're paying someone, the threat of termination is always there. If they're working for free, well, you can't just fire them. They'll find something else to work on, because what they're doing is not their job. Just like taxes - if you want to pay more of your money to the government, no one is stopping you. Likewise, if you want to work for a campaign for free, no one is stopping you.

 Not quite. Though an urlLink errant drafting of a new statute made it seem that the Commonwealth was well on its way to a socialist worker's paradise. The law compelled Virginia employers to give their employees at least one day of the weekend off upon request. A state judge has urlLink blocked the law.

 Rural voters urlLink beware - John Kerry is coming to your town. And don't worry about your gun rights, because "We will do things to make sure people understand that guns should not be an issue because John Kerry is a sportsman, a hunter," said Mr. Norris, who helped Mr. Kerry win the Iowa caucuses earlier this year. He's a hunter? I've seen him ride a snowboard, so I guess that qualifies him as a sportsman. Never seen him shoot anything. And this is a laughable stretch While Mr. Kerry has supported some "gun safety" issues like the ban on assault weapons, the Kerry campaign says, the candidate is firmly committed to protecting the Second Amendment. Firmly committed? One thing you can't say about rural voters is that they're gullible. The Kerry campaign, apparently, thinks they'll buy his lines hook, er, line, and sinker.

 John Kerry has unveiled yet another urlLink theme . Since the Vietnam thing isn't working so well, and the economy continues to boom, the senator must search for yet another campaign message. This time, it's values. And I don't think he's talking about the valuation of his wife's now-known billion dollar fortune. Let's see how this one takes. As long as he can't figure out how to best communicate his "ideas" to the American people, I remained unconcerned about November.

 urlLink Always think carefully before accepting that sweet dessert from that neighbor down the street.

 According to this urlLink piece by Hamza Hendawi, prosecuting Saddam Hussein publicly, and allowing the people to show his "defiant spirit", will make things harder on the new Iraqi government. I don't buy it. Only by conquering the spirit of the delusional former dictator will the Iraqis show their mettle. The former Baathists are always going to pine for the days of Saddam, and their days are numbered.

 John Kerry will urlLink announce to the world his selection for vice president by email . The strategy continues - Keep Kerry in the Closet (KKC).

 urlLink Michael Williams has an interesting take, which appears to be generally agreeable with common sense and my daily observations.

 For a relatively new blog, the readership is rather high. Without qualification, it's encouraging, and is pushing me to find more interesting posts and post more frequently (as much as a litigator's time allows him to post, that is). If you like the blog, tell your friends. Email the link. Buy a billboard. In short, follow your spirit. All kidding aside - thanks for taking the time. And be sure to have a great Independence Day weekend. More blogging to follow.

 The United States Navy is urlLink planning drills in the South Pacific, near to China and within striking distance of the mainland. This should do something to remind the Chinese precisely where they fit into the geopolitical order of things. It should also assuage Taiwan's fears that, if the Chinese strike, we would back down. Fittingly, the urlLink USS Reagan will be one among the exercise.

 Anyone who thinks that freedom and democracy are easy, or should be, is delusional. Freedom and democracy is hard. Taking responsibility, and earning the right to take on that responsibility, is difficult. Daniel Henninger gets it urlLink here . For all the criticism of the effort in Iraq, America's transition was as difficult, if not more so. The post-colonial economy was in a state of depression into the 19th century. Inflation was a problem, and the second round with Great Britain almost didn't go so well.

 The urlLink space elevator is getting some serious consideration, and once built, will revolutionize human use of space and lower the cost of traveling to the moon, and further, beyond Earth's orbit. We aren't that far away.

 urlLink 112,000 payroll jobs were created in June. The growth is less than expected, but still positive. I still have the suspicious feeling that we are undercounting employment growth. The payroll number undercounts those who start their own business and undercounts small businesses who increase their hires. The focus on larger employers misses the vast majority of the economy, and does not reflect the individualism enabled by various advents in technology and the emergence of small business servicing firms. The move towards entrepreneurship is consistent with other economic growth numbers, from raw GDP growth to new housing starts and durable goods sales growth. Just a thought.

 Check it out urlLink here .

 In an effort to urlLink stymie the Hong Kong democratic movement, Chinese authorities have turned to the condoscending. Apparently, the touring of Buddha's finger, considered a religious relic, was supposed to calm the move for democracy in the formerly free province of currently communist China. Here's this from the Zhang Qiyue, a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry Hong Kong's political system gives its citizens "real and unprecedented democracy." to be contrasted with this Worried about the march, China ruled in April that Hong Kong citizens cannot directly choose their next leader in 2007 or all lawmakers in 2008. Reconcile.

 OK, she just don't look urlLink right . Click on the picture.

 That's the amount the urlLink Heritage Foundation estimates Saddam Hussein was able to skim off the top of the UN Oil-for-Saddam Program. Shocking. Shocking even more that no one is making a huge stink about this. Kofi Annan should be frightened at the outrage, but alas, the ideologically blind have no outrage. Hatred for George W. Bush is so petty. There is so much more that deserves disgust, yet something as obvious and utterly repulsive as this assisted pillaging of the Iraqi people goes without much more than a slight comment. Come on people. Heads should roll for this. UPDATE More heads should urlLink roll . Geeze.

 Jacob Levy seems to be close to urlLink abandoning George W. Bush. Being a rather logical fellow in most instances, this approach by Levy flusters me. An excerpt I know a lot of Libertarians are leaning Democratic this year because they oppose the Iraq War. I'm leaning that way in part because I supported it, and thought it was a truly important project. Some combination, or some complicated interaction, of terrible incompetence; an absolute prioritization of political over policy considerations; and a serious contempt for outside, contrary, disinterested, or expert opinion have made a serious mess of Iraq, trade policy, fiscal policy, and much else besides. The enemy of excellence is perfection. Certainly, as we operate in a two-party system, one must take the good with the bad when voting for a major party candidate. To vote for anyone other than a major party candidate is to throw the election through inaction, and is not affirmatively helping to decide the outcome. The truth is, in a historic perspective, Iraq is not a mess. If political considerations were tantamount to Bush, he would never have gone into Iraq to begin with. He has staked his entire presidency on the war in Iraq. A huge gamble, to be sure, and largely an unnecessary one. Levy's preference to a more intellectual administration is, whether he believes it to be or not, a pining for the return of a Clintonesque set of policies and policy decision-making, where analysis was preferred over decisive action, and where paralysis set in where decisive action was required. I'm not happy with the steel tariffs either, which amounted to nothing more than a cheap political ploy. But once again, perfection is not the goal. The foreign policy is working. It's just not pretty while in process.

 urlLink Agoraphilia comments on the plausibility of the Roe Effect. For an explanation of the Roe Effect, as coined by James Taranto, click urlLink here .

 Not quite, but enough, as Eugene Volokh notes, to chuckle a bit. Justice Breyer was indeed present at the forum where Federal District Court Judge Calabresi's made his rather importune comments. Volokh has it urlLink here . The direct link to Breyer's response to Congressional complaints about Judge Calabresi's comments are urlLink here .

 urlLink This should tell you all you need to know.

 Clarence Thomas, has, from time to time, come under criticism for following the lead of Antonin Scalia on the high court one more then one occasion. urlLink Will Baude of The New Republic partially debunks this notion, at least with some good recent examples. While true that the two vote together more often than not on cases, the fact that Thomas maintains a healthy amount of concurring and dissenting opinions proves his independence. If anyone has done an actual study (and I'm sure someone has) as to the number of agreed decisions, separate dissents and concurrences, etc. between the two justices it would interesting to look at.

 The first publisher's statement, urlLink here .

 Saddam Hussein in urlLink federal district court . I vote for the Eastern District of Virginia.

 The space probe Cassini has successfully set up shop in Saturn's orbit. The most detailed pictures of the planets rings ever shot should be available shortly. For continued and comprehensive coverage of the Cassini mission, go to the urlLink Cassini page on urlLink Space.com . UPDATE Any urlLink problems communicating with Cassini will be blamed on Earth, not Saturn! UPDATE urlLink Cassini pics straight from NASA

 No, not me - that other scoundrel debasing my name across the globe. Courtesy of urlLink Instapundit , urlLink David Brooks slaps Michael Moore around by quoting him (in context), which is more of a courtesy than Michael Moore gives his subjects. OK, I'm just a little tired of posting about Michael Moore. I continue to do it, as if there is some disorder I'm suffering compelling me to address the innane comments of an assinine man. Some things he says just cannot be let go, and when someone nails him on them, I feel it's necessary to direct people to the appropriate Fisking. As it is with Brooks today. I will attempt to focus on other things, but I've never seen such a peddler of lies garner so much popular acclaim and national attention. He's a two-bit scheister, who knows little, and demonstrates the cavernous depths of his dark mind at every opportunity. His agenda is negative - he stands for nothing but the absence of America. For the rational among us, he has spoken, and has removed all doubt. Okay, time to talk about something else.

 The former dictator of Iraq, urlLink confused and defiant , was presented with charges against him today in Baghdad. Arraignment will come later. Surprisingly, no bond was set. Closure is on its way to the Iraqi people. Delusion, however, seems to be Hussein's most striking trait these days Arab TV station Al Jazeera reported that Saddam did not want to be in court without a lawyer and did not want to sign any papers without his lawyer present. He said he wanted to be addressed as the president of Iraq, not the former president of Iraq. Reality has not quite set in for the erstwhile tyrant. He's lucky he's called by any title that can be repeated in front of children.

 Scant on details, but urlLink Drudge has some lead on a reported plot to attack the Panama Canal. Leonel Sauceda confirmed Security Minister Oscar Alvarez's comments to local media that the 38-year-old suspect -- identified as Adnan Guishar El Shukrijumah, or Jafar al-Tayar, who was in Honduras late last month -- "planned to plant explosives in the Panama Canal to hamper boat traffic in the area." Four percent of the world's shipping goes through the canal. It sounds like a small number, but the economic ripple effect would be felt worldwide.

 urlLink Interesting if accurate as reported. Very telling of Iranian intentions, as well.

 The death penalty will be urlLink sought . Good.

 I think we should just go ahead with it - put a multi-pointy little hat on the man with the respective number of bells, dress him up in a jumpsuit adorned with all sorts of bright colors, hammers, sickles, and the like, and send him on the next Osmond tour. That's how serious Paul Krugman actually deserves to be treated. But here in the blogosphere, serious discourse must rule the day. The latest Krugman column is urlLink here (link requires registration). The former Enron advisor purports to tell us all how we lost Iraq. Lost Iraq? figures on insurgent attacks and civilian casualties show a security situation that got progressively worse, not better; Yes, see, Saddam Hussein was better because he provided "security." And, oh my, there is more Defenders of the administration will no doubt say that Christian Aid and other critics have no proof that the unaccounted-for billions were ill spent. But think of it this way: given the Arab world's suspicion that we came to steal Iraq's oil, the occupation authorities had every incentive to expedite an independent audit that would clear Halliburton and other U.S. corporations of charges that they were profiteering at Iraq's expense. Unless, that is, the charges are true. Ahh...Halliburton, profiteering, bad, feeling feverish, no longer coherent...I think it was your theory, Mr. Krugman, along with the rest of the far left, that we were there only for the oil. But since we didn't actually take the oil, Halliburton must be profiteering. In no way is it possible that NONE OF THIS IS HAPPENING! On the heels of the fact that none of this is happening, Krugman is simply more convinced that it is. The Iraqis didn't get any benefit from the oil anyhow before we got there. Thanks to Saddam Hussein, the United Nations, and Russian, German and French "cronies", to borrow a moniker so casually thrown about, billions of dollars of oil revenues earmarked to feed the Iraqi people never got there. To put things in perspective, check out my post below on the successes and progress in Iraq relative to other rebuilding projects the American democracy machine has undertaken. Of course, I'm sure someone made money in Germany in 1945, too. Maybe Krugman will write a scathing column about Harry Truman and his friends in Missouri soon. UPDATE urlLink Halliburton shows its favor with the Bush administration by losing money.

 For those who are, well, educated about the past, it is plain on the face of things that the handover and rebuilding of Iraq is going exceptionally well. Anytime one attempts to recusitate a grayed and dying civilization from the depths of tyrannical rule, roadblocks, complications, and resistance from those who were once in power are always going to occur. Our nearest temporal example to such an effort is the occupation, rebuilding, and establishment of democratic systems in Japan and Germany post-World War II. The transition there was extraordinarily difficult. The fact is, the infrastructure in Iraq is now better than it was when Iraq was ruled by Saddam Hussein, the economy exists and is growing, the schools are reopened, and the people are, most importantly, free. Here is what the United States has done. The Baathist government of Iraq collapsed within three weeks of the American invasion, and have managed to pull together an Iraqi civilian government and transfer power to that government, all within 14 months of invasion, with a total casualty count of just over 1000, most of which occurred after victory in the war. This is one of the greatest accomplishments in the history of mankind and modern warfare. To minimalize it, to even, in some extremes, to mock it, is to trivialize a great accomplishment and to show a certain flair for the assinine. urlLink More is discussed here. Courtesy of urlLink Bill Hobbs .

 Just on Fox and Friends. I'm not sure what airline they were from....I couldn't tell. Sung to the tune of "Floating Down the River" with the words "Trying to Make a Difference." UPDATE I have been told this is a weird entry. It is. That is why I posted it. The senator was in some airport somewhere, and there were some melodic flight attendants signing - at least that's what it looked like.

 Check out this urlLink exchange between Benjamin At and Noam Chomsky. Apparently Mr. Chomsky considers "howler" to only coming from frothing mouths.

 urlLink Legal custody of Saddam Hussein has been handed over to the new Iraqi government. Justice is on the horizon. There is no doubt in my mind that now-free Iraqis will deal realistically with Saddam Hussein, and will conduct a trial that will provide much closure for the Iraqi people. Critics would howl if the United States put Saddam to death - we would at least use a needle to execute him, and it would be in private. I'm looking more forward to the public example of Saddam, when his bloated, disgusting form is swaying in the gentle breeze of the gallows of Baghdad after a fair and open trial by his countrymen.

 This is urlLink worse : (Nicholson) Baker's new novel, Checkpoint, features two characters who spend much of its 115 pages discussing how to assassinate President George Bush. They don't actually do the deed, or even attempt it, but the book is - according to early snippets - replete with deep-seated anger and elegantly nasty epithets hurled at both the President and his cabinet. Is there anything left to say?

 Bill Cisco is on his way. His show is fantastic, and he's getting the coverage he deserves. Check out this article urlLink here , and be sure to catch him nightly from 9pm to midnight on urlLink 1510 WLAC .

 Check it out urlLink here . To a point, the polls right now are more academic than practical. The true political landscape will not be fully formed until after the respective convention bumps. After the conventions, the numbers will matter. There's a long time yet. No need to worry - Kerry hasn't found his self-destruct button yet.

 It seems that Jacques Chirac has urlLink select undergarments of his in a wad Chirac said on Monday that Bush should not comment on Turkey's EU entry hopes as EU affairs were none of his business. "If President Bush really said that the way I read it, well, not only did he go too far but he went into a domain which is not his own," Chirac told reporters at the summit. "It is like me trying to tell the United States how it should manage its relations with Mexico," he added. Ahh, the French. It's still so cute - they think they actually have influence as far away as Mexico. The French government is lucky to have influence outside France. The difference, of course, between reality and Jacques Chirac is that the United States does in fact have influence in Europe, and especially in Eastern Europe. If the French weren't such xenophobes, the thought of Turkey entering the EU would not be all that extreme an idea, and Chirac would not have his slip in a wad. What makes the French position all the more absurd is that the other major members of the EU, to include the UK and Germany, are for Turkish inclusion in the union. UPDATE urlLink Bill Hobbs notes a similar absurdity, as does urlLink George Miller .

 Courtesy of ABC's urlLink The Note Moore roused his silent audience with entireties to get out the vote, pleas not to vote (again) for Ralph Nader, and suggestions to Senator Kerry and his campaign, including this one: "The election is Kerry's to lose. I've never spoken to the man, I've never spoken to anybody in his campaign  But do not spend the next four months moving to the right  The hawks have a candidate." (Later in the call Moore did admit to speaking to Alexandra Kerry, who has of course worked with the campaign  ) He's like a larger, less likeable, but less automated version of Al Gore.

 It depends on how much the Democratic convention completely disrupts life as Bostonians know it. They are dangerously close to doing just that. There is an urlLink even split as to whether residents want the convention coming to their town. Forty-eight percent of Greater Boston residents now call the convention a bad idea - a number that shoots up to 57 percent among frequent commuters. In the same Boston area, 69 percent of those who said the convention is a bad idea cite traffic and massive highway closures as the reason. There is a partisan split, however, with 53 percent of Democrats statewide boosting the convention and 51 percent of Republicans bashing it, the poll found. This should be fun.

 We're all the urlLink closer to more rational neighbors in the Great White North. The election returns are in, and the Liberals are no longer a clear majority in the Canadian parliament. The Conservatives gained 26 seats, but with 99, are still another good return away from the Liberals' 135. At least the momentum has been corrected. One more election, and perhaps we can regain and revitalize what was once a positive and productive relationship with a trustworthy and stalwart ally.

 The latest urlLink CBC poll is, in a word, useless. It surveys registered voters, not likely voters, which skews the results left. Look at voter turnout every presidential election and tell me how any poll taking into account all registered voters isn't worth the paper a Saddam Hussein Dinar is printed on. Toss it.

 Ronald Reagan was treated so much better now than he was then. Check out an interesting summary of contemporaneous news reports from the 1980s urlLink here . Dave Kopel comes through again.

 urlLink Dave Kopel has an urlLink intriguing article on the standing of Ronald Reagan in history.

 Courtesy of urlLink Instapundit , it appears that the whackos in Iran are a little shaky in their handling of fissionable material. "Concern" is a mild way to put it.

 The session is almost at an end. urlLink LegalTheory Blog is on top of things, as usual.

 Check out urlLink SCOTUSBlog for all the updates from the high court.

 Not me - Michael Moore (though I'm certain there are more than a few Democrats out there who would be against me). Former NYC mayor Ed Koch urlLink weighs in .

 Wendell Cox and Joshua Utt of the Heritage Foundation have authored a well-thought out and interesting take on the fallacies used to advance the cause against urban sprawl. I always was skeptical of some of the arguments against urban sprawl. My opposition to urban sprawl is rather superficial. I just think cities with large and vibrant downtowns are more fun, and are more apt to add personality beyond the chain restaurants and chain retail stores characteristic of suburbia. Check it out urlLink here .

 No, we're not talking about the newest brand of suicide bomber. urlLink This is a good article on the prospects and real consequences of Iran entering the nuclear club under its current fanatical leadership.

 I have some work to do, but will likely take some time out to opine this evening. The day has been a busy one. Got a few default judgments this morning, and have been working on another suit and demand letter this afternoon. I have some work to do tonight, but not too terribly much. The Fallon Tallent trial is on Newschannel 4 right now. She has taken the stand. It looks to be a slow, meandering train wreck. For basic info on the Tallent trial, check urlLink here .

 The numbers just keep on coming. Consumer demand is through the roof, and inventories are being depleted. Minor inflationary concerns are possible, but the big story is that American productive capacity will expand, and that the volume of goods and services produced is exploding. Hat tip urlLink HobbsOnline . And now, a personal aside to Senator John F. Kerry... I congratulate you, Senator, on not limiting your pessimism to the prospects of the American people. It is clear that pessimism is not just a choice of personas, but instead is the lifeblood of your being. In short, your pessimism has finally paid dividends. With the economy booming, you made the right decision not resigning from the Senate while you run for president. Most people find jobs when the economiy is booming - ironically, John Kerry would have been in danger of losing his.

 The urlLink early handover of power in Iraq was a brilliant stroke. Though low key, it was incident free, and that is an important symbolic victory. With a sense of tempered optimism, I would expect, however, there to be a great onslaught by the insurgents within the next forty-eight hours. Certainly something was planned to disrupt the handover, and it would be surprising if the plans were not followed through, for nothing else but to satiate the appetite of these animals for death and destruction.

 Bill Cisco, my friend and a talented talk show host, will start the 9pm to 12am timeslot on WLAC 1510 here in Nashville. He currently does a once-a-week talk show on Sunday at noon. Bill will keep that one going to, but will add the weekday show. In short, he's going to be busy. Check out his show - it's good stuff. You can listen online urlLink here .

 The Tennessean had favorable coverage of the anniversary / fundraiser for urlLink Tennessee Tax Revolt . It was a good event. Sarah and I were there. We co-sponsored the event, and I spoke briefly as the Tennessee Young Republican representative, though I was certainly eclipsed by the presence of the incomparable Congressman Marsha Blackburn, Steve Gill, and Phil Valentine, among others. For those not from Tennessee, Tennessee Tax Revolt is an organization of citizens who have banded together and fought back a state income tax on numerous occasions. They are, without exception, democracy in action. And you know, it works.

 Worth taking a urlLink look . The ad is done well, I think, by the Progress for America Voter Fund (a group I'm not terribly familiar with, but they seem well allied).

 According to urlLink Debkafile , there is some intelligence, coming from somewhere, tipping our forces in Iraq off to potential chemical attacks. Take it for what it's worth. Sometimes what Debka digs up happens, and sometimes it doesn't. Their information sources are rather cryptic, but they've been accurate on enough things to make it worth paying attention.

 If urlLink this turns out to be true, the question and the tone of the debate regarding WMDs will necessarily change. We're now to the point where there are many asking whether WMD's existed (there are many asking this, but no one writing on this blog has asked). More attacks like this will change the general query back to the pre-war mode: not if WMD's exist, but where they are at. If there's a cache somewhere near Baghdad, it must be found. Hat tip urlLink Econopundit .

 The primacy of the jury has been further affirmed this past week. The repercussions of the decision handed down last Thursday by the SCOTUS, Blakely v. Washington , will be felt nationwide. urlLink How Appealing has a good litany of easy-to-read articles on the subject. The actual opinion can be found urlLink here . I just got around to reading the opinion today, but have not yet read the dissents. I, along with thousands of other criminal attorneys, are rethinking some strategies in relation to our state sentencing guildines. Tennessee is one of the states that will indeed feel the effects of Blakely . In a nutshell, judges can no longer enhance sentences on facts not found by a jury. How this applies to sentencing hearings is not quite clear, but seems to require a jury to determine the existence of enhancing factors unless the jury is waived by the defendant. In the majority opinion, Scalia did confirm that defendants could waive the jury aspect to sentencing, just as they can opt for a bench trial. In short, it adds additional chips to the plea bargain process and in the end will be good for defendants, and shift the burden more to the state (where it belongs, and where too often judges tend to attempt to shift the burden back to the defendant). Additionally, all findings of fact relating to sentence enhancement must be found beyond a reasonable doubt. Indictments will be affected as well. I will blog more on the subject as the practical effects of Blakely become clearer.

 Check out the information urlLink here . There is a movement afoot to repopulate the library of Baghdad University. Certainly something worthy of pursuing.

 I just ran across urlLink this . I was unaware that the victims and victims' families were seeking monetary damages from the Appalachian School of Law from that shooting. Somehow, the law school was supposed to fence in its campus, place armed guards around the facilities, and assign surveillance teams to watch one mentally deranged individual. In short, it's not the shooter's fault, it's the school's fault. This sums it up The law school, founded in 1997, was viewed as a sign that times are changing in this old coal town. By seeking money, the shooting victims say former friends and professors now treat them with disdain. "It's like we've got the plague," Brown said. You do have the plague, Mr. Brown. Your sickness stems from your disregard for the apparent, that true resposibility for your loss lies in the shooter and the shooter alone, that your salvation stemmed from a classmate with a gun. Your sense of entitlement, without concern for the source, is buttressed by a twisted sense of opportunistic scavenging. Your desire to get rich quick from an innocent party is disgusting. Your plague is not just greed, but greed that compels you to create even more loss. Your greed is destructive, a byproduct of our entitlement culture. If the stakes weren't so high for those involved you could be easily dismissed as nothing more than an immature adult, wanting to have his way. Instead, your actions could destroy an institution, at fault for simply existing, for no other purpose than your pecuniary gain. Your desire for relief from anyone but the shooter is selfish and foolish. Needless to say, I share your former friends' and professors' disdain.

 urlLink Amir Taheri just got back from Iraq. His report is compelling.

 Courtesy of urlLink Drudge , urlLink reviewers panning Fahrenheight 9/11 nationwide are overly joyous about the film. James Sanford in the Kalamazoo Gazette found it to be a "skillfully" directed "two-hour indictment. Indictment of what, exactly? If this is an indictment, it's going to result in perjury charges.

 Or, maybe, just wanted to get a urlLink piece . One may not agree with Mr. Streeter's views (the one writing right now among them), but those MoveOn.org people are just nasty. There is no excuse for such behavior. They may be over 18, but there is not one adult mind among them

 urlLink This is just not right.

 There is a considerable urlLink chance that Iraq's WMD stockpiles were transported to Syria at the last moment. Syria is its own urlLink concern , though, and once reasonable stability in Iraq is achieved, should be next on the target list, according to what John R. Bolton, Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security, testified to back in September of 2003 We have seen Syria take a series of hostile actions toward Coalition forces in Iraq. Syria allowed military equipment to flow into Iraq on the eve of and during the war. Syria permitted volunteers to pass into Iraq to attack and kill our service members during the war, and is still doing so. Syria continues to provide safe haven and political cover to Hizballah in Lebanon, which has killed hundreds of Americans in the past. Statements from many of Syrias public officials during this time vilified the Coalitions motives in seeking to overthrow Saddam Hussein. Indeed, the United States portrayed as an enemy is a consistent theme found in newspapers and public statements in Syria as it is in other states in the region. Although Damascus has increased its cooperation regarding Iraq since the fall of the Iraqi regime, its behavior during Operation Iraqi Freedom underscores the importance of taking seriously reports and information on Syrias WMD capabilities. And where did the chemical weapons for urlLink this come from? Syria, you're next.

 And some more, from that urlLink bastion of Bush supporters over at CNN from September, 2002 The concern is they either have on hand -- or could quickly re-create the capability to produce -- vast amounts of anthrax, tons of material, compared with the several grams of material that literally shut down the U.S. postal system last year," said Wolfsthal, the deputy director of Carnegie's Non-Proliferation Project, which does research and analysis on the spread of weapons of mass destruction. and here Iraq continues to possess several tons of chemical weapons agents, enough to kill thousands and thousands of civilians or soldiers," said Jon Wolfsthal, an analyst with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. There there was the Yugoslav urlLink connection . And be sure to check out this handy urlLink reference , and this urlLink one .

 Of what everyone was urlLink actually saying prior to the American invasion of Iraq. And Saddam demonstrated his willingness to use such weapons: Iraqi troops have employed poison gas against their own rebellious countrymen, and used chemical weapons against Iran in 1988. During the Gulf War, Iraq issued chemical warheads to Army units for possible use against American soldiers. Recent defectors say U.N. weapons inspectors stand little chance of finding such weapons if and when they are allowed to return. According to these defectors, Saddam has stepped up his efforts. Scientists work under tremendous deadline pressure, and the results of their efforts are hidden in schools, buried in irrigation ditches and even kept mobile. "They acquired seven trucks from Renault in France and they converted these refrigerated trucks into mobile biological labs," Nabel Musawi of the Iraqi National Congress, a London-based Iraqi opposition group, told ABCNEWS recently. Now-known credibility problems with Musawi notwithstanding (no one knew then what we know now), the facts were indisputed. To say otherwise, and to put words in the mouth of the administration as though they were unique in their beliefs is, at best, intellectually dishonest.

 Of course, members of the military under Hussein's rule will be allowed to urlLink participate in the new republic's military. To disallow them would be disingenuous. After all, at its height, the Iraqi military boasted 1.2 million souls, most of whom were conscripted by penalty of death. In a country of urlLink 6.2 million males aged 15 to 64 , it'd be hard to find someone of fighting age who had not been in Hussein's military.

 Perhaps the atmosphere at the NATO summit will be more conducive to constructive commitments than that in Ireland. Some of the same obstreperous characters are present at both, but the focus and purpose of each organization are decidedly different. Which I think is one of the odder things about the EU -that it has been established and has expanded in ways and directions inconsistent with a coherent defense policy. Or perhaps its members are simply "free riders" (to use economic parlance) of the American military, though national pride precludes any from saying so outright. NATO can actually do some good if the purpose of the organization is well-evolved and adapted to the threats the world now faces. The urlLink statements of the current NATO Secretary-General, Jaap de Hoop Scheffer, are promising We have terrorism everywhere. There's fights everywhere, be it here in this city, be it in New York, Uzbekistan, Mombasa, Yemen, you name it. This alliance has to participate in fighting it first, and winning it. Of course, the situs of preeminent importance vis a vis NATO is now Iraq. Germany is urlLink balking Germany's Schroeder renewed his opposition to sending troops to Iraq, even for training. "We are already working to train police officers in the United Arab Emirates, and we do that happily," Schroeder said. U.S. officials indicated they would be content with that. Of course, we want to make sure Germany does things that make it happy. The last thing we need is a nation of irate Germans training Iraqi security forces in Iraq. Fortunately, though, further complications in modernizing the mission of NATO are simplified by the absence of France as even a pretend player, thanks to de Gaulle's withdrawal of France from the military arm of the alliance four decades ago. With only one member of Old Europe nipping at the heels of freedom's advance, more will likely get accomplished faster.

 American youth is not a lost cause. urlLink This makes for encouraging reading.

 Paul Krugman is thoroughly debunked by urlLink Econopundit . No slight to Steve Antler (he does an exceptional job of exposing the ignorance and naivete of the world's most over-celebreated and overpaid columnist), but Paul Krugman is the journalistic equivalent of a clay pigeon.

 I have an event to go to out in Cumberland County, and will be gone most of the day. Blogging will resume this evening or tomorrow. Have a great weekend!

 Story is urlLink here . A decision on the Great Wall of China is expected to be forthcoming shortly.

 Just received in the mail today David Bernstein's collection of articles discussing Lochner and its prodigy (er, disobedient children). Should be good reading. Lochner v. New York is every modern-day conservative's beacon of light in American jurisprudence. In it, the SCOTUS upheld the right to contract. In 1905, when it was decided, I suppose the concept of freedom was a no-brainer. Unfortunately, the idea of allowing individuals to negotiate freely, without government intervention, was too much for progressives to bear. The holding of Lochner was slowly but surely chipped away upon by the Court as the Great Depression set in, with the slow death ending in 1937 with West Coast Hotel v. Parrish . Bernstein's thesis is that Lochner is not completely dead. We just need the right case to revitalize it.

 Ha! Hardly. The estimate, though, on this urlLink taxpayer travesty out in Missouri did cost $470,000.00 per job created. Not a bad salary at all. Hat tip to urlLink Tennessee Tax Revolt .

 Our esteemed (dripping sarcasm here) state house speaker Jimmy Naifeh, has some priceless time capsules in his camp down in Tipton County Last week Dr. Jesse Cannon's (Republican candidate opposing Speaker Naifeh)wife Mickey and daughter Jessica ran into a hard core Democrat in Tipton County, who stated he was close to Speaker Naifeh, (we won't use his words) told the two African-American women that he thought it was fine that a "COLORED MAN" was running for office. Jessica, one of TeamGOP's favorites, asked him in her best Dick Cheney tone..."which color would that be?" The embarrassed man meekly apologized and scurried away. Does some Democrat really think that it was not "fine" the "COLORED" Dr.Cannon would not run??? And who uses that word and what does it say about its user? It sounds like Robert Byrd made a covert visit to Tennessee. Or better, that it's not the Republicans who have problems with race relations in this state. Courtesy of urlLink TeamGOP .

 urlLink Wes Pruden has a nice piece discussing the deep affection the two Johns show for one another. The carefully calculated "candidate handling" is merely a pose to reassure voters that Monsieur Kerry does, too, have a pulse. All that's expected of John Edwards is that he learn to hug (but not kiss) in French. The rest of us will just have to grin and bear it, but from a distance. November is only five months away. Yes, five more months of soft Democratic porn.

 The Democratic strategy, per its two standard bearers, is nicely summed up by Daniel Henninger For many Democrats, the vision of a city sliding down a hill is the continuing reality of America. In the version being tried for this election, economic growth is possible in a globalized world only if the middle class gets shafted. "We're moving backwards"--John Kerry, April 2004. But the most recent Washington Post-ABC poll finds 64% of Americans optimistic about the economy's next 12 months, and more than half still optimistic about Iraq. Somebody here is on the wrong page. The Kerry-Edwards ethos of never-ending urgency and impending disaster is a weirdly European kind of politics, rooted more in the sadness of inevitable social tragedy than the largely uncontested American idea of individual possibility. The most important part of Henninger's article is the second paragraph above - the Democratics are out of touch.

 We're gonna win it this time. I think the last poll I saw had him up in the state.

 It came as a urlLink surprise to all us Nashvillians when the Demonbreun Street Bridge had been "closed." It appears it will stay that way for about three years. It seems a support beam had rusted through and not bothered to tell anyone. I don't drive over it all the time - my office is on the other side of downtown, but apparently urlLink Bill Hobbs does!

 Phil Valentine will be back on the air courtesy of an agreement with WTN 99.7, giving 99.7 the two biggest names in local Nashville talk radio. The news is of particular note, as Valentine and Steve Gill were indispensable in defeating a state income tax, everytime it came up (even on a Saturday!). Now they'll be on back-to-back. Read more urlLink here .

 We have it - they do not. Just urlLink check out all the performances at that Kerry/Kid/DNC fundraiser this week. Geeze. Maybe Whoopi would be interested in a job at the RNC.

 A natural side effect, or it can be argued an intended consequence, of an expanding capitalist economy is increases in innovation, and consequently, increases in productivity. urlLink Arnold Kling discusses the concept of increased productivity nicely.

 I know. Quite the obvious topic for any post, and too general to lead on about the real subtopic. It urlLink appears that the French refuse to fight for he reasons they accuse us of fighting for - oil!

 urlLink Helen Thomas , forever the wacky bat in the attic of the White House press corp, has decided to make herself heard. Yes Aunt Helen. Uh huh. Sure. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. At least Editor and Publisher used scare quotes accurately (Reuters take note). UPDATE: The bat needs to do some more urlLink research .

 For all the Blakely news that's fit to print, check out the urlLink Blakely Blog !

 I'm not one of these Pollyana attorneys who believe that the Patriot Act has singlehandedly demolished all the load bearing pillars of justice that keep the sky from falling on our collective heads. But urlLink this case out of the 1st Circuit is, for my tastes, too much (and to my knowledge, not authorized by the act or any constitutional precedent). Hat tip to urlLink The Legal Reader (But for the sake of all that is good and decent, drop the Kerry ad!).

 Come on DOJ, you guys can do better than this! See the links urlLink here .

 Check this urlLink out . One can only imagine the desperation this guy felt.

 Jobless claims fell urlLink significantly last week.

 The latest analysis on the status of "one-man, one-vote" in constitutional jurisprudence. I still don't see the constitutional necessity for the principal at least in both houses for a state that has a bicameral legislature. States should be able to treat their regions and counties just as the United States Congress treats states for purposes of senatorial representation. If anything, a freer hand in one house could very well represent diverse economic interests in the state more effectively. I know that would be the case in Tennessee, and would likely be so in any state of any geographical size. As long as one house is based on population distribution, the other house's districting should be reserved for the people to decide upon. If one-man, one-vote is such an important principal, the Founders would never have authorized the US Senate (I know the purposes for the Senate were entirely different in its conception, but it still shows that there was some fudging to be done with a bicameral system regarding proportional representation).

 Just watching some Fox and Friends, as I do almost every morning before heading to court. Norm Coleman, the Republican who sits in the late Paul Wellstone's seat, is a convincing individual. He's a good communicator, and has a confident demeanor. His pro choice stance is obviously contrary to the Republican mainstream (and my position on the issue as well), but at least he doesn't claim that life begins at conception and then still maintains his position with a straight face.

 Manure spread on the street in the path of a gay rights parade in Conway, Arkansas. Should this be a misdemeanor, or a seriously felony? But in any event, should the law really treat differently manure spreading aimed at a gay pride parade at a St. Patrick Day's Parade (since hate crimes laws would cover crimes motivated by the target's race and ethnicity), but not manure spreading aimed at a Veterans of Foreign Wars parade or an anti-gay parade? Volokh urlLink discusses .

 I hate to admit it, but from what I've heard anecdotally, from articles and friends in the services, we are indeed urlLink stretching our men with frequent and long deployments. There must be a solution out there short of instituting a draft. It irks me that we can't even successfully occupy a country as small as Iraq without noticeably stretching our military.

 As details come out about the unidentified plane incident during Reagan's lying in state, it becomes clearer and clearer that Reagan had the right idea about handling incompetent conduct by flight control officials - they ought to be fired. The urlLink mystery plane was actually carrying Kentucky governor Ernie Fletcher. The transponder on the plane malfunctioned while in flight. As required, the pilot advised the FAA of this malfunction. The FAA never notified the military , almost causing the downing of a civilian aircraft, much less a civilian aircraft carrying a sitting governor. Heads should roll.

 urlLink Virginia Postrel links to an interesting twist on the Edwards pick. Though there may be some impact, I still think it overstated in most quarters.

 First he got urlLink Hezbollah - now he's got the urlLink French .

 urlLink John Kerry is evidently more comfortable around John Edwards than he is Theresa...read into it what you will. UPDATE: Drudge urlLink agrees . It seems they can't keep there hands to themselves! But the spokesperson added, "I hope we do not see them wearing matching outfits when they ride bikes this weekend." We need chaperones, and we need them now!

 urlLink Daniel Drezner has a great post on the pros and cons of quality and sensational blogging. His outlook is optimistic, though 1) In the long run, reputation matters. Sure, being a bombthrower can attract attention -- but it's hard to do successfully over a prolonged period of time. Inevitably this kind of ranting leads to major as well as minor missteps. Once a commentator commits a major rhetorical gaffe or colossal misstatement of fact, it becomes impossible to take them seriously. Which is why it's so easy to discount the statements of Ann Coulter, Noam Chomsky, Pat Robertson, or Michael Moore. 2) Technology can help as well as hinder. I've raved about MT-Blacklist before for blocking spam, but an unanticipated bonus has been the ease with which I can delete any comment. Blacklist rebuilds my site much more quickly than MT -- so it's been far easier to prune away comments now than before. 3) Commenters usually follow the blogger's lead. Whenever I use profanity in my posts, the language in the comments inevitably becomes coarser. This works in reverse, however -- the more civil my posts, the better the tone of the comments. In this respect, the presence of comments has affected me in one way -- I'm much more polite on the blog now than I used to be. 4) Compared to academia, this is a tea party. Another blogger once asked me whether I felt "surprised at the angry tone of the comments your readers leave... It can be odd to be shouted down on your own website." Look, I'm an academic, and this stuff is nothing. I've attended seminars where the paper presenter ran out of the room because s/he was crying. I've presented papers that have been likened to poor undergratuate theses. I've had papers rejected by top journals because they were "narrow and without much theoretical interest." I've heard cruelties uttered that will be burned in people's psyches until the day they die. In other words, I'm used to a pretty high standard of criticism. Compared to that, a line like "Hey, Drezner, let's outsource your job, you f***ing a@#hole!" -- or letters like these -- just come off as histrionic nonsense. 5) Don't forget the benefits. Laura at Apartment 11D and Henry Farrell both point out the social value-added of blogs. Henry gets at something with this comment: The most attractive ideal for the blogosphere that Ive come across is in sociologist Richard Sennetts brilliant, frustrating shaggy-dog of a book, The Fall of Public Man. Sennett is writing about the eighteenth century coffee-house as a place where people could escape from their private lives, reinventing themselves, and engaging in good conversation with others, regardless of their background or their everyday selves.... Like Sennetts patronizers of coffee shops, bloggers dont usually know each other before they start blogging, so that its quite easy for them to reinvent themselves if they like, and indeed to invent a pseudonym, or pseudonyms to disguise their real identity completely. This has its downside - some bloggers take it as license for offensive behaviour - but in general, if you dont like a blog, you can simply stop reading it, or linking to it. The blogosphere seems less to me like a close-knit community (there isnt much in the way of shared values, and only a bare minimum of shared norms), and more like a city neighborhood. An active, vibrant neighborhood when things are working; one with dog-turds littering the pavement when theyre not. Worth a read.

 The latest Krugman fantasies have been riddled with the bullets of truth by urlLink Econopundit .

 A urlLink UK report on intelligence gathered in the leadup to the victory over Hussein's inhumane regime will show that, as we were told all along, Iraq had indeed attempted to purchase weapon's grade uranium from Africa. Of course, this won't have an effect on the Bush haters. Bush could cure cancer and AIDS in a 48 hour span and still get criticized for not doing it fast enough.

 I think it only proper that I follow up a post extolling the virtues of communist loving Democratic presidential candidates with a tribute to the economic system that makes their nonsense possible. Martha Nussbaum, a professor at the University of Chicago, writes urlLink compellingly about human suffering Justice requires more. We give lip service to the idea that respect for human dignity is a fundamental moral requirement, and yet we daily allow human dignity to be violated by poverty, illiteracy, unequal liberty and other nation-based inequalities. Most of us, if pressed, would acknowledge that we belong not only to the community of our birth but also to the human community as a whole, and that we have obligations of some sort to that community. But because we are at a loss to say what those obligations are, we find it easier to lapse into inattention. Good theory helps people get a handle on their choices, making it more difficult for them to ignore their obligations. Philosophical theories of global justice are, then, badly needed to give guidance to personal reflection and public policy. These theories will need to do a lot of hard philosophical work that has not been done before: to articulate accounts of the relationship between personal and institutional responsibility; to think about what is owed a nation that has been despoiled of resources by others in the past; to think how far and in what ways other nations ought to help nations that manage their internal affairs badly. They will have to face the thorny question of intervention. Since at least some governments of poor nations are accountable to the people of those nations, and since there is no transnational government in prospect that is likely to be adequately accountable, how far may we influence the internal affairs of another society, whether by governmental pressure or by material aid? And they will have to face the toughest question of all: How far are we required to do justice to the urgent claims of others who lie at a distance, when it means hurting the life quality of our own children? A well posited question at the end. I venture my own answer, of course (being that it's my blog): American foreign intervention followed by free markets. The neoconservatives, for all the hell they're (we're) taking have figured that out. Unfortunately, the track record to date isn't yet sterling, not because of a failed ideology, but because success takes time. One cannot take a lawless, isolated land (Afghanistan) or a population oppressed for three decades (Iraq) and transform them into functioning democracies with free markets overnight. But you can do it over time. As the learned professor stated, we have an obligation because no one else can.

 The "better hair" contingent running for president needs to be more careful about the poets they urlLink quote . Seriously. Why don't the two go ahead and wear a hammer and sickle lapel pin. UPDATE: The communist tripe in full glory urlLink here .

 Two tons of low enriched urlLink uranium has been shipped out of Iraq. According to reports of Marines who entered the Tuwaitha nuclear facility shortly after the fall of Baghdad, there was evidence of ongoing experiments with highly radioactive materials. Which front page will this be on tomorrow? Come on - everybody guess....

 That's the urlLink word from private analysts. The economy is expected to grow at 4.6% this year. Not quite the growth of 7.2% in 1984, but better than Clinton's best growth rate any year he was president. Kerry/Edwards, meet Bush/Cheney's second term.

 Kerry and Edwards are doing their first joint public appearance as allies. John Kerry has bombed on two jokes so far. It's quite painful to watch...

 Apparently, there is a urlLink perception afoot in Canada that the United States is just plain evil. History and the truth notwithstanding, I am a bit concerned. If the teens attack, we may be underwhelmed.

 urlLink Jacob Levy has a great series of posts on the libertarian argument against the war and what it actually means. The libertarians are a bit more tempered on the issue than typically give credit, but not by much.

 Courtesy of urlLink James Lileks.

 For a view of complete journalistic contortionism, check urlLink here . Were there weapons or no?

 Here's a roundup of links from urlLink Instapundit . I'm rather unimpressed with the subject. In my estimation, Kerry would have been insane to choose anyone but Edwards. The only salvation would have been if Kerry's pride had gotten in the way of his better political judgment. It obviously did not. Edwards is not to be feared in 2004 - he is to be feared in 2008 and beyond. Let's keep that in mind. As vice presidential material, he is inconsequential. His urlLink approvals in his own state are abysmal from what I've read, and a recent urlLink article taking on a Kerry/Edwards ticket versus Bush/Cheney results in a Bush victory in the state. Remember, he only won his seat with a slim majority (51%) of the vote. There was a reason he was not running for reelection to the Senate, and it wasn't to go back to be a trial lawyer. So, in a word, my analysis is "eh".

 Can be found urlLink here . It appears the feds are going to continue as if Blakely v. Washington was never decided.

 I wonder whether the Bush campaign team was waiting for John Kerry's announcement to decide whether or not to keep Cheney on. Certainly Kerry considered Dick Cheney as the VP opponent when choosing Edwards (he basically said so himself). If Cheney were let go, and say (and I dream big dreams) Rudy Giuliani was chosen instead, it may have behooved Kerry to pick Hillary Clinton as his VP. Who knows. If Cheney is kept on the ticket all of my hypothesizing will be for nought.

 Only urlLink Paul Krugman could look at 112,000 new jobs and slam George W. Bush for being foolishly optimistic. Apparently Paul Krugman's memory resets every thirty days.(248,000 in May, Paul?) Once again, Paul Krugman makes the case for why he is his own best punchline.

 Time will tell, but the urlLink National Chamber of Commerce is beside itself, and for good reason. The Edwards pick for VP is a direct affront to any business in this country sick of getting sued. Business interests mobilized to give funds to the RNC and state organizations could dwarf the fundraising ability of John Kerry's key donors (save George Soros, of course, but I'm sure GOP operatives are watching his campaign activity like hawks). It's an interesting article. Be sure to read it all.

 I just noticed, after a few kazillion replays on FNC, that the new Kerry/Edwards logo unveiled in Pittsburgh looks a lot like the Bush/Cheney logo...odd.

 It leaked somehow, but the news is Kerry/Edwards. This at least puts North Carolina into play, but I'm not sure what else. More analysis to follow. UPDATE: Unless you read the urlLink New York Post . Not quite as striking as "Dewey Wins" but along the same line.

 The death of the Iraqi offical in charge of investigating U.N. corruption in the Oil-for-Food program was targeted and killed by a car bomb this weekend. The blogosphere has immediate commentary urlLink here .

 urlLink Tax breaks for plastic surgery. It sounds like a part of the business to me.

 urlLink This is uncalled for, and asinine, among other things. Vicente Fox should be issuing an apology asap, but I won't hold my breath.

 Mike Krzyzewski will urlLink stay at Duke. This is a good thing. Even Sarah, my wife, a Maryland alum and rabid Duke hater, was not wanting to see Coach K go - especially to the Lakers, whose redeeming qualities as a team couldn't fill Little Jimmy Dickens' cowboy hat. I wonder if the experience of Rick Patino had anything to do with Coach K's decision to stay?

 The abortion stance Kerry has taken still bothers me. Not for the flip-flopping, though - with John Kerry, one must have a high threshold of tolerance for intellectual dishonesty to just observe him. It is the logical premise that one supposedly believes strongly in an issue but refuses to advance it that is bothersome. The belief that life begins at conception cannot be squared with the refusal to promote policies and laws that limit abortion. This same vacuous thinking is often seen on the anti-war left, of which Kerry is sometimes and sometimes not a part. The whole premise that one can support the troops but not support their mission is as laughable as Kerry's recent pontifications on abortion. If the fetus is a life at conception, society ought condemn any course of action which seeks to kill it. Anything short of this condemns the society and the mores which allow the doublespeak. The purpose of the military is to fight and defeat tyranny wherever it exists for the purpose of advancing the security interests of the United States. In short, the United States military exists to defend freedom. Its mission is its reason for being. To be against the mission is to oppose the existence of the institution, for without the mission, the military is pointless. The problem is that the media never asks the follow-up question: what is the military for, if it's not for what it's currently doing? The answer to that follow-up question would be telling, and would permanently dispel the notion that you can be for the troops and against the mission. As well, opposed to abortion while condoning its continuation. John Kerry, the master of doublethought.

 urlLink This is unnecessary. DISCLOSURE I've never really cared for Macy Gray - to me her voice is rivaled only by Zsa Zsa Gabor singing show tunes while doing figure-eights with her fingernails on a chalkboard. Oh, what entertainers will do for charity....

 So goes the assessment over at the urlLink LA Times .

 Last night we shot off a significant amount of brightly colored gunpowder at my uncle's quasi-rural location in Wilson County. All around us individuals were shooting off fireworks, as well as those funded by municipalities around Percy Priest Lake, downtown Nashville, and Mt. Juliet, all of which we could see in the distance. The noteworthy thing was that the number of houses shooting off their own wares was the highest any of us could remember, and for me, that goes back to the mid 1990's. I began to wonder whether there is a correlation between fireworks bought and the state of the economy. Fireworks are the ultimate in consumable goods. For what they are, they aren't cheap (even if you can whittle the guys selling them at 6pm on July 4th down a bit, it's still gunpowder wrapped in pretty paper). Fireworks are almost instantly used, and do nothing more than create a short-lived colorful array in the sky a little ways overhead. In short, you've got to have some extra cash and be feeling reasonably confident you're not going to need that cash in order to buy them, especially when there are so many places one can "free ride" and watch fireworks at no cost. I am curious, though, whether private firework shooting and economic confidence go together. If anyone has any data anywhere on this premise I'd love to see it. Of course, one would have to have a formula, in order to discount other factors, such as patriotic fervor aside from economic certainty, and so forth, but even that may be able to be discounted due to the prospects for free riding I noted above. If anyone has any thoughts, please feel free to let me know.

 John Kerry must think the electorate especially urlLink gullible - to particularly include we cretans on the pro-life side. "I oppose abortion, personally. I don't like abortion. I believe life does begin at conception." To contrast with this Afterward, several parishioners asked him about his position on abortion and his vote against a recent bill that would have banned the late-term procedure opponents call "partial birth" abortion, according to a reporter for the Telegraph Herald who sat behind Kerry's pew. Kerry replied that he would have supported the ban if it had included an exception for the health of the mother. To say one believes life begins at conception, then fall back and vote against a bill banning a gruesome procedure such as this, is incredulous. Then in April, he showed his urlLink pro-choice credentials at a rally including Planned Parenthood and NARAL, among others "Abortion should be rare, but it should be safe and legal -- and the government should stay out of the bedrooms of America," he said to cheers and applause. But if life begins at conception, Mr. Kerry, you have made the intellectually equivalent argument that killing is ok, but only when it's none of your business - a position that is very convenient and very unfortunate. Just another example of Kerry's flip-flopping. He goes out to the Midwest, where folks are more socially conservative, and tries to pull this nonsense.

 A car bomb attack was urlLink thwarted by Iraqi troops northeast of Baghdad. According to Iraqi police, the would-be attacker was stopped Sunday for a routine search at an Iraqi National Guard checkpoint near the unit's headquarters. The driver jumped from the vehicle, shouted "God is great" and "I'm going to kill you." Guardsmen opened fire, killing him and triggering the explosives in the car, according to police chief Waleed al-Azawi. Two bystanders were killed in the explosion, hospital officials said. The more of this we see, the better off Iraq will be.

 At least we know that Islamists and former Baathists urlLink don't get along .

 Of course you do! Here's a urlLink great site which chronicles the ongoing race for the White House from the perspective of John F. Kerry.

 The National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers has assembled an ongoing set of updated resources on the Blakely v. Washington decision urlLink here . UPDATE More Blakely commentary urlLink here .

 The importance of denying cert for the Larios v. Cox decision and the new field-of-play created by Vieth v. Jubelirer are well-discussed by Rick Hasen on his Election Law Blog urlLink here .

 Looks like Blakely v. Washington will result in some engaging appellate work, both in its application and its potential retroactivity. We'll see what happens. I have a post conviction petition to file on Tuesday, where I will be raising Blakely issues retroactively. Because of the timing of the Blakely decision, I should have one of the first opportunities to actually brief the issue in a post conviction petition. My presumption is that the issue will be denied at the trial level. The appeal will, therefore, be quite interesting. I will keep you posted (for those who find this kind of thing interesting).

 From urlLink SCOTUSBlog (where else??).

 Per the Wall Street Journal's urlLink editorial board The lesson of Sudan is that the world is a Hobbesian place outside the U.S. sphere of influence. Sudan's social contract is straight out of "Leviathan"; citizens are guaranteed security only if they abide by the absolute authority of a monarch. Very true, and as the piece points out, applicable beyond Sudan.

 urlLink Fool . &nbsp; Apparently, he does not understand that free speech is a two-way street.&nbsp; I wonder which US government published periodical is destroying people's careers for saying innane things...

 Here's your complete urlLink guide to crashing the festivities before, during, and after the Democratic Convention.&nbsp; Courtesy of urlLink Wonkette .

 It would be consistent with his character.&nbsp; Instapundit has a urlLink roundup of sources saying just that.

 urlLink Martha = Mandela ? Please. &nbsp; Here's where I break.&nbsp; For the longest time, I was one of those who gave Martha Stewart the benefit of the doubt.&nbsp; I was skeptical of the rumors.&nbsp; I wasn't sure&nbsp;that she treated her employees poorly, because the successful tend to be good with people. But her recent statements to the press, and her interview with Barbara Walters, have erased my skepticism. &nbsp; Her pride is her downfall.&nbsp; She claims she is being punished for cheating people. No, she's now being punished for her inability to swallow her pride and for her arrogance.&nbsp; To be so smart, her tactical decisions have&nbsp;shown a certain compartmentalized&nbsp;stupidity. She gets what she deserves. &nbsp; And for those gender baiters, no, she is not being punished for being a woman. She is being punished for lying and believing she was above the law.&nbsp; Of course, I'd imagine the same people rallying to her defense are the same people who believe Clinton was mistreated for lying under oath.&nbsp; Martha Stewart - among&nbsp;the most inconsequential trials ever. &nbsp; If you want to see the way real corporate malfeasance is treated, watched the Enron indictments.&nbsp; No matter what you think of Martha Stewart's punishment, it doesn't hold a candle to what urlLink Andrew Fastow received.&nbsp; And his upward exposure was immense.

 I'm among the last to urlLink link to it, but I'm putting it here just in case you haven't run across it yet.

 Priceless quote on FNC.&nbsp; &nbsp; "Don't be silly, Geraldine." &nbsp; Governor James Gilmore responding to Geraldine Ferraro's contention that Martha Stewart is being crucified for being a woman, not being stupid.

 Grand Master urlLink Bobby Fischer has been found in Japan&nbsp;and will shortly be en route to the United States. &nbsp; I actually learned how to play chess from his drill book, which I guess was put out sometime in the 1970s after he beat Spassky in 1972 (which apparently was urlLink re-released after he beat Spassky again).&nbsp; Anyway, I read it over and over again in the 1980s and got pretty good, but never took&nbsp;the game&nbsp;seriously. Unfortunately, the guy has gone wacko.&nbsp; An unbelievably talented chess player, Mr. Fischer has seen more stable days.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's a shame.&nbsp; His tirade against the US after 9/11 was the final straw for me.&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 The buildup urlLink continues .&nbsp; We're already in the midst of a southeast Asian cold war and no one wants to admit it.

 Awesome. This is a must click - it really puts into perspective Kerry's Vietnam experience... Courtesy of&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Allahpundit (who has the absolute best tagline).

 Don't look now, but a new commercial powerhouse is making it's entry into e-commerce. That's right - urlLink North Korea . &nbsp; It's just their sample site, but the detailed news, investigative journalism, and commercial variety are plain from the log-in only page.&nbsp; Can't just sell propaganda to anyone, you know. &nbsp; UPDATE I tried to register.&nbsp; I really wanted a @kcckp.net email address, but it didn't work.&nbsp; Communist piece of #@!#

