 face="verdana, arial, helvetica">Wow, Ching. I'm amazed that anyone watches soap operas - seems like everyone I know has 'em going on in their own lives. Or maybe they watch 'em for advice. How's your writing going, Ching? I always liked your stuff!

 Welcome, Jay / Daf ! &nbsp; I'm glad that you made it ! &nbsp; So what do you think so far?&nbsp; Like it? We have our own drama (or tragedy, depending on how you want to look at it) going on in my parents' household.&nbsp; The past two weeks have been a blur, really..&nbsp; We had our house-warming- slash -birthday party for Brian, which was a lot of fun.&nbsp; Shortly after that, my mom's purse is stolen at work.&nbsp; Her and dad close their bank account and create a new one, get replacement ID cards (driver's license, etc.), cancel credit cards, inform Sprint (her cellphone was in the purse)..&nbsp; Thankfully, her keys and her prescription eyeglasses weren't in the purse (her eyeglasses cost her $400 ~~ mine didn't even come close).&nbsp; I'm not even going into the fact that it was a Dooney & Bourke purse..&nbsp; That's the smallest thing that she was worried about.&nbsp; She was more concerned about the contents.&nbsp; Everything has been taken cared of, I believe..&nbsp; The only thing left to replace is her green card.&nbsp; I don't know how much it costs to replace it, but I heard it's not cheap.&nbsp; It's not like replacing a driver's license. [ Speaking of which, Brian and I had our driver's licenses replaced a little bit ago.&nbsp; So now, we have new ones that have our new address on them ! ] Going back to the drama..&nbsp; This is the same week that Matt and Jen broke up, so Jen (and Logan) moved back in.&nbsp; She was in the process of getting my old bedroom reorganized as her bedroom is now the office.&nbsp; That was fine with me and mom and dad welcomed her home with open arms and everything.&nbsp; Within the span of a week (if it was even that), she gets herself kicked out of the house ! &nbsp; She had not even unpacked, yet ! &nbsp; Yes, my sister is seriously messed up.&nbsp; You think she would've grown up now that she's a mom and almost 21 ~~ but, NOOO ! Among her list of offenses: (1) sleeping while she's supposed to be watching Logan, (2) partying ~~ even when the baby is sleeping over at mom and dad's house, (3) not coming home from partying, (4) not being around when it's her turn to babysit her own son, (5) not caring about the welfare of her own son, period..&nbsp; The list goes on and on and on.&nbsp; On nights when she parties, she doesn't even bother to call and check on her baby.&nbsp; Mom said that Matt prefers that Logan is with him at all times, doesn't like it when he's away from the baby and when the baby sleeps over at my parents' house, Matt always calls at night to check on how he's doing.&nbsp; Matt has more "maternal" instincts than my sister ! &nbsp; Can you believe it? The last straw was when Jen brought home this guy, Justin, who she had only known for a couple of days.&nbsp; She had asked before they went out if he could spend the night and mom explicitly said no..&nbsp; For one thing, we barely knew this person.&nbsp; She barely knew this person.&nbsp; The had not even been dating a week and they're already sleeping together.&nbsp; You don't flaunt such blatant irresponsibility in the face of my mom.&nbsp; She is a very patient, understanding and giving person, but there's a line that one should never ever cross. The following morning mom wakes up and notices that Justin's car is still outside.&nbsp; Of course, she begins to wonder.&nbsp; She knocks on my sister's bedroom door (she's in my old bedroom).&nbsp; My sister, in her infinite wisdom, steps out in her underwear.&nbsp; My mom tells her that he needs to leave..&nbsp; If not, both of them have to go.&nbsp; Guess what my sister does.&nbsp; She goes back to sleep.&nbsp; It's like talking to a wall, I'm telling you ! &nbsp; This goes on for a little while.&nbsp; I guess mom tries again, but gets the same response.&nbsp; Ignored, my mom resorts to calling dad who then advises her to call the cops.&nbsp; They don't take her seriously at first (probably thinking that she's bluffing ~~ if there's one thing I know, it's that my parents do not know how to bluff ~~ you better believe it because it's real and it's happening), but when they hear my mom give the policeman descriptions over the telephone, they finally decide that it's time to skiddadle. The policeman came for a brief period.&nbsp; Jen and Justin were already gone at that point.&nbsp; Mom talked to him for a little bit, wanting some sort of reassurance that she had a legal right to do what she did.&nbsp; He agreed with her and assured her that she wasn't responsible for my sister any longer.&nbsp; Brian and I arrive shortly after.&nbsp; Dad had called me early in the morning and asked me and Brian to come because he was worried about mom and what Jen might do.&nbsp; The whole family thinks very little of her at this point. So anyway, that's how my sister got kicked out of the house.

 Hi, I'm here. Actually, I heard that Yahoo Clubs will merge with Yahoo Groups. Groups is real cool, as you know! Clubs is a bit limited, though. Here's what's new with us: Jessica (our Ching-aged daughter) is 8 months pregnant - still living at home, lost her job, boyfriend she's not too serious about. We're hoping the baby's going to settle her down a little - she was REALLY drifting. Andy (our 17-year-old son) has left home, and apparently dropped out of school, to live at his girlf's parents' house. He's gotten a good job (for a 17-year-old) at a performance auto shop, plans to get his GED and hit community college. They already have a baby together - that made things at home real rocky. Kim &amp; I are having a hard time with all this - we're going to counseling to try to get it straightened out. So far we're hanging in there, though. Job's going well in that they like me &amp; give me raises, but what a PITA! Had to cancel all my vacations for the next 4 months. Grumble. Church gig's pretty good too. Can't get a sub, though - so I'm TRAPPED! Help me! Help me! Daf (tried some HTML - guess we'll find out if I did it right)

 Thanks for joining, Pia ! &nbsp; There aren't any members yet so I'm really glad that to see you here and to know that you're in this with me..&nbsp; I'm trying to transition from Yahoo! Clubs to here because hardly anyone ever visits the old club anyway. By the way, we rented Dude, Where's My Car? yesterday and it's really retarded.&nbsp; It's a collage of all the stupid movies ever made.&nbsp; Think Dumb and Dumber meets Half Baked (two movies which I have never ever seen and refuse to see ~~ I really cannot believe that I let Brian talk me into watching this one) with a little bit of Men in Black and Galaxy Quest thrown in.

 Hey Ching! Just wanted to let u know that I signed up for this blog. I will try to write more later. I am still at work so I can't chat too long.

 We went to see Atlantis the other day.&nbsp; It's pretty good.&nbsp; Brian has been looking forward to watching it since the first previews were shown.&nbsp; I liked it but it's not one of my favorite cartoons.&nbsp; I liked Shrek better.&nbsp; I also liked Iron Giant better.&nbsp; Atlantis didn't move me as much as the other two animated films did. Speaking of animation, the one that we are really , really looking forward to is Final Fantasy .&nbsp; I really don't care how much of a story it's got..&nbsp; I'd watch it even for just the animation !! &nbsp; The previews look amazing ! Mom is coming over after work today.&nbsp; She's bringing Logan.&nbsp; I am really looking forward to this afternoon because we will play, play and play.&nbsp; Tonight, Brian and I will attend the weekly Swing Club gathering at WSU.&nbsp; Brian has really come a long way.&nbsp; He knows lots of different turns now.&nbsp; He even knows a lifting move ! &nbsp; Dancing is so much fun !!

 We have moved from urlLink Yahoo! Clubs to urlLink http://www.chingay.net/groupblog/ ..&nbsp; Please adjust your bookmarks. This is a new era, so we shall take advantage of this new blogging technology.&nbsp; Don't forget that we are still deciding on a new name for our club.&nbsp; We are open to any and all suggestions.

 So, What are we gonna do tomorrow night Brain?

 hey congratulations grandpa Jay. Glee, whats tv patrol? So sorry to hear about your uncle. My Grandmoter died last year and she was partially blind due to Glaucoma(blood pressure in the eye).She moved back to the Philippines two years ago after my grandfather died. She was much happier in PI since all her friends were there. She got to go out and exercise, shop and go to the beauty parlor. I think your uncle would get better care here in the US but as far as happiness, nothing beats being with people you know. Its two weeks before my sisters wedding and my brother in law still hasnt ordered the tuxedo's auurgh.. I just received word that my sister's former roomate Frances has a part in Aida the Disney musical in Broadway. Woohoo!!! If you guys want good seats for this play its good that you know someone that is part of it because they can get you good seating. Full price seating but great seats!!!. Okay enough plugging, I gotta get my own tickets too. Dot wants to see it with me and her cousin Kathy. I saw in the news that another volcano is erupting in Italy. Wow, is this a sign of worse things to come? Net

 Congratulations!

 Alyssa Mae Ricketts, our first granddaughter, was born at 5:50 pm today... 9 lbs. 1oz., 22". She's a real cutie, and looks lots like Jess (her mom, our daughter). God is good. All the time. Jay

 I was watching the Filipino news program TV Patrol, and I saw the Mayon Volcano erupting. Dang, that's one huge mf! I'm fortunate not have any family members living near that area. I just got word that my father's brother died from a stroke. He was the only one who did not come to America. I felt sad for him because I think they did not give him a chance most likely because he's blind. I think if he were here, he would have had a lot more opportunities because the government can help provide all sorts of aid for blind people. Then again, I should not judge. I really don't know what his life was like back in P.I. My poor sister. She has been suffereing from sinus pressure. The doctors don't know why her sinuses won't drain properly. She's going to undergo a cat scan Saturday. I hope it's not anything serious. She's suffering from so much pain she basically stopped taking pain relievers because they don't work. Nothing exciting is going on today--I'm just going shoe shopping to match my dress. My mother reserved for all four of us to attend my godbrother's wedding Saturday. (Of course, my sister can't go--she has the cat scan.) I wish I did not have to go. But it would be rude not to go since my mom already RSVPed. I just don't know the groom and his family that well. I would feel like I was crashing a formal event. I went to the Waves of the Word: Movements of Poetry (a benefit for APIA Youth Poetry) Wednesday night. That was da bomb! If you ever get the chance to see the Chicago spokenword group I Was Born With Two Tongues or NYC's spokenword/music crew FEEDBACK, check them out ! I think they do tours and benefits. California, esp. the Bay Area, has its gems: 8th Wonder. All three groups are a must see.

 Good morning, everyone ! &nbsp; Portland is bugging again so we won't be able to publish for the time being.&nbsp; Everything should be okay in the next 24-48 hours.&nbsp; Just be patient and keep blogging anyway. Hey, did you guys hear about Mayon Volcano?&nbsp; It's been errupting sporadically for the past two months and after a two week lull, I heard it errupted again ! &nbsp; I'm so glad that my family is far from that area.&nbsp; If you guys still have family in the Philippines who happen to live close to the volcano, I hope they are well.&nbsp; You might try to get in touch with them just to make sure everything is okay.

 We have a bunch of insomniacs here, myself included. Waiting to yawn...

 POP! Fizzzz...Glug,Glug...Ahhhh!!! Cant Sleep so I figured I have a soda pop. Geesh its so Hot in the Naked City... Oh Look a naked man walking the street. =) Ill try to get some shut eyes. Are you sure Clerks wasnt in a video store? I gotta rent that thing again. Net

 Those dead-end jobs are commonly known as McJobs.

 A photo next to my REAL name?! Heaven forbid! NOPE, I'm not sending. You cannot make me! **sticks out tongue** pbbbbblt...

 You're right..&nbsp; There was a small reference to the video store..&nbsp; But for the most part everything happened at the convenience store.&nbsp; As far as level of achievement, though, they're all the same to me.&nbsp; Convenience store, video store..&nbsp; You can even throw in fast food joints, if you want to. " It's not the size of the diamond that matters; it's the size of the heart of the giver. "&nbsp; I agree.&nbsp; I couldn't have put it any better ! And YOU ARE going to send me a picture to but next to your name ! If anyone is wondering why this post is at four in the freakin' morning..&nbsp; I'm having one of those days again..&nbsp; I woke up, crying, from a really bad dream and now I'm afraid to go back to sleep.

 Weddings, marriages, engagements, brides maids, grooms men....ACK! I have set perception. I see the topic of wedding everywhere: videos, on TV, men's confessions of propsosal jitters on the web, people talking about their sisters getting married in online diaries, etc. I'm nervous just being a bridesmaid. So far, I'm the only person who volunteered to help the maid of honor with the bridal shower. My sister had the most difficult time finding fabric for the bridesmaid dresses. She had to deal with so much rudeness at the fabric store, and the other store she went to got robbed. Speaking of engagement rings, my sister's was a half carat in a platinum ring. My mom estimates a thousand. My engagement ring was cubic zirconium (sp?). No one noticed, not even me. My ex-fiance admitted it to me years after the fact. Vince, I can empathize with your situation. I would be nervous too. Then again, I don't have any pressure to propose to anyone soon. Last time I suggested marriage to my significant other--she kinda laughed. Anyway, Vince don't worry. I'm sure she'll be happy with whatever you give her simply because it's coming from you and it's you she loves. Well, that and the fact that she would probably be so excited about your proposal she would overlook the size. It's not the size of the diamond that matters; it's the size of the heart of the giver. Ching, I was hoping you would narrow it down for me--otherwise a blurb can easily become a long meandering personal essay. *sigh* oh well. I'll think of something. I bet you are dying for a photo of me. LOL tough titties...ain't gonna happen. Regarding OD, happy reading, Ching. Some of it maybe redundant cuz you already know my life story; you can skip those entries if you want. As for the rest of you, if you want my diarist name, just send me an e-mail at gleetv@yahoo.com (those who write why they need to read my drivel will get the quickest response). I heard Berlin and Depeche Mode were gonna be in the Bay Area. Maybe they already played. I cannot keep up with everything. A video store? I thought Clerks took place in a convenience store, at least that's how I remember it. I'm going to have to rent it again. When I first saw it, I was watching it with the sexiest guy who was not the least interested with me much to my frustration and chagrin.

 Don't take it personally, Vince.&nbsp; Blogger and Portland are just temperamental sometimes.&nbsp; It'll get published by the next person.

 Ching, how come the web page isnt publishing my recent post. It doesnt even come up as a page now... =( I hope you can fix it soon. anyway I am feeling a little better now that I have had my dose of liquid crack(coffee). TTYL ~Net

 I got the email, Glee ! &nbsp; Printed some entries to read already..&nbsp; The info that you were asking about is on my previous post.&nbsp; As far as what I want on your blurbs..&nbsp; You all have total creative freedom.&nbsp; Write/say whatever you don't mind the rest of the world knowing about you ! We didn't have any money, Net, so my engagement ring cost hardly anything..&nbsp; I cherish it nonetheless.&nbsp; To me, it's the thought that counts..&nbsp; Besides, I wasn't even expecting an engagement ring at all..&nbsp; So it was a pleasant surprise. Brian used to work at a video store ! &nbsp; That's probably one of the reasons that he enjoyed Clerks so much.

 I haven't been to any concerts this summer. Missed a few that I wanted to see... Berlin, Dido, Depeche Mode and of course RadioHead. See these concerts esp. RadioHead when it comes to your town. ~Net

 I have been so depressed lately. Been worrying about popping the question to Dot. I has dawned to me that my sister is getting married in a few weeks and this is putting some pressure to me about propossing to Dot. In all my wonder years, I have been told to set the example, and now sister is showing me a thing or two. Im the eldest of all my siblings and I should be setting examples! Augh!! Good Grief!! Whats a man suppose to do? Dot has also been hinting that she prefers an engagement ring that's worth ten grand!! Looking at my money market account, if I withdraw ten grand that leaves me with nothing. You are the weakest link, goodbye. My branch manager now is also putting the pressure on me and my co-worker Mike. We have to set the example to the rest of the crew. Either shape up or ship out! he says. Well, Paul, I say to myself, If you really want to make a difference, why dont you do it? Note to self... Getting too personal on Blogger. Just keep it to yourself and hit the stairmaster in the gym.... ~NET PS Yet to see Final Fantasy. I will give my review later this week. CLerkS was unusual but if you dont get the sarcasm, try thinking of yourself working in a video store with nothing else to do. I think it shows the realism of people that I know.

 Oh, Ching, you got M A I L

 If you have scanned pics, you can just send those to me via email (ching@digitalrice.com)..&nbsp; If you have photos that need to be scanned, you can mail them to: Chingay Offline 2305 Farmstead Street Wichita, KS 67220

 Where do we send? -j-

 Haven't received any pictures or blurbs, yet..&nbsp; Still waiting..

 I read about Hedwig and the Angry Inch in last month's (actually the July one, I'm thinking last month because I already have the August issue) Elle magazine.&nbsp; It got rave reviews.&nbsp; Brian and I both want to see it, but I will doubt that we will be so lucky considering where we live.&nbsp; It probably won't make it to the theaters here, so we will have to wait for it to come out on DVD rentals. OPEN DIARY: Give us your diarist name !

 The indie movie I really want to watch is Hedwig and the Angry Inch. Does anyone have vampire movies that they recommend? I'm trying to create a filmography of vampire movies.

 I watched all four movies you mentioned. I like them all with the exception of Clerks. I only liked the cadence of the banter of one of the clerks, and, yes, those scenes are unforgettable. But I didn't think it was funny--just weird. Charlie's Angels was indeed goofy. I thought it was funny. I also loved the soundtrack cuz the music reminded me of my youth. I can't believe I used to listen to Motley Crue. I also love dance movies. Gladys has the Save the Last Dance DVD. We love the audition scene (the music for that was great! the R&B mixed with the orchestra music--nice blend of classical and soul). I even watched an Australian foreign film about a ballroom dancer who wanted to win a tournament so badly and a Japanese foreign film about a man who took ballroom dance because he was lonely. Yes, I'm corny. I could not send you an URL with my section if I wanted to. The only way you can read it is if you press "random" and by luck you find it OR you know my dairist name OR you know the age I put down OR you know the location I put down OR you know the name of my diary OR they feature it on the "recent entries" OR I'm the Editor's Choice (most unlikely).

 Mall Rats is good.&nbsp; It flopped on the box office when it came out and the critics hated it, but Brian and I are big Kevin Smith fans..&nbsp; We've seen each and every one in that series: Clerks , Mall Rats , Chasing Amy and Dogma .&nbsp; It all kind of ties in with various references in the movie.&nbsp; I even got Brian the comic book, Chasing Dogma , that tells how Silent Bob and Jay got from where they were in Chasing Amy to the spot where they just happened to be in Dogma . Charlie's Angels was really goofy.&nbsp; One shouldn't take it seriously..&nbsp; A lot of people who do, end up thinking it's retarded..&nbsp; It was meant to be a funny movie (to me, anyhow).&nbsp; I thought it was funny ! &nbsp; One of my favorite parts is the dream dance sequence.&nbsp; I'm really into dancing movies: Save the Last Dance , Dance With Me , etc.&nbsp; I loved that dress ! &nbsp; I actually got myself some underoos(I can't wear them now because they shrank), just because they looked cute on Cameron Diaz ! &nbsp; You all know how impressionable I am ! I want the URL to get to your section of opendiary !!! &nbsp; Come on, Glee !

 You want the full URL? http://www.opendiary.com

 I finally saw Final Fantasy yesterday. WOW! The animation was great! Talk about detail--every strand of hair, every wrinkle. The captain looked like Ben Affleck (sp?) though. Guy Pearce stars in Memento. I don't know who he is so I don't know if that if information would be of any help. Still, go see it! My sister Gladys bought many DVDS which I had the opportunity to view at least a few. Let's see... Mall Rats Power Puff Girls Cinema Paradiso (excellent! Don't watch the dub in English. The Italian priest sounded like he was a Jewish rabbi from NYC.) Camille Claudel (also, excellent) Charlie's Angels (entertaining. I also liked the special segment in which they described their training for the martial arts stunts.) Say Anything ( i love this movie! I just like John Cussack sp?--I cannot spell anyone's names lately) I missed Dido when she played in the Shoreline Amphitheatre in the South Bay Area. I decided not to go, but sometimes I feel like kicking myself for not going. I did go to Ani DiFranco in Berkeley, which is only 30 minutes drive from my home city. This was the fifth Ani concert I've seen. She opts for smaller venues than the collesiums and giant stadiums. She is very funny and personable when she talks to the crowd. She is very experimental with her music. For example, a spokenword piece in her CD can be incredibly rocked out in one concert or have a funky bassline in the next concert. Her older songs don't have a brass section, but in a concert she would have trumpet players and other horns playing. Her roots are in folk music--the grassroots political music. If it weren't for her blend of rock, R&B, funk, and jazz combined with lyrics that either captured the complexities of love relationships, fought against big music industry, and constantly questioned the governement; well, I'd just say "another dyke with a guitar--yech, phooey!" Now, I see a mighty mite on stage who challenged the big guns on her own terms and won.

 Whatever you do, do not watch the English dubbed version on Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon .&nbsp; It's hard to take the film seriously with the semi-acceptable English dubbing.&nbsp; The translations are so raw, it ends up sounding silly.&nbsp; After watching it dubbed, I appreciated that they showed the subtitled version of the film in the theaters.

 Our rentals lately: Fantasia 2000 Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon and then we bought a bunch of used rentals: After Hours A Boy and His Dog Peggy Sue Got Married After the Fox ...and one more I can't remember right now. For a while, we were buying up movies all over the place - but they really need to be re watchable. We've got a bunch of stuff we'll probably never watch again: Bird on the Wire Vacation His Girl Friday Liebestraume The Fisher King etc. All the stuff we bought this time hits the rewatch mark. And Fantasia 2000 , though not as good as the 1940 one, is certainly one worth seeing a few times. Crouching , though? Probably not. Daf

 Who's in Memento?&nbsp; Our recent rentals were: Sugar & Spice , Double Take and Saving Silverman ..&nbsp; Don't look at me, Brian picked them out !

 Better yet, we'll put pictures ~~ along with the blurbs.&nbsp; I need pictures from everyone.

 I haven't been to any good concerts lately..&nbsp; I love both Sheryl Crow and Stevie Nicks..&nbsp; That must have been an amazing show ! &nbsp; I've never seen either of them perform live.&nbsp; I can imagine what it must've been like, though..&nbsp; Noone special has been through Wichita recently.&nbsp; Vanilla Ice (yck ! ) performed at Rita's just a couple of days ago.&nbsp; I'm not that desperate to go to a concert.&nbsp; So I passed.&nbsp; The last concert Brian and I went to was a while back..&nbsp; Godsmack, Stained, Cold and Systematic. How does everyone like the new layout?&nbsp; I forget who designed it, but it was one of the winning entries in Blogger's Template Design Contest.&nbsp; By the way, you all need to give me blurbs about you that we can put on the members column to the right..&nbsp; It's kind of bare right now.

 I'm playing with one of the new templates on Blogger.. If it's buggin' -- it could be one of three things.. Portland sucks, I messed up somehow or Porland sucks.

 Note - tried posting this yesterday - firewall probs. Here goes again... Present! I should be a grandfather by next week... Jessica's as big as a house. Work's a bitch - mandatory overtime now through September. Found out today that we're rehiring a friend of mine (who left for greener pastures, then got laid off), and she'll be working for me. So that's cool. I don't wanna know my score. It's one of the few things ALL the voices in my head agree on. &lt;g&gt; Two concerts in the last two weeks - Stevie Nicks with Sheryl Crow (opening act Jeffrey Gaines), and Wynonna and her band. Stevie was Stevie - no surprises, really - good band, fun crowd, she and Sheryl work real well together. Wynonna was excellent! Covered a lot of different styles - blues, R&amp;B, rock, gospel, pop-jazz, contemporary Cbristian- not really much country, though there's this &quot;country feel&quot; that's different from other styles (more emphasis on 1 &amp; 3, backbeat a little stiffer - if you care about that stuff) - and that was prevalent throughout. She sang covers of Fab Thunderbirds, Avalon, Joni Mitchell. Had a gospel trio behind her that was excellent, plus a real good band. Either show's worth checking out. Sheryl Crow's coming back to Michigan without Stevie in a couple of weeks - I love her stuff, but her voice isn't all there live (not just the show we saw - I heard a live CD later, had the same impression). So we'll probably skip it. Anyone else see any good concerts? Daf (= Jay)

 I want to know your diarist name..&nbsp; Give us the full URL !

 If you get a chance watch the movie Memento. The movie got my head spinning way after it was done. It's like a who-dunnit with a twist and a razor edge.

 Thank you for clarifying that for me. You would think I would know who Perverse Angel and Brian are by now, wouldn't you? hee. Brian used to be Dark Angel. A bit of Ching trivia. I cannot view the picture. Your link leads me to a page that says "Forbidden." It says I need a "local referer." I have no idea what that is. I heard that Final Fantasy had some really bad scriptwriting in terms of dialogue. But, like you, I'm really interested in the animation. I'm gonna grab the bargain matinee tomorrow. If you must know what has been keeping me busy, I joined a diary community at www.opendiary.com. If you are nice, maybe I'll give you my diarist name.

 Daf = Jay.&nbsp; Perverse Angel = Cherrie = Ching.&nbsp; Ching + Brian = Together Forever. I'd forgotten how much I love doing social math.&nbsp; I can't see the picture either.&nbsp; I know what the problem is, though..&nbsp; That image is stored on the Yahoo! server.&nbsp; Yahoo! and GeoCities no longer allow you to link to anything stored on their servers.&nbsp; You can see it as long as you go directly to the source, or it's linked from a website on Yahoo! or GeoCities.&nbsp; urlLink Click here if want to see the photo. Final Fantasy is great ! &nbsp; You have to go see it.&nbsp; It's the future of animated films.

 Please don't hold those results against me; those ARE my good qualities. just kiddin' No, no, no. We should NOT have this constitutional amendment that bans same-sex marriage. I was just trying so hard to sound impartial earlier just so people could check out the issue and the site themselves. However, I'm not impartial. If this amendment passes, it will be part of the U.S. Constitution thus nullifying any state or local laws that permit same-sex marriage or civil unions--some say it may have a negative impact on domestic partnership rights/benefits. Married couples have benefits: health insurance, medical visitation rights, medical decisions involving a sick spouse, custody rights, adoption rights, inheritance/possessions, etc. Same-sex partners cannot have those rights without having a legal union to legitamize their relationship. Okay, I'm done with my ranting and raving. Hi, Ching, I'm glad the party went well. You flips sure know how to party in Wichita. My girlfriend is Vietnamese, and she observed Filipino families are fun-loving people. I have yet to see FINAL FANTASY. I have never seen a VCD before. I have seen a VCR/5-disc changer DVD player and a FM radio/VCR/TV. So, once again I'm baffled. Hmmm...speaking of baffled. I cannot view the pic with Dot. Probably something wrong with my computer. *sigh* oh well. I feel like such an airhead. I cannot keep your names straight. Net = Vince, right? Net + Dot, right? Daf ? Where is Daf? ARGH! I can't think straight!

 My results are in: Paranoid: Low Schizoid: Low Schizotypal: High Antisocial: Moderate Borderline: Very High Histrionic: High Narcissistic: Moderate Avoidant: Very High Dependent: Very High Obsessive-Compulsive: High

 My results are the effect of years of deprivation and self denial...er ah, actually I got tired on a few of the questions and answered them randomly. Here's a picture of me and dot. This was taken a year ago. VCD's can be played on DVD players if you purchased the combination vcd/cd/dvd player. I bought mine at Best Buys. Anyone going to the Philippines? I wants me some VCD's

 Your results are pretty bad, Vince ! &nbsp; And I thought I was messed up ! &nbsp; Can you play VCDs in regular DVD players?&nbsp; Just curious.

 VCD's are Videos on CD's duh...Mumsie says its popular in Asia. She says that people buy it more than DVD's. I watched the VCD but the quality of DVD isnt there. eh. its okay. I guess youre paying for viewing movies in a more portable media. Gonna try the Personality Test now... Disorder Rating Paranoid: Moderate Schizoid: Low Schizotypal: High Antisocial: High Borderline: Low Histrionic: Very High Narcissistic: Very High Avoidant: High Dependent: Very High Obsessive-Compulsive: High

 I took the Personality Disorder Test and these were my results.. Disorder Rating urlLink Paranoid : High urlLink Schizoid : Low urlLink Schizotypal : Moderate urlLink Antisocial : Moderate urlLink Borderline : Low urlLink Histrionic : Moderate urlLink Narcissistic : Moderate urlLink Avoidant : Low urlLink Dependent : Low urlLink Obsessive-Compulsive : Moderate -- urlLink Click Here To Take The Test --

 What is this VCD thing?

 Friday the 13th came and went for sure!! For those of you who are not in the know, Dorothy is my girlfriend. We've been going out for almost a year and a half- WoohoOoo!! Why should we ban same sex marriage? Whats gonna happen to that same sex marriage town up in New England if this amendment passes? Mumsie is back from the Philippines and guess what she bought for a dollar? a Video CD of Cast Away... aint that grand?

 Friday the 13th came and went without any glitches.&nbsp; We saw Final Fantasy yesterday afternoon.&nbsp; Has anybody else seen it?&nbsp; Pretty amazing animation ~~ you can see strands of hair ! &nbsp; The characters looked so real ! &nbsp; It more like a movie-movie, instead of an animated film.&nbsp; The story was okay.&nbsp; Not really all that spectacular, but the spectacular job they did on the animation made up for it (to me, anyhow). We (Dave, Donna, Brian and I) attended Logan's birthday party at my parents house last night.&nbsp; There were a lot of guests.&nbsp; Logan came away with so much stuff ! &nbsp; He is going to be one spoiled little boy.&nbsp; I can already see it ! &nbsp; The rocking horse was a big hit ! &nbsp; Logan loved it ! &nbsp; I was really pleased about that. Mom is having a second party for those who were unable to attend Friday night on Sunday.&nbsp; That's how it is here in Wichita.&nbsp; The members of the Filipino community are so sensitive.&nbsp; You have to make everyone happy.&nbsp; No one must feel left out.&nbsp; Otherwise, you're done for !

 I hope everyone gone through their Friday the 13th with no ill effects. Yeah, Daf, after you're done tinkering with the software, ask the question: Who's Dottie? Inquiring minds want to know.

 They are trying to create a constitutional ammendment banning same-sex marriage. Vote on this issue (and other issues) on www.vote.com http://www.vote.com/vote/32824774/index.phtml?cat=4075633

 Sounds like Daf will be pretty busy playing with his new software for a while.&nbsp; Should we expect you to be MIA for a month or so? By the way, Vince, who's Dottie?

 Ballers... Shot Callers; Bloggers... Web Cloggers. Works for my, my peeps. Okay, I'll stop now. Used to drive me crazy when Dad would try to use "groovy" in a sentence, or wear bellbottoms. My new copy of Acid (v. 3.0) is here! I've been trying out the new features - MIDI looping, loop snipping, track envelopes, project-level archiving, buncha new loops... very nice. Daf

 Web Cloggers sound too close to Bloggers. What about Artificial Negligence, or Nullified Notes. oops..Note to self: Refrain from leaving personal notes in Group Blog. I'll buy into whatever name you might choose. Anyone care to second motion Web Cloggers? ~~Net

 Note to self...Must take out the garbage. The cabinet it's in is starting to stink. Another note to self... Must find a place that will pick up old clothes. Last note to self... Give Dottie a kiss when she returns on Sunday

 That's pretty funny, Glee ! Well..&nbsp; Well..&nbsp; Well..&nbsp; Guess who can't sleep?&nbsp; You guessed it ! &nbsp; I've been tossing and turning all night.&nbsp; I'm actually amazed that I didn't wake Brian up as I got off the bed.&nbsp; I hope he doesn't wake up from the keyboard noise.&nbsp; He's kind of a light sleeper.&nbsp; Thank God that the computer is now in a different room ! I've got lots of stuff planned for today.&nbsp; Two loads of laundry, one load of Dryel, dishes (hopefully only one load), got to the bank to do a change of address (yes, I've been procrastinating), pick up paycheck and book from Pat (lady on my team at work) to Jodi Anderson (lady on Brian's team at his work that used to work at Spiegel) that I left at work (I forgot it as I was leaving the other day and I forgot it again yesterday ~~> Can anyone say Gingkoba?), go to Walmart to get refill on birth control, stop by Brian's work to bring the previously mentioned book (if I remember), watch Thirteen Days with Brian, go to Brian's parents' house to help assemble Logan's present and for supper, meet Misty (with new dance partner, Jorge) at swing club, return movies ( Monkey Bone , Down to Earth and Thirteen Days ~~> I'm telling you, between movie rentals and new movies, Brian and I watch about five movies a week ! )..&nbsp; I think that's everything.&nbsp; As forgetful as I am, I can't help but feel like I omitted something.&nbsp; Oh, well..&nbsp; Perhaps it wasn't that important.

 Ani rocked! I had to go to the concert all by my lonsesome, but I still had fun. Jann Arden appeared on the Regis and Kelly show and she said a blonde joke: "There are two blondes, each one on the other side of the street. One blonde yelled, 'How do I get to the other side?' The other blonde responded, 'You ARE on the other side.'"

 Welcome, Net!&nbsp; Sorry about the bugs and kinks..&nbsp; Beggars can't be choosers, you know?&nbsp; I can't afford a PAY service, so we'll have to just be patient with the outages. Thank you for coming! How is everyone?

 July 9th is National Blonde Day Have fun with a blonde today Q What do you call a bee inside a blonde's head? A A Space Invader!! HA!

 Attention... attention. Netpanday is now a member!!

 ok here goes

 &lt;BR&gt;&lt;BR&gt; creates your line breaks.&nbsp; The more you do it, the more line breaks you'll get.

 I am always having a hard time keeping up with your contact info. Thanks for the new e-mail addresses. I'm going to the Ani DiFranco concert tonight1 Yay! I showed my sister the photos from the archives of one of your other blogger groups--SMEAGHE TODAY maybe it. (What does SMEAGHE stand for?) You probably beat me in chess too. I might have a chance with Scrabble. However, my SAT vocabulary might not help me. I need those obscure short words to put me in the lead, and that's what I lack. But I kick gluteus maximus when it comes to air hockey and pinball. How do I create line breaks with this thing so my paragraphs don't run together into one?

 I really like "Web Cloggers," too ! &nbsp; I submitted our blog to BlogHop already ~~ under that name. Yes, Brian and I bought a Scrabble set recently.&nbsp; He got tired of me beating him at Chess ! &nbsp; Ha.&nbsp; Ha.&nbsp; We would've played Monopoly, but Brian's grandma hates it.&nbsp; I asked her once, "Why?&nbsp; But I heard that you're so good at it ! "&nbsp; She finds it boring because she always wins. I have some close up shots of my hair from the back and from the side.&nbsp; They're in the archives of SMEAGHE TODAY.&nbsp; Is that where your sister saw it?&nbsp; Or is she just basing her opinion on the portrait below?&nbsp; The portrait really doesn't do it justice.&nbsp; I loved what the hair stylist did to my hair ! The email address that you should use is ching@digitalrice.com or ching@liquid2k.com .&nbsp; Brian and I are thinking of getting a cable modem.&nbsp; We are sick of our slow-ass connection.&nbsp; I think, with his promotion and everything, we'll be able to wing it. =)

 Okay, okay, The Spark people are the closest to the truth than I like to admit. I'm the one in denial. I think Ching has some idea about my slut ranking. I told her the number on my tally sheet, and she was in some sorta shock. I just think it's weird that I would be gayer than the typical lesbian. I thought it would be more likee I'm straighther than the typical lesbian. Some people (including my girlfriend) think I walk like a guy and think like a guy. And I feel like I'm in drag in a dress. Speaking of dresses, I'm going to be one of the nine bridesmaids at my younger sister's wedding. My sister got engaged in April on her birthday. When will I get married? When it becomes legal in California. BTW, my sister really liked your hairdo for the Filipino ball, and she and I never saw a dark barong before. I did not see fireworks, but I heard them go off. Then again, they sounded like gun shots so I stayed at home that night. I think the only highlight of the 4th of July is having a long lost friend drop by and she came out to me. What's with the Scrabble games, Ching? You just bought a new set? When my girlfriend visited me, we played Monopoly four times in a two week period. Before I met her, I would play one Monopoly game every decade or so. I really believe you get to see the true colors of person once you play Monopoly with them. I watched my sweet, innocent girlfriend turn into a greedy, ambitious, little cheater. The movies I saw this summer were Shrek and Tomb Raider. Both movies I enjoyed immensely. My sister and her fiance were disappointed with A.I. to say the least. He said, "Speilberg owes me 8 bucks." I've been wanting to watch Memento for a while now. And I can't wait for Final Fantasy. Ching, what is your main e-mail address? I thing Web Cloggers is the best name (that I suggested--I'm sure someone else could come up with something better). It goes with your slogan about the basis of your chingay sites.

 Love is always a wonderful thing [blush]. I took the gender test - 86% male - and there weren't even any questions about fantasy baseball! Also took the sex text - it says one more person, and I'll be in love. I really only see that happening if (a) Kim finally gets sick of my sh*t, or (b) I outlive her. I quit at two tests - they block the spark from here - I had to go through SafeWeb to get there. Daf

 This is our portrait, taken at the 14th Annual Filipino Dinner-Dance.&nbsp; We both look stiff, but it looks great considering the photographer only took one shot. ;-) I saw What Women Want in the theatres with Brian when it first came out.&nbsp; It was actually his idea.&nbsp; Looking back, I'm not so surprised that urlLink TheSpark.com guessed he was a woman.&nbsp; I really like it.&nbsp; It was pretty funny.&nbsp; We were actually contemplating on buying the DVD the last time we were at Hollywood Video.&nbsp; They're having a huge sale. &gt;&gt; and then, um, well, you know... We did some of that last night, too ! &nbsp; *giggles*&nbsp; It was make up for the other day.&nbsp; I was being really moody and grumpy (my only guess is that it was PMS, but it came kind of early).&nbsp; Everything was pissing me off.&nbsp; We were over at Brian's parents' house.&nbsp; We were sitting in our lawn chairs on the driveway watching the neighbors blow up fireworks.&nbsp; I was feeling neglected so I ignored him the rest of the evening..&nbsp; But we made up already. =) By the way, urlLink TheSpark.com says that I am 33% gay: 2% gayer than average.

 Web Cloggers sounds good ! Our 4th of July: Played a 9am mass. Kim was supposed to come, but has been having food reaction problems lately. So she stayed home, and we canceled a long-distance shopping trip we had planned. Did some shopping closer to home, rented What Women Want (pretty good, not great), did some gardening, surfed a little, tweaked a couple of songs I'd been working on (maybe I'll post an mp3 when they're closer to ready). I drop my vegetarian routine for major holidays - so we did some burgers on the barbie, had a few beers, watched our movie, and then, um, well, you know... Didn't see our kids all day! Sad in a way, but made for a peaceful day. Our counselor said (Wednesday night) that she doesn't think we need to come anymore - we worked through the "partnership" issues, sounds like we're to a point where we can handle whatever curves life (and especially life in the form of the kids) throws at us next. Knock on wood, the garden actually looks good this year - first time! We put down some really good soil this year, I'm sure that helped. Daf

 I kind of like Web Cloggers , but we'll leave it open for other suggestions.&nbsp; If there are no other suggestions that are better than Web Cloggers by the 20th of this month then that will be the name of our blog.&nbsp; What do you guys think? Speaking of tests, Brian took the Gender Test and urlLink TheSpark said he was a woman.&nbsp; 83% sure, to boot ! &nbsp; I took the test and it guessed me to be a woman also.&nbsp; So basically, Brian and I are a lesbian couple.&nbsp; Kidding ! &nbsp; It's really not that accurate I suppose.&nbsp; Perhaps not enough people have taken the test. We had a barbecue at our house yesterday to celebrate the Fourth of July.&nbsp; It was a small one.&nbsp; We were expecting just Brian's parents, Brian and I.&nbsp; Brian's mom canceled because she wasn't feeling good.&nbsp; Earlier that afternoon we (Donna, Dave, Kevin, Brian and I) had all gone to watch A.I. (it reminded me of Bicentennial Man , but I liked Bicentennial Man better because it actually made me cry ~~ Brian says A.I. would've made me cry, I just wasn't in the mood for it).&nbsp; I think the heat may have gotten to her.&nbsp; It was really hot out yesterday.&nbsp; It was affecting my mood: I was being sorta grumpy. Instead, Brian's granparents (Clark and Betty) and his dad came.&nbsp; Brian grilled some pork chops and we had corn on the cob and mashed potatoes.&nbsp; We also had some cantaloupe and watermelon.&nbsp; Brian and Dave (his dad) opted to skip the fruits and go for Nest&eacute; Crunch ice cream bars instead.&nbsp; Dinner was really delicious.&nbsp; Brian and I are getting good use out of his grill.&nbsp; I don't regret buying it for him. We played a game of Scrabble to kill time because it was still bright outside.&nbsp; I won.&nbsp; After Scrabble it was dark enough to start blowing up fireworks.&nbsp; We had quite a few: mostly sparklers, nothing illegal (except for the free firecrackers that the store was giving away).&nbsp; It was a lot of fun.&nbsp; I think Brian's grandparents really enjoyed themselves.&nbsp; How did you guys spend your holiday?

 Hi, everyone! I hope everyone enjoyed their 4th of July. I received a surprised visit from a friend. My summer has a running theme: getting reacquainted with friends. BTW, Ching, thank you for the invitation. I'm new to this so I hope it works out. I revisited the spark.com website. I remember taking the purity test a months ago, but I cannot remember my score. I scored 52% slutty on the slut test (with the worldwide average being 46%). For the Gay Test I'm 56% gay (the typical lesbian is 39%). And according to spark's Gender Test, statistically my gender is male. Spark is inaccurate. And I think the people who run that site dislike Canadians. Names? Web Cloggers, Net Hoggers, Ching's Loggers

 I prefer not to have the word "blog" in the title.&nbsp; Any other ideas? By the way, Glee should be here soon.&nbsp; I just resent out her invitation to the correct email address.

 How about: Blog-Blog-Bo-Bog (Banana-fana-fo-fog) Bloglings Blognoids Bloggers' Cramp There were more, but they were even worse. Daf

 It's not your fault, Daf.&nbsp; Your &lt;TAGS&gt; were correct.&nbsp; Yahoo! and GeoCities just don't like to share their non-HTML content.&nbsp; It does not allow external hosts to access image and sound files.&nbsp; Sorry ! In case I forget: Happy Fourth of July! By the way, you guys need to help me come up with a name for our 'blog.

 Let's try this: If it worked, it's a picture of our back yard from a couple of years ago. If not, I guess it's an indication of how little I really know about HTML. Daf

 Yahoo has all kinds of fantasy sports, Ching - I think I saw about 30 on their list. Baseball's the only one that trips my trigger, though. Hey, I forgot to tell you - AIM magazine (a publication of World Library Press, who makes the little missalettes that you see in a bunch of Catholic churches) wants me to write an article about my teen choir. 1500 words, $250. I'm excited and nervous - probably why I haven't written it yet, or even started. Deadline's a couple of months from now, so there's plenty of time (famous last words?). As far as my "published composer" status, that still hasn't hasppened yet, either - contract's signed, but no other info. GIA (the publisher) told me it could be 18 months - it's been 16 so far. See ya, Daf

 Jen is doing okay, Pia.&nbsp; She has her own place (a crummy apartment with no air-conditioning unit only God knows where -- she gave Mom the address after she moved there, but Mom wasn't paying attention or didn't care, probably a little of both, so we don't know where it is).&nbsp; Mom was pretty upset and Dad was really angry at first, but they got over it.&nbsp; Jen has been pulling antics like these ever since I can remember.&nbsp; Mom and Dad are used to it now, sad to say.&nbsp; Matt takes care of Logan for the most part.&nbsp; Mom and Karen, Matt's mom, take turns baby-sitting throughout the week. Your fantasy baseball team sounds interesting, Daf.&nbsp; I'm glad that it's doing well.&nbsp; I'm not much of a sports fan, much less a baseball fan.&nbsp; I don't know what anything is.&nbsp; It's interesting, though ! &nbsp; Don't they have fantasy football and fantasy basketball, too?

 Gosh Ching! What happened to Jen?! From the way it sounded, it seemed inevitable that she and Matt would break up. So who has the baby now? I hope they are both okay. I can only imagine how horrible your parents feel. It is difficult when you still have to worry about your grown children. Anyhoo goodluck! I hope you had a chance to talk to her. Maybe you can talk some sense into her.

 My Fantasy Life Well, there are fantasies, and there are fantasies. But here's a surprise one for me - fantasy baseball. A 'net acquaintance of mine was putting a league together, and asked me to join. I spend way too much time surfing anyhow, and wanted to tell him "no". But baseball was always "my" sport, so I decided to give it a try. When I was a kid, we used to play something like this - my best friend Bobby had a board game with a bunch of circular "cards" with a big hole in the middle. Around the outside of the circle was the player's name, accompanied by lines marking off a pie graph version of his stats. So, for example, Mickey Mantle would have a big section of home runs, along with a HUGE slice for strikeouts whereas PeeWee Reese had a much smaller homer slice, but also a lot fewer strikeouts, and bigger slices for singles and doubles. I forget the name of THAT game - it certainly didn't have the word "fantasy" in it. Fast forward 35 years. Nobody has games with spinners anymore - there's probably even an electronic version of Hi-Ho-CherryO - and we're not stuck with stats-from-the-past. So fantasy baseball, or at least this flavor, involves putting a team together, and then pulling their stats every night - best stats wins - but it's the league founder who determines the points. So he decided, for example, that you don't get anything for being walked, and that pitchers don't lose anything for taking a loss or allowing runs. So at first, I had no idea who to draft - so I went for an all-Hispanic/Asian team. Because of the way the draft went, I didn't get all my picks, but had what I thought was a pretty good team. Pretty soon, though, I was "floundering" (ironic, in that "Flounders" was the name of my team) around 6th or 7th place, out of a league of 8 teams. So something had to change. Nobody had drafted any rookies, so I went out and got the hot ones. and a few cold-career/hot-season guys. But I couldn't get past 6th place. But then I got the secret - it was the starting pitchers. You get points for innings pitched, strikeouts, wins, complete games, shutouts. But you only get 3 starting pitcher slots, plus 2 relievers and 3 utility pitchers. Starters only pitch every 5 days or so - so how do you maximize your pitchers' innings? You (1) load your bench with starters, and (2) make as many of your guys combined relievers / starters as possible. (1) lets you swap scheduled starters in every time it's their turn - this is way more productive than keeping hitters on the bench - 'cos you're hoping your hitters are playing every day anyhow. (2) Lets you put any pitcher anywhere - so you can have a scheduled starter in a reliever's spot. Guys with this designation (combined starter / reliever) tend to be last year's relievers, who've been promoted to this year's starters. So you're thinking, "nice theory, Daf, but how does it play out?" It took about 4 weeks, maybe 5, to move from 6th place to first. The Flounders are smokin' ! Two weeks in first place, and pulling away. This is just so cool, 'cos I always wanted to win at baseball, and never could. First baseman, average glove, no hit. Even in my old "spinner" game, I usually lost, 'cos Bobby was such a baseball geek. So, for the moment anyway, the Flounders rule! All the rest of you teams (especially the naughtybeavers, for picking such a tasteless and obvious name), eat Flounder dust! Daf

 face="verdana, arial, helvetica">Didn't know you were out of school, Ching. Still at Spiegel's?

 I haven't been writing much.&nbsp; Busy with work.&nbsp; I'm thinking of going back to school next year.&nbsp; I hope to finally get my degree someday. =)

 ALIAS: DafDuc SIGN: Aries/Taurus cusp BDAY: April 19 (long, long ago) HBBS: playing music, writing music, listening to music, watching movies, and now - BLOGGING! LCTN: Emmett, MI (look at the palm of your right hand - now look at the base of the thumb, right at the crease, halfway across, up a little... no, that's too far - down a little. There it is. Don't blink.)

 Up to you, April. My prediction: It won't make you happy. Good Luck. Daf

 thanx u guys.... just an update, he called me last nite. um...he's asking for me back. he said that my month of torture is done, and he's DECiDED to take me back. i wanna say yes so i can torture him, heehee (*_,*) i want him to hurt, feel my pain. i hope that's not too psychotic?

 ALIAS: aJ, GucciBear SIGN: aries BDAY: 041679 HBBS: text messaging(",) dancing--no rave schtuff, reading--lately...classics, blogging, playstation dance revolution, SHOPPiNG!!! LCTN: Sugar Land/ Houston, TX

 Okay, I'll start.. ALIAS: Chingay SIGN: Scorpio BDAY: October 30 HBBS: blogging, reading, bowling, dancing (swing and salsa), watching movies, spending time with my honey LCTN: Wichita, KS I've been reading your diary, Glee..&nbsp; How come you're not your sister's maid of honor?

 It's been a while since I last posted. I read April's diary entry. EEEEEK! I agree w/ Daf and Ching. But that's all I'm gonna say cuz I promise myself I won't give any more advice. Hey, Ching, I learned how to code some HTML. You might want to check out urlLink www.opendiary.com .

 I agree with Daf.&nbsp; This is a guy who is definitely not worth waiting for ! &nbsp; You can do so much better ! &nbsp; I can't believe that your friends are actually telling you to wait for him..&nbsp; Wait for him to what?&nbsp; Wait for him to grow up?&nbsp; He does not have the right to make you feel low.&nbsp; Why be miserable when you have the opportunity to be happy? By the way, I don't know if you guys have noticed but I've moved the blog.&nbsp; It's no longer at chingay.net/groupblog because chingay.net seems to have disappeared off the face of the web..&nbsp; The new URL, should you feel the urge to see the actual page, is geocities.com/chingsnotes/groupblog ..&nbsp; It's longer, I know..&nbsp; but we don't have a choice ~~ we're internet squatters ! And since noone wants to go for the blurb thing..&nbsp; I've decided on a series of questions that everyone can answer and we can put it in the right-hand column. ALIAS: [nickname] SIGN: [zodiac sign] BDAY: [year is optional] HBBS: [list your hobbies] LCTN: [location.. city, state] How's that?

 Hey April... ...RUN. Don't just walk away. RUN. The right guy is worth waiting for. Try to find a grown-up, though. Grownup is more a state of mind than an age - you can tell if they're grown-ups because (1) they know that they can't have a healthy relationship if Mom's still number 1 ("Dr. Freud! Paging Dr. Freud! Your patient is ready!"); (2) They actually want to have a healthy relationship; and (3) They won't resort to name-calling. Whatever a "Puta" is. Sounds like something less than a compliment. And how did I wind up being the only one here who doesn't know Tagalog? Daf

 because i have gone over the entry limit.....i will force myself to enter small notes next time...heehee(",)

 ching, here's a very long entry. you wanted me to elaborate, rite? i pulled it from my diary. AUGUST 5, SAT louie broke up with me! yea, for real.... he was constantly confusing me on whether he really loved me or maybee he thought he loved me crap so, the day before our TWO YEAR-SEVEN MONS anniv we fought on the fone. both of us have been working alot, seeing less of each other, and frankly, we have been sooo happy and not fighting at all after some silly statements, at the end he said that i was a bitch. i told him he did not mean it...and that he doesnt knoe what he's saying. in restrospect, i think he heard me saying that he couldnot speak english words well that wasnt what i meant i told him i was "bitchin"--nangungulit....not a bitch! i was hurt hmm....sometimes even i dont say sum words well butt, the point is...he kept saying it, and he ended up telling me that the reason why my father left mah mom was because of me.....a bitch! he kept calling me PUTA....PUTA.... he wouldnt stop!!! so, i made a remark, bent on revenge: i told him not to compare me to his mother. his mom is really a prostitute....she asks money in return for sex....up to now, here in htown he told me that his mother will always be first in his heart and his life. why??? dont really ask me, because ive been asking myself that how can you love someone that try to kill you even before you were born? and up to now? yea.....malas ko ano. so, he did not talk to me for like five days. last nite, we went out tho watched rush hour 2 nothing happened and it was sad to be next to each other without holding hands or sharing a coke see, i know u probably calling me stupid for even setting up myself to a never-ending fall but, gurl, i wanted to see him baddddd to prove whether he loves me still or he has definitely deleted me out of his life and what to do with the car. i lent him my name...my credit. i know....mistake ***sigh*** well.... i failed to get any of those at least he's talking to me and u kno, i havent cried as much that's a first. u wanna knoe another one? well, i havent begg him to come back not once i did tell him tho that cool off to me means were still together just sorting things out but he wanted a break up and to date other girls...play the field... be free... why are guys like that? i know we're still young and that's why i never told him no... because if we ended up together, i wouldn't be blamed for him missing out on anything. i sabe to him that i will wait for him however; IF he goes and messes with another then he should not even try to woe me but tell me to stop hoping he promised lets just hope that this is the one he keeps at least this butt, i pray to GOD that he does not regret or pay for his decisions bec im starting to think that i can live my life without him ***LAKE SUMMERViLLE*** AUG. 25 to make ammends for not taking me to the FRiO RiVER with him, LOUiE invited me to go jet-skiing with his bball crew. i went.. it was weird. LOUiE & i were acting as if we were a couple... well, it was whenever he felt like i mattered. he left me to fend for myself many a times. i survived..... he came close to me, held my hand, kissed me, and all that. butt when he started groping my body, i almost slapped his face! like the numbness i felt, my face showed no emotions with each thrusting sexual move he tried to enact underwater.... making rude comments on whether we never did it at a lake or if i missed his company in my bed. i told him we already broke up, di ba??? and he would ignore me. enihow, he proceeded to be lovey-dopey with me. i played along.... thinking maybee i can hurt him in his own game. he told me that he had lots of girlfriends... but i am his GiRL forever. i got bruised and beaten-up bad because LOUiE thought he was an experienced jet-skier. he even enraged LiN --one of the nice gurls who was responsible and spent money on the trip-- we ended up stuck in the middle of the lake. LOUiE rode away....left LiN & i to be dragged-off to shore. my arms hurt and i drank lake water..... awful!!!! then he tells us, that when we were cursing his name, as we were being pulled by his careless driving, he got hurt. ***scoff*** um.....i'm so sorry, i'd forgotten how sensitive he was. get this.... he will marry me eventually. if and when he forgives me, he'll decide to take me back!!! aite.....that was the last straw. i am going to make this bad boi bleed. i will finaLee bee the bitch he tells everybody i am, and teach him one of life's lessons. "be humble." it bothered me that the people there where being misled... but it turns out, that i was the one that was being fooled. they said: "mabait ka pala. you're nice naman." sooo....what has LOUiE been telling them? this weak wolf in sheep's clothing confused the hell out of mah mind!! in front of people, he's exactly like his brother MiCHAEL, all angelically good, but depressingly rotting of evil inside. ***scoff*** humff, he had the audacity to force me to drive home. i said i couldnt because if i opened mah legs i would have a major accident. he said that i was a problem. that he wouldn't have driven if i was not there, that this is the last time he would aske me out. um.....missing something here!!! i DID NOT ask him to take me with him. and he does not have the power to make me feel low. i told him that he was pathetic to even play-off being all macho and respected. he was neither.

 April, it depends on the nature of the break up.&nbsp; If YOU screwed up, then YOU have to take him back..&nbsp; If HE cheated on YOU, then you're not obligated to take him back.&nbsp; If the break up was over something really petty, then it's worth taking the time to work things out.&nbsp; Brian and I always work things out.&nbsp; He doesn't believe in running away from your problems.&nbsp; He doesn't believe in just throwing all that you have worked for away..&nbsp; Like I said, it depends on the circumstances.&nbsp; I am not going to pry, but you are welcome to elaborate on your situation..&nbsp; Perhaps then we will be able to give you more suitable advice.

 thanX a bunXh, you guys!!! (",) i am actually happy that you guys are NOT telling me to wait for him or whatever...just like everybodyelse is saying!!! he just called me, and i think because he saw me having sooo muxh fun at club RoXY'S last nite. i hafta to say that the only thing worst than a heart aching are mah joints and head hurting after drinking and dancing. i just wanna put in record, that i, aJ, is berry jealous of Ms. CHiNG for getting the best daymn schedule enibody could ask for. Yesterdy was my 13th day of working straight, and having the weekend off does not justify my having a b*tchiE manager. im happee cause you guys are happee ('o',)

 Guess what, everyone ! &nbsp; I'm going to day-shift ! &nbsp; Instead of working 1-9:30pm, I'll be working 9am-5:30pm.&nbsp; My days off will be Fridays and Saturdays, but I'm hoping somehow I'll get them changed to Sundays and Mondays (which is really my first choice because those are Brian's days off, too).

 There is nothing more painful than getting over a heartache. Give yourself some time to heal. The more time you give to yourself, the more you'll grow as a person. Be strong!

 I agree with everyone's advice.&nbsp; Brian and I have both had our share of failed relationships.&nbsp; The key is to learn from each experience and grow as a person.&nbsp; Stay positive..&nbsp; Don't dwell on the negative.&nbsp; Keep yourself busy.&nbsp; And when you least expect it, the right person will come along.

 Hi, April! I have to agree with Daf's "stuff that'll heal the hurt" list. I heard a story about a man who asked his mother, "How can I find Miss Right?" His mother replied, "Become Mr. Right." You can take this opportunity to become a better you or enjoy the aspects of yourself or your life your fiancee could not appreciate. You now have more free time to be with friends and family. You now have more time for hobbies and activities. You can try something new, learn something new, do something new. Become Ms. Right...Date Yourself....And Be Good to Yourself.

 Hi April, sorry to hear about the breakup blog. Im sure it was for the better at least you found out while you werent married yet. I am sure that you will bounce back from it. Take heart and be strong. Net

 Sorry, April, that was the short answer. Here's stuff that'll heal the hurt: F riends F amily G od M eaningless S ex (this might only work for us guys - if your sex HAS TO be meaningful, then this could make things worse if you rush in) F un (whatever you like, especially if it was stuff you couldn't do "in the relationship" - like, my daughter's boyf refused to go bowling, now they're broken up, she can do that again) P assage O f T ime F orgiveness (which might require the passage of time) Eventually - T he R ight P erson Daf

 thanx, ching!! thanx, daf!! its taken me all this time to start bloggin' but imm glad (*_*) oh, my fiancee of almost three years decided to break up with me. after saving money and buying a car together, -- we were so ready to move in -- he ended the relationship. JUST LiKE THAT!! so, im left with broken pieces and empty promises. with a heavy... hurting heart, each day is a battle. im surprised at how much stronger i am tho bec i usually ran after him and begged. not this time tho. ...and daf, ur advice is just like everybodyelse's iLL meet someone new or something. i dont want anybody right now; i cant see myself going thru the same routine. wont i just be destroying what's left of me if i go out there with the "fishes"?

 Welcome, April ! &nbsp; I'm glad you finally made it here. Why?&nbsp; What happened?

 Hi April. Short Term: Find someone else. Long Term: Find someone else good! Daf

 k...dis bee my first time....VIRGiN ^_^ hey, chingay and everybody! how do you get over somebody as quickly as possible?

 That's a beautiful story, Vince ! By the way, our barbecue was a blast..&nbsp; Except Richard lost his keys..&nbsp; It was about 1:00 AM.&nbsp; Time to leave, when Richard suddenly realizes that he doesn't have his keys on him.&nbsp; We looked everywhere: on the couch where he and Daniella had been sitting, in his car, on kitchen counter..&nbsp; We looked everywhere ! &nbsp; Then we thought maybe he left it in Jeff's (Jeff = Richard's roommate) truck because they were outside chatting earlier in the evening. Kevin, who had stayed around also, ended up driving the three of them (Richard, Daniella and Mike = they all rode together) home.&nbsp; Brian and I strip and go to bed.&nbsp; At 2:45 AM we are sound asleep (totally) when the doorbell rings.&nbsp; I didn't even make an attempt to get up.&nbsp; Besides, I was feeling too lazy (and sleepy) to put my clothes back on.&nbsp; Brian scrambles to put his bristols (clamdiggers for men) on.&nbsp; From my half-closed eyes I get a glimpse of Mike as he walks past the door. "What was that about," I mumble as Brian returns to the bed.&nbsp; "Richard's keys weren't in Jeff's truck," Brian tells me.&nbsp; "They're checking the yard right now." The following day I find out that Richard had found his keys (thank, God ! ).&nbsp; It was laying in the grass out on our backyard all along ~~ where they had been rough-housing (Richard got a birthday-beating.. It's supposedly a tradition between Richard, Jeff and Mike from way back when.. The three of them went to high school together).&nbsp; Brian paid for it that day.&nbsp; He has to wake up early and be at work by 6:00 AM.&nbsp; He was late.&nbsp; He didn't get in trouble, though..&nbsp; I don't think.&nbsp; At least, I hope not.

 Thanks to Ching & Glee for saying nice things about my grandbaby! Daf

 THE STORY OF ROSE The first day of school our professor introduced himself and challenged us to get to know someone we didn't already know. I stood up when a gentle hand touched my shoulder. I turned around to find a wrinkled, little old lady beaming up at me with a smile that lit up her entire being. She said, "Hi handsome. My name is Rose. I'm eighty-seven years old. Can I give you a hug?" I laughed and enthusiastically responded, "Of course you can!" and she gave me a giant squeeze. "Why are you in college at such a young, innocent age?" I asked. She jokingly replied, "I'm here to meet a rich husband, get married, have a couple of children, and then retire and travel." "No seriously," I asked. I was curious what may have motivated her to be taking on this challenge at her age. "I always dreamed of having a college education and now I'm getting one!" she told me. After class we walked to the student union building and shared a chocolate milkshake. We became instant friends. Every day for the next three months we would leave class together and talk nonstop. I was always mesmerized listening to this "time machine" as she shared her wisdom and experience with me. Over the course of the year Rose became a campus icon and she easily made friends wherever she went. She loved to dress up and she reveled in the attention bestowed upon her from the other students. She was living it up. At the end of the semester we invited Rose to speak at our football banquet. I'll never forget what she taught us. She was introduced and stepped up to the podium. As she began to deliver her prepared speech, she dropped all of her 3 x 5 note cards. Frustrated and a little embarrassed she leaned into the microphone and simply said, "I'm sorry I'm so jittery. I gave up beer for Lent and this whiskey is killing me! I'll never get my speech back in order so let me just tell you what I know." As we laughed she cleared her throat and began, "We do not stop playing because we are old; we grow old because we stop playing. There are only four secrets to staying young, being happy, and achieving success. You have to laugh and find humor every day. You've got to have a dream. When you lose your dreams, you die. We have so many people walking around who are dead and don't even know it! There is a huge difference between growing older and growing up. If you are nineteen years old and lie in bed for one full year and don't do one productive thing, you will turn twenty years old. If I am eighty-seven years old and live life to it's fullest each day to achieve my dreams, I will turn eighty-eight. Anybody can grow older. That doesn't take any talent or ability. The idea is to grow up by always finding the opportunity in change. Have no regrets. The elderly rarely have regrets for the things we did, but rather for things we did not do. The only people who fear death are those with regrets." She concluded her speech by courageously singing "The Rose." She challenged each of us to study the lyrics. At the years end Rose finished the college degree she had begun all those years ago. One week after graduation Rose died peacefully in her sleep. Over two thousand college students attended her funeral - a tribute to the wonderful woman who taught by example that it's never too late to be all you can possibly be.

 Barbeque!!! I hope it doesnt turn out like the time when Homer Simpson had a bbq at his house and invited the whole town. Which brings me to the question. How small and quaint Springfield is that Homer can fit all the inhabitants in his small back yard. things that make you go hmmmm...

 Congratulations, Brian and Ching! I did not really go through Chasing Dogma long enough to make any opinion on it Alyssa Mae, what a beautiful name...Not even a month old and she is already there for the whole world to see. :)

 FROM WENCH.COM: "It's something I've come to refer to as the Skinny Paradox. It is a situation in which a media outlet known for its copious promotion of extremely thin women, particularly celebrities and models, runs an article decrying the fact that women are expected to be skinny." &gt;&gt;&gt;

 We're having our barbecue today..&nbsp; I hope many people come because I spent a ton of money buying food at Sam's Club and I would hate for it to go to waste.

 happy anniversary Cherrie and Brian. May you have more to come. Behold the power of cheese

 That's funny, Vince !! That's a really cute photo of the baby, Daf.&nbsp; Babies are so adorable.&nbsp; Congratulations again ! What did you think of Chasing Dogma , Glee?&nbsp; Brian and I are looking forward to watching Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back .&nbsp; It looks kind of silly, but we've seen all of Kevin Smith's movies so we might as well see this one, too. GREET ME ! &nbsp; GREET ME ! August 10th marked mine and Brian's second anniversary.&nbsp; We celebrated yesterday, the 11th..&nbsp; He was all secretive about what he had planned for us for the whole day.&nbsp; Our first activity was one-hour, full-body massages for the two of us at Sveta's.&nbsp; After that we went on a picnic at Sedgwick County Park.&nbsp; We then went to see a movie of my choice (because Brian said it was my day and I got to decide everything).. Legally Blonde .&nbsp; It's a really cute movie.&nbsp; We went home, took a shower, got cleaned up..&nbsp; Dinner was at 9:00 PM and then we went dancing at America's Pub after that.&nbsp; Brian, who usually hates dancing, danced with me all night.&nbsp; I was so happy ! &nbsp; He really made my day !

 The Seven Dwarfs visit The Vatican The Seven Dwarfs got of the plane and were greeted by the Pope. On their way to Luggage Claim Dopey asked the Pope: "Your Excellency, are there any midget nuns in the Vatican?" The Pope says" Nope." This disturbs Dopey. "Your Highness" says Dopey, "Are there any midget nuns in Italy?" "Im afraid not." says the Pope. Again this disturbs Dopey "Okay, are there any midget nuns in the world?" asks Dopey "Afraid not" sighs the Pope. Suddenly in the back of the pack the other six dwarfs were laughing out loud. "What is so funny?" says the Pope? One of the dwarfs replies, "Dopey fucked a penguin, Dopey fucked a penguin." ~Net

 I heard Kevin Smith is coming out with J & Silent Bob movie. Isn't that cool? I saw the Chasing Dogma comic book you mentioned at this really cool comic book store in Berkeley called Comic Relief. Speaking of comic books, I saw Ghost World last night. It was funny. The character Enid sorta reminds me of Daria. The movie is speckled with oddball characters and chockful of sarcastic wit.

 Here's a link to my granddaughter urlLink Alyssa Mae 's "official" photo. Jess says those are Tom's ears, not hers... Daf

 I don't remember how much it cost, Pia.&nbsp; Fred just sent me the ticket.&nbsp; I think he got it for free because of all the frequent flyer miles that he's accumulated.

 There is no doubt that it will be way cheaper over there in Kansas Ching. The thing is Jeff and I couldn't figure out a time when we'll both be available for a few days of vacation. School will start soon and he has to teach. It sucks I know. I wanted to see you new place. How much did it cost when you flew here 2 years ago?

 It might be expensive over there..&nbsp; After all, we're talking California.&nbsp; You should get it at a local tatoo place here, Point Blank, when you come visit...&nbsp; Come on, I'm giving you an incentive to come visit us.&nbsp; Come visit soon ! &nbsp; Okay? P.S. You get to decide what you want..&nbsp; Just sound off some ideas, Brian will draw something, we'll email it to you and then you can decide if you want it done.&nbsp; How does that sound?

 What kind of design does he have in mind? I don't want anything too big. I don't even know if I am brave enough to walk into a tatoo place (except maybe when I got my navel pierced) without cringing. :)

 I could tell Brian to design one for you, Pia..&nbsp; We'll send it to you and you can see if you want it on your body or not.&nbsp; Heh.

 That is an awesome design for a tatoo Ching. It makes me wanna get one for myself. :)

 I saw the Mexican in the movie theatre. Wasnt that an interesting flick? Kinda romantic the way the mexican was created. I gotta rent it and view it again, forgot parts of the plot since I saw it with Dot and for some reason everytime I watch movies with her I end up napping. Nice Tatoos Ching! What does it represent?

 Portland is buggin' again.. It won't let me publish ! &nbsp; Actually, I don't know if it's Portland or Blogger that's the problem.&nbsp; It's so frustrating !

 We watched The Mexican last night.&nbsp; It was okay.&nbsp; Has anyone else seen it?

 That's funny ! &nbsp; I've seen another hands-free kit that comes with masking tape.&nbsp; Personally, I prefer the rubber band because it won't stick to your hair like tape does. =) Gimme a break, Daf ! &nbsp; I feel tubby because I'm so short..&nbsp; I'd need to be a "0" to look right ! &nbsp; Wouldn't want to be as skinny as my sister is, though..&nbsp; She looks like she hasn't eaten in months ! &nbsp; Street drugs will do that to you..&nbsp; Kidding ! &nbsp; I don't know if she's still using.&nbsp; I really despise her lifestyle, but we've all given up at this point. Hey ! &nbsp; Check this out ! &nbsp; This is a drawing of Brian's that his friend Josh is getting tatooed on his back.&nbsp; It's so cool.&nbsp; I've seen it partially finished (just the black out-lines)..&nbsp; Josh will return to get the colors filled-in shortly.&nbsp; It's so huge.&nbsp; There's going to be lots more he says..&nbsp; He's going to put a background (a heavenly backdrop on one and hellish one on the other) and everything..&nbsp; He will be a walking mural soon.

 Nice shot, Net. Sorry about your run-in with NY's finest. Here's a really cool way to piss off all your girlfriends, Ching - tell 'em how fat you feel wearing a size 3! Sheesh! Daf

 I was driving home late from the Melville office when all of a sudden sounds of sirens and lights flashing behind me. I was on my cell phone. The police officer told me to pull over. For those of you that might not be in the know, New York State and Suffolk county has issued a cell phone ban while driving a car. The lady officer informed me of why I was pulled over. It didnt occur to me that they would be flagging down drivers at such a late hour - which was 1 am! I got a summons for 175 smakaroons and a word of advice from the officer to get a hands free device. I thanked her for her concerns and drove home. Got home and reading e-mail I got this offer for the newest hands free device in circulation. check it out!!!

 Express makes me feel so FAT ! I've been wanting these hip-slung, light-weight jeans from J.Crew for a while now (a while = 48 hours)..&nbsp; but the money is tight (the jeans are $68 bucks) and I can't afford to be buying everything that I want on whim.&nbsp; Anyhow, I saw this add in a catalog for some Levi's 518 jeans..&nbsp; I was like, "Wow ! &nbsp; Only $42 dollars ! &nbsp; This is it.&nbsp; We're there ! " So we go to the mall right after we drop my friend Misty off at the airport (a whole 'nother story in itself).&nbsp; We went to both Dillard's and J.C. Penny with disappointing results.&nbsp; The good thing was, they were cheaper at the mall.&nbsp; At Dillard's they were only $35 and at J.C. Penny they were $29.99 ~~ shows you how much of a difference it makes going to the right store.&nbsp; The bad news was that it didn't come in my size:&nbsp; Levi's 518 don't come in S (short length).&nbsp; I so wanted to cry ! &nbsp; More and more, those $68 hip-slung jeans from J.Crew were looking good. Brian talks me into going to Express.&nbsp; I hadn't been there in a while..&nbsp; We try to stay away from Express because everytime I go there I end up dropping $200. This time around I only spent $60 and got a pair of jeans, a v-neck shirt, and a $25 Fast Cash coupon (for $25 off any $50 purchase) out of it.&nbsp; Not bad, considering that for $70 all I would get from J.Crew would be a pair of jeans (and a $10 gift card ~~ it's their current promotion). I'm a 3/4 in Express jeans (in skirts, I'm still a 1/2), though ! &nbsp; Can you believe it?&nbsp; At least J.Crew jeans make me think I'm really a size 2.&nbsp; I still like those hip-slug, light-weight, aged denim jeans, though..&nbsp;So today, I'm going to return a pair of J.Crew jeans that I received the other day and exchange them for the new ones that I like ! =)

 P.S. - I knew that, Cherriemae! First thing I thought, when she told me she was spelling it with an "e". Nothing recorded yet - soon I hope... Daf

 Guess what.&nbsp; Pirated copies of American Pie 2 are circulating on the internet.&nbsp; urlLink READ MORE &gt;&gt;

 Do you have the song recorded as a sound file?&nbsp; That would be soo neat ! &nbsp; I wish we could listen to it. P.S. My middle name is Mae, too !

 Baby Baby Girl For Alyssa Mae Ostrander 1. Baby girl, baby girl, don't your mama feed you? Well, I know she does, I can see you sucklin' morning, noon and night, So baby girl, why you cry? 2. Baby girl, baby girl, don't your mama change you? Well, I know she does, there's a pile of diapers climbing toward the sky, So baby girl, why you cry? R. Hey now, is that a smile, is that a smile just for me? Or is it for your mama, well I s'pose that it must be, 'Cos I haven't seen a bond that's stronger anywhere in this world Than 'tween your mama and her girl. 3. Baby girl, baby girl, don't your mama walk you? Well, I know she does, I know I've seen her take you on a ride, So baby girl, why you cry? 4. Baby girl, baby girl, don't your mama hug you? Well, I know she does, I see her hold on to her girl real tight, So baby girl, why you cry? R. Hey now, is that a smile, is that a smile just for me? Or is it for your mama, well I s'pose that it must be, 'Cos I haven't seen a bond that's stronger anywhere in this world Than 'tween your mama and her baby girl. 5. Baby girl, baby girl, don't your mama watch you? Well, I know she does, I always see her right there by your side, So baby girl, why you cry? 6. Baby girl, baby girl, don't your mama love you? Well, I know she does, I see the fire glowing in her eye, So baby girl, why you cry? R. Hey baby baby girl, is that a smile just for me? Or is it for your mama, well I s'pose that it must be, 'Cos I haven't seen a bond that's stronger anywhere in this world Than 'tween your mama and her baby girl. (Coda) Well, I know your mama loves you, I see the fire glowing in her eye, So baby girl, why you cry? Baby girl, don't you cry. Copyright Jay Ricketts, 2001

 TFC isnt part of the plethora of cable channels here in NYC.Its really odd that they are not since there is a lot more Filipinos here in New York and New Jersey. My friend had it and she has to pay $30 buks a month just to get this antenna that receives the signal. One word: "Balls!!"

 Jess named her after my sister Alison, her favorite aunt, who died 12 years ago of Hodgkins'. I guess actually calling her Alison had a little too much emotional baggage with it, so she used a variation instead. Works for me, but MY mom gave her a bunch of crap about it - "Baggage? Why would there be baggage? Alison would be a wonderful name!" And she wonders why Jess never calls her. If I'm a PIA like that when I'm in my 70's, I sure hope someone gives me what for. Mae is 'cos both Jess and Tom were born in May, and it had a nice ring to it. And I was wrong - the baby is Alyssa Mae Ostrander - she took Tom's last name. Also worked for me, though Kim didn't seem thrilled about it. Anyhow, they're home with us now, and life is good, at least for the moment... Daf

 Congratulations, Jay ! &nbsp; Alyssa seems to be a really popular name.&nbsp; Just recently, my new boss Carroll became a grandmother herself.&nbsp; Her daughter's baby was named Alyssa Marie.&nbsp; I really like the name Alyssa.&nbsp; I'm contemplating using the name for my first daughter, too. By the way, have you all seen Planet of the Apes yet?&nbsp; It's really good.&nbsp; I liked it a lot ! P.S.&nbsp; Net, if you get TFC (which is the only way one can get TV PATROL if one doesn't reside in California) you'll be able to watch it.

 Net, here in the San Francisco Bay Area there's a tv channel that has various ethnic programming (in Chinese, Vietnamese, East Indian, Japanese, etc.). From Monday through Friday, Filipino programming comes on around early evening 5ish PM, one show that is on is called TV PATROL. My tagalog is very poor, but from what I gather it's a sensationalistic Filipino news program. It has things like miracles seen near a statue of the Virgin Mary or a feature on circumcision on young boys or some gossip on actors. But on occassion it also has news clips on government and one time I saw them show the Mayon Volcano eruption. I don't like watching that channel because I cannot understand most of it. No one in my family is a good translator. If anyone has seen TV PATROL, correct me if I'm wrong cuz when I see/hear news from the Philippines I'm not really sure what is true and what is tabloid anymore.

 NO!!! i am NOT gettin married...heehee. he is tryin to get back wid mee tho. and of course, i learned mah lesson. i told him that if really sees me in the future wid himm then he goTTa wait for me this time. so, he's schweatin badd and i like him spending money and time on me this time....its a long stretch since i DID NOT get that when we were going. enihoo, bless all of you!!! and have a schmile, k?

 Hey Ching! I'm still agnostic on the details. We're trying to know the unknowable, prove the unprovable. As (my hero) Douglas Adams pointed out, a God who requires faith of his people isn't going to provide proof, 'cos then who needs faith? I chose Catholicism (after growing up Presbyterian) so I could worship with my wife and kids, and 'cos I like some of the Catholic music, and they invited me to play in their ensemble. I accept our theological assertions as possible, but, of course, unprovable. I spent a long time away from the church... 18-28, I think. And really only active in the last 9-10 years. It was easy to walk away, and kind of hard to come back. Glad I did, though. And you may have heard this before, but atheism requires as much faith as the most stringent forms of Christianity, because atheists are saying, essentially, that they believe there's nothing beyond their perception or understanding (or that they understand the things that ARE beyond their understanding well enough to know that whatever causes them, it's NOT God). In my case, I was visited, near as I can tell, by the Holy Spirit, who gave me a fully arranged 6-part-harmony gospel-style setting of the Gloria. I'd never composed anything even halfway good before, then all of a sudden BAM! Woke up in the middle of the night, song wouldn't go away for 3 days, 'til I finally sat down and charted it out. My choir (this was back before I was a director) loved it, and it brought down the house when we debuted it Christmas Eve 1996. So it's easy to believe when something like that happens to you. It's much tougher without any overt contact - then it REALLY takes faith. Sorry if any of this sounded like preaching. Not my intent. I'm glad to see you've got an open mind about it! And I hope your sister straightens out soon. Her baby needs her clean and sober. Daf

 Those are wonderful services that you mentioned.&nbsp; As you all know, I am an atheist.. But I'm leaning more and more toward agnosticism of late.&nbsp; Life is just too magnificent.&nbsp; I compare my life to the less fortunate and I just can't help but be thankful.&nbsp; I don't think that it's all a coincidence either.&nbsp; There's got to be a higher power out there watching out for me ! &nbsp; Brian, on the other hand, has always believed in God.&nbsp; He used to always tell me, "How can we be together for ever, if after you die you just turn to dust?&nbsp; I'll be in heaven all by myself ! "&nbsp; Brian doesn't go to church, but we have resolved to start attending church soon to give our future children balance.&nbsp; When they are old enough to make a decision, we will allow them to choose whether or not to continue attending. Brian's brother Kevin recently lost his job at Sam's Club.&nbsp; He has had a difficult time finding employment because of his felony (teenagers, drug possession).&nbsp; They are working on an expungement.&nbsp; In the meantime, several potential employers have turned him down because of this.&nbsp; He began attending church again..&nbsp; A good thing.&nbsp; We are hoping that this will help turn his life around.&nbsp; He is kind of stuck in his high school days (he is my age -- we went to the same school and belonged in the same class -- class of 96 -- we never knew each other, though).&nbsp; He even used to date girls that were still in high school (up until recently) to his parents' dismay.&nbsp; We are all hoping that he'll grow up and mature and look to the future, instead of looking back at the past. Our siblings aren't really the creme of the crop..&nbsp; But Brian and I have both decided to still give them the privelege of being Best Man and Maid of Honor.&nbsp; To ensure that everything goes smoothly, however, we have enlisted the aid of a couple of friends.&nbsp; Richard, who is one of the groom's men will be assisting Kevin and Misty, a friend of mine from work and one of the bridesmaids, will be assisting Jen. Speaking of Richard, he and his fianc&eacute; Daniella, came over for dinner last Sunday.&nbsp; Yes, they are now engaged ! &nbsp; Initially the plan was to gather all their friends together and propose to her on Valentine's Day (he had already purchased the ring and was just going to hang on to it until then)..&nbsp; However, in light of everything that has happened, he proposed to her on September 11, fearing that if the shit hit the fan, he might not have the opportunity to profess his undying love and affection (think Forever Young -- he's just as big of a movie buff as Brian and I are).&nbsp; Anyway, I cooked Menudo for us (I cook a whole bunch, too, anticipating that Jeff -- Daniella and Richard's roommate -- and his girlfriend Karen were coming).&nbsp; Karen was going to bring Flan (one of my favorite desserts), but due to some unexpected complications neither Jeff nor Karen were able to attend (long story, I may tell you later).&nbsp; We played some chess (Daniella recently learned how to play, Richard is playing even more frequently now).&nbsp; I invited Jen to come over and help eat the food. Speaking of Jen, she arrived bawling..&nbsp; About that whole thing of being forbidden by Matthew to see their son.&nbsp; Are you ready for this?&nbsp; (You are about to hear Jen's account of the whole situation.)&nbsp; Matt and Jen and their friends Russ and Cora (another couple -- Matt and Russ are best friends and were roommates for a really long time) and Jude (Matt's brother) got together one night and they were drinking (and probably doing drugs, too, knowing Jen) and they got really fucked up.&nbsp; Cora got a bug up her ass and wanted to flash Matt and Jude (yes, they were really fucked up).&nbsp; They were saying that she could on one condition: Jen must mess around with Russ (yes, they were really, really fucked up -- either that or they're just plain stupid -- then again, it might be the second one).&nbsp; A person of sound mind would think, "Gee, this must be the guys' way of deterring Cora from making a complete fool of herself ! "&nbsp; but my retarded sister takes it literally and goes on to mess around with Russ.&nbsp; Granted, Matt should have known better.&nbsp; He knows how stupid and unstable my sister is..&nbsp; I'm beginning to think that he might have done it on purpose to find reason to get mad at her and forbid her from seeing Logan -- but then, I can't convince myself that he is both that smart and that conniving.&nbsp; So anyway, Matt popped a gasket and there you have it.&nbsp; Jen is now talking to a lawyer about taking primary custody over her son..&nbsp; Which Brian and I both think is a bad idea, knowing her history and knowing how little she cares for him.&nbsp; What do you guys think?

 I attended my sister's lingerie party. My sister is practical. She just wants Soen brand cotton briefs from the Philippines. Instead I bought her leopard-print undies simply because she whispered that's what her fiance would want (for her to wear--not him! j/k) The party was fun. I have never seen so many pink striped boxes and bags before. By the looks of it, it seems like most of us got the idea of going to Victoria Secret's. Anyway, I talked to Liz, her maid of honor. She said that she has three sisters and each of them chose a best friend or a close friend to be their maid of honor. She thinks it's really ought to be the future bride's choice. If you really have doubts about Jen, stick with getting a best friend or close friend you can count on. The maid of honor is like the assistant to the bride. She helps with a lot of the preparations--she plans the bridal shower and what-not. It's not unheard of to have both parents walk the bride down the aisle. I think I saw it done a few times while viewing others' wedding albums. Jay, great write-up! I wish I was there for that service as well. There was a great thunderstorm in the Bay Area last night. The flashes of lightning and the roar of thunder frightened my mother. She postponed our appointment with the seamstress. We had a blackout, and we stumbled around looking for flashlights and candles. We listened to my auntie's battery-operated radio. The lights came back on a hour or so later. Well, that's it for now. Be good to yourself and each other. Peace, Glee

 content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1"> &nbsp; Hey Glee, sounds like a nice service. We had one yesterday in Detroit (downtown's about 55 miles from my house). Here's the writeup I did for one of my church music lists: It wasn't Yankee Stadium, and Pavarotti wasn't there, but it was a glorious worship experience nonetheless. My soul was well-fed and nurtured. About a thousand of us jammed into Fort Street Presbyterian Church in downtown Detroit at 4pm on Sunday to pray for peace, justice, and reconciliation. Catholics, Jews, Baptists, Muslims, Lutherans, Sikhs, Methodists, Hindus, Presbyterians, Baha'i, Orthodox, and more, all praying for the healing of our nation. Music was provided by the 100+ voice Spiritual Day Tricentennial choir (this year is the 300th anniversary of the founding of Detroit), a number of cantors (or other faiths' versions of cantors), and a very active assembly. 15 - 20 different folks led us in prayer, and provided reflections, including Cardinal Maida, who gave the statement of purpose. The high points: ALL the music! (list below) Baptist Rev. Edward Branch's reflection about where God calls us; Presbyterian Rev. Arlene Wallace Gordon's prayer, based on Ps. 24; Imam Abdul Hakim Jackson's reflection about Abraham, our common ancestor in faith (best snippet for the day - &quot;always act in faith and obedience, let God provide the results&quot;); Prayer litany led by 3 middle school kids - one Muslim girl, one Jewish boy, one Christian girl the common thread through ALL the prayers and reflections - the shared faith and purpose that unite us. Here's what I know of the song list: Prelude: Spiritual Day Tricentennial Choir (I only caught the tail end, and did not recognize the songs, but participated where I could, when invited) Opening: America the Beautiful, assembly and choir Hymn: O God, Our Help (St. Anne, new verses by Carolyn Gillette - I'll put them below with copyright info), assembly and choir Musical Interlude: Battle Hymn (cool arrangement for B-3 and drums), choir ..........................: Total Praise (Smallwood), choir (those of us who know (and LOVE) this joined in) Chanted prayer by Jeremy Campion of the Muslim Unity Center Chanted prayer by (n?) from the Hindu temple Closing: T'filat Haderich (Traveler's Prayer), cantor Stephen Dubov of Temple Beth El and assembly - lyrics below O God Our Help, extra verses: ----------------------------------------------- O God, our words cannot express the pain we feel this day; Enreged, uncertain, we confess our need to bow and pray. We grieve for all who lost their lives and for each infured one; We pray for children, husbands, wives whose grief has just begun. O Lord, we're called to offer prayer for all our leaders, too; May they, amid such great despair be wise in all they do. We trust your mercy and your grace; In you we will not fear! May peace and justice now embrace! Be with your people here! copyright 2001, Carolyn Winfrey Gillette, 305 S. Broadway, Pitman NJ 08071. All rights reserved. T'filat Haderich (Traveler's Prayer) ----------------------------------------------- May we be blessed as we go on our way. May we be guided in peace. May we be blessed with health and joy. May this be our blessing. Amen. May we be sheltered by the wings of peace. May we be kept in safety and love. May grace and compassion find their way to every soul. May this be our blessing. Amen. (no copyright info given) Jay

 April, youre getting married? I thought you just broke up with THAT guy? As far as moms walking their daughter up the aisle, I feel that its no big deal. My mom walked my sister up the aisle since my parents are divorced and my sister insisted that Mom do it not DAD. As you might filter, my sister holds a lot of animosity towards my dad. My brother in law even tried to settle the disagreements but my sister Marie just wont have it. The market is up right now. I hope it stays there. For those of you that are watching the economy, pay close attention to those Oil Futures. If they start rising significantly, be prepared for a war with IRAQ. Ching, what a mess Jen has made. Awaiting the further exploits... ~Net

 Speaking of walking down the aisle, my mom, who is not to be out-done, wants to walk me down the aisle (or down to the garden -- because it's going to be an outdoor, garden wedding) too..&nbsp; So I guess she and my dad are both walking me to meet my husband-to-be.&nbsp; My sister, who I guess will be my maid of honor (still thinking about it, though), continues to dodge one catastrophe over another.&nbsp; First, she and Matt (the father of her baby) break up; then, she moves back in with mom and dad; a week later, she gets kicked out of the house; mom and dad do not want anything to do with her; she and Matt are friends again; mom and dad begin to tolerate her again (she actually weazeled some jewelry out of mom and my father's laptop -- even after all that went down -- can you say "spoiled" and "manipulative" ??? -- I don't care, though -- whatever will make her get her act back together -- I just feel sorry that her life is all fucked up -- then again, all our lives will be all fucked up anyway once the shit hits the fan -- but then, at least, that's not any of Jen's doing -- then again, maybe it is? -- she always has something to do with shit going wrong); everything seems to be going fine; yesterday afternoon she calls Brian and tells him that she and Matt had a major disagreement and now he refuses to let her see Logan.&nbsp; She is devastated of course!&nbsp; Wait till you hear why he's withholding visitation rights!&nbsp; You'll find out on the next installment of.. "Jen's Fucked Up Life"

 how's everybody doin?? im freezing mah ass off at school rite now...and mah bio teacher schmells bad. enihoo, i really wanted mah bros to stand next to me at mah wedding. but, we'll see how it goes. plus, me mumm is d only one walking me down the aisle...not mah father!!! well, gotta go back to the lion's den. enjoy y'all n keep smiLin (",)

 Hello. Monday, SF had a Remembrance Day interfaith service. I watched it live. There were 12 to 14 different faiths represented. The most touching speech was given by a Muslim woman who wanted to give a "face" to who Muslims are. She said that she always considered herself a wife, a mother, a neighbor and that it was not until that "Tuesday" [Sept. 11] did she ever consider herself as the face of the enemy. She said the Koran does not condone violence or hatred. Another woman read from the Koran. A minister from the Metropolitan Church representing the LGBT community says that her community understood what it is like to be scapegoated and to be the recepients of hatred and violence. A Baptist minister got the most applause and a huge standing ovation when he said that the Koran mentioned removing "jehad" (sp?) from the self. He said the U.S. jehad is racism, sexism, homophobia, and xenophobia. He said our suffering would not be gone until we remove this from ourselves. At that service at the Civic Center, people of every stripe was there. I have never seen such a peaceful and moving service such as this. It filled me with awe and hope. I wished this was aired live throughout the nation. This is what I felt our country was about. I want to see more things like this. I'm tired of the images of the towers collapsing over and over again. I'm tired of hearing about the violent bigotry Americans are acting upon other Americans. I cannot get to my on-line diary. This sucks. I posted the e-mail my friend sent me about her narrow escape from the WTC. I am so happy my friend and her co-workers got out alive. Her story was amazing. The way she helped her co-workers was so brave. She's too modest to call herself a hero. My sister knew that I personally dislike making decisions. She already knows I also dislike formal occassions, and she knows that she would be asking a lot from me to be just a bridesmaid. Her maid of honor is a friend from church who has already gone through numerous wedding preparations before--besides, she really loves doing that kind of stuff. I think this is your wedding, and I feel you have the right to decide who your maid of honor will be. Same goes for Brian: he has the right to decide who his best man will be. Heck, at a friend's wedding, the bride did not have a maid of honor--she had a best man (and she had a younger sister); and the groom did not have a best man--he had a best woman.

 April, Its no better here in NY. I was at my branch Saturday and this lady covered in her robe from head to toe. She made a black and white copy and looking behind her back just in case anyone was looking. It looked like she was so afraid for her life. She came up to the counter to pay for her copy and the article was about how muslims were hurt too about the World Trade Terrorism. She thanked me for the copy and left the store so fast like someone was going to attack her. I felt a sad that she would be so afraid just to make a copy. In the news, an american drove into an indian owned store. I was shocked at what people are doing out there. Just because they are muslim doesnt mean that they are necessarily bad. May God protect these innocent people. Net

 Hey April. We have to stand by our Muslim friends! They've got to be feeling scared and hurt about all the unjustified crap they're taking from ignorant (!!!) haters. It makes as much sense to blame all American Catholics for Oklahoma City, since McVeigh was Catholic. Blaming hundreds of millions of Moslems for the twisted actions of a small group is unfair. And stupid. I'm pleased to see our leaders (with whom I rarely agree) reiterating this - we don't have a gripe with Arabs. We don't have a gripe with Moslems. We have a gripe with terrorists. Daf

 im glad ur friend is doing well, Cent. i had to deal with bigots and ignorants at work. we had a customer come up to our counter and slap my coworker just because she was wearing a hijab on her head. to make matters worse, she even spat at our department manager for hiring a "terrorist". yeah, it was a most stressful day at work today. plus, i went to her house and drop her off, rite. and we were watching the arabic network news on their tv. the newscasters were blaring propaganda that it was the jews that bombed the wtc. i mean, no one really knows for sure. its just very frustrating.

 Great news, Net! We added Jennifer to our prayer book at church at yesterday's mass. We had two managers from our company (Compuware) on one of the Boston planes - I didn't know them, but it still tugs at my heart. Speaking of, I have to play a funeral for a two-month-old baby tomorrow. SIDS. She was only a week or two older than Alyssa. I'm sure she's safe in the arms of the angels, but her poor family. So I was so ready for some good news. Thanks for letting us know, Net. Daf.

 For those of you who dont have Flags. Go to your Local Kinko's and ask for one its free. Kinkos is giving away free flags on laser paper. They will also print flags on vinyl material for 75% off. I think it comes to about 25 bucks. Just a little something the company I work for is doing for the community. Want to have more fun? Do a Flag Chain. Print out 5 Flags on paper and give it to five people that you know. Let those people do the same and spread nationalism!! USA, USA,USA. ~Net

 Jennifer Chu is alright. She survived the explosion. Dot called her parents and they said that she was in shock but shes gonna be alright. Im trying to avoid the city these last few days. Im staying with my mother in Queens. Were all just trying to take it easy. Couple of days ago, the wind changed direction and the smoke from Downtown travelled to Queens. I left a window open that night and I woke up with a headache and a bad sinus. Almost like I had an allergy attack. I took some coffee filters and used it as a mask tieing it to my face with rubber bands. Thank goodness it rained, the smoke conditions have faded. Were all trying to get back to normal. Monday, will be the beginning of it. Oh and for those of you who are Jewish, Tuesday is Rosh Hassanah. The coming week is also the UN Assembly. Its gonna be a busy week for New Yorkers. I wish you all a safe week. ~Net (Cent)

 I feel sorry for those in the Washington DC and New York area..&nbsp; I feel sorry for the US..&nbsp; I feel sorry for the current president who has to make all these tough decisions.. We here in Kansas have been pretty much unaffected by it all.&nbsp; There were rumors that floated around about a price-hike in gas right after the incident.&nbsp; Of course, all of us gullible Wichitans lined up at all of the gas stations to fill up our tanks.&nbsp; Yes, I was one of them.&nbsp; Brian's dad actually took it further and went to Sam's Club to stock up on canned goods, etc.&nbsp; Roads surrounding McConnell AirForce Base have been blocked off, making it difficult for Brian and I to drive to-and-from our house and Derby (to take care of Pogi).&nbsp; The checkpoints have not helped Wichita traffic any. At work we are collecting funds to donate to the Red Cross through our Eddie Bauer, Newport News and Spiegel phone customers.&nbsp; Many people are afraid that war will ensue..&nbsp; I'm worried, but optimistic that the situation will come to a peaceful resolution.&nbsp; I'm hoping, anyway.&nbsp; Let's pray that this is all over with by the time my parents have to return to the states.

 Cent, i really dont know what to tell you except to be strong. THE ROAD TO SUCCESS IS NOT STRAIGHT but WE HAVE A DRIVER CALLED GOD. All of us are next to you praying. You are not alone.

 Net, Prayers for you, and for Jennifer, and for your city, and for our country. These are sad times. Jay

 Greetings from NYC. Im okay. I woke up Tuesday and saw the second plane hit hit the other world trade tower! It was the worse shock that I ever saw with my own eyes. I tried to call my friend from Morgan Stanley and there was just busy signals. I watched the rest of the activity on television and saw both skyscrapers fall and after that I was in disbelief that this would happen in the city where I lived. I could not use my cell phone and the cable was disrupted for like 15 minutes there was no sound just pictures on the tv. Hope you friends and relatives are alright. My friend from Morgan Stanley, Jennifer Chu, is still missing. ~net

 iMM a bit Lost here....who's getting married??? aLL i gotta say is...dis wiLL bee your onLy wedding day (Let's hope) and you shouLd not be forced to foLLow the norm. Make it as memorabLe and happy for the two of you as possible. This day is for you two aLone, not anybodyeLse's! iVE been Lucky to coordinate weddings....thank God, none of mah screwed up friends's...but most of them have put the emphasis on making their guests and famiLy feeL comfortabLe and contented. To avoid troubLe, there's gotta be a Line drawn somewhere.

 Glee, the reason I was curious was because I didn't know if it would be appropriate for me not select my sister as Maid of Honor.&nbsp; I really don't want my sister to be my Maid of Honor..&nbsp; I think it will be too much responsibility for her.&nbsp; But I feel that my mom and my sister are both expecting her to be my Maid of Honor.&nbsp; It sucks.&nbsp; Brian and I are both in the same predicament.&nbsp; He would rather not have his brother be his Best Man (because he really isn't), but we both want to follow the norm.&nbsp; I'm enlisting the help of my other Bridesmaids to make sure that everything goes according to plan.&nbsp; I wish my sister wasn't such a screw up.&nbsp; Snatch was a really good movie ! &nbsp; I hooked on IncrediMail !

 like all other book to movie "Count to Monte Cristo" will probably be butchered. The director can only do so much. Plus what we will be seeing is the directors ideas that were taken from the book. If you translate Brad in filipino i think it goes like Brad Pwet.. =)

 did you guys see the preview of the "Count of Monte Cristo"? i love that book soooo much...i just dont want it butchered like the "Musketeer"! enihoo, i saw "Snatch" again in video last nite. and since i was having a hard time understanding brad puitt (",) in pikey accent at the theatre....i just have to say, thank you berry much to the closed caption option.

 I'm not the Maid of Honor because my sister is smart and very considerate.

 LCTN: misplaced

 Rush Hour 2 was mad funny! Dorothy gave me the translation while we were watching it. Its good that they didnt put in dubs or translate it with text on the bottom of the screen. It takes your vision away from the characters. Better to have a translator next to you or view it on DVD when it comes out.

 ALIAS: Glee SIGN: Pisces (cusp Aquarius/Pisces), Leo Rising, Moon in Virgo BDAY: 2-21-70 HBBS: Journalling, collage making, mail art, queer/women/ethnic lit, spokenword and slam poetry, indie and foreign films

 Speaking of movies, Brian and I rented Rush Hour (I forgot that I had seen it a long time ago and I wanted to see it before watching Rush Hour 2 , so we rented it).&nsbp; We watched it on Saturday night and went to watch Rush Hour 2 in the theaters the following day.&nbsp; Brian had previously watched it with his dad, but he didn't mind watching it again.&nbsp; In part, because there were several Chinese people in the theater when they went the first time and they would start laughing before everyone else in the theater (they didn't have to wait for the translations).&nbsp; It annoyed the crap out of him ! &nbsp; It was a lot of fun.&nbsp; I love the out-takes at the end of the movie.&nbsp; Out-takes are always funny ! Tonight's DVD rentals are Memento and Exit Wounds .&nbsp; Both movies came highly recommended.&nbsp; Memento , by Glee and Louie (our favorite video store employee) and Exit Wounds by Brian's father David and our friend Richard.&nbsp; I didn't get a chance to watch Memento in the theaters as Glee had recommended a few months ago.&nbsp; I'm glad that it's now available to rent. =)

 cent...na....i saw jeepers creepers with my bros n sis. and we hated the plot because it was soooo missing many important details, but....it scared us silly. i am berry ashamed to admit that us siblings slept with the lights on....ALL TOGETHER!!!! in the living room. yea, it's not for the scaredy cats. and i say....props to the music director or something....heehee

 k....i BROKE iT oFF for good. c'mon guys....i am not feeling anything. but...i know it's the right thing. so, ill just leave louie in my life's lessons file.

 Anybody seen Jay and Silent Bob Strike back? I cut myself on some coral when we went skin diving in Aruba. I was surprised about the shark attacks these last few weeks and all I got from skin diving was a deep cut on my foot. Consider myself lucky. And now a little bit of Yates for everyone... To My Heart, bidding it have no Fear Be you still, be you still, trembling heart; Remember the wisdom out of the old days: Him who trembles before the flame and the flood, And the winds that blow through the starry ways Let the starry winds and the flame and the flood cover over and hide, for he has no part witht the proud, majestical multitude.

 ALIAS: Vince SIGN: Cancer BDAY: June 23, 1969 HBBS: Lately, Reading Irish Poetry...Yates etc,Blogging,oh and downloading soundbytes off websites. LCTN: New York, New York

 My friend Adrian and Rinna put action figures on their wedding cake. They put Princess Lea (Rinna) and Hans Solo (Adrian) as the bride and groom. My friends and I added the extra ones later on, Darth Vader as Adrian's Father-in-Law. And Jabba the Hut as the Mother in Law... oooohhhh. When the inlaws saw it.. they wondered who those caracters were suppose to be. Well it was all in good fun. Speaking of Steak, Last week was Restaurant Week in New York City. Dot and I went to Smith and Woolensky with her cousin Kim and Kathy. For 30 dollars you can order from the Prix Fixe Menu; appetizer-soup or salad; main course- Fillet Mignon; then dessert- Cheese Cake or Chocolate Mousse Cake. Fillet Mignon is Medium Rare of course but for the 30 dollar price it was worth it!!! Normally, a Steak dinner will cost around 60 dollars and up on average at Smith and Wollensky. It will cost extra for the appetizer plus again for the dessert. I think I spent about 200 dollars the last time I went at Smith's two years ago. Glee, were you on a vegan or lacto-vegetarian diet? Net PS My brother Joe is running on the NYC Marathon this weekend. Volunteer water boys welcome...=)

 urlLink Reiki FAQ page

 Hi, everyone! I'm back! I wanted to see if I could eat a vegetarian diet for 21 days. That quickly ended when I saw my father cooking up a steak yesterday. After a week of eating whole grains, pinto and/or black beans, baby green salads, hummus etc. I got so sick eating the steak. I should've started eating eggs, fish, poultry and then moved up the food chain. I did not have the Reiki attunement. I already had my Reiki I attunement last year so it would be redundant to do it again. I was only taking this workshop as a refresher course--learn new hand positions and try to grasp what I could not understand the first time around. Reiki is "universal life energy." Many cultures talk about this energy: the Chinese call it "Qi" or "Chi, " the Japanese call it "Ki," and it has also been called "prana." Everyone has this energy, but it in order to be a clearer channel of this Reiki, one gets initiated by a Reiki Master (Teacher) through what's commonly called an "attunement." Reiki balances the energy in one's self and aids a person in his or her own healing process. A person who has an attunement can do self-treatments or do treatments for others. I don't normally dress up for Halloween. My friend Amy said she was thinking of dressing as Anne Sexton (the confessional poet who committed suicide by gassing herself in the car garage). I said I would be willing to be Sylvia Plath if she would go through with it. (Sylvia Plath did herself in by sticking her head in a gas oven.) Amy has a habit of dressing in "obscure" historical figures. She's gonna end up dressing up as a Bolshevik or a French whore (I can't remember which historical period). Amy said I could dress as a pastry tray, but I said I'm too afraid of being attacked by birds. Ching, I think Gladys (my sister) and her husband JP would be pleased to be starting a new trend in cake toppers. It sure beats paying 500 dollars for a candy version of yourself. My mother is willing to get rid of the 70s orange flower-printed couch and matching loveseat. She is also willing to get rid of the oriental rug. Unfortunately, Salvation Army is not co-operating. They keep delaying their pick-up times. Grrrrr. I swear the house I grew up in looked like a Filipino-version stage setting for the Brady Bunch. Have a Happy Halloween!

 i caNt beLieve dat i 4got dat haLLowEEn is comiNg. ouR one year oLd house was supposed to be decorated and ready to weLcome dem trick-or-treatiN boogers. i feeL suxh a faiLure. i wanted to make a giaNt spider and buy dat eLectronic one that comes down....wiTh the sensor. im suxh a scaredy cat. i saw "13 ghosts" and i did not sLeep. i cRied because my LiL bratty bRos made noises and kept on sayiNg da ghosts's names. i was in a feTaL posxn on mah bed...waiTiN for the sun to come up. da movie wasNt even scary. sooooo paTheTic!!!

 Sorry I've been out of commish for a while.&nbsp; Things have been somewhat hectic over here.&nbsp; I have not seen Caligula .&nbsp; Brian, who is very opinionated when it comes to movies, has seen it -- but he has no desire to see it again.&nbsp; I guess I am out of luck. I saw A Clockwork Orange a while back.&nbsp; I think I wrote a paper on several years ago.&nbsp; I own it on video and and I have the book which has the crucial final chapter that was conveniently omitted from the movie version.&nbsp; It's one of my all-time favorites. Speaking of movies, Final Fantasy is now available on DVD.&nbsp; Brian and I bought it today at Sam's Club.&nbsp; We had to call his parents to bail us out because we needed to buy food for our barbecue this afternoon and both our Sam's Club cards were expired.&nbsp; And Sam's was the only place we could get 40 hamburger patties for less than 10 bucks ! The action figure cake toppers gave Brian and I a wonderful idea.&nbsp; We're going to be copy cats and use action figures as our cake toppers, too ! &nbsp; Brian loved the idea because he is an avid action figure collector.&nbsp; When I first read your message, Glee, I got very excited..&nbsp; "I know exactly which action figure I want to represent me ! " I told Brian.&nbsp; He thought I was going to pick Xiaoyu from the video game Tekken (because I kick ass at the game when I play her -- I am totally invincible, except when Brian selects Eddie Gordo, his strongest character, to play against me).&nbsp; He was completely surprised when I told him that I choose Elektra (from Marvel Comics).&nbsp; "Then I'll be Logan," he says.&nbsp; "Wolverine?&nbsp; Why?" I asked.&nbsp; Brian explains that Elektra and Logan had some sort of relationship 8 years ago.&nbsp; Of course, only a handful of people will know the significance of the characters we selected.&nbsp; I'm so excited already.&nbsp; My mom will literally flip out !

 21 days!!! thats too long. Holloween is coming try to look then. Any interesting ideas for costumes anyone? Beuler? Beuler? I wonder what Kubrick would have said, if he was still alive, about his 2001 movie. Where's HAL? Will HAL appear in the XP release of Microsoft? or does Steve Jobs have something up his sleeve? "Open the bomb bay doors HAL". Say hello to Bin Laden!! okay back to reality. Net

 Hi Glee, I don't like the gory stuff either. Didn't mind Clockwork Orange , though, mostly intelligent, a lot of the violence was implied rather than on-camera. Next to 2001 , it may be Kubrick's best work. What's a Reiki attunement? Or should I go look it up 'cos you'll be gone for 21 days? Daf

 P.S. to APRiL: Oh, perhaps you were referring to my brother-in-law's interior decorating with the black, grey, and silver motif and the disco balls?

 Reply to APRiL: Were you referring to my friend Amy or the weddding? I think Caligula would mess up my sensitive disposition, so I'll pass on that one. The sex wouldn't bother me, the gore would. Because Clockwork Orange is one of those movies that is contstantly being alluded in media and in conversation, I thought maybe I would watch it to see what the commotion was about. Is it the kind of movie that would give me nightmares? I saw the latest David Lynch film Mulholland Drive . If you like David Lynch's work, then you would probably like it. I don't really care for Lynch's movies. Then again, I don't enjoy being disturbed for entertaintment. My own life disturbs me enough. Well, I'm going to disappear again. I'm finally getting my business license. So, I'm off to build my own business as an independent contractor. Also, I'm going to go through a Reiki attunement so I will be resting for about 21 days starting Sunday.

 There were a bunch of versions of Caligula . I'm pretty sure the "R" version skipped the orgy scene. IMDB has a bunch of info on it. Also, the DVD had a "making of..." segment that included interviews with Guccione, McDowell, the director, Gore Vidal (the author), and some of the extras. The orgy scene was directed and produced by the Gooch himself, and did not involve any of the stars. A lot of Penthouse Pets, enough guys to keep it interesting, and at least one "little person". As for the violence, Clockwork Orange seemed more beatings than killings. Not so with Caligula , which had that decapitation machine (sort of a street sweeper with blades), several bloody murders - one including castration, and a "fantasy" scene early on where McDowell imagines all kinds of naked people dying horrible deaths - an early glimpse into his psyche. I'd like to see Spiderman , but Monsters is the one we're waiting for. And Lord of the Rings . And Harry Potter . Can you say "arrested development"? Daf

 When is Spiderman going to be shown in theatres? Havent Blogged in weeks... Got sick, dont worry its not Anthrax, just the usual sore throat due to the change in weather. Caligula can be compared to Clockwork Orange as far as violence is concerned. That orgy scene was just plain porn. How did that ever get an R rating I dont understand. "Has anybody seen my stapler?"

 glee, two words: MARTHA STEWART!

 Reply to Ching's post: No, she doesn't pop microwaveable popcorn. She has to get fresh popcorn kernels from the Solono County's crops. My friend Amy has an opinion about everything. She doesn't settle for less, if she doesn't have to, when she knows "the best" is readily available. Weird, huh? My sister's wedding and reception were both a fabulous success. The food was wonderful, the reception location was romantic with a huge window view of the city and the bay at night, and the entertainment was spectacular: the groom serenaded the bride singing a punk rock cover of the punk rock band's cover of the 80s song "Glory of Love." We, both bridesmaids and groomsmen, were all surprised he had it in him. Turns out it was his dream to sing in a rock band. The wedding cake was a simple round two-tier angel food with strawberries in the middle. It was decorated with red rose petals and the bride/groom topper was two anime acting-figure characters. I said an impromptu speech about the bride and groom in front of 300 guests. We had guests fly in from Canada, L.A., and the East Coast. The newlyweds honeymooned in a bed-n-breakfast in the Napa Valley. They opened their wedding presents yesterday. For some reason the couple has more knife sets than would be considered practical. They also have two disco balls--yes, that was on their wedding registry. Still, it's one too many. I noticed their bathroom and kitchen stuff were either black or silver or grey. I have a strange feeling my brother-in-law has taken charge of the interior decorating. *sigh* Well, my sister and her husband are living in the house my sister and I grew up in as children. (My mother, father, aunt, and I live in the carehome, the place of my mom and aunt's work.)

 CooL FeeLiNGs WHEN you get gas, thinking $1.22/gallon for a premium is a good baRgain, THEN the next day, when you pass the same gasoLine staXn, and the premium gas weNt down to $1.11 ...that's a cooL FeeLinG! WHEN iTs da oPPosite......that's a cooL FeeLinG! WHEN you caNt do a ThiNG cauSe you have a fuLL gas taNk... NOW, ...THAT's a cooL FeeLinG!

 More movies: Cider House Rules - excellent character development, real tear-jerky, Charlize Theron is hot hot hot (!!!), and the male lead (forgot his name?) reminds me a whole bunch of a friend of mine. Pro-abortion stance might be disturbing to some, as well as an incest subplot, but very well done. Best role Michael Caine's had in years! Caligula - always wondered what was up with this one - what happens when a star-studded cast (Malcolm McDowell, Helen Mirren, Peter O'Toole, Sir John Gielgud) works a movie produced by Bob Guccione? Boy, did we ever find out! I knew it'd be graphic, but the violence was downright evil! And though I expected sex, I didn't expect stroker porn - but there it was - big 15 minute (?) orgy scene near the end, played like any other porn movie, except slightly better photography, and the sound of Malcolm McDowell hollering in the background instead of a fuzak soundtrack. Kim hated it, I thought O'Toole and McDowell were very good, though McDowell was uneven. And I did rewatch the orgy once more, but felt appropriately dirty and ashamed afterwards. The Players Club - Tawdry drama set in a black strip club. Far enough outside my cultural experience that I question my judgment on it, but didn't really ring true. Female lead was pretty good, and Jamie Foxx was likeable, but the criminal element was really two-dimensional. Daf

 Bought Office Space last night. Wotta riot! They captured my life so well... Daf

 yay for daf!!! "hard ball" made me cry...."training day" surprised me! and why is iron monkey coming out in theatres? its at blockbuster's!!!

 Congratulations, Daf ! &nbsp; That is very cool ! &nbsp; I am so excited for you.. Regarding Glee's post: you mean she doesn't pop microwave popcorn like regular people? I guess she won't be answering that for a while, huh, seeing how she's on a "leave of absence" --

 Finally got the first proof back from my publisher! Yay! Minor fixes only - left my lyrics intact. We'll duke it out over chord changes for a while - I'm right , but I'll give in if I gotta. Won't ever get me much money, but it's kinda cool to know that people I never met will be singing my stuff (sorta true already - British music director used a song of mine last year, but I only wrote the lyrics). Daf

 I loved reading the book Grendel . My friend Albert recommended it to me. I heard the author was a resident of Chico (I attended CSU, Chico), and he died in a motorcycle accident. I loved the part in the book when this ram had this tenacity to climb this mountain and Grendel would try to knock it down. The ram reminds me of my more determined friends. Grendel, the character himself, reminds me of my friend Albert. My friend Amy rented Holy Smoke on VHS. (She still has no desire to buy a DVD player.) Strange flick. Harvey Keitel in drag is just a weird image. Keitel plays P.J. an exit counselor who tries to deprogram Kate Winslet who believes she found love and enlightenment from Bubba, an East Indian guru. Amy made the best buttered popcorn--this side of Solano County. I'm gonna take a leave of absence in the blogging for a while. This is the last week to get ready for my sis' big day, and I have to supplement my income to pay off my student loan and the mound of bills. Grrrrrr. [hums] Job hunting I will go..job hunting I will go...hi ho...merry-oh...job hunting I will go.

 I can't believe they're that cheap ! &nbsp; I liked O, Brother Where Art Thou? also..&nbsp; "Man of Constant Sorrow" has got a nice hook. Sorry I haven't blogged much lately..&nbsp; Been taking care of the dog in the morning before work.&nbsp; That, and our water heater busted..&nbsp; That was very expensive.&nbsp; Now, we have carpenter ants.&nbsp; That's not cheap either.&nbsp; Welcome to home-ownership, right?

 Hey April! Like the Mike Reiss. Wonder what he thought of Grendel . One of my faves. Also like Tom Hanks. I'm so middle-class! Speaking of (Middle class) - DVD players are under $100 now, so we bought one, and a few rewatchables we didn't already have: Caddyshack, Music Man, North by Northwest, Round Midnight, My Fair Lady, Raging Bull . Rented a couple DVDs too - LOVED(!!!) O Brother Where Art Thou? Great Ulysses references - sirens, Cyclops, the wife who's going to remarry. I always liked the Coen Bros., but this was even better than I hoped. Helps I'm a bluegrass fan too. And The Mexican . Pretty cool plot twists, and some pretty dark humor. More blood than I like (I like NONE, Raging Bull notwithstanding). Julia Roberts was a little over-the-top with her psychobabble, but I'm sure there are girls out there just like her. Daf

 MiKE REiSS: poet laurete selections from one of my faves JE NE SAiS QUi She cannot act, She cannot sing. She cannot do Most anything. But when her bLouse is open way LOW. i am a bigg fan of J. Lo. (",) BEOWuLF Flagons, mead. Dragons bleed. This is one slow-draggin' read. And don't expect to see a wolf Anywhere in Beowulf. ***i Like BeowuLf; iTs the first wRiTing mah bros and i read/discussed in detaiL. iMM proud that at grades 5/6, they understood and enjoyed it as muxh as HamLet.*** WHERE i DiFFER WiTH THE AMERiCAN PUBLiC Tom Hanks? No thanx! ***...i can deaL with Forrest Gump...but dats iT!!***

 it works as long as you can receive emails on your cellphone. It works well with Nokia phones... TTFN Net

 It didn't work!!! =(

 CENT!!! wer were u $50.00 ago!!! i just paid dis dude to give me sum ring tones and logos! u made me feel soooo dumb!!! but THANK YOU!!!! do u text??? +12819354571 gimme a hoLLa, aite?

 want new ring tones for your cell phone? go to www.zingy.com You can download ringtones for free! yes.. free!!! happy thanksgiving. ~net

 haPPee thanXgivin ^_^ ***gobbLe-gobbLe to u aLL***

 harry potter was a bit too long! i didNa read the book so, i was confused with the names...hogs, --itch, whatever! the graphics and introduction of the games and magic schtuff were beRRie interesting. twas pretty good! did beRRie weLL in the box office, and aLL da LiL brats waNNa waTch it!!!

 When you are old and gray and full of sleep, And nodding by the fire, takedown this book, And slowly read, and dream of the soft look Your eyes had once, and of their shadows deep; How many loved your moments of glad grace, And love your beauty with love false or true; But one man love the pilgrim soul in you, And loved the sorrows of your changing face. And bending down beside the glowing bars Murmur, a little sad, From us fled Love; He paced upon the mountains far above, And his his face amid a crowd of stars. W B Yeats

 Has anyone seen Monsters, Inc. or Harry Potter ? I was wondering if either one was worth watching. I agree w/ you, Ching. "Todo" sounds too much like "Toto," and "Burrows" sounds like--well, burrows. A digging dog? Start over: Use his nickname or middle name. I don't like my name--it sounds too vain: "Belladonna Proudfoot." Ching, do you have a wedding date set? Being a lapsed Catholic, I can appreciate the aforementioned joke. :)

 I am Daisy Moss of Lake-by-Downs.. Brian is Todo Burrows. Why does he sound like a dog?

 > Two priests are off to the showers late one night. > They undress and step in the showers before they > realize there is no soap. > > Father John says he has soap in his room and goes to > get it, not bothering to dress. He grabs two bars of > soap in his hands and heads back to the showers. He is > halfway down the hall when he sees three nuns heading > his way. Having no place to hide, he stands against > the wall and freezes like he's a statue. > > The nuns stop and comment on how lifelike he looks. > > The first nun suddenly reaches out and pulls his > manhood. Startled, he drops a bar of soap. > > "Oh look," says the first nun..."It's a soap dispenser." > > To test her theory the second nun also pulls his manhood, > and sure enough he drops the other bar of soap. > > The third nun decides to have a go. She pulls once, then > twice and three times but nothing happens.So she tries once more and, to her delight, she yells."Hand lotion!

 Me = Belladonna Proudfoot

 Behold! You are reading the latest testament from Mongo Overhill of Rushy! Bow down peasant and place salutations over thee!! Hark I think the Major Blogger will show her presence yet! When will we ever receive word from our Fearless Leader? For I am only a Squire in such exquisite land that boils over when the taunts of Pimpernell Moss fills the pages of thee. But alas! We must hear from Azelea Moss of Lake By Downs. Azelea where art thou? ~Net

 Learn your Hobbit name at http://www.chriswetherell.com/hobbit/default.asp Me: Pimpernel Moss of Lake-By-Downs wife Kim: May Moss of Lake-By-Downs son Andy: Mungo Moss of Lake-By-Downs daughter Jess: Ruby Moss of Lake-By-Downs granddaughter Alyssa: Rosie-Posie Gamwich of the Bree Gamwiches I like Alyssa's the best. Jay (who wanted to name her Siyahamba, but nobody asked me)

 You go, Vince! Jay Ricketts (=11)

 You probably received by now the infamous 9-11 number links. Oh my God! How worried should I be? There are 11 letters in the name "Vince Pinlac!" I'm going into hiding NOW. See you in a few weeks. Wait a sec ... just realized "YOU CAN'T HIDE" also has 11 letters! What am I gonna do? Help me!!! The terrorists are after me! ME! I can't believe it! Oh crap, there must be someplace on the planet Earth I could hide! But no ..."PLANET EARTH" has 11 letters, too! Maybe Nostradamus can help me. But dare I trust him? There are 11 letters in "NOSTRADAMUS." I know, the Red Cross can help. No they can't... 11 letters in "THE RED CROSS," can't trust them. I would rely on self defense, but "SELF DEFENSE" has 11 letters in it, too! Can someone help? Anyone? If so, send me email. No, don't... "SEND ME EMAIL" has 11 letters.... Will this never end? I'm going insane! "GOING INSANE???" Eleven letters!! Nooooooooooo!!!!!! I guess I'll die alone, even though "I'LL DIE ALONE" has 11 letters..... Oh my God, I just realized that America is doomed! Our Independence Day is July 4th ... 7/4 ... 7+4=11! ~Net PS. "IT'S BULLSH!T" has 11 letters also.

 My brother finished the marathon Sunday at around 5 pm. We had trouble looking for the family reunion area. Last year, the family reunion was inside the park. Due to higher security it was moved to Central Park West. We got in the park on the East Side and hiked for 2 miles finally finding a route which made us go on a Northern path. We ended up on 86th street where we heard on a loud speaker that we are suppose to meet my brother at the reunion area on 74th Street! Dot and I sprinted down Central Park West towards 74th Street. We spotted a water stand and grabbed a couple of water bottles. People were cheering us down Park West and at the corner of 74th there were bright lights and my brother in a foil blanket waiting for me and Dot. Crowds were cheering and we were so happy that we got reunited with my brother Joe. By the way I hope you dont mind the exaggeration in the last 2 sentences. I got caught in the moment Net

 My friend Amy calls me Internet Cosmo Girl cuz I keep taking these tests. I'm addicted. Okay, this will be it, the last one--at least for this year... Take the Which Beatle Are You? Quiz.

 urlLink You're just a girl; you tend to get frustrated easily, you daydream quite a bit, and you try to avoid making trouble, though curiosity always gets the better of you. Even under tight circumstances, however, you put aside (some of) your fear and figure out what's the best thing to do. You want a better understanding of your world.

 Wow. Me 'n' Glee. urlLink urlLink Which Rocky character are you?

 Hmmm... according to the site, women lift their skirts for me, but I go for their necks instead. Wrong on both counts. urlLink Which Evil Criminal are You ?

 Hey Guys.... urlLink Which Evil Criminal are You ?

 urlLink urlLink Which Rocky character are you? ~NET

 Happy New Year to everyone!

 urlLink Which Evil Criminal are You ?

 urlLink urlLink Which Rocky character are you?

 MeRRie Christmas 2 aLL!!! ^_^

 Hey, Merry Christmas! Hope you all have a great one. Ching, when's the wedding? Jay/Daf (inadvertly haikuish)

 Yes! We do have one in Wichita. I ordered my gown already. It was so easy! I can't believe other people take forever to decide! I'm just mroe decisive than most I guess. After trying on 12 gowns and 2 1/2 hours at the store, I ended up choosing the very first one that I tried on. We took pictures of all the dresses that I tried on. I forgot my camera, so it's in Brian's dad's digital camera. He's supposed to give me a disk with the pictures. I will show them to you. We have to be really discreet because it's bad luck for Brian to my dress. It'll be a surprise! I still have to wait four months for my dress to arrive (it's one that has to be ordered), but I am so excited already! April, you can get a free domain name thru NameZero or yourname.dot.nu .

 wedding gowns...do you have david's bridals in Wichita?

 oooooohhh.....wedding gowns. any special style or color in mind?

 dilemma: where can i get my own free domain???

 I'm going dress-shopping today (think wedding gowns) -- I'm soo excited !

 Net, VoiceStream (who we are with) does offer that service.&nbsp; Unfortunately, we don't have it because we're under the employee rate plan.&nbsp; Brian works for VoiceStream.

 April, my service is with ATT Wireless. ~Net 1-917-520-5824

 cent, i got ur message!!! heehee ( 'o', ) i repLied, i doNt thinK u got iT!

 i guess if you dont have email service, one can go the route of april and have someone add tones to your phone. Otherwise, wait a bit and soon all of the cellphone providers will welcome email as part of their service. Net

 oh....me didna get it!!! i have voicestream! dat sux! what do service do u have cent???

 Q: What do you call a midget psychic who just commited a crime? A: A small medium at large. My apologies for the "corny" joke.. It's funnier if you speak tagalog, though.&nbsp; I don't have email service on my phone (it's a Nokia 8290, but Brian and I don't have email). =( Any other suggestions?

 hey april, I sent you a text message. Did you get it? Which Cellular Service do you have? ~Net

 Rock Star stars Mark Wahlberg (previously Marky Mark, brother of Donnie(sp?) of NKOTB and leader of the Funky Bunch back in the 80's) and Jennifer Aniston (Rachel of Friends).&nbsp; He's this loser who is obsessed with this rock band (Steel Dragon).&nbsp; He sings the songs, wears the clothes and is the lead singer of a Steel Dragon cover band (he insists it's a "tribute" band).&nbsp; When the lead singer of Steel Dragon leaves the band, Marky Mark is drafted to replace him and the story goes on.. etc. etc. etc.&nbsp; Think Van Halen.&nbsp; All throughout the movie I kept thinking of the similarities: it's like the Van Halen story or something.&nbsp; Anyway, it's really good.&nbsp; I didn't think it would be, but I liked it.&nbsp; It even made me cry.

 I haven't seen Rock Star . I'm not even sure if I ever saw a trailer for it. What's the premise? Maybe I can remember if you reminded me. Thanks for the invite Ching, but my 'puter is too slow. You'd be waiting for next move forever. It would not be worth your time. I have a question for everyone. How did each of you run across Chingay? Were you just surfing the net? And since we seem to be the survivors of the Chingay Yahoo! Club what made you persist?

 My bestfriend is really Sheryll.&nbsp; She lives in the Philippines.&nbsp; You can find out more about her on the SMEAGHE Today page also.&nbsp; Pia is a really, really, really good friend of mine.&nbsp; I'm able to stay in touch with her better than I can with Sheryll because she lives in California.&nbsp; Pia and I have known each other since grade school -- so we've known each other for over fifteen years, by my estimation.&nbsp; I met Sheryll during my first year in high school (American translation: seventh grade) and we've been the best of friends ever since. I'm glad that you like the look of the page Glee.&nbsp; I'd been tinkering around with it for the past few weeks and I think I've found a layout that I'm happy with.&nbsp; Hey, you're a word freak, aren't you?&nbsp; You should go to games.com and play me Scrabble.&nbsp; It's tons of fun ! Has anybody seen Rock Star yet?&nbsp; It's actually pretty good.&nbsp; I was surprised.

 Daf here. I'm in Michigan. Pia's photo is on Ching's SMEAGHE page - beautiful girl. Y'know, I didn't know any Filipinas growing up. Who knows how things might have changed - all y'all are gorgeous! I'm sure I'd have still wound up with Kim, though - can't imagine me staying with anyone else. Daf

 Net, wish those were real smackaroos, could use them right about now. Gleetv222 was online that night. You just missed her by a coupla hours. What's your AIM? Why don't they create sculptures in the likeness of those who were involved? I don't care if they were all White. Cities should hire more latino, black, and other people of color as firefighters. When these people of color get involved in another historical event, then they rightfully deserve their own commemorative sculptures. Pia is Ching's best friend if I remember correctly.

 Glee, is that your final answer? You are correct again Glee for 25,000 web clogger dollars. Im in NY. Who is Pia? Ive never seen her post anything. Gleetv222 must be online during the day. I dont see her tonight. =) Heres a thought to ponder, Some people here in NY want to erect a memorial for 911. It would comprise of those firefighters raising the US flag on Ground Zero only instead of their actual skin color one will be Black, another will be Latino, and the third White. In actuality there were no other firefighter in that situation that was black or latino. Why is it that when one wants to erect a sculpture of art, some people want to add hints of color? The sculpture by-the-way is going to be in bronze. Net

 Ching, the web page looks great! Even one of those little characters on the top right hand corner kinda look like me. Well, you wouldn't know. I never sent you my photo. You're gonna hate me for telling you this, but I did send two of my photos to another internet chum, and I even sent a videotape of myself to another internet chum. Yeah, yeah, I know. I've known you longer than those two, and you deserve seniority priveleges. But I sent you my favorite books and xeroxed pages from my diary, that should count for something, dammit! Oh, I'm tendrilling (a word I stole from Susan Swan's novel, The Wives of Bath , it means rambling). I like the book list segment. You trust my judgment that much to give it its own section? ;) BTW, Ching, read the latest two entries of my last adventure in the City at OD. Vince, I'm sorry for the belated response to your offline Yahoo Messenger message. I hardly use YM. I tend to use AIM as Gleetv222. You can put me on your Buddy List for both YM and AIM. April, I didn't know you are in TX. Jay, remind me where you are located. Vince, you're in the East Coast, right? Was it NY? Pia is in CA last that I remember.

 I loved A Beautiful Mind .&nbsp; It made me cry.&nbsp; It reminded me a little of Bicentennial Man ..&nbsp; Probably because the recognition did not come until several years later.&nbsp; I hope you don't mind my sharing this.&nbsp; I thought that since it's based on a true story, most of you would know about it and how it ends.&nbsp; Kind of like if I told you that they all died at the end of The Perfect Storm , it wouldn't really be a spoiler because that's a given.&nbsp; I have not seen Shine (and I know I should; Brian has and says it's very good) so I cannot make a comparison.&nbsp; I guess the similarity to Good Will Hunting is that they are both math geniuses and the college campus setting..&nbsp; But that's about all that they have in common.&nbsp; The story that ABM tells is way different.&nbsp; You'll have to see it.&nbsp; It's really good. We went to see Black Hawk Down this afternoon.&nbsp; It's really good.&nbsp; I liked the movie. By the way, Glee, next time you post something click on the " view web page " link on the left.&nbsp; You have your own special section on urlLink our blog .&nbsp; Check it out!

 I love sinigang and adobo also. :) (For Christmas, my friend Amy bought me a book called Sarap . It was a collection of essays about the history and customs of Filipino food.) Wowzah! You look beautiful in those gowns, Ching! I wish I could attend cuz I have known you for years. I feel like I know you even though we haven't met in person. But, alas, I have to save what little scratch I have for when I move. :( I want to see Beautiful Mind. I heard it's a cross between Shine and Good Will Hunting. What do you think? I promised you a reading list. I don't know if you're in the mood to read novels, but that's what I've been reading lately so these are what come to mind: Some Girls by Kristin McCloy Like Being Killed by Ellen Miller The Price of Salt by Patricia Highsmith, writing as Claire Morgan Indigo by Graham Joyce Po Man's Child by Marci Blackman

 Have you guys seen A Beautiful Mind yet?&nbsp; It is soo good ! &nbsp; Definitely a must see.&nbsp; Blackhawk Down came out today.&nbsp; That's another movie on our to-watch list.&nbsp; I'm hoping that we'll get to see it sometime this week.

 The date of the wedding is August 10th, Saturday.&nbsp; The venue is Prairie Prines Christmas Tree Farm in Northwest Wichita.&nbsp; They've got a cozy, garden setting with a small pond in the back.&nbsp; That's where the ceremony will be held.&nbsp; It would be great if you guys could come !

 Ching, when is it? Daf

 It's okay if he sees them because I didn't pick any of those dresses..&nbsp; I might post pictures of the dress that I actually picked, but I'm still trying to decide if I really want to post them or not.&nbsp; I'd like to invite you guys to the wedding, but I can't guarantee accommodations.&nbsp; My mom has a small house, we have a small house and we don't have any money.&nbsp; Besides, I don't want to obligate any of my online friends to come.&nbsp; I don't want to be too pressumptuous.&nbsp; For one, I don't want to assume that any of you will actually take time out from your work/life to attend a wedding of someone you hardly know and have never-ever met in person.&nbsp; Secondly, Kansas is pretty boring.&nbsp; Other than the wedding and reception, there's really not much to do here.&nbsp; I'd be totally thrilled if you all came, but don't blame me (for the rest of your life) if you get bored and don't have any fun.&nbsp; I'm telling you now, if you're planning on any kind of partying during your stay, the night life is non-existent. All that aside, if any of you are interested in attending though, just email me your address and I promise to send out an invitation and rsvp card.

 hey, chiNg, i see how u are! u doNt iNviTe mee jst bec iM aLL d way heRe in tx! i LOVE sinigang baboy! i agree wid daf, u look so schweet! --ingit ako-- heehee, u look like a princess!!! aLL LooKd LoveLee on you. *** just make sure dat brian doesNt see 'em. just wondeRin', but i didNt see any headpieces... btw, when is d wedding?

 Thanks, Daf!

 Ching, you look great! Dresses are nice too, but you ... you look mahvelous ! Daf

 I posted pictures of the gowns that I tried on but didn't pick in the other blog. urlLink http://www.geocities.com/smeaghetoday

 We saw Driven when it first came out in theaters.&nbsp; You've got Brian pegged, Vince.&nbsp; He could not pass it up.&nbsp; Then when it was released for DVD rentals, we rented and watched it again at that time also.&nbsp; And guess what.&nbsp; He got it as one of his Christmas presents. I took the day off today to clean the house.&nbsp; We are having company over.&nbsp; It's feeding time at Brian and Ching's.&nbsp; You all know how much we've come to love entertaining.&nbsp; We are a couple of suzie-homemakers.&nbsp; Richard and I are making chicken & pork adobo.&nbsp; And I am making pork sinigang with leafy stuff (I don't know what it is called, I normally don't eat vegetables) & bamboo shoots.&nbsp; I even borrowed my mom's big rice cooker so we'd have enough rice for everyone!&nbsp; We'll take some pictures..&nbsp; After all, this is our first official get-together for 2002.&nbsp; I'll have to post it in my personal blog.

 weLL, mah hoLidays couLdve been better. i waNTed to liTe sum fireworks, since we finaLLee live ouTside d ciTy Limits. however, mah bros aLmost had an entry to "ReaL TV." let's just say that iM not proud dat they caLL me ate. heehee. as usuaL, i didNA get a gift from my mom or mah sibs =o( dat reaLLy made my xTmas... as for movies, LOU & i saw "Kate & LeopoLd" on xTmas day. Twuz reaLLy kewL. i refuse to waTch "ALi" or "BEAUTiFUL MiND" because aLL d hoopLa about 'em made my inTeResT go. eniHoo, i gotz to log-oFF cuz mah stuPeed sis... ^^^^see dat cza? woNt let me stay on d net any longer. urs truLy, pathetic in TeXas

 I just finished watching DRIVEN. Man I never seen racing that razor sharp.. the graphics was fabulous. My heart was racing till the end! I didnt watch it in the movies due to mixed reviews but this was awesome. Brian would want to watch this film. Oh and if you will watch this in surround sound it will sound like WHOA!!! =) Ching, are you going to wear a crown or a tiara? My sister wore one on her wedding. I thought it was a finishing touch to a perfect day. This is my second NEW Year's that I have not made the ER's top ten alcohol poisoning story. I made it through my brother-in-law's party without drinking a single alcoholic drink inspite of the taunting and temptation. I did get into the Merengue and Cha-cha sessions. My coworkers have told me that security in TIMES SQUARE was strict and extreme. You could not even get a back pack in the area. Im glad the party when on without a hitch. HERE's to a wonderful NEW YEAR ~

 Brian and I saw Lord of the Rings together, but he went to see Harry Potter all by himself yesterday.&nbsp; He got the day off and I had to work ! &nbsp; =P&nbsp; Brian and I both want to see Hedwig and the Angry Inch ..&nbsp; Thanks for the heads-up.&nbsp; I'll try to rent it here.&nbsp; I hope they didn't ban it or anything.&nbsp; I hate the bible-belt ! All reading recommendations are welcome.&nbsp; I'm working on my sister's copy of The Unmade Bed right now.&nbsp; It's an anthology of erotic stories.&nbsp; So far, the stories have been pretty good.&nbsp; I sometimes read to Brian when the mood strikes. Brian and I bought The Fast and the Furious .&nbsp; He loves that movie ! &nbsp; The effects were great ! &nbsp; And I love Jordana Brewster ! &nbsp; She's so hot ! Wedding plans are slowly creeping along.&nbsp; We anticipate to finalize the guest list and order the invitations next week.&nbsp; My second fitting for my wedding gown is on the 27th -- and I am very excited.&nbsp; The gown fits like a glove ! &nbsp; As though it was made for me.&nbsp; My mom was teasing me about it.&nbsp; She said I can't gain weight between now and the wedding because if I do, my dress won't fit ! &nbsp; It really fits so perfect ! &nbsp; The only aspect that needed altering was the length -- as can be expected. P.S. My holiday and gift stories are posted in my online journal ( urlLink http://ching.i85.net )..&nbsp; There's lots of pictures, too ! &nbsp; Don't forget to check the archives !

 I saw Lord of the Rings on Christmas and Harry Potter on New Year's Day. I enjoyed both immensely. Ching, I don't know if I already told you, but Hedwig and the Angry Inch is out on video. I saw it in the new release section at Hollywood Video. With all the activity that's going on, I'm not sure if you have any leisure time to do any reading. But I do have a few recommendations if you're interested. How far are you coming along w/ the wedding plans? How was everyone's holidays? Any good stories or presents to mention?

 I'm taking a breather from those little tests. Not by choice though. My source of all those tests, opendiary.com, is going under reconstruction. They are cleaning their archives. I hope my diary survives their purging process.

 Many blessings for the new year! Yippee!

 Net and I are alike!!

 urlLink Which Evil Criminal are You ?

 Happy new year everybody!! ~Net

 I don't go looking for 'em, but if you put 'em here, I'll have a go. Take the Which Beatle Are You? Quiz.

 urlLink You tend to confuse people, especially yourself. It doesn't matter, though, because you enjoy life as it's thrown to you, whether you're doing the right thing or the wrong thing (which most of the time you're not sure of). You've a friendly nature, but sometimes you're pretty damn overwhelming, you freak.

 Yes, I met Jessica Hagedorn at the comPAss' On the Verge: Conversations on Pilipino American Studies conference at UC Berkeley. She autographed my DOGEATERS. I just talked to the main organizer of comPASs ( Committee for Pilipino American Studies). He gave me her agent's information so I could contact her. She has a new book out. It's a compiliation of her two poetry books, and it's published by City Lights (yes, of the Beat generation fame). I'll buy a book, and get it autographed for you, okay, Ching? Now, hush...;) Now, I'm off to look for possible venues. Tah, tah...

 Wow its been a couple of weeks since my last blog. One of my sacrifices for let is to lessen my online activities. Its official, my job has shafted me for the second time this year. First they told us that we will only get 1 performance appraisal this year (means one raise). Now they might not even give me a raise since the head of HR says our region is now a Level 2 which means we are regarded as a low level producer.- levels of pay is lower. Time to call in the UNION. No democracy occurring at work. I am reminded of the time Sally Field stands up on a table and puts up a sign... ~Net

 Is that Jessica Hagedorn of "DOGEATERS" fame?&nbsp; I want her autograph ! &nbsp; Please, pretty please? !

 Well, now, I'm looking for a spokenword poets/artists/performers for a Vallejo spokenword group I named Phoenix Rising Spokenword Corps. I named it Phoenix Rising cuz that's what trying to survive and thrive in Vallejo is like--coming from the ashes. The soul of Vallejo is dying. Back in it's hey day it was a bustling Navy town. Now, it's dead with a dying economy. People go to neighboring and surrounding cities for entertainment, shopping, art, etc. What I'm trying to do is shake things up. People say there's nothing to do here. I say, "As long as there is 'nothing to do' there IS something to do cuz you have to build 'something' out of 'nothing.'" I have a big heart. People could understand if I want to do this for fame or money or self-promotion. But really it's cuz I have a message, and I need to get it out. Well, coming up soon Celebration of Poetry and Arts: kick off benefit for DEAR OPRAH Book Campaign Tour, featuring Jessica Hagedorn, the national slam champ Big Poppa E., co-founder of touring spokenword women group Sister Spit--Michelle Tea, and of course, Phoenix Rising. That's my dream...to bring all the arts and poets of Vallejo to commune, converse, etc. with their neighbors--from different cities, states,--heck, let's make it global.

 Glee, you've had a lot of challenges! I'm pleased you've stuck to it - the prize goes to the persistent. I made a lot of my progress by not having any idea how bad I sucked. Later on, after jumping through some more hoops, I could say "wow, I was lucky I made iot through without getting discouraged", because I discourage easily. I get lots of positive feedback, very little negative - I think it speaks more to the politeness of my colleagues than my outstanding talent. I actually find my compositions and performances pretty mundane, BUT a lot of what passes for good songwriting and arranging is even worse. And knowing that the big boys find my tossed-off work worthy of publishing makes me hopeful that they'll like the stuff we actually use in my church even better. I was supposed to meet with a publisher's rep last month, and haven't had time (60-75 hour weeks on the day gig). I'm going to try to set something up soon. Meantime, Glee, you keep it up. I'll be watching for you on Oprah. Daf

 A new test result! AQUA You enjoy life, humor, and being exuberant. Wherever you go you usually find yourself stealing the spotlight without even trying. You love to let go and have fun. Find out your color at Stvlive.com!

 I have been writing poetry and short stories since elementary school. My teacher would assign us to do one limerick and I would create over 20. Another teacher would assign a short story and I would write two. I wrote letters to my sister. In high school, I didn't pass notes--I passed 10-page letters to classmates. I kept a journal since I was 15. I have over 85 journals with an average of 200 pages each. I wrote for the West Wind newspaper in junior high and then the school paper advisor convinced me to be an editor for the literary mag The Zephyr. I later wrote for the Vallejo Sr. High paper and wrote an editorial that won me accolades from the school principal, and literally saved my high school newspaper's editor's ass by clearing up the mess that a local city paper reporter created by making a non-event into a huge one. I read in several cafes in Chico. My poetry has been part of a Muticultural Humanities and Fine Arts Club's art exhibit. I read my work on the college radio station and on the community radio station. I won a first cash prize for best essay with my poem "Anxiety Closet." I have been editor of the English Department's Watershed literary magazine. Later, I was published in two issues of Watershed. I have been in various Chico zines including Thrust Magazine edited by R. Eirik Ott, The Mask edited by Cristina Croooks, and CSUC's Women's Center's lit mag Her Own Voice. R. Eirik Ott brought a new type of poetry to the scene. He hosted Word Core open mics. I brought down the house with my poem "My American Tongue, My Ilokano Tastebuds" at one of his readings. When I went back home to Vallejo, CA, I complained to a friend that I missed having a "community." I meant like-minded people who were into the arts. My friend Jacqui who was a Filipino community activist thought I meant "Filipino American community." Next thing I know I was reading to over 50 people mainly pillars of the Vallejo Filipino community--they were politicians, business people, reverends, etc. The theme was "Silent Truth." That was the title of the event. Being true to my artistic vision I stuck to the theme and read poems with taboo subject matter, especially to the Filipino community. I didn't get booed. Worse, no one said anything about my work. A few days later, I was walking along the Vallejo marina when a member of that audience, a man I remember being introduced as the senior board member of the Filipino American Social Services, looked at me like I was dirt. I was dating a punk pinoy poet named Rupert at the time. Together we organized another poetry event. It took forever just to get a flyer approved with the Vallejo Unified School District. My friend and artist Ryan Omega created a wonderful drawing, but for some reason, they disapproved the picture. I ended up not using the drawing and created another flyer with just text. The poetry reading met with a modicum success. I did not get the the young people interested. I ended up with older people trying so hard to be hip. I was hoping that I would get submissions for my zine Pocketful of Misfits, but I didn't get enough quality submissions that met with my editorial ideas. I wanted a zine that would be a voice for the displaced youth--the type that had something to say, but would not go to a newspaper or lit mag normally. I wanted to create something revolutionary--something radical. Something anti-establishment. I ended up with abstract death/suicide poems. And yeah, the older folks trying to sound hip or funny. Yeah, I saw some gems, and I thought well, "maybe." Then I lost the nerve. And when I mustered the nerve again, I lost the money. I began reading at Booklover's Haven in Vallejo, CA. It was the only sanctuary for poets that wree not part of the arts cliques or circles that seem to deter new blood or anything away from the norm. It was quiet and supportive place. Then I read In Company Wolves Cafe in Benicia, CA. This place was filled with gay punk kids who pretended not to have money. My gay male friend Bobby swore up and down that he heard me yelling obscenities at the top of my lungs into the mic. I don't remember doing such a thing. Then again, I have selective memory. I read at an Asian American/Pacific Islander open mic in Oakland, CA. No one signed up to read for the open mic. I was a newbie from a different city. I was scared. The hostess said to read as long as I want. I felt so strange. I read almost everything from my stack of papers. When the featured poet finally showed up, I felt like I read more work than he did. It was truly mortifying experience. I did not want him to think I was invading on his turf. He was a queer pinoy poet/performer/writer, and I didn't want to diss him. But somehow I felt like I did him wrong. Benicia's Roasting Company, Boadecia's Bookstore's Open Dyke Myke, Justice League's pin@y spokenword, etc. Alas, I finally read at my first poetry slam at the Erotic Poetry Slam in Berkeley. I read first as the sacrificial poet. I must've scored the lowest. I knew the women would show cleavage for days. I did the opposite. I wore exactly what a male poet would wear--the same shit he normally wears on any average day: t-shirt and jeans. I spent my entire life dealing with this friggen idea of being compared and contrasted to the talents and beauty of other girls as a pinay. There I was at a poetry slam, and I felt the same thing--this friggen beauty contest mentality. I thought I had the far sexiest poem, the far most challenging to perform piece. Yet, I scored very low. The audience disappointed me--they were far too predictable. I read them too well. On Feb. 21 this year on my 32nd birthday, I read at Listen & Be Heard for the second time--the first time at Rafael's bar though. They changed location from the Fetterly Playhouse. The audience showed their love. It was warm and supportive. The men's work surprised me with their depth and compassion. Even when they flowed with their freestyle, they had a message beyond saying ho's and bitches and gangbanging. It was about love and observations of life. And I loved them for it--kuyas, salamat. Martha Cinader was impressed with my reading she said that we needed to give me a "title." She and Lecrecia were already hosting the show--there were already enough hosts. She was thinking about it. So, now you're looking at the new house poet for Listen & Be Heard at Vallejo. Rap stars put Vallejo on the map. Jaime Kennedy thought he put slam poets on the map side by side with Vallejo. Nah, I'm going for the big time. Yeah, Oprah... I wish I could wish something for my mom on Oprah. But there would be nothing Oprah can do for my mom. My mother needs her soul to be cleansed. That's on my mom--no one else can do that for her. My mother is very devout and religious born-again Christian, but she's not in touch with her soul. My Piscean nature could sense this from her. It's like in spite of all her praying, she's still very broken and barely hanging on a thread. It's sorta like having a person go through mediation practice--they are soo focused on how they breathe that they forget the whole point of the meditation and that's to just BE. You have enough, you are enough...just be...

 Gina-Ann's Debut Pictures

 Thanks April. It's Beethoven, if that helps... Daf

 urlLink urlLink Which Sex and the City Player Are You? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty Yet another test result.. urlLink urlLink This quiz says absolutely nothing about your personality. Take it!

 Glee, let me know when you have your GeoCities space (dearoprah) set up.&nbsp; Good luck on the tour ! I haven't seen John Q yet, but Queen of the Damned came out today and I really want to see it.&nbsp; Brian and I are flat broke so we can't at the moment.&nbsp; Hopefully, sometime soon..&nbsp; And, by then, I'm hoping that the crowds would have died down already.

 glee, iM here for you, too. i havent been as avid as i shouLd in my writings; but, like you, i have hopes to be pubLished. iN contrast to your book being on oprah, i waNNa bee on her show to thank my mom...so that she may get gifts, heehee, lots of them. u said ur keepin' it a secret and that ur mom is cautious...are you writing an autobiography or teLL aLL secrets kinda thing? uLL bee like that guy in wb's "glory days." After being pubLished and seLLing miLLions, he goes back home and everybody in town but one hates and waNNa kiLL him. i beLieve in writing whatever u feeL Like; doNt kiLL d spirit...leave that to the pubLisher. daf, iLL ask mah choir friends. i used to be part of a fLip choir, but i doNt remeber that song. iLL stiLL try for you though. i might go see aaLiyah's movie tonite...iLL give u an update. semi-biGG recommendation for "John Q." not the tear-jearker i expected, but hmo horrors wiLL jump from the screen.

 Thanks you guys! Daf

 Daf, I'll ask my mom about your song. She's part of a Filipino church choir. Ching, I will get a P.O. Box some time next week. I rather use my other YAHOO! ID (dearoprah). I'm having problems with gleetv e-mail address. I will have to get back to you about blog templates, design, etc. I'm trying to get Listen&BeHeard to sponsor this tour. I think I first will have to promote Grito Serpentino, a neochicano spokenword and music ensemble, that will be playing next Thursday at Listen&BeHeard. When that's taken care of, I think she will be more willing to hear what I have to say. I swear I'm going to put Vallejo, CA on the map for poetry and the arts. :)

 GLEE:&nbsp; Since you already have a YAHOO! ID (gleetv) -- all you have to do is go to GeoCities and activate your free homepage.&nbsp; Hosting your blog at blog*spot is always an option..&nbsp; But there are a couple of downsides: (1) there's an ad that appears at the top of the page (you can get rid of the add by paying $12/year though), and (2) you can't upload any files to their server.&nbsp; Let me know what you decide, either way. Here are some templates that you could choose from: urlLink blogger templates .&nbsp; Let me know which one you'd like to use and I will get it set up for you.&nbsp; If you have specific design ideas, just let me know and we will create your own custom blog template together.

 I tried looking for it, Daf.. Couldn't find it. I'll keep an eye out for it, though.

 Hey, anyone have Tagalog lyrics to "Joyful, Joyful, We Adore Thee"? A friend of mine needs it for a multilingual (English, Spanish, Tagalog) mass he's playing soon. I know hymns don't float everyone's boat, but there's some great poetry there - if a bit stiff by modern standards. Anyhow, hope someone can help. Thanks, Daf

 Glee, I can set you up with a blog.&nbsp; We'll just sign up for space at GeoCities, so it'll be free.&nbsp; Give me a list of possible names that you are interested in.&nbsp; P.S.&nbsp; Don't you think we need a mailing address?

 Hey, Ching and everyone! I was thinking of updating my Amazon wishlist, but I'm just soo busy. So, here's a list of birthday wishes: relaxing CDs for massage, Ani DiFranco's Little Castle (? or was it Little Pink Castle?) CD, The Complete Works of Audre Lourde (sp?), blank journals, books on Reflexology or Reiki or hilot, pens, stationery, twin-sized cotton flannel sheet sets, aromatherapy candles, organic essential oils, organic cooking spices, vegetarian cookbooks with quick and easy recipes for the single busy person, books on copywrite laws, books on grantwriting...Well, you get the idea. Heck, if you are on the creative bent. Just send me a friendly letter in a decorated (mailart) envelope. Ching, can you give me some tips, pointers about starting my own personal blog? I'm going to read at Listen & Be Heard: open mic and jam session tomorrow on my birthday night. My parents are going to treat me for a birthday dinner and then I will have to go it alone at the mic. I practically had to lie by saying I had a business appointment (when I really was going to an open mic poetry event). How long do you think I could keep up hiding the fact that I'm going on tour, creating a book, and aspiring to get on Oprah? My mother is very concerned. She keeps telling me: "Be careful what you write." I think it's her own fears and her own hiya that's acting up.

 I found it ! &nbsp; Daf, this is your actual wishlist link -- urlLink http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/wishlist/2Y0ADCORFQ6QT/ -- the other only allows you to view it..&nbsp; It doesn't show up for other people.&nbsp; I added a WISHLISTS section below DIVERSIONS.&nbsp; Does anyone else have an Amazon wishlist?

 Daf, you wishlist link does not work.. I will try to find it on Amazon for you and link it here. By the way, does anyone know where we can find ringtone composer music?

 Daf''s urlLink wish list , sorely out-of-date...

 1. What was the first thing you ever cooked? Spice cake, penuche icing. From the Betty Crocker Cookbook for Children (1959?) 2. What's your signature dish? Hot Dogs. Boiled. Kowalski natural casing. Red Pelican brown mustard. 3. Ever had a cooking disaster? (tasted like crap, didn't work, etc.) Describe . Two serious ones. One, munchie-induced, where I decided that meatloaf mixed with peanut butter (cooked together) would be real good. Took one bite, tossed the whole pan. The other, Christmas dinner, rolled roast and Yorkshire pudding. My (late) sister was tarnexing silver, and the container slipped - Tarnex all over the Yorkshire pudding. Waah!!! 4. If skill and money were no object, what would make for your dream meal? Having my sister back. The food is secondary, but it'd be cool to relive that one without the Tarnex. Plus artichokes with drawn butter anf homemade mayo, pickled watermelon, Mom's "book club rice" (with Beau Monde seasoning, Ching!), Kim's Watergate salad, and Dad's spaghetti - a three-day cooking process, the technique buried with him when he died last year. He put the recipe in a church cookbook once, but left out some details - so his was always special. No red hot dogs, though. 5. What are you doing this weekend? Well we're past the weekend now, but I knew what it would be anyhow - work. 70ish hour weeks through March. Daf

 Are there no Friday Fivers in here?&nbsp; The new questions are up.

 I found your wishlist , Glee.&nbsp; I think you need to add some more items to it ! &nbsp; ;)&nbsp; Give us a wider selection.&nbsp; Ha !

 I'm looking up your Amazon wishlist right now..&nbsp; Hopefully, everyone will build a wishlist.&nbsp; By the way, is it under Glynda or Glee?&nbsp; I'll try to search under Velasco. Before I forget -- Happy Birthday!! Good luck on your campaign.&nbsp; Let me know if there is anything that I can do to help (not financially, though).&nbsp; Times are kind of rough, money-wise. I hope everyone had a wonderful Valentine's Day..

 Ching, thanks for the 411 on the submission call. Boy, I'm busy lately. I have to submit stuff to Maganda Magazine, the pil-am lit magazine at UC Berkeley for the "dugo" issue.

 I have a wishlist on Amazon. It's my birthday next week Feb 21. I'll be 32, but no one believes it. They think I transposed the numbers of my age--23. Well, that's a first. At least, I look I'm of legal drinking age. I did the Erotic Poetry Slam thing at Berkeley, CA, Feb. 13. Anyway, I think I scored low because I was doing blatant self-promotion. I'm trying to raise funds for my new self-published book DEAR OPRAH. I'm going to do a DEAR OPRAH Book Campaign Tour. Its mission is two-fold: 1)Get me published--alas! and 2)Raise money so I can fly to Chicago and meet Oprah. Any volunteers? I need donations, promotional materials, webdominatrixes--uh, I mean, webmasters/mistresses. Would anyone be interested?

 Hey!&nbsp; Welcome back, April!&nbsp; It's been a while..&nbsp; What have you been up to? New Friday Five again this Friday, okay?&nbsp; Don't forget to check the origin of the questions and blog your responses asap.&nbsp; Isn't it fun?&nbsp; I've only done two, so far.&nbsp; This last one and the one before it, and I'm totally hooked! Daf, I'm glad you found SSN useful.&nbsp; I'll try to link some of the more interesting sites that I visit.&nbsp; If you guys find places of interest, do the same also.

 Thanks for the SSN link, Ching. I sent them some of my prole haiku, just for fun. Daf

 1. What's the most romantic thing you've ever done for someone else? i beLieve iVe doNe iT aLL, heehee *_* seriousLee, pLanning a speciaL bday diNNer for LOUiE. he's never seen an actuaL magic show nor has he eaten in a four-star restaurant. he couLdnt even afford a bday gift 4me a month b4. so, i made reservatioNs at magic isLand for the both of us $200.00 - - that basicaLLee means, i was starving for weeks before n after that date! let's just say, more romantic moments after dinner ;oP 2. [pardon the cosmo question] What are your erogenous zones? neck girL, over hea! 3. How old were you the first time you had sex? hmmm...first time i made luv wuz with LOUiEY, 19. 4. What's the most unusual place you've ever had sex? weLL, we baptized Lou's first car. **shy** Twuz parKed near a bbaLL couRt. or in his second car, near a dumpster, during my godsis's cotiLLion party. 5. Do you have plans for Valentine's Day or is it just another Thursday? nah, this year, i aiNt doiN nuTTin! not up 2mee... u kno?

 you waNNa know cheesy? heath ledger!

 I came across something that may be of interest to you, Glee.. Small Spiral Notebook .&nbsp; The submission guidelines are as follows .&nbsp; You may be interested in this also, Daf.&nbsp; By the way, do any of you guys have wishlists at Amazon?&nbsp; I was just wondering.&nbsp; Because I was thinking of linking to everyone's wishlists.&nbsp; You can tell a lot about a person by the kind of things that they want. We went to see Rollerball this afternoon.&nbsp; It was pretty good.&nbsp; I love Rebecca Romijn-Stamos (also Mystique of X-Men ) ! &nbsp; I still think Chris Klein is cheesy -- no matter what other people say.&nbsp; He's kind of sucky as an actor.&nbsp; I can't fathom how he's landing all these acting jobs.

 Now - if you guys want to make Daf feel REALLY old, just say something like "I've never heard of any of these songs or groups or people". Alright, then.&nbsp; I won't say a word ! &nbsp; LOL -- &nbsp; =)

 1. What's the most romantic thing you've ever done for someone else? In '87, when I moved to DC, Kim stayed in Detroit with the kids for 4 months. It was really hard being apart. One weekend I flew home without telling her, had friends drop me at the restaurant two blocks from our house, and called and told her to come to the porch - I was having a present delivered. I walked down the street and up the driveway. She was in tears. 2. [pardon the cosmo question] What are your erogenous zones? Uh, the usual. 3. How old were you the first time you had sex? Care to expound? 16. On a church retreat with a bunch of kids I didn't know. Fran was 17, and, to this day, the most unattractive girl I've ever been with. I wasn't ready for this, and it showed. Monumentally unsatisfying. 4. What's the most unusual place you've ever had sex? In an Amtrak sleeper room. A little cramped, but still nice. 5. Do you have plans for Valentine's Day or is it just another Thursday? I'll be working. Probably overtime. Sometimes this job really sucks (like RIGHT NOW! 75 damn hours this week. Aaagh!). Besides, it'll be Lent. No fun allowed. Daf

 Finally, 33 years after I first heard "The Age of Aquarius", I saw "Hair" last night. It was, of course, a bit dated - but it was aware of its datedness. The movie was made in 1979, from a play first performed in 1967 or '68. Directed by Milos Forman. For all the hit music that came from this (Let the Sun Shine In, Good Morning Starshine, Easy to be Hard, AofA, Hair) I was completely unprepared for how good the performances were going to be. Whoever the girl was singing AofA at the opening positively roared! Cheryl Barnes did a deep and beautiful Easy to be Hard, and even the ridiculous Good Morning Starshine (Glitty gloop gloppy...) - sung by Beverly D'Angelo, no less - had a gritty feel to it, helped along by some gospelly sounding harmonies from the other leads. There was a lot of Broadway style filler and silliness, too - some pretty good, some just weird. But the story line just blew me away - I had no idea what was coming at the end. If you can get past the silly parts and the anachronisms, this is a powerful movie - Treat Williams, a Pan-style character through most of this, becomes Christlike at the end, John Savage is an excellent and unassuming everyman as Claude Bukowski, Beverly D'Angelo is full of surprises as the society girl who gradually loses her frosty society ways and becomes a regular person. Also interesting to see some TV celebs - Nell Carter, and the house mother from "Facts of Life". And some guest vocals from Ronnie Dyson and Melba Moore. The famous nude scene from the play isn't there, but Beverly shows her goodies a few times, and lots of guys get naked - including a very funny scene at the draft board. Best part for me, though, was the music. The "hit" songs sounded so much better in this movie than the bland versions from 5th Dimension, 3 Dog Night, and whoever that was who had the hit with "Good Morning Starshine" (ick!). Now - if you guys want to make Daf feel REALLY old, just say something like "I've never heard of any of these songs or groups or people". Where's my damn oatmeal?! Daf

 Have you guys done this week's Friday Five yet?&nbsp; I have !!! &nbsp; You should, too !!

 I was just re-living old web-clogging memories with Brian.&nbsp; Little did he know that he had a semi-famous girlfriend.&nbsp; I showed him the place where one of my old, unrefined webpages (as in, pre chingay.com, which was pre chingay.net -- both domains now defunct) was listed as one of "best of the cyber pinoys."&nbsp; It was at Tanikalang Ginto (August 29, 1998) if you must know and it was on Xoom no less.&nbsp; I don't know how many of you remember those days.&nbsp; But man!&nbsp; Those were the days, weren't they?

 Those were some interesting pictures. Ive never imagined these electic peters would come in different sizes. What was that game all about - Pass the Peter? Has anyone seen this Pinoy movie called "the debut"? I've been tracking it for about a year now and for some reason they dont want to break into the New York Market. They've finally placed screenings in the East Coast last Christmas out of all places Virginia. Whats wrong with "the debut" producers that they dont want to cash in the movies worth in the larger Filipino Market in the East Coast? Sorry for being such a pain but they began screening this movie called "Adobo" and it bombed in the reviews. just putting my 2 cents into this. Sex toys... coming to a small town near you. Net

 Sex-Toys Party Pics Check them out!

 I was searching for a topic in a Filipino search engine when I ran across this reviewer's comments on Chingay's online diary. I clicked the link and I was hooked. Ching was honest and hid nothing. Often she commented on how she might get kicked off some webserver do to her content. ;) Anyway, I read her entry about her various attractions and what it all meant. I responded to that entry w/ an e-mail. That began a very long daily e-mail correspondence in which I wrote her a litany of my survival. I sent her poems old and new. She sent me links to hers. I was drawn to her diaries, the way she was drawn to my e-mails. Often she convinced me to have my own website or online journal. I refused. Soon we were snail mailing each other. I sent her books mailed in packages covered in rave cards or whatever I could find. I scrawled in the the margins of SF Bay Area independent weekly newspapers. We talked on the phone. I joined her Yahoo! groups. I also joined an e-mail list group in which members took turning writing a bizarre story. If my memory serves me correctly, it was about an anti-hero who wanted to avenge the death of his pet boa who died as an adobo dish. The murderess was a bartender/songstress and a S&M dominitrax and a celebrity pet killer at large. Really, I was a goner. I searched Chingay in various search engines. I downloaded her photos and saved them on discs. I wrote e-mails to her California suitor. I even sent her a postcard from Reno and even used the Carson City public library's internet access to contact her and tell her not to worry. I just had a little roadtrip and I was snowed in in Nevada. We played Truth or Die on AOL Instant Messenger. Yaddy, yaddah...then she broke my heart: She fell in love with Brian, insulted California, and refused to meet me. Well, actually, she felt lonely for Brian, she thought the Bay Area was very crowded unlike the open spaces of Kansas, and we could not arrange to meet. Anyway, I was crushed. I retreated from the Chingay Yahoo! club for a while. Then out of curiosity I checked it out again. Then whammo bammo, I'm naming one of her group blogs.

 Why did you have to ask that question, Glee?&nbsp; These stories bring back such fond memories..&nbsp; It makes me want to cry.&nbsp; Nostalgia does that to me. Drama aside, I posted new pictures up.&nbsp; Feel free to check them out. Second Fitting Pictures Home Improvement Hell Enjoy!

 I ran across Ching in one of my AL-ANON meetings. Just kidding, I actually found her site on the web as I was searching for SKA on the web. I ended up looking at a profoundly made site and was so curious that other Filipinos were as interested in Ska as was I. I was known as VinzSka then and still now among certain circles but thats another story. Ching invited me to her Beau Monde club and another group where we started telling this never ending story about a Cyborg and her Girlfriend. Um er... or maybe thats another story yet again. Anyway, Ching is Awesome as an internet friend. Altough we have never met face to face we have talked a great deal online and She and I have faced reality in our own sense. Thank you for all those years, oh and I would also like to thank the ACADEMY... uh oh.. now Im just wasting time. Okay theyre telling me to finish up...Okay thanks Mom!. Peace out! ~Net

 Glee, I'm trying to remember, I think I stumbled across Ching's old Beau Monde club, followed the link to chingay.com, read some of her writings, and was hooked. She's always been a friendly, if elusive, part of my net travels since. Daf

 NET: It doesn't show up on Netscape because Netscape is crappy!

 Happy Easter to everyone!

 Happy Easter, you guys. The death march is officially over. Did my time sheet for the month today - 348 hours! That's 180 hours of overtime. Man, I never want to do that again. Daf (up for 33 hours straight yesterday and today)

 Happy Easter guys:)

 How come I cannot view the Golden Sushi Website on a Netscape Browser? =( Happy Easter everyone! I 'm off to California for the Iglesias Clan Family reunion. <>< NET

 SHREK is my all-time favorite animated movie! We saw ICE AGE several days ago, but I didn't think it was as good. I like it, but I still liked SHREK better. I still haven't seen MONSTERS INC. We missed it completely when it came out in theaters. We're waiting for it to be released on DVD so we can watch it. I heard it's very good. I still think SHREK will be my favorite for a while, though. We saw RESIDENT EVIL last week. It was awesome! I love Mila Jovovich. She's so hot! Michelle Rodriguez was great, too... But she turned into a zombie! Yikes! We're planning on watching BLADE 2 this Monday. I'm excited already! BTW, I heard about Netflix. Brian and I were seriously considering signing up.. After all, we are certified movie buffs. The only thing is, you are limited to three DVDs at any given time. They won't send you additional ones until you've returned some of the DVDs.. I don't know if they still have that rule.. But when we were thinking about it last year, they had that rule in place. It kind of turned us off to the whole thing (Brian and I will rent five DVDs all at once sometimes -- yes, we really need to get a life). Anyway, it helps if you have hook-ups at Hollywood Video. You won't have to pay at all!! LOL.

 I found a site where one can borrow DVDs online. Its called urlLink NETFLIX.com for less than 25 dollars a month, one can borrow DVDs and keep it for more than what Blockbuster will let you. They deliver using the post office plus its guaranteed satisfaction. I borrowed a couple of DVDs so far one didnt arrive and another was received damaged. Not a problem, all one has to do is access the website and tell them the poor condition you had received the DVD and you will get a replacement. This is a great deal! I borrowed Shrek tonight, cant wait its in the mail! ~NET

 NET , you guys look great. and yeah, we got back 2gether. iTz going great so far...

 APRIL Liza was so 5 minutes ago. Dot is my current girl. Its been more than 2 years now since we both decided to see each other exclusively. How is Hawaii April? Are you back with Louie? me and dot

 urlLink Jen is having the same problem that Jane was having.. For some reason she can't seem to join GS. I don't know what the deal is. She, do you think you can help? Just wondering..

 aLoha, from hawaii *_* NET, when did u & liza break-up? wow, i didNt know dat!!! GLEE, you shLd stiLL audition. They mite make an xceptioN since u look young... what can they do if youVe aLready goTTen in, rite??? heehee btw, which book are you doing a tour on? where can i get a copy? pLus, get on the oprah wagon asap cuz i agree with ching... oprah was going to quit after 10 years; she stayed cuz of new venues like dr. phiL & so on... how's everybody's spring break going so far?

 The following is a text version of a chat session of Net's day at Rock Center Cafe. Parts of the text has been edited to protect the innocent...Happy Reading.... Yagbee: remembe LIZA? Yagbee: +r Yagbee: Dot and I went to RockCenter Cafe last night Yagbee: We bumped into RIZZa , LIZA's cousin. MaDuree SoUr: WAIT Yagbee: I said.. OMG! but tried not to look at Rizza when i said it MaDuree SoUr: GIV ME SUMTIME 2 READ UR STORY MaDuree SoUr: RIZZA??? Yagbee: rizza q(edited) Yagbee: LIZA.. the girl i used to date up in Boston MaDuree SoUr: o is shes a singer or actress MaDuree SoUr: how cum i wasn't invited MaDuree SoUr: lol MaDuree SoUr: i can't believe u smacked ur BOSS wit ur "BOLONEY" MaDuree SoUr: lol Yagbee: it all happened in my head.. I actually forgave him when he bought me some cheeze doodles to replace it Yagbee: behold the power MaDuree SoUr: o so dats ur "KRYPTONITE" MaDuree SoUr: d cheesenitey Yagbee: its not kryptonite... is cheeze... this aint smallville Yagbee: its cheezeville Yagbee: so anyway for a minute there... I had forgotten RIZZA's name...so I said to dot.. quick order up something with cheeze Yagbee: then Neil .. Rizza's fiance... looked at me with a face, wonderin if he had seen me before.. I tried to look preoccupied at the skaters who obviously had ate some cheese cuz they were great on the ice Yagbee: except maybe for this chinese guy who might have had too much moo go gai pan cuz he tried to do a spin move and bang .. slipped and fell., ouch i hope he didnt break his cheeze doodle.. MaDuree SoUr: wel did u finally talk 2 rizza MaDuree SoUr: lol MaDuree SoUr: u hav sum adventure Yagbee: after a creete salvation devouring Lamp Chops and a sauce with cheese on top... I said to Dot, Okay ill approach her and ask her name... I dabled on some more of the keso sauce and apploached Rizza Yagbee: then it dawned to me.. RIZZA Yagbee: thats her name Yagbee: behold the power Yagbee: I asked her if she had ever had an experience eating cheese Yagbee: then Neil smiled at us Yagbee: Rizza had a bedazzled look on her face... Yagbee: Dot was giggling Yagbee: Rizza said: Youre Vince right? Yagbee: I said yes. MaDuree SoUr: hooooo lalaa MaDuree SoUr: so he noes u 2 MaDuree SoUr: she i mean MaDuree SoUr: was it LUV at first sight Yagbee: nah.. but it was cheeze at first bite Yagbee: I introduced Dot to Neil and Rizza Yagbee: then our waiter appoached us and gave me a free anytime pass to the skating rink Yagbee: he said..come by anytime, just ask for Mustafa, Yagbee: so the lesson is... try to remember someones name and when you ever try to make reservations at RockCenter Cafe...and you cant get one.. ask for Mustafa MaDuree SoUr: lol MaDuree SoUr: nice Yagbee: remember to order the Lamb Chops and have a side order of cheese just in case you become forgetful MaDuree SoUr: sowee MaDuree SoUr: i'm not a mEat lover Yagbee: Lamb is meat MaDuree SoUr: yeaaaaaaaaaaaa MaDuree SoUr: i noe Yagbee: with cheeze its even better Yagbee: when you remember the names its quite extraordinary MaDuree SoUr: o yea...i wil not 4get MaDuree SoUr: so is dat d lesson Yagbee: the lesson is .. maduree san.... do not take cheeze doodles to the skating rink MaDuree SoUr: lol Yagbee: and when you skate on the rink.. look into the rock center cafe window and yell at the patrons... Behold the Power!! MaDuree SoUr: ok vincent san MaDuree SoUr: konnichiwa Yagbee: hai MaDuree SoUr: ohayoo gozaimasu Yagbee: cheeze doodle.... Yagbee: what is that? Yagbee: ohayoo gozaimasu? MaDuree SoUr: good mornine MaDuree SoUr: o babe MaDuree SoUr: i hav 2 go Yagbee: later MaDuree SoUr: it was a pleasure talkin 2 u Yagbee: hugz till cheeze time. ~Net

 GLEE: If you are really serious about getting in touch with Oprah, you'll need to get a move on it because there are dozens of rumors floating around that she is calling it quits.&nbsp; There is no confirmation, but that's what I've heard. SHE: I'm sure that you do a great job and have nothing to worry about.&nbsp; As for me, I will be unemployed and overweight.&nbsp; It sucks. Anyway, if any of you want to see pictures.&nbsp; I have pictures at Brinkster.&nbsp; Just follow the pink gingham.

 My contract will be expiring on the 15th of April. Im crossing my fingers that they will still rehire me... whichever subject they ask me to teach. I wanna sabotage all the applicants so they will have no other choice but to get me (hehe...)

 Thanks, for the HTML tags. I really need to brush up on them. My room is such a mess right now. It has my poetry, massage supplies, books, puclicity flyers, newspaper articles and clippings, clothes, etc. ARRRRGH! I really need to get organized. I'm so busy lately. I used to average about 2 therapeutic massage clients a day. Now, I only get about one a week. I got in a car accident a coupla weeks ago. A teen driver rearended me. I now see the chiropractor 3 times a week. I got two job opportunities working at various spas, but because of my tight schedule, lack of reliable transporation, and my whiplash injuries, I had to decline job interview opportunities. Send good thoughts my way for speedy recovery, and hopefully I will be able to be able to build my therapeutic massage practice again. After my book tour, I'm actually thinking about acting. Yeah, I saw a group of AIDS health educators performing a play called "Secrets." They all were over the age of 22. When I told them I want to join their cast, they got real excited. I told them that I have my book tour to finish and I have a huge event to produce so it will be a while before I can commit. Oh, I have an opportunity to audition for an HBO spokenword/slam show. The only thing is that they are asking for 18-30 y.o. poets. I just turned 32. Martha, the hostess of the Listen & Be Heard open mic where I regularly read at, said that was "rude and ageist" and that I should "lie." Dammit, I look like a kid!

 Hello people! I'm glad the rest of the SMEAGHE are blogging already. Jeng was asking me why I haven't blogged in a while. I told her I am still somewhat depressed coz I haven't found a full-time job yet. I don't know what is up with everyone. Ching is it true that you'll lose your job at Spiegel? Jeng actually gave me a call today and she also said that her company will be relocating next month. She too will have to find a new job by the end of April. Oh well, hang in there and good luck with your job hunting. Cel, Congratulations! You're family and I are very thrilled to hear that you'll be graduating soon. I hope you got graduation money already. :)

 GLEE:&nbsp; It's really easy to add links and graphics.&nbsp; All you have to do is go into the "TEMPLATE" section to make your modifications.&nbsp; Locate the spot that you want to put your links/graphics and type away.&nbsp; The appropriate syntax is listed below. FOR LINKS &lt;A HREF="http://enter.url.here"&gt;Link Title&lt;/A&gt; FOR IMAGES &lt;IMG SRC="http://image.url.here"&gt; FOR IMAGE LINKS &lt;A HREF="http://enter.url.here"&gt;&lt;IMG SRC="http://image.url.here"&gt;&lt;/A&gt; Try these and let me know if they work for you.&nbsp; If you have any problems, do not hesitate to holler. By the way, I remember Rupert and I also remember "Anxiety Closet."&nbsp; I still think it's my favorite one.&nbsp; I suspect a lot of people feel the same way.

 Thanks, Ching! Ching, I have several links and graphics I want to add to my blog. How do I add them to the side column? Is it possible to do that? I'm so beat. I have gone to three poetry slams. I performed at two of them. I scored a 22 or 24 points out of a possible 30 when I performed "Anxiety Closet" at the Bezerkeley Slam. It was the host's birthday, and I gave him my only copy of the Watershed that was the first publication to publish my poem. I just had to let go of it. It was my security blanket for so long. "Anxiety Closet" is now on my friend's Leah's expressions section of her website. I think I'm rivals with this guy named Jaime Kennedy. He's a three time National Slam poet and self-proclaimed "asshole." Jaime, Geoff Trenchard, and Rupert Estanislao (the last of the latter used to be my bf) are a slam poet group called the Suicide Kings. Jaime hosts the most obnoxious three-ring circus of a poetry slam called Tourettes without Regrets. If a poetry slam was part WWF and part Jerry Springer Show then you will have Tourettes. Jaime and his show was so notorious that he got kicked out of two cities, Benicia and Vallejo. He took his show and his followers to a bigger city called Oakland. Anyway, he's the epitome of what I don't want to be when I grow up. Rupert is auditioning for my Vallejo spokenword corps called Phoenix Rising. I don't if how much he'll commit to it. He's so busy with being one of the house poets at Tourettes and he goes to almost every slam imagninable. Is there a poetry slam in your area? An open mic? My gf did some research and found two snail mail addresses for Oprah Winfrey. Harpo Productions P.O. Box 909715 Chicago, IL 60607 Oprah Winfrey Show 1058 W. Washington St. Chicago, IL I'm still working on getting a P.O. Box.

 Glee, I've added a link to your section on the member's list. It opens the Dear Oprah blog.

 http://dear_oprah.blogspot.com/

 Hello all! Please come visit my new site, urlLink www.VirtualDumpster.Com its great! Please visit my urlLink VD Gear store and help me promote my site and purchase some of my new stuff. Happy surfing!

 UPS came yesterday and left a slip stating that they attempted to deliver a package which required a signature.&nbsp; It said DKNY.&nbsp; I figured it was my watch.&nbsp; I left work early, too!&nbsp; We probably just missed them by a few minutes.&nbsp; Brian was saying that if he would have come home straight from work, instead of taking me to lunch, he could have been home to accept the package.&nbsp; Darn it. The slip did state that a second attempt would be made the following day, Friday (today).&nbsp; I stayed home from work even though I could not afford it, to ensure that I would be home to accept my package.&nbsp; They came a little earlier than stated, but I was thrilled to finally have it.&nbsp; I saw it in the catalog two weeks ago and just had to have it.&nbsp; Actually a lot of people at work are going on shopping sprees because after our call center closes on May 17th and everyone is laid off, we won't be able to avail of our 30% merchandise discount any longer.

 I don't know if you guys have heard yet, but SGTS is closing the Spiegel call center in Wichita.&nbsp; As of May 17th, everyone is getting laid off.&nbsp; Yes.&nbsp; That includes me.&nbsp; The news broke on Tuesday.&nbsp; It was actually on all the local news channels.&nbsp; I'm looking for a new job.&nbsp; If any of you have any leads, I'm open to suggestions. I took a partial day at work today.&nbsp; Left early.&nbsp; It's hard to be productive in times like these.&nbsp; It's like nothing matters anymore.&nbsp; On a lighter note, Brian and I finally got a chance to watch Zoolander .&nbsp; It's hilarious!&nbsp; I highly recommend it.&nbsp; I told Brian that we have to own it on DVD because I enjoyed it so much.

 hey guys what's up? i'm so bored i've got nothing to do anymore my boss left already that's why i'm having fun hehe...

 hey mhyls happy birthday, i miss you.

 Happy Birthday, Mhyls!

 i'll be waitin 4 your call later, jhayne. I'll be seeing cel and eloi tonight for myls' b-day party.

 hey guys what's up? i hope i could get a chance to talk to all of you. sheryll i'll call you later coz i need to ask you something. eloi how are you? cel i know i still owe you something don't worry i'll make it up soon:) gotta go my boss is here. lates!

 hi! its me again im here with eloi and sheryll,,,we miss you guys! well, finally il be graduating soon....

 i caNt sLeep!!! and iM leaving in a coupLe of hours. eNihoo, ching, how muxh/where did u get d domain? waNNa start one, and i couLd use ya 4a referraL....heehee^_^ i did luv guy pearce in monte carLo! he has a kewL aura...beRrie appeaLing*_*

 Welcome, Cel ! &nbsp; I'm glad to see that you're finally.&nbsp; We hope to hear from you soon.&nbsp; Jhayne has already posted a couple of messages.&nbsp; I think she's getting the hang of it.&nbsp; Much thanks to Sheryll for helping to get Jhayne connected. Anyway, I thought I'd let you guys know (if you have not visited the domain -- urlLink http://www.goldensushi.net -- yet) that we offering FREE EMAIL (you@goldensushi.net) and FREE HOSTING (http://www.goldensushi.net/~you) to all Golden Sushi members.&nbsp; Let me know if any of you are interested.&nbsp; Since I've got paid hosting and quite a bit of space, I figured I should share the wealth.&nbsp; There's no room for greedy people here. The bad news is, you have to have some knowledge of HTML and FTP in order to use the space because I don't have a web editor (learn to use Notepad, gosh-darn-it ! ) or a web upload utility available for you.&nbsp; If you want to learn or need help, do not hesitate to holler.&nbsp; My inbox is always open 24/7.&nbsp; If you don't want to FTP, but would like to create your own web pressence -- I highly recommend Brinkster .&nbsp; They give you 30MB (that's a lot of space, I promise you).&nbsp; They have a user-friendly web interface that allows you to upload files through your browser.&nbsp; No online editing tool, though.&nbsp; As far as creating your pages, you are on your own.&nbsp; Sheryll can help or I can help -- if you've got any questions. Other news, Brian has purchased his own domain also (http://www.virtualdumpster.com/ -- it's not up yet, but it will be in a week).&nbsp; He'll be offering FREE EMAIL also.&nbsp; As for HOSTING, I think he'd decided to charge for it.&nbsp; The pricing that he was thinking of was very reasonable, though.&nbsp; So it's not like he's going to be asking an arm and a left for it.&nbsp; We'll keep you up-to-date on that. Yesterday was a lot of fun.&nbsp; We went to our first pre-marital counseling session.&nbsp; It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.&nbsp; It was kind of nice actually.&nbsp; We talked about how Brian and I met and our families etc.&nbsp; We took home this booklet and we completed it last night.&nbsp; We're going to go over our answers in next week's session.&nbsp; Some of our answers were different, but I still think that Brian and I are totally compatible.&nbsp; No quiz or survey or test will change my mind on that. We went to see The Time Machine right after.&nbsp; I loved it ! &nbsp; I love Guy Pearce ! &nbsp; He is so awesome ! &nbsp; It's hard for me to get into all the details, but I really enjoyed the movie.&nbsp; I'm not usually into sci-fi because it's all so implausible -- I just find myself questioning everything throughout the movie..&nbsp; This one was different, though.&nbsp; They really got me to buy it..&nbsp; That, my friend, is quite an accomplishment.&nbsp; I love that everything happened in the span of a week.&nbsp; I love the simultaneous time overlay in the ending.&nbsp; It was great ! After that we went to meet mom at the bowling alley.&nbsp; I offered to watch Logan while she bowled so she could play without distractions.&nbsp; Brian was excited about playing with Logan, too.&nbsp; We don't get to see him very often.&nbsp; I guess that's all for now.&nbsp; Happy blogging !

 You are just doing right, jhayne! It's good to hear from you! Keep on blogging...

 saw "time machine" last nite....didNt like it. enJoYed the architectural designs tho. did any of u see "queen of the damned"? nobodie waNNa see dat wid me =o(

 k....so muxh have happend this week. i doNt even waNNa taLk bout it coz iM sooo depreSSd, but it miTe heLp. good news: i got a better paying job at methodist hospitaL and iM finaLLee quitting diLLard's. woo hoo. To celebrate LOUiE surprised me with a trip to hawaii. it worKed out weLL cuz i doNt start on the new job til the 25th and last day at diLLs is mar 11, flight is the 13th and stayin there tiL the 23rd. so, tha's reaLLee kewL. i wuz aLL xcited, then mom was reaLLy unsupportive! she basicaLLee said iM an embarrassment, and i beTTer not dare show mah face to our relatives over there. YOU GET iT??? i dont! plus, iM going on a vacation iVe been needing since two years ago. i dNt understand why me not finishing coLLege or going to hawaii with my bf of 3yrs wouLd cause her to give me the silent treatment. NormaLLy, iLL find this a bLessing but it's reaLLy bothering me. and this filipina found dead in the park, micheLLe, an acquiantande isNt helping my pLight either. heLp!

 Finally, after 2 years in the GIA pipeline (and another 3 1/2 languishing before that), "Joy" is published! This is my first and only published piece - hope you don't mind if I get a little excited. It's a gospel-style cantor + SATB piece, based on James 1. It's available from urlLink GIA publications (now, I assume - I received the printed copies today), # G-5369. They've published it as part of their Leavensong series, which is a new one on me - haven't seen this series before. Anyhow, thanks to Malcolm the K, who convinced me to submit it, and to all of you, whose missives I look forward to every day, and help inspire me to write. I am just so incredibly happy right now... Jay

 Let me know if you guys want free goldensushi.net email.. Email me your preferred user name and password -- if you want webmail/pop email or if you just want email forwarding.

 By the way, GOLDENSUSHI.NET is now live! Go check it out! Welcome, Jhayne! You're finally here!

 FRIDAY FIVE!! 1. What makes you homesick? &nbsp; Watching "Beach Week" on the Travel Channel. 2. Where is "home" for you? Is it where you are living now, or somewhere else (ie: Mom & Dad's house, particular state/city)? &nbsp; I still consider the Philippines to be my home.&nbsp; I particularly miss Tanjay and the simple life.&nbsp; Mom and Dad built a new house there.&nbsp; The construction is complete and the landscaping is half-way done.&nbsp; It just needs to be furnished.&nbsp; I hope to take Brian there next year so he can see what it was like to grow up in the province. 3. What makes it home for you? People? Things? &nbsp; Everything.&nbsp; The people, the animals, the things..&nbsp; The sights, smells and sound.&nbsp; The food!&nbsp; I miss authentic Pinoy food so much! 4. Where is the furthest you've been from home, miles-wise? &nbsp; Here. 5. What are your plans for this weekend? &nbsp; Stripping wallpaper (some more), visiting Mom and checking out her new dining room ensemble..&nbsp; Watching The Time Machine ..&nbsp; Getting Brian's hair cut at the mall..&nbsp; Redeeming yet another Express coupon.

 hey people i have'nt got anything from you guys. sheryll will you pls. text or e-mail me so i'll know if you get this or not. i'm on my break right now and as always i'm bored ever. ching what's up with you? btw, i might go to your wedding i'm allowed to have one week vacation coz i've been working in this company for one year and one month now. i'm so excited to see you and pia. anyways, hope to hear from you guys soon.

 According to the test I have a lot of money. Well, a lot of people think I do. You don't go around saying that you make $20-65/ an hour, and you're also the producer of two major productions without really meaning it. I mean it. Ching, can remember all those years of me whining about my state of unemployment. Now, I'm my own boss, I create my own hours, I have enough time and money to do my creative endeavors and do a lot of community building and grassroots organizing. Well, Ching, I got it up. It's http://www.dear_oprah@blogspot.com I'll scan the logos and give you the links. Do you think you can help me out? I have several logos and links I'm associated with. Daf, my mother still hasn't gotten back to me about Tagalog song lyrics. I will go bug her again. Ching, have you been receiving my DEAR OPRAH e-mail newsletter? The rest of you guys if you want to know what's going on with poetry book tour and the Phoenix Rising, Vallejo's Premiere Spokenword Corps, then I suggest you subscribe to my DEAR OPRAH newsletter. You'll never know. Maybe we'll stop in near your area. :) To subscribe, e-mail dearoprah@yahoo.com and write "Subscribe" in the subject hearder.

 hey guys i'm not sure if you'll get this message and if i'm doing the right thing. will someone from you guys e-mail me or text me so i'll know if i'm already in, ok? gotta go my boss is here i need to finish tons of work for him. sheryll pls text me if you get the chance to read this. miss you guys:)

 No.&nbsp; I've decided to combine SMEAGHE and WEB CLOGGERS into one: GOLDEN SUSHI.&nbsp; The reason is that I find myself blogging the same thing on both blogs.&nbsp; This will save me typing.&nbsp; Plus, we all do not blog so regularly.&nbsp; People on SMEAGHE go on hiatus and people on WEB CLOGGERS go on hiatus and there will be weeks with no message postings at all..&nbsp; With just one blog, the gaps will be less frequent.&nbsp; Old SMEAGHE Today and WEB CLOGGERS posts will be available for as long as GeoCities wants to keep them open.

 Hi! I'm in!!! I hope Jhayne gets to blog soon! So, there's no more smeaghe? Is this not exclusive for smeaghe anymore?

 Pia, I added your URL to your info link.

 What?!

 Shocking! I thought Blogger.com assigned me to an adult blogger of sorts! Looking at my compass, it looks like all roads lead to Wichita. I will keep blogging and follow the yellow brick road. ~Net PS. Ching I got the same thing.... urlLink urlLink This quiz says absolutely nothing about your personality. Take it!

 Raw Yellow Fish?

 Effective next week, Web Cloggers will be known as Golden Sushi and will move to GoldenSushi.net -- I registered it last night and by next week, it should be up and running. Please modify your links.

 Does the Chat work for MAC users? ~Net

 Ching: I wish I took a picture of my sunglasses when I was down in L.A. Jeff has the digital camera. I only borrowed it from him when I had my birthday barbeque a couple of weeks ago. BTW, Eloi and Jhoy have already signed in our SMEAGHE blog.

 PIA: Nice sunglasses! I think I would like to see the real thing, though.. You should take a picture with your digital camera. =)

 ching, i'm in... hope to chat with you later

 Chat? Now I can completely rid myself of AOL then. Free chat on Golden Sushi? What about some SAKI too? So, when does the chat room begin? Gosh I am so excited I think im gonna Pee! Ops, Note to self dont over express yourself on blog. Someone might get offended. Anyway, do let me know when the chat session will be. (_)_) ~Net

 Ching: I finally figured out what was going on with the chat. I am in and I can't wait to chat with you guys. Let me know when you're online okay! I think I also figured out how to use the web ftp thingy. I will ask you more questions about it later. For the mean time check out my new Prada sunglasses. Jeff gave it to me as a birthday present. I posted a picture in my blog .

 Thanks Ching for making me feel better... the past two days were like hell. You know what i'm talkin about. I'm so thankful that we were able to talk again... its been years since we last talked about real personal stuff. There are times that im longing for someone to talk to, someone to confide my emotions, someone i can count on, or someone i can just laugh with... i miss having a best friend and all those longings were actually gone just few hours ago. I actually felt like you were just here...

 Sheryll!! I can see you! I was in the room at the same time as you are. I kept typing messages, but you did not reply. I'm worried that the chat might not be working properly... GRR! P.S. I can't text you because our cellphone service is nationwide only (employee rate plan) and I cannot dial internationally. =(

 I'm in... I'm in!!!! Ching, I'm in the chat room.... hope to see you there. If you're online anytime between 10am to 5pm (philippine time) and i'm not in the room... kindly txt me 63-918-3231095 so i can go access the net again. Otherwise, I'll be back in the room on May 2 (tomorrow is a Holiday) 9am to 5pm.

 GLEE: You won't have to download or install anything to your computer.. Just click on the link. CHAT -- as far as the username and password; if you have not been there yet you will need to register a name for the chat. Click on the "register here" link. After you sign up, you should be good to go. You'll use the same username and password to login to the chat every time. I'm hoping that we can all chat as a group one day -- see if the thing really works. SHE: You use the username and password that I emailed to you for the FTP. If you deleted it, I can email it to you again. Now you can upload your pictures through the web! Cool, huh? APRIL: I have not set you up with webspace yet; but if you want to have your own space to FTP to just let me know and I will set it up.

 Ching, I'm tearing my hair! I cannot keep up with all this techno stuff. As you can see I'm neglecting my blog simply cuz I am an ignorant fool when it comes to HTML. Chat? Is that another thing that I have to download to my laptop just to watch it crash? sarcasm Looks like Glee is going to need a new computer. Thank gawd it can be considered a business expense or a donation for my nonprofit. :)

 gLee, iF u drink, pretend iM buying u sum bacardi siLver rite now.... ching, same prob with sheryLL. ftp thingy... i luv mouLin rouGe, just hated nicoLe kidman. she doesNt impress me @aLL. soRRie, u guys.

 CHING: How can I join the webchat and the ftp thing? I tried to click them but they're both askin for username and password. What should I do, then? Anyways, I'm online from 9am to 5pm Phil. time. Inform me when you're online too so we can try the webchat.

 That's very impressive, Daf! Thankfully, I've got an Acrobat Reader.. Click here to see the screen shoot! By the way, has anyone tried the FTP and WEBCHAT yet? Just curious.. We should schedule a group chat sometime to see if it really works. =)

 Ching, I read a Moulin Rouge review that said the movie was proof that even "strange, enchanted boys" (i.e., Ewen McGregor, referring to his theme song) want to nail Nicole Kidman... If you're so inclined, go to urlLink GIA and search on "Jay" - you'll get one hit. There's supposed to be a sample pdf, but I couldn't see it - might need a newer Acrobat Reader. Daf (quitting his church gig for now, because "no man can serve two masters" - I'll be back after I have my BMus in Church Music)

 We still love ya, Glee. Can we call you in your cave, send you some chicken soup, or something? Friends may not get you through times of no lovers all that well, but it beats being friendless too. Daf

 Hi, you guys! I don't know where I left off. I hardly watch tv or movies lately. I'm too busy with other commitments that any travelling that is not related to massage therapy or spoken word and/or arts events are just out of the question. As you can tell, I'm beat. Plum exhuasted. I've been juggling my therapeutic massage practice, organizing for a huge poetry and arts festival, and founding Vallejo Phoenix Rising--a touring spoken word group that will promote the local arts organizations and raise funds for publications and other performance poetry productions. Bad news. My girlfriend dumped me. It was no surprise. It was my fault. The distance. The fact that our parents would totally oppose our relationship. The fact that I'm bound in Vallejo cuz the finances are not picking up. Oh, and I cheated on her. [hisssss, hisss, BOOOO] Yeah, I feel like shit. I'm going to crawl into a cave and die now...

 APRIL: Friday Five is at urlLink fridayfive.org .. DAF: I've seen all of the movies that you listed except for Moulin Rouge , which for some reason or other Brian has no desire to watch. I, on the other hand, am a major Nicole Kidman fan. I'm anxious to see it. Perhaps I'll be able to convince Brian to rent it one day. We've got that rent-one-get-one-free deal at Hollywood Videos through the 15th of May, anyhow. I loved Bridget Jones Diary (very funny) and Rock Star (nostalgic).. Ice Age was okay. I didn't think it was nearly as good as Shrek . Tailor of Panama was alright. It put Brian to sleep. I actually stayed awake through the whole thing, but despite the merits of the story the movie had slowed down considerably at certain parts. I didn't find it as enjoyable as other similar Pierce Brosnan (spelling?) movies. By the way, in the process of installing chat, I came across a free web upload utility so I'm pleased to announce that Golden Sushi now boasts web upload compatibility! Hip! Hip! Hurrah! You won't need not install WS_FTP or CuteFTP.. You just need to click on the link and voila! Instant upload capability! Whooppee!

 Here's what we saw lately - Bridget Jones (excellent!!!), Moulin Rouge (mostly fun - really liked the DVD's "you pick the view" feature on the extra dance bits), Rock Star (not as bad as it was supposed to be, and the new tunes were pretty good if you like hair metal), The Tailor of Panama (disappointing - really liked the book), and Ice Age (at the theater - fun mostly). Anyone else? Daf

 where's the friday five?? i think the RoCK is ok...he looks gud & aLL, but movie roLes must b limited for him. i am waiting for star wars and spiderman.

 CHAT IS COMING! Yippee! If I enable this feature, you can thank Tim Morgan ..

 By the way, The Scorpion King sucked!&nbsp; If you must see it, wait for the DVD/VIDEO release.&nbsp; The imagery was good, but the dialogue sucked.&nbsp; It was like they didn't even try.&nbsp; Brian says that had to keep the lines simple of the The Rock.&nbsp; LOL!

 Sheryll wanted to post this picture of her two little boys, Steffano and Cameron.&nbsp; The older one (Steffano, right) is my inaanak , who I owe mucho mucho gifts big time. By the way, She, I changed my mind..&nbsp; Instead of uploading it to the Golden Sushi site like I said in the email, I uploaded it to your space.&nbsp; The actual URL of the picture is http://www.goldensushi.net/~she/nokncam.jpg .&nbsp; Once you get your FTP program installed, you can upload more pictures to your personal space and link to them in the same manner. DAF, your "crooked nose" post makes me think of Owen Wilson (of Shanghai Noon , Zoolander , Behind Enemy Lines fame).&nbsp; It's his signature look! My biggest abnormality is my greenish mole on my right arm.&nbsp; It's huge!&nbsp; I think it's gotten bigger as I've grown older.&nbsp; Thankfully, it's not cancerous!

 Hey! I just got paid! woohoo!!! (_)_)~Net

 Hmm. 1 - huge belly on an otherwise skinny frame - yuck! Anyone remember the Timbertoes from Children's Highlights? That's me. 2 - I had an extra bone in each foot. Blocked my arch, had it removed when I was 13. End of my football career, except that I already told you how I was built. The career would have gone away anyhow. 3 - crooked nose - or maybe asymmetrical is a better word. More syllables anyhow. It's just not centered right on my face. 4 - see the RABBIT BLOG . Then read the URL. the shame, the shame... Nice blog, though. Daf (who has more, but he's really bumming himself out).

 Im starting to get a pot belly.. BURRRRP! oh yeah and my second toe is also longer than my big toe. Oh Oh and I can also curl my tongue. And if you pull my finger.... I fart. (_)_) ~Net

 Does having a big belly count as abnormal? :) I look like I have a beer belly and it sucks coz I know that I won't fit my bridesmaid dress for Ching's wedding :) Oh yeah, and I think I have some very high cheek bones. I don't look very good with tons of blush because I look like a clown. :)

 i have questions, and i have 2make this sneaky-quick coz mah sis z LooKiN over ma shouLder 2make sure iM emaiLin mah proF or sumthin... i couLdNt sLeep... coz i wuz wondeRin about creepy schtuff. question: "do you have an abnormaL naturaL part in uR body? iF so, what & where is it?" heehee, cza z goNNa kiLL me iF she discovers iVe divuLged dat she got freakee feet. her second toes are LONGER dan her big toe. ergo, she doesNt wear baRing shoes/sandaLs. payback for ate aJ!! woo-hoo ^_^ miNe's not 2weiRd... i have a biRthmark on mah left forehead- - it makes me look like iVe bumPed mah head so bad i got a big "buKoL," but iTs just a moLe. AND on mah back, i have the GazmeN women moLe: a LiTTLe king hoLding a spear or sumthing. caNt wait 2hear uRs ("( 'o', )

 CHING: How can I post pictures here in the blogger?

 I sent out invites for urlLink www.alumni.net It's a site for everyone to get in touch with their former classmates all over the world. pls check it out coz I've already got an email from one of my former classmates back in college. I registered in Assumption College and Saint Francis, too. Hope to see your names there. You can also view lists of students, faculty or employee in other schools so if you've been hunting a person, you might see the name there then you may send a message to him through that site, just click on the school where that person went to.

 Sheryll: Don't worry, I will email Cel and tell her to just look for a job muna. I really can't guarantee if her kuya and I will come back this summer. I'm still disappointed but we're all hoping that she can actually come here with her parents by next year. Her family is hoping that they can still petition her. Anyhoo, I might give her a call when I visit Jeff this weekend. I still need to buy a phone card. Ching: To my dearest webmaster thanks for helping me out once again with my blog! I am still looking for a DDR game and dance pad for you! :) Hang in there!

 JHAYNE: You said you would call me again? Pls call me when you get the chance, okay?

 Brian and I are going to see The Scorpion King this afternoon.&nbsp; I'm not a fan of The Rock, but I love the series.&nbsp; We've seen The Mummy and The Mummy Returns , it's only natural that we should see The Scorpion King .&nbsp; I'll let you know what I think of it later tonight. Speaking of movies, have you all seen Original Sin ?&nbsp; If not, you should.&nbsp; It's very sexy.

 I've justified everything, Pia.&nbsp; All of your entries will automatically be justified.&nbsp; Let me know if there is anything else that I can do. SHERYL, you will need to download and install the FTP program first because that is the only way that you will be able to access the FTP site.&nbsp; Once you've installed the FTP program, you just need to plug in the information that I have given you and then you can upload to your heart's content. Wow!&nbsp; 70,000 PHP just for Nursery?&nbsp; I'm afraid to ask how much grade school and high school tuition are..&nbsp; Talk about inflation?!&nbsp; Education didn't cost that much when we were growing up.&nbsp; At least, I didn't think so.

 70,000 wow thats like going to a city college for 6 months. ~Net

 CHING: What will I do first? I cannot access the URL. Should I download the FTP program first... please help me! By the way, Nokee will be studying here this coming school year and the tuition fee for Nursery is PHP70,000. PIA: If you are already sure that you and Jeff arent comin home this July. I suggest you tell Cel coz she doesn't want to look for a stable job yet. She wants to get a job to save money then resign when you get here. She has a lot of plans already. I'm dissapointed but its okay, though. You can come home anytime you like this year but my best friend's wedding is only once. You better opt to attend Ching's wedding than come home. I envy the people who will witness Ching's wedding. That is gonna be the happiest day of her life and I am hoping I can be a part of it.

 Ching: Can you change the settings in my blog so that all my post will automatically be written justified? Is it also possible to justify the description on the side (where my short self-description goes)? Sorry if I sounded so anal about this. I just wanted everything to be uniform. Thanks again! :) Sheryll: Nope, I am not sure anymore if I will be going back there in July. Jeff will be teaching summer school and Ching's wedding is in the beginning of August. I may not have enough time to travel back. My whole family is planning a big reunion in the beginnning of August which I may not be able to attend to as well. It is a bummer I know but since I am only working part-time, I can't afford to pay for all my travel plans. Nothing is definite yet but, I will keep you guys informed if ever Jeff and I decide to go back.

 By the way, I went to the SIS website.&nbsp; Their facilities are impressive.&nbsp; How much tuition?

 SHERYL: Your account is ready. Your URL is http://www.goldensushi.net/~she and you should receive your FTP info in your mail shortly. Recommended FTP programs: CuteFTP WS FTP LE You will need to install an FTP program (if your computer does not have one already) in order to access your space. Let me know if you need any help.

 I heard that on the 23rd of this month, Yahoo mail will no longer be free so pls erase my yahoo add in your address book and change it to urlLink sheryll@notme.com .

 CHING: Can you set me up in golden sushi like Pia's. Just inform me for the steps I need to take. PIA: Is it true that u're coming home on July? I'm excited. I can't wait to see you!!!! By the way, Oliver stays in Moonwalk and he goes to the same church that you go to. I'll ask him when I see him. JENG: Thanks soooo much for the money u sent for Cameron. It really means a lot to us. Cel brought it to our house last Saturday. I just couldnt txt u coz I ran out of load. Pls keep in touch and call me again when you have the chance.

 Our friend Karen had not yet seen Episodes IV, V, VI of the Star Wars series so we had a Star Wars movie marathon last night.&nbsp; Man was I sleepy!&nbsp; I ended up sleeping through parts of my favorite Episode (VI)..&nbsp; Bummer!&nbsp; We're going to watch Episode I again soon -- all in preparation for the movie release of Episode II.&nbsp; Can you feel the excitement yet?

 PIA: You can justify your posts manually by using the ALIGN attribute. Example: &lt;DIV ALIGN="justify"&gt; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &lt;/DIV&gt; &lt;P ALIGN="justify"&gt; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &lt;/P&gt; Or, if you want it justified automatically I can set it in the template (less typing for you). Let me know which way you want to do it.

 Meanwhile, Net has endured being a chauffer for Dot and her visitors from Buffalo. (more to come). (_)_) ~~Net

 Ching: Thanks for all the help. Don't worry I will keep your advice in mind whenever I post some pictures up in my blog. BTW, I was just wondering if there is any way keep my blog posts justified. I thought it would look more uniform and pleasant if my post were all aligned.

 PIA: If you have the pictures one on top of the other (as you do on your blog), it looks nicer when the widths are the same. If you have the pictures along a horizontal line, it looks nicer when the heights are uniform. Here's the lazy way to achieve this: If the pictures are of different sizes, you can just specify the width (or height) and the browser will do the rest. It's actually better if you specify both sizes, but if you don't specify the sizes correctly you end up paying the price in picture quality. At any rate, when you resize your pictures in a photo editor, keep them under 500 pixels.

 Sheryll: I was checking out your guestbook from your SIS Chinese website and I recognized one of the names. I think that guy Oliver Alvarez went to the same church with me when I was younger. If I am not mistaken I think he lives somewhere in Moonwalk close to our church. Ask him if he knows my uncle, Onie Hernaez (Leslie's dad). I took the liberty to check out the teacher's profile and I remembered his face. Oh well, what a small world. I just thought I'd tell you. :)

 Ching: Thanks for fixing the pictures for me. So does it mean that I don't have to specify the height of the pictures as long as I have the border and the width are uniform in size?

 PIA: I fixed the pictures that you posted in your blog so that they are uniform in width (also, so it's not blurry due to the rescaling). Check it out, you'll see the difference.

 NET: It's done. Your URL will be http://www.goldensushi.net/~np (for Net Panday or No Problem -- he he). Check your email for the FTP info. SHE: I'm still working on web upload capability. I'm looking for a cheap (or free, even better) script that is secure and easy to install. At this time I have not found any so you will need to use an FTP program like WS_FTP or CuteFTP.

 CHING: I'm really sorry for the mess. I found out that i kept on forgetting the unquote thing. I've learned my lesson, though. I should be chechin the HTML tag first before hittin post n publish. Visitors signin in wait for my approval before the guestbook publishes it. Thanks for signing, i'll be postin it after I blog. Can u pls explain more about the golden sushi thing. Is that a free space for a site? or just an add-on to my site like the guestbook? My problem is, I don't have a landline so I can't access the net at home. I do it here in school but in a network so the ftp program won't work. Only the MIS people know the IP address. Is there any other way I can upload it? via site for example?

 DOH! So sorry about the quote thingy. Some of us Post HTML programmers rarely get to use text language anymore. CHING email me the URL for GoldenSushi's FTP site. I am cancelling my account with AOL and I have to upload all the stuff I linked to this blog. Dot's friends from Buffalo are coming to NYC this weekend. Looks like I am the chauffer for most of the day on Friday. I hope they tip well =). Happy FRIDAY! (_)_) NET PS. My email for now is netpanday@yahoo.com.

 SHE: I wasn't sure what was going on with the email but I think I solved the problem. Just check out my blog because I posted some pictures up as Jane requested. If I am not mistaken, I think Jeng already forwarded you some of the other pictures that I intended to send you. It should all be the same pictures. It all came from Jeff's digital camera. Next week, Jane and Jhoi will be hanging out with me for my birthday so, I should be taking more pictures then. CHING: Thanks for the advice regarding the pictures. I wasn't sure how to measure it by pixels. I'll try my best to post smaller images. What do you think of the ones I posted in my blog?

 SHE: I signed your guestbook, but my post would not show up! It's a lovely site, BTW. You did an awesome job! Let me know if you want free space on GOLDEN SUSHI and I will set you up a username and password (of your choice) just like Pia. That way you won't have to deal with the GeoCities Ad Square anymore. The only downside is you will need to download an FTP program to upload to your space. The space is available for you if you want it. Just let me know.

 IMPORTANT NOTE: (I think NET learned this the hard way..) When adding a link please remember to include the closing quote ( " ) because if you forget to close the quote, the computer thinks that everything that follows after is part of the link -- thus messing up the EDIT link. PIA: Concerning pictures, use your best judgement. My advice is to resize to a size that will fit the browser. About 500 by 500 pixels is a good size. If you are posting the pictures in GOLDEN SUSHI, 350 by 350 (or smaller) would be ideal. If you are posting pictures in your own blog, you might go smaller so as not to ruin the table layout.

 SHE: You and NET made a bit of a mess in the blog over the last couple of days.. That's okay, though -- I think I've fixed 'em all.. If you want to delete some of the other posts that you don't like (some of them are repeats) just click on show last 25 posts. You should be able to edit (or delete, whatever you decide) them now.

 PIA: It's still not there. But, I deleted most of files to have more space. I still have 3mb available space. Sorry P if i'm eatin ur time, pls ty to send them again. You may also send them to urlLink sheryll@notme.com Thanks so much for signing my guestbook. Did you like the baby pics? I know you would love them. JHAYNE: Thanks for signing the southville's site but mine is actually in the SIS Chinese. Just click this urlLink link to lead you to my guestbook. I got the two pics that you sent. You, jhoy and P look really gorgeous! I hope I can be with you guys again. I miss all of you! Please come home for a vacation... I really can't wait to see you guys!

 Sheryll: I did send the pictures at your yahoo account. Please make sure that your account can accept a big file. The email is about 450 KB in size. I just resent you the pictures again. Hopefully you'll be able to receive it. Let me know if you want me to send it to another email account of yours. BTW, I signed your guestbook at your SIS Chinese website. I hope you saw the posting as well.

 pia: thanks for the pictures. you look good with that black dress:)

 sheryll: thanks for texting me back i liked the picture message you sent me. talk to cel and ask her if she got the thing already and keep me posted.

 PIA: I did not rcv any pic from u. Did u send it thru urlLink sheryllcabral@yahoo.com? Thanks for checkin out my site but you forgot to sign the guestbook:( Pls do sign coz I only have 1 there, I need to show the management who will check my site that there are people who visit. I'll wait for ur email.

 Jane: You're right. I only sent you a couple of pictures of you and Bong. I may have forgotten to upload the other picture we took at the reception. I have to check Jeff's digital camera.

 Sheryll: I already sent you a copy of Kayla's baptismal pictures. I hope you received them already. BTW, I visited your school website. I liked the website you made for your class. I thought it you did a very good job considering the fact that you only worked on it in a day or two. Ching: When you mean resizing the pictures, you meant resizing it through something like Adobe Photoshop, correct? All of the pictures that I uploaded to Goldensushi's FTP are resized and edited already. Just let me know what would be the ideal size that you normally use.

 I'm inviting everyone to visit our school's site urlLink www.sville.edu.ph , there, you will find the site I made for the subject I teach. Check out the urlLink academics and then urlLink portfolio . If you also want to view my profile, it's under Teacher's Profile. Please don't forget to sign my guestbook!!!

 urlLink Jerry Springer invites you to his online blog. Please peruse and advise the group of your findings. Heres what I urlLink found . (_|_) Net

 Please check out our school's site urlLink Southville International School

 Please don't bother to read the first three messages that I posted. They were all mistakes and I could not edit them. PIA, send me Kayla's pics thru urlLink sheryllcabral@yahoo.com and please let me know your sites that I can check out.

 Argghhhh!!!!! I'm really losin my patience! I could not edit them anymore!!! The message really sucks! Sorry, guys! I was trying to ask you to check out my urlLink TQM It's a project I made for the school. Teachers here are required to submit a project (whatever it may be e.g. a book, modules, etc) that would benefit the students. I thought of creating a site for Chinese subject coz that I is one thing I can make in one day. I crammed (as usual) coz I started it the day before the submission.

 What is wrong with me?!!! I keep on posting trash and I could not edit them anymore! Please forgive me. PIA: Send me Kayla's pics. My email address is urlLink sheryllcabral@yahoo.com Please check out my urlLink TQM It's a project that I made for the school. Teachers here are required to submit any project that would benefit the students and I thought of creating a site since i only had two days to have it done.

 Sorry about that! Somethin went wrong that I could not edit my post anymore. Anyway, Pls visit my urlLink TQM (it's a project for the school that I made. Teachers do have projects, too!) PIA: Can you plese send the pictures of Kayla's baptismal. I really wanna see all of you esp. Jhoy. My email address is urlLink sheryllcabral@yahoo.com And, do you have any site that I can visit?

 PIA: Can you please send me the pictures of Kayla's baptismal. I'm dying to see all of you especially jhoy. My email address is urlLink sheryllcabra@yahoo.com , AprilIs there any site that I can see the pictures... I always visit ur site linked from the smeaghetoday but there's nuthin new. Do u have a new one? Pls visit my urlLink TQM (my project done for the school year), It's just simple coz I only had two days to finish it.

 PIA: I'm glad that you are able to upload your pictures and files now.. Remember to resize the pictures before you upload them, though.. Large picture files take longer to load than smaller files and also take up more space. Less space is good. =P

 Yay! Ching I was able to upload some images using the FTP program you suggested. Thanks for all your help. BTW, did you receive the email that I sent you? I forwarded some copies of Kayla's (Jhoi's baby) baptismal pictures from last Saturday. Enjoy the pictures!

 Ching, I tried going to that FTP site you were talking about in your email but it didn't work. I ended up with a default plesk page. What does that mean?

 heres a view of rockerfeller center from WNBC. This link updates every couple of minutes. Hit Refresh on your browser for an update. If you look closely you can see rock center cafe. Where NET had a chance encounter with a old friend.(see blog from march).

 Arrgh! I just finished my tax returns tonight. Yet another year that I wait the last minute to get it done! Not getting a lot back unlike last year. Or maybe its a government conspiracy behind it. Hmmm. Remember that rebate check we got from GWB? Yeah, thats it, thats where my tax refund went to! Waaaaah! I wish I was back in College when I could be claimed by my parents and I could get a better tax refund. (And then?) And then I could have more money for parties (And then?) And then I could go to buy more beer and get wasted drunk (And then?) Dude, youre thats starting to get annoying. (And then?) (_)_) Net Last Look at the lights @ Ground Zero....

 APRIL : I'm 24 years old and I'm renting a unit near my mom's house in Las Pias. I'm teaching Computer and Chinese for grade school students in an International School. Money is difficult here in the Phils. so even if you got a good job, financial problem is always up.

 APRIL: &nbsp; Let me know if you've got an FTP program (like WS_FTP or CuteFTP) and I will email you FTP info so you can store your pictures directly on the Golden Sushi server. P.S. These are too good not to share.. ROMANCE MATHEMATICS Smart man + smart woman = romance Smart man + dumb woman = affair Dumb man + smart woman = marriage Dumb man + dumb woman = pregnancy OFFICE ARITHMETIC Smart boss + smart employee = profit Smart boss + dumb employee = production Dumb boss + smart employee = promotion Dumb boss + dumb employee = overtime SHOPPING MATH A man will pay $2 for a $1 item he needs. A woman will pay $1 for a $2 item that she doesn't need. GENERAL EQUATIONS & STATISTICS A woman worries about the future until she gets a husband. A man never worries about the future until he gets a wife. A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who finds such a man. HAPPINESS To be happy with a man, you must understand him a lot and love him a little. To be happy with a woman, you must love her a lot and not try to understand her at all. LONGEVITY Married men live longer than single men, but married men are a lot more willing to die. PROPENSITY TO CHANGE A woman marries a man expecting he will change, but he doesn't. A man marries a woman expecting that she won't change, and she does. DISCUSSION TECHNIQUE A woman has the last word in any argument. Anything a man says after that is the beginning of a new argument. HOW TO STOP PEOPLE FROM BUGGING YOU ABOUT GETTING MARRIED Old aunts used to come up to me at weddings, poking me in the ribs and cackling, telling me, "You're next." They stopped after I started doing the same thing to them at funerals.

 FRIDAY FIVE! 1. What is your favorite restaurant and why? i started liking CHEDDARS coz of theiR steaks ...Mmmm... iM dRooLing just thinkiN of them. iTs a brand new pLace. i love it coz a friend worKs there, so he hooks me up w/ dessert and drinks. "FREE FOOD kc!" 2. What fast food restaurant are you partial to? WiNG STOP!!! ohmahgosh, dey know mah voice everytym i oRder. i LuV dem oRiginaL HOT&SPiCY buFFaLo wings. iM trying to enter an eating contest dat invoLves guiness woRLd record & wings...heehee^_^ 3. What are your standards and rules for tipping? NO TiPs. yea, iM a biTxh. LOUiE gets so embarrASSed when iTs my turn 2pay...so, he'LL eiTher foRk-up/get-up & leave first. once in awhiLe, iF they show true service, iLL give'em a buck! 4. Do you usually order an appetizer and/or dessert? SaLads or CaLamaRis. and iM beiNg naughTy about dessert *_^ (conspiraToriaL wink) 5. What do you usually order to drink at a restaurant? iCE TEA.... i just dNt liKe iT when its so waTered down OR biTTer. -aPRiL ("( 'o', )

 i promise iLL do d fri five L8R... iM steaLing company time, heehee *_* sheryLL, i know iT aiNt proper, but how oLd r ya? where do u live? and what do you do...coz i waNNa b abLe 2afford a nanny muxh L8R wen iVe my own baby. heehee*_* appLause 2u, independent woman!!! iM beRRie haPPie 4ur son because mah sibs: cza, hawke, & chino DO NOT comprehend/speak tagaLog. They're oNLy fLuent in spanish....mah sis in chinese too coz of her bf. iM not aLways nosy. ching, dat's why.... so, if my pixes wont show since i got them saved in geocities, where or how do i save it so that iLL be abLe to show them oFF in mah bLogg? i need your heLp now, k? btw, iM in sHock dat u like shakira. i waNNa post a pix as weLL, but like i said, it kept taking over d whoLe page. iM not good with croPPing; dey come out LoPPie-sided & fuNKee. pLs hear mah pLea ^_^ -aPRiL ("( 'o', )

 FRIDAY FIVE ! 1. What is your favorite restaurant and why? &nbsp; Felipe's Jr. (on Harry and Rock).&nbsp; It's the best Mexican food in town!&nbsp; The service is great, the portions are large and the prices are reasonable.&nbsp; Brian and I are regulars there.&nbsp; We don't have to look at a menu and they don't have to ask what we want to order.&nbsp; It's awesome! 2. What fast food restaurant are you partial to? &nbsp; Japan Express.&nbsp; It's cheap.&nbsp; They give you lots of food.&nbsp; And it's healthier than eating burgers.&nbsp; (I think.) 3. What are your standards and rules for tipping? &nbsp; Always tip 20% of the bill.&nbsp; I learned that from Oprah.&nbsp; My mom says I'll never get rich because of my tipping habits.&nbsp; LOL. 4. Do you usually order an appetizer and/or dessert? &nbsp; It depends on where I am.&nbsp; It also depends if I'm paying or not.&nbsp; Ha.&nbsp; Ha.&nbsp; Ha. 5. What do you usually order to drink at a restaurant? &nbsp; A virgin strawberry daiquiri.

 5 things Net does daily: 1. Pinch finger with binder clip to make sure he is not having a dream 2. Paper cut digits while collating together yesterdays sales reports and payroll woes. 3. Stain tie with coffee spills from when Net spits out coffee after reading yesterdays sales reports. 4. Massively click a pen while listening to associates during daily conference calls. 5. Gain headaches trying to peel off bandaids from fingers which had papercuts. more to come.... (_(_) ~Net

 hey ching what happened? we got cut off.

 Sorry I've been out of commish and non-responsive lately.&nbsp; I've been tweaking my personal blog (on Movable Type).&nbsp; No entries as of yet.&nbsp; You all know how anal I am.&nbsp; MT has so much possibilities, I don't even know where to begin.&nbsp; Anyhow, I'm taking a brief break from MT and jumping on Blogger for a sec to do a survey that I found in Purple Shimmer .. NINE THINGS THAT YOU WEAR DAILY my engagement ring my silver beads, heart-charm bracelet from Kay Wiggins my "Brian & Ching" birth-stone bracelet from Kay Wiggins large silver hoop earrings from Express (except when my ear piercing is infected) the Napier silver beads necklace that mom got me for Christmas (it goes with my bracelets) Juniper Breeze body cream from Bath & Body Works Juniper Breeze Purely Silk body splash (also by Bath & Body Works) DKNY cuff watch (unless I'm wearing brown shoes) black hair claw EIGHT MOVIES YOU'D WATCH OVER AND OVER Shrek A Knight's Tale Breakfast at Tiffany's A Beautiful Mind The Fast and the Furious Bring it On Zoolander There's Something About Mary SEVEN ALBUMS THAT MATTER (TO ME) Tea for the Tillerman (Cat Stevens) Ten (Pearl Jam) Luscious Jackson (Luscious Jackson) Up Up Up Up Up Up (Ani DiFranco) Pussy Whipped (Bikini Kill) Gato Negro (7 Year Bitch) Dream a Little Dream: The Cass Elliot Collection (Mama Cass) SIX OBJECTS YOU TOUCH EVERYDAY my paddle brush my Kay Wiggins jewelry box (Valentine's Day 2002 gift from Brian) the steering wheel of my car computer keyboard refrigerator door toothbrush FIVE THINGS YOU DO EVERYDAY check email (yes, I'm pathetic, I know) kiss Brian (more than once a day) shower eat watch TV with Brian FOUR BANDS YOU COULDN'T LIVE WITHOUT Matchbox Twenty Staind Incubus Butt Trumpet THREE OF YOUR FAVORITE SONGS AT THE MOMENT Blurry (Puddle of Mudd) It's Getting Better (Mama Cass) Whenever Wherever (Shakira) TWO PEOPLE THAT HAVE INFLUENCED YOUR LIFE THE MOST Brian (naturally) Richard THE ONE THING YOU COULD SPEND THE REST OF YOUR LIFE WITH it's a person for me: Brian (again, naturally)

 Monday night I closed Cardio Tan and Matt and Jude came to visit me. Well at 11:00pm we decided to lock the front doors then we went to the back dock to smoke. I locked us all out and when we tried to get back in it set off an alarm. I ended up having to wake one of my bosses' to get a key since I had locked everything inside including my cell phone and my keys. It was so scary. Now that I think about it I'm glad Matt didn't leave his keys in there or we would have been screwed, he was the one that drove me to my boss' house. Everyone at work thought it was funny including both my bosses, and the alarm ended up being the for the business next door. The whole time though I was thinking that the cops would be there by the time I had got the keys and they would have busted the glass doors already. Whew! I still cringe thinking about it. By the way, I put Matt and Jude in our $30,000 tanning beds and ended up frying both of them. They are still burnt and bitching to this day. He! He! He! Jenni

 Eloi went back home coz' they found it difficult to be on their own yet. Both of them don't have stable jobs so the income is not consistent which is har if you have consistent bills coming in. Clay is still working in a hotel, he is on a permanent status so things are going pretty well. He has not graduated yet but he was able to produce a fake diploma through my cousin's friend. We just hope nobody in the office finds out about it.

 NET: &nbsp; Very funny! SHE: &nbsp; Send my condolences to Ging and her family.&nbsp; Is Eloi back in town?&nbsp; I thought she moved to the province or something?&nbsp; How is Clay doing?&nbsp; Has he graduated already?

 PIA: &nbsp; The picture size is fine.&nbsp; It appears to be proportionate.&nbsp; Just a reminder, though..&nbsp; GeoCities does not allow you to link to images saved on their server.&nbsp; It shows up for you because the image is already cached on your computer, but it just shows an "X" in the corner for everyone else.&nbsp; Since you sent me Cel's graduation picture, I took the liberty of uploading it to your space.&nbsp; I changed the image source from HTTP://WWW.GEOCITIES.COM/PIAE16/CELGRADPIX.JPG to just CELGRADPIX.JPG both here and in your personal blog.&nbsp; You can upload more stuff by using an FTP program (you should already have WinFTP installed in your computer, I believe it comes standard in all Windows platforms).&nbsp; If you do not like WinFTP, you can easily download CuteFTP.&nbsp; It's very popular and it's readily available.&nbsp; Check your email for the FTP info (ftp site, user name and password)..&nbsp; I'm emailing it to you right now.

 Nevermind Ching, It works now. The picture looks okay in my IE screen again. It didnt' work when I pressed the refresh button so I opened another IE window and it works yay!

 Okay Ching! I don't know why the picture looks uneven. I already tweaked the width and the height to make it look better when it is posted but my efforts didn't work at all. Please edit my post again and let me know what height and width you used to post Cel's picture up. Thanks!

 Welcome Jen! I am glad you're on board. Anyways people, I know I haven't blogged in a while. I've been pretty busy working on my own blog courtesy of Ching. If you wanted to check it out, you can visit this site . Once again Ching, thanks for hooking me up with the space for my blog. Anyways, I also wanted to share Cel's graduation picture to the rest of the blog members so here it is. Congrats Cel on your long awaited graduation! We all hope that you can visit us here since you're already done with school.

 Having perused the online garage sale... It gave me some ideas to put some items up for bids. Take notice of these nostalgic Haloween candy. Having been salvaged from my manhattan apartment. They still retain the goodness of trick or treating. Actually, I do believe I tried to pawn them off a year ago as Easter Candy. Whao! has it been that long? How about some cheese? This next item up for bid has been rescued for the cupboards upper deck. I was going to hand them out as noshes on the dining table when it was lost but now found! It was originally bought when ODD JOB had the items on sale. Any bids will be delightfully welcome. Some caution comes to mind. Take note that these items were left in my apartment since Sept 11. It has seen the light yet again when I moved back to Queens. I did partake on some of the cheese which is still shrink wrapped and protected with aluminum foil. Aw heck who wants this stuff anyway? I take it back.. BIDS Over!!! Stop... no more bid please! Maybe some neighborhood cats will want it.. Ill just leave it out to 'pastuer' in the nearby Park. There has to bee some hungry pigeons out there. (_)_) ~Net

 Vacation is over and I'm back to work!!! It's sad coz I have to leave my kids again with their yaya. I know my kids hate the idea, too. Everytime I take a bath, Nokee goes "Mommy, work ka?" If I say "no", he smiles at me. But, if I say "yes" he will answer me "No, daddy lang work. Ayaw to work ka." He's still bulol and he mixes English and Filipino in a sentence. He is actually confuse between the two languages. Me and Clay speak to them in English but their yaya and everybody else talk to them in Filipino. That is why we are so eager to enroll him for the coming school year... we want him to be with more people who would talk to him in English. We want our kids to be really good in communication. Genevieve Amador's 28 year old-brother died few days ago. Eloi, Mhyke, Joeben and Cel went to my place to pick me up but I wasnt able to go with them coz my kids were not feeling well and I had to take care of them. I called Eloi the day after that, she told me that they had a great time with the boys (Elmer Dimayuga, Chris Caylan, Lou Natanawan, Mike Santuile and Joeben Yap). They just played billiards after going to the wake. They are planning to go out gain this coming Friday. Im really hoping things will go well at home so I can go out.

 Welcome, Jen! FINALLY!

 I'm in! I'm in! Mwa ha ha ha ha! Whew! Hey, Ching did you notice that I got in! Congratulate me. Anyway, I actually got some sleep last night. Partly because I didn't call Michael. I figured if he needed something he'd call but probably not since it was Friday night and he probably went out with his buddies. I'm thinking of going to San Diego. Any comments I can get on that. I mean I don't really have a lot of free time, hell, I probably should just run to Lawrence instead. I think I'm going to Lawrence next weekend then. Man, I so need a break. You know what they brought to my attention yesterday. Ghaison and Harley said I space out a lot. I never noticed it before but I do get distracted so easily. I can't believe I've lost my brain cells. Can you guys help me find them, please? Well, like I said not a lot of free time here so I should go. Maybe do some homework or something. Everybody wish me luck on getting my brain cells back.

 I scanned it at 170 dpi then reduced scanned image to like 33.3 percent. APRIL I think that your scanners default dpi preferences is too high. Just adjust that attribute and you can be a scanning guru. Its official, I am now a stand by wedding guest. Dot received her friend Linda's Wedding invitation and I am not on the card. The invitation didnt even say "Dorothy '-and Guest' ". Although I am not close to this Linda fellow, does she expect Dorothy go to the wedding just by herself? -More to come... (_|_) Net

 We're having an online garage sale! urlLink http://www.virtualdumpster.com/dive

 daf, wow!!! big appLause 2u... i just started working as a unit secretary, and i was aLL greedy b4 d actuaL job by dreamiNg i couLd go at least a shift- 8hrs- overtime. iN reaLity, i couLdnt even finish my shift. i lost a possibLe 24 hours overtime. iTz ok... ceNt, how did u put ur pix like dat? i tried to put miNe but it bLows up in2 a huge page.... ergo, the bLog page becomes one big pix. so... what do i write, htmL-wise, to make that pix dat size? doesNt haFta bee net... enibooTy, pLease, heLp me....

 We finally got a chance to see Blade II. It's awesome. Speaking of awesome, have you guys seen the official movie website? Good Flash!

 WTG Daf! My personal best was 48 hours! Sleep deprivation can really play games with your brain. I dont know how those people in the ER do it. I just got in from the West Coast and wouldnt you know it its raining in NY again. Wow, and I thought the weather man said that we were in a drought season. Sweet dreams DAf. Good night Ching. Good night John Boy. ~net

 Min: You should double check your links to see why it isn't working. I wanted to sign your guestbook but I couldn't do it. The link doesn't work. If you need any help, call me okay? BTW, I like the song being played in your blog. Ashanti is pretty cool. :)

 APRIL: Use the following for the URL of the pics.. http://www.goldensushi.net/~april/filename.jpg &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; [or .gif or .bmp or whatever the extension is]

 aTe pIa , i have no idea whats goin' on w/ my LINKS ... sOmetimes it Works, sometImes Not.......buT 4 sUre i use da right code....en i sTill hAve 2 fix my Blog... "iTs mEssY" .... iRish's fRiend (w/c is aLso david's fRiend) cAme back Here iN CA en mOmmy Auring sEnd some paSaLuboNg 2 us as Well As kRyz en fam. " btw... dO u lIke da song oN mAi bLog?! "

 u guys shouLd see "About a boy" with hugh grant. my first soLo movie... i enJoYed it. beRRie endearing.

 NET, u so siLLie^_^ CHiNG, i uploaded files. YEY!!! but, what's the URL addy for the pix?? so i can put it in the bLogg. thanx*_*

 Min: I was checking out your blog and I noticed that some of your links don't work. I tried clicking on your guestbook link but nothing happened.

 Min: Which cousin visited Pinas? Is it from your mom's side? So what's happening with your blog? Have you figured things out already? Let me know if you need any help. April: Thanks for visiting my blog. I am glad you took the time to look at it. I hope you can visit again and sign my guestbook. Sure you can add me as one of your links. Please let me know when your blog is up. I also wanted to add you as one of the links. Hope you're feeling better already.

 ~ i jus got some pAsaluBong from my cOuz in dA pHil. thx u guys! da hOpia is really yummy, its been a lOng time i haVen't eat dat.... en aSh realLy liKes da clotHes...thx momMy aUring! * mIss u gUys! * tAke cAre .... mUchlove min ^^^ sw33t lil' aSian

 CENT, do u rem those dimensions u gave me for putting pix in bLogg? CHiNG, i went in the upload files part of members only, but when i loGGed in, it said: Cannot login to host. Either the host is unreachable or you entered the wrong data. soRRie, i dnt knoe wut im doin wrong. thanx!!! PiA, saw ur bLogg. liked it...reaLLy nice! can i add u to my links??

 thanks so muxh u guys... i dont know what's gonna happen but i hope this pain will go away soon. everything is making me cry. i cant even watch "iron chef"!!! its weird that iM sooo working hard and staying late at work. i keep sleeping tho... i hate waking up, and thinking of him. enihoo, thanx 4ur support. luv u guys! weLcome, Jimbo. ^_^

 The links have been updated! &nbsp; (Thanks to Brian who sat here and clicked thru everything..) &nbsp; There should be no more dead links. &nbsp; If you find any, please let me know.. &nbsp; If you have links that you feel should be added, let me know also.

 New pictures have been added to the photo gallery.

 Congrats CHING !!! 2 more months en u'll be Mrs. Brubaker ... I bet u're excited. GoOdlUck 2 u en 2 ur future hUsband... aNd who knows maYbe aTe Pi will be next..HorRay!! xxx'ooo... *wElcome JimBo & coNgrats as wEll*.... sw33t lil' aSian

 Welcome to Golden Sushi Jimbo and Congrats to your upcoming high school graduation! Ching: You don't have to borrow the cd from Jimbo. You can download "Phantom of the Opera's All I ask of you at WinMX . Try it, that is where I get most of my songs...I never had to buy any cds anymore. Although I do have the entire musical soundtrack for Phantom of the Opera. I love that musical. You should have told me...I could have burned you a copy and sent it to you today along with your gift.

 Welcome to the group, Jimbo! BTW, we got your graduation announcement in the mail today!&nbsp; Thanks for the picture, too!&nbsp; Congratulations! Pahabol..&nbsp; Do you have a tape or CD of "All I Ask of You" that I can borrow and burn (not burn as in fire, but burn as in copy)?&nbsp; Just curious.

 Way cool... Hey Ching, thanks for inviting me to join GS - I've finally had the time since I'M DONE WITH SCHOOL!!!! YAY! I think I'm going to try and move my files from geocities over to goldensushi, maybe to try to get away from the stupid ads that show up all the time. Anyway, for those of you who don't know me, I'm Jimbo, I'm 18, just graduating from High School...(Commencement is in 8 days!) and I'm one of Ching's Pinoy friends from Wichita, you could say, a friend of the family. Glad to join the group! -Jimbo

 urlLink Please visit our wedding webpage at theknot.com and sign the guestbook.

 There are scenes in the new "Star Wars" movie, scenes conceived, written and played with fearful awkwardness or tension (as if the filmmakers themselves had never got past that wall of adolescent fear and ignorance) in which the light plays on Ms. Portman's exposed shoulders and Mr. Christensen's pouting mouth, where any kid in today's audience knows the code and what ought to be coming. But the movie never gets it on. Oh sure, these kids will marry at the close of the film (they have to -- we know they're destined to be parents to Luke and Leia), but their skins never close and wrestle. Somehow, in 2002, George Lucas is still a virgin, and he wants his audience in the same stricken state. urlLink Hmm... &nbsp; What an interesting take on the movie..

 APRIL, I sent you a couple of emails.&nbsp; One of them contains your member login information.

 April: I am sorry to hear about your situation. I would suggest that you confide with someone you can trust that way you won't feel as depressed. I think it is a great idea to get tested just to make sure that you didn't catch anything from your ex. It is always better to be cautious about things. Just hang in there...things will definitely be better because you did make the right decision to leave someone whom you couldn't trust.

 April honey - hang in there. Things gotta get better from here, right? Daf (feeling all fatherly and s**t - sending a big cyberhug to April...)

 ching, wanna chat... but dunno which username. tried all, failed. pls help.

 k..im not really sad, more like very disappointed. LOUiEY is now my ex. oFFiciaLLy and definite. *sigh* he attempted to cheat on me wed nite. i had an iLL premonition of sum sort, but i cant believe what he'd done... or tried to. he actually rented a motel for him & his goddaughter's mom, JEN. she knew that i wouLdnt listen 2her unless i saw it with my own eyes. weLL, he was soo mad when i confronted him that he went aLL violent. to stop him from hitting anything - me, my car, or his - (we were in front of his house) i held on him like a claw. he would accidently hit me, but then he'd become worse and actually intentionally hit me. he told me the girl lured him there....to borrow money. i knew it wasnt true bec he couldnt face me, look me in the eye, and he smelled smoke. he never smoked...well, not that i now of. the biggest bad thing tho wus why at a motel. he never put me in a hotel. he offered her money for her bills etc. while i paid for most his bills. im not crying, im pass that, u guys. im not even angy. just confused and hurting from the bruises i received. i was soo dumb! i said sorry for kicking his ass too coz i dont belive anybody should do that to anybody. it felt good, and that's why maybe i feel so bad about it. its really over and i dont feel anything but numbness. i cant even tell my real friends yet... you guys know because i dont know u that well, and maybe you wont call me stupid. his family stood there while he threw his shoe at me. his friends covered for him and said he would never do that... he loves me daw. poeple ive helped so many times knew but didnt say anything until it was jen he tried to victimize. wow, nobody cares. inside i was screaming, someone help me...defend me...give me a hug... im scared that he mite have done this before... u know i could catch a disease. im scheduling my appt as soon as i get my stuff from his room. i put all the pictures/clothes there, and i think i should take them with me. am i wrong about this? gosh, i screwed up big time. why do i feel as if ill be paying for this for a long while...thanx 4reading this.

 Congrats on the new job, Ching. Now I just gotta lose the mental picture of you and your mechanical friends... It's a LONG ride home, too. Daf (Daf's rule to live by #14: "Never picture your friends naked")

 I suck horribly at being unemployed...&nbsp; I say this because I accomplish little else other than playing with my vibrators and surfing the net.&nbsp; It's a good thing that I've found a job.

 urlLink The MANUAL is out.

 OMG! This is the second day sans the junkfood. I cooked some fettuchine and garlic sauce the night before and brought it as "Baon" to work...sigh.. this diet thing is tough. The other day I had a ham sandwich. And Tuesday Dot and I went jogging. I ran 2 miles - more like run walk (have to pick up the pace). Ill fwd a picture of my "physical" self later. More to come (_)_) ~net

 sup aPril ?! k here's a urlLink saNrio site; u can download some stufF frOm here such as hEllo kiTty sCreen sAver & etc. enjoy! taHtAh4nOw.........

 Thanks Ching - I figgered I'd get my feet wet over on Blogspot, do the GS thing when I was a little less clumsy... Daf

 Ching: You are a webmaster goddess! Thanks again! baboosh!

 PIA: Your blog is fixed!

 Sorry about the urlLink Getstring link..&nbsp; I fixed it already.&nbsp; My fingers are sometimes too fast for their own good.&nbsp; According to urlLink Brainbench , I type 75 WPM -- faster than I actually thought I typed. BTW, Daf/Glee: If you guys ever decide to leave Blogspot, please know that you have free hosting at Golden Sushi!

 Ching: I am glad you liked it. I hope we can figure out why we couldn't change the color of the brackets on the side. I know, I know I am obviously very anal about it but the color stands out and I just wanted to even things out. :) BTW, did you get my email. I kept on getting forwarded emails from you but it wasn't addressed to me. I am worried that I also have that email virus that you are talking about. Do you still have the link to fix it? Thanks!

 Awright - I started a blog. Check it out if you got a minute. Ching, can you update urlLink my link on our site? Thanks! Daf

 APRIL: The scrolling messages use the &lt;MARQUEE&gt; TAG. By the way, FTP is working fine..&nbsp; Don't know what the problem is.&nbsp; I was able to log-in under your username and password.&nbsp; I can help you move your blog, if you want.&nbsp; You just need to invite me to join and set me as admin so that I can make changes to the settings (and template, if need be).&nbsp; I do it this way because I don't want to know what your Blogger username and password is -- that's your private information.&nbsp; That's the way that I manage Brian's (and Pia's too when she has problems) blog.&nbsp; I just fix stuff, but I won't post anything (because it's yours). NET: I thought you were migrating your site to Golden Sushi?&nbsp; What happened?&nbsp; There's still plenty of room here!

 MIN: You can get a free guestbook at urlLink Getstring.com &nbsp; They have the best guestbooks around!&nbsp; The script is identical to Megabook.

 It looks great, Pia! I like the new text color!

 Ching: Yay! I was finally able to figure out where to put my font tags in my blog. Thanks for the hex codes. I changed the text color already. Check it out!

 ching i went to the ftp addy, says page not found.... min, how do u do dat streaming message to ching??? i want one.....***heehee

 Gosh MIN all your post are so colorful and sparkly! Well, I am glad that you are able to figure everything out. I guess you need a little refresher course with HTML. I think it'll be great to visit PageResource . I am sure you know most of the basics since you can do all the marquee and fancy images. The best way is to look at other people's blogs so you can see how they are made. I have a number of links in my blog. Check them out! Send my love to all your bro's and sis. :) BTW, it looks like you and April have a lot in common! :) Especially that uPpEr & LoWeR cAsE posts that you both have. :)

 yasmin, k... we better beecome friends coz u obviousLee in2 cuTie sctuFF lyk meeh!!! u got eni heLLo kiTTy links???

 hey ate pia ching jus fixed my blog.....yehey! * i miss my baby ASHLYE * she's staying with her lola for a couple of days....and i bet u miss ur hoNey JEFF so much --> when r u guys getting marry?! baby? j/k hehehe! lol! my babe daniel just got home from work, he just gave me a ~hugenkiss~ (how sw33t) .... *mAi bAby A S H *

 ~*:tHanks a lot cHing:*~ ~*:ThanKs a lOt ChiNg:*~ ~*:thanks a LOT chInG:*~ ~*:thAnkS a loT chIng:*~

 Brian and I watched STAR WARS EPISODE II yesterday.&nbsp; Yoda does kick ass!&nbsp; Good effects!

 I got rid of the error message for you, Min..&nbsp; I wasn't sure what template you wanted to use, so I used FAT PUPPY.&nbsp; You can always change it to something else later on.&nbsp; Happy blogging!

 *~ Hey atE Pi ... well i can't still figure out whAts wRong wiTh my BLOG same fRicking'old eRor mesSage keeps shoWing on my sCreEn... but I seT cHing as my ADMIN.... and i'M pRetty sure she could HELP me w/ tHat ^aDvance tHanks 2 u cHiNg ... so.. yah i jUst talk 2 iRish, sHe say HI! k tAhtaH 4 now! xxx'ooo... say HI 2 every1! miSsiNg u gUys!

 APRIL , say word, you were in NY? when? You didnt go to Linda Shihs wedding this weekend did you? Dorothy went, I didnt. I protested that I was an add on guest on her invitation list. If you will look at old blogs, Dot got an invitation but I wasnt invited until Linda called Dot a month ago and asked if I was going with her because I CAN go. AS IF.... more to come... (_)_) ~ Net

 STAR WARS 2 ohmahgosh.... yoda kicks ass. ***ooohhhhs & aaahhhs*** the whoLe theatre cLapped and got off their seats. THAT was the most surprising twist. bwahaha*_* great computer imaging schtuFF and love story was pretty good. not too cheesy. amidaLa was like we cant be 2gether, anakin...then she'LL let her shirt droop around the shouLders. major fLirt. oh, saw d MATRiX preview aLso. x-fiLes who eLse thought: "what d heLL?!?" on the season finaLe? what wuz dat aLL about? iM frustrated.

 ching, i got the invite. thanx!!! its pretty...^_^ my mum wuz like, "u are going to kansas??" heehee iVe aLways wondered if superman's hometown smaLLviLLe reaLLy exist. does it? daf!!! iM soo happee dat sumbodyeLse besides mee have seen mad,mad worLd. *LOL* doNt u think Rat Race knocked dem oFF? Net, i wuz in ny for a wedding. ONE DAY ONLY! and i got a bad coLd. twuz freezin over there!!!

 Hey Min , did you ever figure out what happened to your blog? I hope you can figure it out soon. I wanted to put you in my links. :)

 Daf at the Movies: Spiderman -- Tobey Maguire was brilliant - in Ciderhouse Rules. Not in S'man, where he made a reasonably compelling geek, but didn't manage to work in the wise-cracking aspect of his character very well. I just kept thinking "this is NOT Peter Parker". And KD as MJ - uh uh. The real (Stan Lee version) MJ is a saucy, vibrant woman. KD can't seem to get past high school sweetie-pie. Neve Campbell (Mmmm...) would've been way better. Plus, she's a REAL redhead... or at least a more convincing fake. All that being said, it WAS entertaining. Nice job updating the "Why I fight crime" story. And the special effects were cool - not so much believable as effective-in-transporting-us-to-comicbookland. Mothman Prophecies -- Excellent drama. Edge of our seats (well, it was a drive-in, so not exactly) through the whole movie. Richard Gere was great, in a not-your-usual-Richard-Gere role. So was the female lead (not Deborah Messing, but the blonde cop, whose name I didn't catch). Not the kind of thing we would have ever picked to go see (double feature with Spidey), but a really thought-provoking film, exciting script, quality cast. DVDs: Seven Year Itch -- Way dated. Marilyn Monroe is NOT the star of this, but is excellent as a foil for the lead's (forget his name) flights of fancy. OTOH, the lead, reprising his Broadway role, continued to play to the cheap seats, and hammed it up way too much. And his wanderings into fantasyland, sort of a "Walter Mitty discovers sex" concept, were borderline inanity. Still, if you love all things Marilyn, there's some stuff to like. The Producers -- Mel Brooks' best work, and one of his earliest. Especially nice because he hadn't discovered his "formula" yet, so he actually told a story, without stopping for asides or cheap laffs. Mostel and Wilder were brilliant, but the story was the real star. Ken Mars and Dick Shawn were a little over the top, but it added to the fun. Ching, if you're skipping Mel's stuff 'cos it's all so predictable, SEE this one. One of the funniest movies ever made. It is, however, a 60's movie, and not a 70's movie, so there's a lot of hopelessly outdated looks at sexual roles. They don't ruin the movie, though, and are surprisingly "reminiscent" of some scenes from Austin Powers. It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad World -- Hahahahaha! Great slapstick humor, filled with everyone-who-was-anyone in early 60's comedy - including, again, Dick Shawn. Spencer Tracy was great, Milton Berle (reminding me, oddly, of Jeff Goldblum), Mickey Rooney, Ethel Merman, Jonathon Winters, Phil Silvers - all brilliant. Cameos from stars like Jerry Lewis, the 3 Stooges, and Jim Backus add to the fun. This was the basis for last year's Rat Race (haven't seen yet). It's long, but definitely worth the time. Daf

 WoohooOOoo!!! I have been online now since midnight and it is now 8 PM Man I could be working and getting paid. Instead, I am surfin over my brand new DSL Line. Gosh its good to be back! Could not stand that 56K crap that I use to surf on since after 911. Anyhoot I am going to take a break and go back on later. ktnksbi. PS. Heres another urlLink link for U. more to come (_)_) ~Net

 Ching: Thanks for fixing up my blogger tags. I can't believe how stupid I was fiddling around with my layout. I think I will invest on buying another computer soon coz I swear it always lags on me. Anyhoo, now I understand the power of those darn jibberish! I don't think I'll do anything with those tags anytime soon. I'm going to have to consult with you first! ~hehe~ Thanks for calling and taking the time to once again save my big behind! Have a good weekend!

 PIA, your blog is now fixed. I could not remember exactly how it was configured so it there might be some minor differences. I tried to restore it to its original state as best I could. Thankfully, this boo-boo was fixable. The blogger tags just got deleted was all. I just needed to put it back and configure the formatting. Feel free to play with the code, just be careful not to erase the blogger tags. They might look like jibberish, but they're there for a reason! And if you are worried that something might have gotten typed over and can't remember how to fix it, always hit cancel! (Just some words of wisdom from someone who has been there, done that and messed all sorts of other things up.. It's the best way to learn HTML, though, that's for sure!)

 Ben Afleck as the urlLink Daredevil . WOW.. doesnt he look gay here? did some one say FRUIT? more to come..... (_)_) ~net

 For those of you that have not kept up, urlLink F@#KyouLongTime.com has been taken offline. Read the WeBMaster urlLink interview . Its a shame that site was full of fluff for when you had no place to go on the net. All good things must come to an end.~Sigh. aPRiL, what hp? tee hee... more to come (_)_) ~Net

 hi, min!!! weLcome! CHiNG, wut happened?! soRRie 2hear dat! dey lost eniwei^_^ THANX 4ur heLp, k? net, u gonna heLp me w/ma hp? heehee aPRiL("( 'o', )

 Ching: Thanks for signing my guestbook and for hooking my cousin Min with a free space here at Golden Sushi. I'm sorry to hear that you are now unemployed. Don't worry, you'll find another job soon! With you talents, I doubt that you will wait too long to find a job that you like. When one door closes, another one opens so keep your head up and enjoy your extra time with Brian and Hobbie! :) Min: Welcome to Goldensushi. Feel free to blog here with us as much as you can. It'll save me some money since I don't have to call you long distance anymore (hehe) :). BTW, thanks for the background for my blog. My weblog looks even better now. :) Much love to Ashlye for me!

 Welcome to Golden Sushi, Min!&nbsp; Your FTP login information has been sent to your email address.&nbsp; Feel free to move in to your new space. I am now officially unemployed! NET, feel free to move your website to the Golden Sushi server.&nbsp; I provide 10MB of space to each member.&nbsp; You are free to use the space for any purpose you wish (no porn or illegal activities please), we just ask that you be conscientious and clean up unnecessary files at least every quarter to make sure that the space is being utilized efficiently.

 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ *`~ thx ching 4 hookin' me up in dis golden sushi blog...i appreciate it a lot !! ~`* ~~ ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ ~~~~ ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ ~~

 Missed FRIENDS again this week. I missed the birth of ROSS and Rachel's baby. After all these years watching and waiting for them to get together and Now having a baby. I was stuck at work doing overtime. GRRRR. Dot taped the show, but its not the same as being there during the show. AURGGH. If my boss will only hire more workers to cover 2nd shift. Sigh, My life is like a newspaper stand... IT's got ISSUES! Ching, I am thinking of moving my website to Goldensushi can your server handle about 2 mb of stuff? More to come.... (_)_) ~Net

 Ching: Please check your email. I have some questions regarding my guestbook :)

 Ching: Thanks for the new guest book! I hope you'll take the time to sign it again since we couldn't keep the old guest book post. I will make sure to invite the rest of the SMEAGHE to sign it again. Thanks for all your help!

 PIA: Your new ad-free guestbook is now active. To reply to a post, just click on the "X" -- it will say " for Pia's use only " -- and enter your password when prompted. The password is the same. If you have any problems, do not hesitate to let me know.

 Ching Thanks for fixing my blog archives for me. It looks great! Yeah go ahead and install a new guestbook for me on Sunday. I'll just tell everyone again to sign it. I like the idea of being able to respond to the guestbook post. In regards to the webcam, I think I'll think about it a little more. I sometimes use my webcam to chat with Jeff through yahoo messenger and I do that while I blog. I am not sure if I can do that anymore if I had the webcam in my blog. Anyhoo, did i just confused you? Well good luck with your job hunting. Thanks a lot for all your help! :)

 PIA: The new guestbook will not have the old messages. You will have to start from scratch.. But you will have the ability to respond to entries just like I do with the Golden Sushi guestbook. I'm kind of busy with job searches right now, but if you want it, just let me know.. I will install it for you on Sunday. If the webcam is the same size that I use in Golden Sushi, it should not make the page load longer. You can download the Webcam 32 software at the same place that you downloaded the WS_FTP software. P.S. I fixed your archives to the way you like it already. Let me know what you think of it.

 Ching: Yes, I'd like to have an ad-free guest book in my blog! Will I still be able to keep the messages that are in my current guest book right now? I hope the guestbook will match the color of my blog just like here in our Golden sushi site. Will I also be able to respond to people's post just like your guest book? In regards to the webcam, will it take too long for people to get into my blog if I have it installed? Let me know if you need anything? Thanks for all your help!

 NET: You have a good looking family!

 PIA: Did you know that you can have a live webcam on your blog also? You'll just need to download Webcam 32 and install it on your computer. If you are interested, I will help you configure it so that everytime you are at the computer you can turn it on to broadcast new pictures on your blog.

 Just uploaded a picture to the goldensushi ftp site. Does this look okay? Its a picture of the Iglesias family reunion last easter. Happy viewing... (_)_) ~Net

 PIA: Do you want an ad-free guestbook? I think I finally figured out how to get Megabook to work in your space! Let me know if you want it!

 Of course, Episode II is a given (as far as must-see movies). APRIL: You are all set up! Your username and password should be in your email inbox. Enjoy!

 New Guy is showing at the local Drive-In (yes, we still have one) with Van Wilder. Should make for a night of serious stupidity (the kind I like) - haven't talked Kim into it yet. Daf

 New movie releases that I'm hoping to catch: Life or Something Like It , New Guy and Unfaithful .&nbsp; Any thoughts?

 I will be offering domain hosting soon.&nbsp; I'm informing members first because once I launch the web design/development section of Golden Sushi the hosting prices will go up.&nbsp; Members still get their free hosting (http://www.goldensushi.net/~you) ; that will not change..&nbsp; But if you want to upgrade to domain hosting (http://www.yourname.com) , now is the time to do it! For only $50/year you'll get the following: 30MB disk space 12GB UNLIMITED EMAIL ACCOUNTS FTP ACCESS, WEB UPLOAD UTILITY NO ADS, TECH-SUPPORT Just about everything you can imagine! GeoCities charges $8.95/month plus a $15 set-up fee for less features.&nbsp; This truly is an excellent deal!&nbsp; I won't charge you any set-up fees or anything like that.&nbsp; If you've already got your own domain name, then all you will be responsible for is the $50/year (THAT'S ABOUT $4/month -- AT THIS RATE, YOU CAN'T AFFORD NOT TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF IT) hosting fee.&nbsp; If I have to register your domain for you, it's an additional $20/year (or $30 for two years -- a $10 savings).&nbsp; Again, the rates will go up after the Golden Sushi hosting launches.&nbsp; This same offer will be $70/year without domain registration and $100/year with one year of domain registration (the rates are still very competitive, compared to other webhosts like GeoCities as you can see)..&nbsp; But I'm offering a deal to those who want get in on it before the hosting launch. Interested parties please email me (webmaster@goldensushi.net) ASAP!

 2those whove seen spidey fLick: doNt u think harry looks like james dean??? caNt wait for parts 2 & 3 ("( 'o', )

 i hoPe u'aLL have seen d movie "waKing Ned deviNe," coz dat makes me reaLLy happy. luv them iRish movies coz they have these comical quiRks... heehee *_* did you guys see E! channeLs rank show? "moNty pythoN" was on the top ten fuNNiest movies. "naked gun" series was there too. My bros wiLL watch any adam sandLer movies. iM bLank riTe now coz iM on mah break... long day at work kc.

 Ching, you'd love this scene I'm caught up into right now. Rafael's Bar is like the best kept secret in V-town, Vallejo, CA for those not hip to West Coast rap. Yes, I have done my share of drinking, April. Joe, the Rafael's owner--a fine pinoy brother who is single BTW, keeps hooking all us up with shots of GOODNESS-KNOWS-WHAT. He also cooks kick-ass filipino and american food in his joint. I LOVE WHAT I DO! I'm the in-house poet of the most happening scenes in all of Vallejo, I'm a founder of a touring spoken word group, I'm going to be a Reiki Master, and...and...and [*panting* running out of breath]. Oh, and my girl and I are back together again. She is soo sweet. I'm gonna kick myself if I ever hurt again. I need to call up an attorney so I can I draw up a release form so that I can use Oprah's name for my book title. Since when poets could afford lawyers? Speaking of Oprah, did you know she was on the cover of FORTUNE magazine? This is the woman I'm supposed to draw up legal papers for? [shivers in fright] Ching, I will try to chat once I get another computer. I feel weird chatting at the public library computer center. Monty Python is da bomb! I love the movie THE MEANING OF LIFE. "just one thin mint..." Angelina Jolie is hot, but then again, I have this secret admiration for freaky, outspoken, weirdoes with amazing talent. Well, then again, her boobs aren't nothing to yawn about. :P' ' ' Someone called me "a giant freak" the other day. I told him, "I resent that! I only stand four foot eleven!"

 Probably not an American thing. It's definitely a guy thing. Three Stooges, fart jokes, porn... don't try to understand us, just love us. Hey, while you're up, how about grabbin' me a beer? Daf

 OMIGOD! Not Spaceballs ! Brian has tried to make me watch many of the titles on your list (yes, including Spaceballs , which is apparently one of his favorite movies -- I didn't say all movie buffs had taste -- no offense, Daf).&nbsp; About the only thing on that list that I would call a favorite of mine would be Robin Hood: Men in Tights .&nbsp; I've never seen most of them and to tell you honestly, they are not my to watch list.&nbsp; I can tell you this, though: Brian has seen all those movies on your list and he loves them all.&nbsp; What is it with you Americans?&nbsp; Just kidding!

 Don't feel bad, Ching - Kim didn't think much of History of the World either - or Spaceballs, or Young Frankenstein, or Blazing Saddles, or Men in Tights. Or Caddyshack, or Porky's, or Animal House. There's hope for her though, she liked Blues Brothers and A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum and The Holy Grail. I'm betting she'll like Mad Mad World and The Producers, too - I'll let you know. We'll check out The Restoration, too. Daf

 Brian loves Monty Python!&nbsp; He actually made me watch "History of the World I" -- it was okay.. I liked it, but I don't think I enjoyed it as much as he did.. He can just watch that stuff over, and over, and over, and over again. The Restoration is really good. You should rent it. I promise that you won't be disappointed. Brian wasn't.

 Netpanday's Wish List: DVD : History of the World Part 1. The BIG Hit The Fifth Element Pearl Harbor (all are available at walmart) I got to talking to my friend Eric about the new fashions in men's formal wear. and urlLink THIS is what he came up with. Speaking of the 70's, Have you guys checked out urlLink Dr. Chan and the amazing Chan Clan cartoon on the Boomerang network? What a cheezy spoof on chinese characters. Its a takeoff from Josie and the Pussycats and Scooby Doo. I am confused which of these cartoons came first? more to come... (_)_) ~~Net

 Wishlist report: Spent Mom's birthday check at Amazon. Here's the haul: VHS The Producers The Seven-Year Itch The Princess Bride DVD It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World CD Chick Corea and Return To Forever - Light As A Feather Santana - Welcome Santana - Festival Medeski, Martin, and Wood - Combustication Boz Scaggs - Boz Scaggs Mountain - Greatest Hits Except for Princess Bride and MM&W, these are all 70's or earlier. Not all have stood the test of time - Festival is not nearly as good as I remember, nor is the Mountain CD (which replaces two LPs, "Climbing" and "Nantucket Sleighride" that were swiped when I was in HIGH SCHOOL). However, "Welcome" is still brilliant, so is "Light As A Feather". Both are Latin flavored pop jazz at its' finest (take THAT, Supreme Beings of Leisure!) And Boz's best album is still his first - from back when they knew how to make a song interesting for 12 minutes. I'll review the movies after we watch 'em. Daf

 Aaah! I forgot my favorite (period piece or not) - "The Holy Grail"! Sad that MP never equaled that in their later work. I saw an interview - some of their best bits came out of budget necessities, including the coconuts (which begat the air-speed-of-a-fully-laden-swallow bit, which saved the bridgekeeper bit...). Anyhow, I could have just edited my last post, but the Grail deserves its own space. Funniest damned thing I've ever seen. Daf

 Sorry - when I said AJ was "quite a screen presence", I was NOT just talking about her mommy parts. She is very powerful. Kim was disturbed by the movie, I think - eroticism and cruelty may be an effective combination, but also pretty discomforting. Braveheart was good, but I liked Rob Roy better. Probably because Liam Neeson is just so awesome. I'm not familiar with "The Restoration", and am more familiar with Downey's tabloid escapades than his movie work, though he did a brilliant portrayal of my brother-in-law's umfriend, or someone just like him, in "Home for the Holidays" (one of MY favorites). Other cool period pieces: Fellini's Casanova, The Lion in Winter, A Man for All Seasons, King of Hearts, History of the World Part I... Daf

 JAY -- no kidding!&nbsp; Drew was really a crappy mom in that movie.&nbsp; I hated her character.&nbsp; She was soo stupid! Chocolat is very, very good!&nbsp; I really enjoyed watching it.&nbsp; Of course, I had to convince Brian to rent it -- that was a total struggle.&nbsp; His reluctance was the main reason we didn't get to see it in theaters when it first came out.&nbsp; Got to see it on DVD eventually -- we ARE movie buffs after all.&nbsp; Brian admitted that he enjoyed it also afterwards.&nbsp; I had to tease him for giving me such a difficult time. I think I liked Original Sin more than you did, Daf.&nbsp; I'm a big Angelina Jolie fan!&nbsp; And not just of her boobs.&nbsp; That's probably the difference.&nbsp; You got to see a lot of Antonio Banderas' ass in that movie!&nbsp; They got very, very naked..&nbsp; I was totally surprised! Our most recent rental was The House of Mirth , based on the Edith Wharton novel.&nbsp; I had to talk Brian really hard into renting that one.&nbsp; He hates period pieces.&nbsp; He only likes them if there's blood and gore.&nbsp; His favorite period pieces?&nbsp; Braveheart (which is everyone's favorite), The Patriot , Gladiator , and the like..&nbsp; I think the only exception would be The Restoration which does not have blood and gore (unless you consider the plague factor).&nbsp; It's one of my favorite movies and I forced him to watch it.&nbsp; He protested quite a bit, but Robert Downey Jr.'s incredible acting ability made him change his mind.

 DVD report: Can't remember if I mentioned some of these before - apologies If I'm repeating myself... Riding in Cars with Boys. Pure chick flick. Some heavy moments. Strange watching Drew Barrymore as a brunette. Wanted to like her character, but she WAS a really crappy mom. Also strange to see James Woods playing a more-or-less nice guy. Chocolat. Way cool. Very nicely done dig at repressive society (played here by my beloved Catholic Church - but I'll get over it ), but ultimately a positive message, and the priest and the repressed count and the libertine chocolatire and the redeemed abused wife and the lonely repressed widow and the gypsy hunk all live happily ever after. Or something like that. Original Sin. Tried hard to be steamy and suspenseful. Enough so to keep our interest, maybe. Angelina Jolie is quite a screen presence (speaking of wonderful boobs. KD doesn't really show hers, does she? If she does, I am SO there!)... Antonio Banderas wasn't bad, and ultimately, the plot twists were interesting. Not particularly great cinema, though. Daf

 It's really good. Kirsten Dunst looks better as a blonde, though. Her boobs are very nice. I thought Toby McGuire would suck.. He's actually not bad as Peter Parker. Good casting on Harry and his dad (Willem Dafoe) -- they look so much alike, you'd think they were father and son in real life. Willem Dafoe is great as The Green Goblin! It made me laugh. It make me cry. And the effects are great!

 Ching: How was the movie? Is it something worth watching?

 We are going to see Spiderman today.&nbsp; I'm so excited!

 April: You are more than welcome to chat with me and Ching. We are normally at the chat around 6PM (Pacific time). It is very convenient coz being online around that time allows us to chat with Sheryll back in the Philippines. Ching: Thanks for signing my guestbook. Hope you had a great weekend and send my regards to Brian. BTW, we're still waiting for your wedding invitation. :)

 here's mah quesXns 4dis week: who is ur favorite super hero cartoon & why? iM in luv w/ spidey coz of his kewL sense and amazing abiLities. when i wuz a kid, i cLdnt w8t 2read sunday comix coz twuz d onLee time iD see his costume in coLor. which cartoon shows weRe ur top 3 when u were a kid? transformers, super friends, & care bears. which cartoon did u (or stiLL) want 2be like? thundercats... i waNted 2keep shouting the chant. *** feeL free 2add ur quesxn anytym, ("( 'o', )aJ

 saw one of mah fave cartoon character... SPiDERMAN woo-hoo, i beat the crowds & sat in d middLe of d theatre. kewL. movie wuz aiTe; i cLdnt beLive dem coRnie attempt 2scare d audience. actuaLee, it woRked!!! heehee, the whoLe pLace went aaaggghhh den bursts of siLLie chuckLes drowNed our embarrassment. *_* wiLLem daFoe wuz way wicKed and i thiNk throughout d movie, kiRsten dunSt had sumthiNg in her eye. biGG downside: spidey theme song ...bip-bip-bip...bip-bip-bip...so on... was NOT pLayed at aLL!!

 pia: seems u do most chats... wut tym u usuaLLy on??? uNLiKE u rich sushies, iM pc-Less. i hover...

 It's okay, Net - It's my fault. We're not supposed to surf at all, I just have this really short attention span. Who wants to debug SQL when there are PICTURES to be looked at? Daf (too old to have been a crack baby - need another excuse)

 Ching: Where were you today? I left a message in Brian's phone. Sheryll and I had a chat for a couple of hours. We were hoping you'd be online. Oh well, hopefully we can try again some other day.

 Geesh! The link is a dead end! Oh well, it was funny. Its a home video of two chinese teenage guys who I think were auditioning for a tv show in Hong Kong. Anyway they have this funny number lip synching to this fast paced song and both of them with no shirt on. I will try to find it on my computer temp files and maybe I can upload it for you couriosity seekers. Again, I apologize for any controversy I have created and for any loss of employment I may have initiated. ~Sigh, the webmaster might kick me out next =) (_)_)~Net UPDATE: Try this on a safe computer.... urlLink TESTLINK .

 Actually, the page you linked was gone, so I (inquisitive mind and all) went to the top page. Top and center was a monkey, um, orally pleasuring himself. Farther down, a dog was humping a chicken. Also lots of photos of "mommy parts", if you will. Not quite a porn site, more a collection of weirdness, but definitely out there. Got my 5-years-with-the-firm clock today (cool, actually), so even if they boot me out, I get to keep the clock. Not quite as useful as a place to sleep, though. Daf

 Nothing wrong with the site. Its just a bunch of teenagers having fun with a video camera. =) My fellow co workers thought it was silly but not PG ~Net

 Thanks a lot, Net. So now if I get fired for having gone to that site, can I come crash on your floor for a while? Daf

 Latest dance craze in urlLink HONGKONG check it out! =) (_)_) ~Net

 Wednesday night I went to Tita Josie's 60th Birthday. Little did I know what they had in store for me. I was forcibly volunteered as one of the line dancers in the beginning of the party. Having only 30 minutes to practice didnt help at all. Its a good thing it was a country line dance routine. Whew! simple steps really, two steps to the right then three steps to the left all a long facing my partner (not Dot), then twisting the partner around as we both walk three steps faced left. Then two steps to the left then two to the right.Parner moves to her left. I move to my left. Go to the next partner. then the cycle begins again. I dont know the song but afterwards the DJ flipped the beat and switched over to NoDoubt's "Hella Good"! At this point all the girls in the line dance converged together and did another number and WOW was it a number. All that bumpin and grinding made it short of a lap dance. Real Spicy! The food I mean. The party was at urlLink AKBARS chique place in the CITY. I must say Tita Josie throws lavish parties which I will miss. Now shes about to retire and move home to the Philippines. When asks where she will stay she mentioned to me that she might stay in AKLAN for a few months. I never been there myself. Its my Lolo Mike's home province. Anyone been there? More to come (_)_) ~Net

 Ching: Would it be too much to ask if you can help me create a guestbook for my blog? I just wanted to hear some feedback from people that visit my site. Let me know what I have to do. Enlighten me with some web advice! :)

 Ching, Sheryll, & Garch: I am so glad to be able to chat with all of you. Hopefully we can do it again soon. Ching thanks for providing us with the link to your bridal registry. We'll definitely be checking it out.

 Blogger is acting up again.. GRRR!

 Pia, I got your text..&nbsp; I'm in chat right now and I'll wait for you guys.&nbsp; I can't stay past 10 PM (cst), though.

 Target, JCPenney, Bed Bath & Beyond. For more info, visit urlLink http://ching.goldensushi.net/main.html and click on wishlist. ;)

 ching, where is your bridal registery at?

 It should work for both PC and MAC.

 We actually like BattleBots better than Robot Wars.. =)

 am i safe 2assume that u guys like robot wars as weLL??? heehee, have u seen jay leno's chinkiLLa? yea, baby!

 Ching: I think Jesse James and his crew are awesome. I saw a couple of episodes of Monster Garage. It's so cool how they turned the Volswagen Beetle into a hover craft (did i spell that correctly?) and the Ford Mustang into a super powered lawn mower. :)

 Our newest passion.. Monster Garage -- Discovery Channel.

 Ching: I signed up for an Enetation account but I decided not to use it. I decided not to put a comments link for my blog just yet. For now, I prefer to just use my guestbook to hear about people's comments. Maybe when I change my layout I will consider putting a comments page. :) Thanks though for offering me your help. You're always reliable. :)

 PIA: Enetation is great! You should use it on your site.. It's at http://www.enetation.co.uk -- Jay/Daf uses it and it seems to work great! Let me know if you need help installing it. It should be pretty simple, though.. Just sign up and paste the code.

 Min: Nice photos! They are very creative :) Miss chatting with you! Much love to baby Ash. :)

 urlLink check out mAi --> ^ pHoto siTe ^

 Saw a Coop on I-69 last week. It is TINY! Still cool though, and they're supposed to really hop. I may have to settle for a turbobeetle though. Or keep driving my Alero, which I kinda like. It's just so ordinary.

 urlLink :- mAi aa siTe -: &nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink .:aa gbOok:.

 Yowzers! A mini-cooper! I havent seen that anywhere here in NY except in the magazine ads. When I was growing up, my father always referred to it as a mini-ha-ha. Dont know why he calls it that but thats how I remember the car. I read somewhere that BMW re-released the car last year, but I for one havent seen the new series out on the L.I.E. (Long Island Expressway). I wonder if it can still fit 4 comfortably. That is.. one adult and 4 kids! =) Ha! Ha! 6 more days till the Vegas Vacation. I cant wait. Dot is bringing the Panasonic Cam she bought 2 weeks ago. I for one am just glad that I can take off. The last two months have been brutal work wise. Not a day that I start worrying about work. One word... OVERLOAD! The countdown begins. Net

 ^_^chiNg, biGG thanx!!! *muahs*huGGs*

 Ching, I LOVE the Mini-Cooper! Wish I could fit in one... Daf

 My REAL Blog: If you've read my BigBellySkinnyMan blog, you've probably noted it's dry as dust. It has been effective in my weight loss efforts, though. Down from 245 to 236. Only 51 more to go! Anyhow, I've been keeping a serious blog, too: urlLink St. Cecilia Was Here . I've mostly been writing about church music stuff, not sure y'all care much about that, but it's probably better than my dieting blog. So Ching, if you can add the link to our Golden Sushi page, I'd appreciate it. And, all y'all, stop by and leave a note (comments by urlLink )! Daf/Jay

 I've just spent the past hour updating urlLink the photo gallery , so please take the time to check it out.. &nbsp; The latest pics were taken at the Lake Afton car show. &nbsp; Enjoy!

 APRIL: I finally got around to modifying your blog's settings.. Your blog now publishes to http://www.goldensushi.net/~april -- thus, no more ads at the top. &nbsp; Let me know if you need help with anything else. &nbsp; Again, I apologize for the delay and appreciate your patience. (",)

 APRIL: I think she got it from the box.. Anyway, I was kind of disappointed about how predictable it was. &nbsp; It was good. &nbsp; But not as good as The Bourne Identity . &nbsp; Matt Damon is hot!!

 Ching: Thank you for your condolences.

 k... u'D think dat mee as a secretary at work wLd bee aLL safe...but we just had a "situation." i feeL bad dat sumtimes my neurology patieNts suffer from vietnam war flashbacks. i got scared a bit because he started ruNNing down our hospitaL haLLways. iM caLLing security now... gosh, i wish theyD hurry their asses up. 10-4, over & out!!!

 MOViE REViEW: "MiNORiTY REPORT" the onLy reason i agReed 2battLe dem long lines at the movie theatre was the chaNce 2c my future car: a schnazee Lexus. TwasNt reaLLy as good as aLL the hype; iT made me thiNk dat cruise/speiLberg are geTTin' oLd. PLUS, those highways he used? iT reminded me of waLt diSNey's predictions... he drew them out, animations. wiThout the compuTer graphix team... weLL, leMMe say dat this wLd have been a better book. beRRie predictabLe. ques: wheRe did the wife get the eye?

 PIA / MIN ~~ I'm very sorry about your loss.. &nbsp; Our thoughts and prayers will be with you always.

 You guys know about urlLink Lowbrow ? Today's best quote: Where there's smoke, there's fire. Except for where there's dry ice. Daf

 Sorry about your uncle, Yasmin. Daf

 u have my condoLences min....-aPRiL

 Min: Tell your dad that Lola, Tito Meng, and Ralph already went back to the Philippines yesterday. The funeral will be on Sunday.

 So sorry for your uncle benedicto Yasmin. My condolences. + + + Net

 R. I . P. 2 mAi unCle BEN BENEDICTO * I kNow thAt you'Re in HeaVen now wiT tIta MILA aNd LOLO And my MOM * wE'll bE mIssing You! WE LOVE YOU urlLink ^ sw33t lil' aSian ^

 i dNt reaLLy waNNa see "sum of aLL fears"... ***groans*** evrygurLfriend of miNe is forcing mee! iM beRRie exciTed 2see "LiLo & STiTch" i have a confession: iVe been eating McD's happy meaL breakfasts 2get dem bobbLeheads... aaggh, pathetic! iTs just dat iM sooo happy 2c a disney character i cLd reLate 2. Lea saLonga reaLLy didNt make an impact. so...i hoPe dat ma recent trip to hawa'ii wiLL bee most heLpfuL. mahaLo, ohana! --dat means, thanx, my famiLy!!! a.J.("( 'o', )

 Here's our urlLink Father's Day Pix ! Wanted to post 'em here, but Shutterfly doesn't seem to have a way to share out. The who's who: Stella: Kim's mom; Nancy: My mom; Kim: My wife; Jessica: Our daughter; and Alyssa: Our Granddaughter. Flash failed on the two darker pics - I fixed 'em up as much as I could. We were at the Macaroni Grill, Nancy (in from Kalamazoo) was treating. Alyssa's a real handful - started walking this week, constant ball of energy, always getting into everything. Wow. Let me know if the links don't work! Daf

 The Bourne Identity was awesome! &nbsp; I liked it even better than The Sum of All Fears !!

 New pictures have been posted in urlLink the photo gallery !

 Have a nice weekend, everyone:)

 And to the Wings! Let's hear it for old folks! Daf the old

 Congratulations to the Los Angeles Lakers for winning their third NBA Championship ! As always, they played a great game. :) GO LAKERS! GO LAKERS! GO LAKERS!

 Saw the movie trailers on Cable last night. I was LMAO! I might just sneek a peek at it on Friday. Speaking of movies, for us guys who will be brining the better half to the YAYA Flick, Heres a urlLink Survival Guide . more to come (_)_) ~Net

 ***grins*** at CHiNG, heehee...u so siLLie! did enibodyeLse like udercover brother as muxh as i did??? make sure u'aLL pay cLose attenXn or eLse dem corny jokes wiLL zoom pass u like dem fLying afro-picks...*_*

 No one can say that Dot isnt a smart shopper. She went online last night and purchased Panasonic cam for 653 simoleons! Best Buy had it for 899. Being that she saved 200 dollars Dot bought me a new car stereo for my birthday. I hope it comes with installation cables, its kind of a pain to have the stereo and not being able to hear anything coming out of it. classy isnt it? More to come... (_)_) Net

 Min: Don't worry I am pretty sure your mom is watching you and your brothers right now. :) Belated Happy B-day Aunty Yolly. I hope you're happy up there in heaven!

 I recently got Brian a Hi8 Camcorder for his birthday.. &nbsp; Couldn't afford a digital one and for the purposes that we are using the camcorder for ( *silly grin* ), I figured that the Hi8 would be suitable.. &nbsp; Brian was really stoked! &nbsp; I'll be posting pictures of us playing with it in the photo gallery soon.. &nbsp; In the meantime, if you're interested in buying one on the cheap -- urlLink visit Best Buy .

 Dot is shopping around for a digital video camera. Over the week she went online and researched this Sony camera only to change her mind as soon as we got to BestBuy. We perused BestBuy's circle of Digital Cams compared Sony with this Panasonic DV cam. I played around with the SonyCam smacked it up, flipped it, rubbed it down...then Dot calls me over to the other side of the circle. Dot was playing with a Panasonic Brand. This particular model had similar functions as the SonyCam but it had something that Sony didnt. SIZE! Panasonic's mini size cam made Dot fall in love with it. So much for all that research for Sony. (Net makes motion of throwing out research papers on Sony Cam). With that lets take a closer look at this Dot Cam before she buys it.... size not to scale more to come... ~Net

 iTs my mOm's b-day 2day... i wIsh sHe wAs here.... i rEally mIss heR a lOt! alWays will en alwAys havE..... hUgsenkiSses 4 u mOm, fr ur dAughtEr urlLink ^ sw33t lil' aSian ^

 *sigh*i lost one hundred pesos 2mah dad in d phiLs... heehee ...we're sacramento kings luvers; so, i just waNt lakers 2Lose. duNNo iF fiShNeTs can do it tho. *_*

 Oh well...it looks like the Lakers kicked the Nets' butts in the first game... :D

 Min: Your site looks cute! Thanks for the anniversary greetings. I will definitely keep you advice in mind when I visit Jeff this weekend! :D

 Brian got his birthday present today! It's an early birthday present from me.. A Canon ES8400V Hi8 camcorder! He's playing with it right now! He is super-duper excited!!

 urlLink aTe piA da sOng fr mAi blog wAs urlLink leaving pt.2 ...oooppss...... i added some song 2 mAi web blOg aS well .... hApi ANI btw.... gOOdluck 2 u Guys en hAve Fun fun Fun fUn wHile ur yOung ......lol! urlLink ^ sw33t lil' aSian ^

 urlLink Mozilla is here! Daf

 Go urlLink NJ NETS nye nye nye nye nye nye! = more to come ~NET

 urlLink New pictures are posted in the SMEAGHE blog! &nbsp; Check 'em out while you have the chance because they will be deleted from the server in two weeks!

 Go Wings!

 GO LAKERS!

 That's excellent, April! &nbsp; I'm so happy that you're able to access your space and upload files already! &nbsp; Enjoy!!

 yey, my first sucessful pix post...woo-hoo^_^ biGG thanx to chiNg, of course!

 JEN, let me know what domain names you want and I will set it up for you.. Once the FTP and domains are set up, I'll bill you. Is that okay?

 LeMMe try this.... heehee("( 'o', )

 No wonder I couldn't get into our Goldensushi site yesterday. I'm glad our site is back up. :)

 Getstring.com is down.. They're down on and off quite a bit.. I think funding problems.. PEOPLE WHO NEED GUESTBOOKS -- go to signmyguestbook.com !!

 Sorry about the outtage.. &nbsp; If you don't know what I'm talking about -- good for you. &nbsp; If you tried to come here yesterday, sorry about that. &nbsp; But we are back and fully functional again.. Good news for SMEAGHE! &nbsp; I got a domain http://smeaghe.tk so you don't have to type http://smeaghe.blogspot.com anymore.. It's a free redirection service! &nbsp; Anybody else want a free .tk domain? &nbsp; Go to dot.tk -- but hurry because they are going fast!

 Hey, GS is on the search engines! Looks like Google and Yahoo are parsing the blogger sites now...

 Our server is down again. This is why we couldn't view any of the sites that is under Goldensushi. Darn Cyberwings! I visited the site and it says that they are under construction. I hope they can fix whatever it is that needs to be fixed. :(

 wheres the golden sushi website? i cant seem to pull it up on either web browsers now...(Netscape and IE 6). Where or where is goldensushi. =( More to come... NET

 I took a Lilo & Stitch quiz courtesy of Fortune Cookie . Check it out! urlLink Which Lilo & Stitch Character Are YOU? Find out now! Only from urlLink the Quiz Junkie

 Blogger sucks! Thank gawd our server is up and running again. I missed blogging.

 i kno.... i cant even see my page =o(

 I tied. I'm a lucky bed time bear or a sleepy, lucky bear.

 urlLink See what Care Bear you are. urlLink See what Care Bear you are./a>

 What happened to the GoldenSushi website? I cant log into it. =( Happy monday! Net

 k... hirz mah test results.... urlLink See what Care Bear you are.

 iM soo tired rite now... i cNt even type. iM stiLL at work; so, iM unabLe 2take any test. ***sigh*** iF onLy money & gucci purses grew on trees. (",) have enibody been hooKed 2"american idol"? gosh....dat simon is so brutaL.

 I tinkered around with the nerd test radio buttons(the buttons you select to answer the questions) and what the test give you is an extra 50-100 points if you select yes to the Latin question and the digital watch question. Not that I was trying to get the highest score. It just came as a surprise to me that I would score higher than Bill Gates. Going back to the questions and clicking on the NO radio buttons on the latter questions, I received a lower score. IPOD is Apple's product for an MP3 player. For all you music enthusiasts, there are 3 IPOD versions introduced in Macworld. Depending on the version that you purchase you can save up to 4000 songs on the IPOD which is about the size of your average Palm Pilot. Now Apple will be letting the whole world in on the IPOD. One will be able to use it for a Windows Computer and download MP3 compressed music to the IPOD. QuarkXpress is what professional typesetters, magazine artists,etc use for creating documents. More to come... (_)_) Net

 Dorkiness is in the pocket-protector of the beholder...

 So, what would be the anthesis of the NERD test? Would it be the HIPSTER test? Is there such a thing? Net, you must be a super nerd cuz I have no clue what you are talking about: "QuarkXpress," "IPOD," etc. I feel like I need a lexicon. I feel like I'm in some weird alternate universe cuz really I believe the so-called "nerds" are really cool folk; I'm the one who feels like the super dork for not being in the loop about this stuff.

 I think this NERD test is biased. Just because I was taught LATIN in grade school and I owned a digital watch with a calculator I got scored 100 points over the average. My score is 520 points at a rating of 111.14%. SUPER NERD. I scored higher than Bill Gates. Speaking of Nerds, I just came back from the Macworld convention. Mac is now making an IPOD for Windows! Whooohoo! Super MP3 players for my Win user friends! I had the opportunity to be in the shadow of Steve Jobs as he made his rounds at the convention. He even took a glimpse at my VIVA Las Vegas T-shirt with the scantily clothed VIVA girls. OH my GOD Steve Jobs likes my T-shirt. The people from QuarkXpress was there and gave me a scaled version of their update to the professional page layout application. Some freebies from Macworld magazine.(CDs/table coasters). I cant believe MAC is releasing an upgrade to OS X and charging 200 smakaroons for a dot version upgrade. More to come.... ~Net

 That Nerd Test was totally biased. It made it seem like techies and math and sciece whizzes are the only true nerds. I bet if they had questions regarding literature and my dorky literary habits my rating would increase exponentially.

 Out of curiousity I took the Nerd Test, I scored 419 and my rating is 89.72%. I can't believe I lost a point for using a Windows machine. I think the people who created the nerd quiz is not a big fan of Windows. Anyhow, I don't think I'm nerdier than George Bush Sr. or Liberace.

 Now and then something interesting on the GoldenSushi page...I took the nerd test Score:459, Percentile 98.29%. Should I be happy, or depressed about this. I think it was the browsing at Radio Shack question that did me in. Well, I do browse Radio Shack, and I've taken a couple dates to Barnes and Nobles too. Man, I'm a dork. To top it off, I just RSVP'd for the WebLoggers meet, (just because it was at The Pub.)

 No extra points for Unix - but at least I didn't lose a point!

 Thanks for taking the Nerd test! Your score is:199 Your rating is: 42.61% That makes me just a bit nerdier than Britney Spears, not quite as nerdy as Richard Simmons. I lost a point logging in from a Windows machine - maybe I'll try again from our unix box (running Netscape on an HP 9000) I should get a point just for thinking of that...

 I'm worth $1,163,640.00. I'm not for sale although compared to Ching I'm a bargain. j/k

 On the Nerd Test, I scored 179 and my rating is 38.33%. I have no idea what that means.

 Following Brownpau's example, I took the urlLink Nerd Test .. [drum roll please] My score is 409 with a rating of 87.58%.. Not too geeky, but not your average gal either.

 ** thx 4 da greEtiNgs u gUys! ** urlLink ^ sw33t lil' aSian ^

 hi glee! it's nice to see you blogging again!

 Thanks for the link Glee - I can almost see your face behind the hair [g]... Hope things start looking up for you soon. Though misery has helped create some real good blues tunes. But once you've got your material, THEN some happiness. comfort, and love would be great. Daf

 I'm worth exactly $2,286,286.00, according to urlLink humanforsale.com -- can you believe it?

 glee, sorrie.

 Check out urlLink Nancy's tacky postcard collection . Everyone should have a hobby...

 Have you guys heard of urlLink BLOG MEETUP ? &nbsp; I'm actually diggin' the idea.

 Ching, I'm okay. Not to fret. Thanks for asking. I went to SF Pride Parade with gf Karen. We watched an outdoor concert at the Latino Stage. I had a chance to see the latina pop sensation Fey perform with very handsome dancers. We both got sunburned. Then Karen broke it off with me once she arrived back in southern Cal. Burned twice in the same summer. Bummer. Okay, there's a photo and a bio of me at www.cinasphere.com. So can you now please leave me alone about wanting see my photo?j/k The movies I saw this summer were Men In Black II, Spiderman, Star Wars Episode 2, and Minority Report. I thought it would be unlikely but I actually enjoyed watching Minority Report.I'm looking forward to watching Lilo & Stitch. I'm still doing the Listen & Be Heard poetry series every Thursday. The L&BH crew is going to produce a live spoken word CD. I will be one of the features, and I'll be charge of marketing. The director of the Downtown Association performance stage requested I sign up for a slot for my poets. I already decided who will be the members of Vallejo Phoenix Rising performance poetry group. (Auditions took place last month.) I got word that I will be receiving the full amount for the grant I wrote for VPR. My auntie just recently got married and she is no longer working as a staff person for my mother's carehome. Now my mother wants me to be a direct staff person. I feel hesitant, but I know my mother has connections that can give me possible leads for my therapeutic massage practice. (I lost my office space a while back when I broke off my independent contract partnership at a gym.) And I sure can use the money. I'm sorry I have not been bloggin in lately. I noticed a few new names. So, I just want to say a howdeeyadoo to Yasmin and Pia. And a longtimenohear to the rest of the gang. This is Glee signing off... Keep on bloggin--

 happe birthday, min-min!

 hey, mee want sum lasanga rite now 2!!! heehee

 Hi Fellow Bloggers, Im back from Las Vegas! Let the nerdy fun begin! Ever watch this show on TechTV the screensavers? Find out which Screensaver nerd you are. I did the test, and I am much like Martin Sargent! Which one are you? urlLink Take the urlLink Which Screen Saver are you? quiz. It's the quiz with oomph! Created by Rachel ( urlLink oomph ) and John ( urlLink woobyslj ) more to come.... ~Net

 Belated happy birthday MIN! I hope you had a good one!! How old are you now?

 Everyone don't forget to greet Min a HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY! It was her birthday yesterday. April: Don't feel bad because I haven't started in the actual nursing program yet. 'm finishing the pre-requisites this coming fall and appying for the program in November. It sounds like you're working really hard in school so don't give up. Continue all your hard work and you'll get your BSN. :) So you saw my little cousin's pictures? Aren't they cute? Clarissa is almost 2 in December and she's so adorable and makulit. Her big sister Czarinna is turning 7 in December and she'll be in first grade this fall. I taught her how to read. :)

 Haven't heard from Glee lately.. Is she okay?

 aTe piA tHx 4 sHaring mE ur lAsanga recipe ... iT wAs gOod , wEll excepT 4 dA wHite sAuce..... mmmm... yUmmy ! urlLink ^ sw33t lil' aSian ^

 aPril lUv yAh 2 ! ! ! urlLink ^ sw33t lil' aSian ^

 pia, i think ur cousin clarissa has ur eyes too...heehee. btw, how many more tiL u get ur master's? super-ingit ako sayo. iM not in the RN program yet pa! its those frequently updated prerequisites & new rules. ***sigh*** aPRiL =o( boo-hoo

 Anyone hear from Glee? She okay? Uncle Daf

 min, iM just sayin.... i used 2b reaLLy heavy, so....i dNt go 4diets & supermodeLskiNNy schtuff. i think pia luks gud kc. sum peeps just cnt see 5'4" &140lbs normal. luv u tho, aite? aPRiL

 aPril cOrreCtion.... I am nOt meaN 2 mAi ate Pi its jUs thAt i Have no tIme 2 siGn her gbook.... bUt nOw tHat u mEntion it i Did it alReady k! sO am i Nice or wHat.... don't wOrry if I haVe time i'll sIgn yours aS wEll k! gOod dAy!!! urlLink ^ sw33t lil' aSian ^

 HAPPY 4th oF JuLy 2aLL sushies!!! iNstead of eating deLicious BBQ & bLowing-up paputoks, iM working. =o( i need d money bec i weNt shopping at victoria secret's & my favorite pLace: urlLink iKEA. my bros & i saw Bourne Identity bec Powerpuff & MIB2 were soLd-out. dat wuz a pretty gud movie. iM hungRee... i want sum seafood. caLamari and steamed snow crabs. ***stomach gRRRRowLiN'***

 MiN, why you so mean to ur cousin!!! bee nice, k?? ^_^

 Brian and I are going to see Mr. Deeds today.. Didn't see Scooby Doo -- Brian watched it by himself.

 Min: So you did stop by my online photo album! How come you didn't sign the guestbook? :(

 aTe pIa: I saw ur pix On uR pHoto sIte, u really gain a lOt of weiGht.... bUt don'T wOrry ur sTill oNe of mY seXy couSin ********* keEp in tOuch! mIss u!********** urlLink ^ sw33t lil' aSian ^

 Daf at the movies Undercover Brother : Cross between "I'm Gonna Git You, Sucka" and "Austin Powers". Not brilliant, but some REALLY funny/stupid moments. Also some very derivative moments, particularly the golf course chase. Don't know how well the parody plays for all you whippersnappers [g] too young to remember the 70s. Star Wars II : Didn't suck like SW1, not as good as the original. Still, quite watchable. Nice to see Yoda kick some ass, believable or not. Lilo and Stitch : VERY well done. Nice character development, lots of real humor (as opposed to the Disney kind). I knew right from the beginning, when Lilo punched out her classmate, that this would not be your typical Disney cartoon. Aliens were excellent, too. Scooby Doo : Good job emulating the animated characters, especially Shaggy. Treatment of Scrappy Doo was a riot. Velma was very likeable. Highlight: a fart contest scene worthy of "Blazing Saddles". Shaggy pot references were subtle, but definite.

 E.T. Well now I get it. Thanks guys for taking the time to explain it to me! Now I won't feel left out anymore. :) Ching thanks for fixing my archives.

 STAND BY ME Your archives are fixed, Pia!

 REVENGE OF THE NERDS It doesn't have to be a movie that you've seen either.. Just as long as it's a movie.. If someone makes a movie up & just pulls a title out of their ass, it can be challenged! No made for TV movies please.

 HIGHLANDER Missed the monthly sales by about three grand! Makes for a good lesson, start attacking goals from the beginning and do not try to play catch up in the end. A new month is beginning. "Jaba" took a breather from his vacation to talk to the Territory Sales Representative that I hired. He sat with Michael for a whole hour. I was wondering if Jaba ate him. When they both came out of the meeting room I was relieved. Anyway, my boss likes the new recruit. He expects me to train him on the capabilities of the store and its team members. Funny, how he didnt even bleeped a sound about my "success". Pia... if you look at the last 15 posts. the movie titles we post at the beginning of each blog was Ching's idea. Everytime someone posts at GS you have to think of a movie title that starts with the last letter of the title that the previous blogger poster. IE.. i posterd Highlande(R).... so now the next GS post has to start with the letter R. Any takers? more to come.... NET

 Hi Pia - the deal with the game is that YOU get to pick what movie goes up next. It just has to start with an "H". And I'm purposely talking about movies y'all might not have seen ('cos i'm old enough to be everybody's DAD here), that way we all broaden our horizons a little. I never saw Strange Days or Nell or Dogma or Armageddon either... And talk about feeling out of place - 25 years older than all y'all, and don't know word one of Tagalog... but I stick around 'cos you're all nice to me. ;-)

 I'm still here guys! I read our blog everyday. It's just that school is really hectic and I hardly have any time to stay long enough online to blog. Besides, I have never seen any of the movies you guys talk about. I feel so out of place. :(

 LOVE AND DEATH A Woody Allen send-up of every Russian novel ever written. Cute in a sort of a "look at us aren't we devilishly clever" way. Not his best work. Maybe his last Diane Keaton movie - I disremember. We're all on the edge of our chairs, Net - didja make it? Still on your way to Emperor? And... ...is this just a 3-corner game? Or can we get Pia and Jen and Glee and aPriL et al to join in?

 NELL Just got done watching "Strange Days" --- never seen it before.. Saw it on TV while channel-surfing. Totally intriguing.. I ask Brian what it's all about as I usually do with movies because I know he's seem them all. Annoyed, he dismisses my question and tells me that I have to watch it from the beginning in order for it to make sense. And he goes, "I've got it here somewhere -- if you haven't sold it yet.." So I watch it in the bedroom while I'm ironing. Pretty good. Makes you think. Didn't James Cameron do "Titanic"? How can the same guy make "Strange Days" and then turn around and make a movie like "Titanic"? It doesn't add up! Then again, a dollar's a dollar.. Brian's just relieved that I have something else to do other than pester him to get off the computer so I can take my turn. Needless to say, the movies over and I bumped him off the computer. Shoot, he was just playing Star Trek Armada II, anyway! It's not like he's writing a manifesto. Which, if he were, I'd be really worried. The last thing I need is to be married to a Ted Kazinski wannabe. What is the deal with those strategy games anyway? Am I the only one who doesn't get it? They're all freaking the same!! Speaking of games, we ran to Best Buy last night at 8:45 PM -- 15 minutes before closing time thinking that we'd buy Tekken 4.. It doesn't even come out until September 25!! Some wacko worker at Best Buy told Brian that it was coming yesterday! They should give us something for wasting our freaking time! I need some compensation, dammit!!

 ARMAGGEDON Its coming down to the wire. I opened up the sales report for August and my store needs 3500 simoleons to make the sales plan. My highspeed color printer is down. Xerox says they cant get a technician to me until after 5pm. Meanwhile, I have a project thats on hold which can put me over the top if I can get it printed ($10,000). It still needs to get laminated and 3 hole drilled. If Xerox can fix my printer and get the document printed, I can send it to my outsource to complete the auxilliary work and I can complete a banner month at urlLink Kinko's - sans my boss who is still on vacation. What proof do I need, to show the powers that be, that I deserve my own empire? Did I mention its raining cats and dogs out here? Daf - I never seen Fisher King. Looks like I have another thing to list on urlLink Netflix as my next DVD to borrow. Ching - I read that link about cyberwings. First time I'm hearing of that site. So sorry that you have been a victim. We are all victims of this Shaun's devilish scheme. Anyway, the weatherman is saying that there might be flash floods for the evening commute tonight. I might be coming home on a boat. more to come... NET

 DOGMA I'm suck a sucker for internet scams.. Along time ago, when I had chingay.com I got scammed.. Now, with goldensushi.net -- I am victimized yet again. Do I have sucker plastered on my forehead or what? Has anyone ever heard of urlLink cyberwingssucks.com ? Apparently, I'm the last one to know.

 NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD Might as well stick with The Classics... I've felt like the living dead for the last coupla days - killer sore throat. Caught it from Kim. C'mon, we never even SEE each other, hardly. Anyhow, back at work today, but not happy about it. Net - the movie was urlLink The Fisher King . Bridges was the shock jock, Williams was there when the bit went wrong. Daf

 YEAR OF THE DRAGON This afternoon could not get any worse. I went to pick up Dorothy from work and I was 10 minutes late. She reiterated that I should be prompt and that weve been through this once before. I ended up angry and decided to pop the accelerator and overtake the slow moving car in front of me. Dorothy shut up and was shocked at what I did. When I calmed down she politely said "Can you try to drive normally, I would like to live long and have kids." Neither of us apologized for the way we reacted to each other this afternoon. We did went on with our evening. I went rollerblading with her by Bayside Marina and later watched Oceans 11. I ended the evening giving her a goodnight kiss and she having a smile on her face. (N) is next.

 DEAD POETS SOCIETY Let's play our movie game.. Brian and I used to play this on our cellphones when we're going convoy to make the time pass by quicker. The rules are simple: you can't repeat movie titles and your title should begin with the last letter / number of the previous movie named. In this case, the next person to blog needs to head their blog entry with a movie that starts with a "Y" --- clear as mud? Let's play!

 RE: Robin Williams Movie Oh OH.. is it.. Goodmorning Vietnam? Robin Williams plays this guy shock jock in the ARMY? Did I get the daily double? Net

 Welcome back Ching & Brian! Net, it's gotta be tough to be a shock jock - there are lines you can't cross, but it's your job to go right up to them without crossing over. Hard to do consistently. You couldn't pay me enough! There was that movie with Robin Williams and one of the Bridges boys - forget the title (I own the VHS and still can't remember - sad or what?)... Speaking of shock-jock bits gone seriously wrong. Daf

 I'm back.. Email me if you'd like pictures! (Please include mailing address if you'd like photos burned on a CD -- thanks!)

 Moving On... My favorite technology show is moving to a new set. For this event they want to sell some of the GREAT urlLink gadgets they had in the old studio. urlLink CLICK HERE to see the goodies they are selling. In other news, this week, my beloved boss took is long awaited two week vacation. And not a moment too soon! The end of week one is here and I have improved the store greatly! We've aquired the highest customer service rating in the region. 90.6% of those surveyed says we ROCK! Mystery Shopper anyone? We scored a perfect 100! Who's you're daddy? Whats left is to clean the house! The powers that be are visiting the New York market, My boss "JaBa" and I will have to make sure the store is up to their standards. I have to start by sweeping the mice away. Got a couple of them who still arent playing my way. But enough of myself. This is a forum. Change of topics.... urlLink WNEW fired urlLink OPIE and ANTHONY . The two shock DJ's were fired for the dare they gave their listners to have Sex in St. Patricks Cathedral! Discuss.... more to come.... ~Net

 Ching: I hope your honeymoon went well. Please don't forget to show us some pictures when you're not too busy. BTW, does this mean we no longer have Goldensushi? I can't believe how insane our server is for not posting any sort of message regarding our website. I seriously think they ran off with your money! You should file a complaint!

 Today is Friday, HAppy Friday! Net

 So, Ching, you're all married now and stuff, right? Cherrie Brubaker? Cherrie Alonso-Brubaker? Cherrie Alonso? Daf

 check out urlLink my new baby !!! Is she a hottie or what?? Daf

 Talked to a few people about Cyberwings but getting mixed opinions. Some say to wait it out when they regroup and up and running by the end of August and some say to take the money and run with another server. This is the first I have heard of a server going down for such a long period without major notification and no direct re-startup date. It sounds very fishy. Speaking of fish, I think its time to dip the pole in the Long Island Sound. A couple of co-workers and I will fish after work. Hmmm. I might have to borrow Tonino's fish rods. Mine is MIA. I dont remember taking it with me when I left Manhattan. More to come... NET

 Ching: Have you heard from the Cyberwings help desk lately?

 Cyberwings is our server for Goldensushi. I think it's a good idea to ask people at that convention Net. You might know some people who use Cyberwings. Please let us know...

 Back in Las Vegas sans Dottie. Im here for the urlLink DEF CON X convention. For those of you out of the loop its a "Nerd" convention filled with would-be-hackers, network gurus, and of course nerds like me. This is my first DC, I am so anxious. I ran into Pat Norton from TechTV at the Hard Rock Hotel playing Black Jack. I played a couple of hands on his table but lost. (not much of a gambler). This is also the first for me that my manager agreed that I can charge the flight costs to the company. Woohoo!!! I am so appreciative of it since I got to fly first class thanks for the upgrade from my JFK connections. Flight was kinda bumpy but it was great to be in "friendly" skies. Las Vegas is soooooo HOT. Okay, gettin ready to dip in the pool I am putting on some sun block...for those of you that tan easily I recommend SPF45 or higher. Who is the server for our site? I might be able to find some answeres here at DC. more to come ~NET

 I filed a trouble ticket on the help desk already... Our site should be fixed soon... Sorry about the delay! I'll let you guys know more info when I get it. Thank you for your patience.. Speaking of THANK YOUs.. I would like to thank Daf for his very thoughtful gift! We really appreciate it!

 ***waaa*** i waNNa see mah bLogg page... iVe been working on it, and i caNt see if it improved or not. i beLieve dat beyonce's poor performance was as pointLess as britney spears's cameo on austin powers. did u aLL like d opening bit as muxh as i did?

 Heres a story I received in E-mail. I found it ironic. Its probably made its round trip in email fwds. Anyway, read on: A city boy, Kenny, moved to the country and bought a donkey from an old farmer for $100.00. The farmer agreed to deliver the donkey the next day The next day the farmer drove up and said, "Sorry son, but I have some bad news, the donkey died." Kenny replied, "Well then, just give me my money back." The farmer said, "Can't do that. I went and spent it already." Kenny said, "OK then, just unload the donkey." the farmer asked, "What ya gonna do with him?" Kenny said, "I'm going to raffle him off." Farmer, "You can't raffle off a dead donkey!" Kenny, "Sure I can. Watch me. I just won't tell anybody he is dead." A month later the farmer met up with Kenny and asked, "What happened with that dead donkey?" Kenny, "I raffled him off. I sold 500 tickets at two dollars a piece and made a profit of $898.00." Farmer, "Didn't anyone complain?" Kenny, "Just the guy who won. So I gave him his two dollars back." Kenny grew up and eventually became the chairman of Enron. More to come... ~NET

 TOY STORY Oh My Gosh -I have been cooking this thing I call pinakbet and as I browsed Lutongbhay.com, it's more like I'm doing bulanglang all along. I"m not a genius with cooking, it's more like gaya-gaya only and besides this recipes are not particularly from visayas. So guys maybe you can ask your Moms for confirmation. Anyways there really is not much of a problem, except that now that I am staying at home I am getting picky about these details, too much time maybe?????

 NORTH BY NORTHWEST I hope this movie title has not been used yet. Anyhow Ching, I'm glad to see you blogging again. Your new computer is awesome! I'm jelous! I wanted a DVD writer. Oh well, I do look forward to chatting on YM with you. I hope your webcam already works.

 KING PIN Has this been used yet? Anyway sorry I've been out of commish for a while.. As I have mentioned before, the computer went kaput.. Brian had to order another harddrive from DELL.. In the meantime, I've decided to buy my own computer. It's neato!! It's 2.53 Ghz Pentium IV with a DVD/CD player on the first bay & DVD/CD burner on the second bay. I decided to forgo the internal zip drive because Brian's computer has one and I really wouldn't need it except to access some of the old stuff that I have saved which is no biggie because our computers are networked together! It's awesome! I think I'll be online more from now on. Look for me on AIM, YM & ICQ! And, of course, here! By the way, just got done watching Sweet Home Alabama.. It's soo good!

 New York, New York A very unpopular movie that gave us a very popular song. Liza Minelli and De Niro, I think (?) - way too long since I saw it. Anyhow, I liked it. I'm back from Washington state. It was a great visit, I found out a whole lot of family history, spent time with my (semi-estranged) brother and my (semi-estranged) son and his family. Went well, mostly. We all survived, at least. Great to see my stepmom again, got a little hiking in - and LOTS of eating! Heard an interview with the author of "The Gospel According to Tony Soprano", or something like that. Talks about all the parallels to the book of Ecclesiastes, which is about a man who finds riches, wisdom, and pleasure - and is still unhappy. I'll never view the Sopranos the same way. Saw "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" last week. What a blast! Kim loved it too. I tried to get her to see it when it came out, she hadn't heard of it, so wasn't interested (We saw "Undercover Brother" instead). So Daf got a big "I told you so" score outta that one!

 (the) RUNNING MAN Hope that wasnt taken yet... So sad to hear about Chings computer going to chip heaven. Should have bought a MAC. Speaking of being out of the loop. I have been so busy cleaning house(work), that it has foregone me from blogging. The urlLink tea ceremony is a chinese tradition. Read more about it on the link. The Sopranos' second episode premieres tonight. So far Toni Soprano has a new scheme up his sleeve-Hotels. Moving right along, Toni got an idea in his head to hide is Simoleons in his back yard. He put some in the tool shed, some in bags of nuts, etc. Cant wait for the next show. Gotta go for now. Its about to start. More to come.... NET

 (the) EVENING STAR Sorry I've been out of commish.. I'm at my mom's right now.. Our computer is kaput! I may not be back for another six months! You guys keep the fort up, okay?

 STOP MAKING SENSE Talking Heads team up with a few of the guys from Funkadelic and Jonathon Demme to make one of the most watchable, listenable, danceable concert films of all time. Special bonus: Tom-Tom Club (led by Talking Heads bassist Tina Weymouth) doing "My Boyfriend", currently being revived in (Honda, I think?) commercials. But, of course, singer/ songwriter/ leader David Byrne is the major presence in this video. If you've never seen it, GO GET IT! Thanks to Ching for sharing her wedding pix. Did she look happy or what? Hey Net, tell the hopelessly Anglo among us (that would be me) what the tea ceremony is! It's a Chinese thing, right? At least you guys don't do English jokes with Tagalog punchlines anymore...

 Young Hercules The new season of the Sopranos premiered on HBO tonight. Life is back to normal in the Net household. Had a great time at Em and Werner's wedding. Who wouldnt have a great time? A ten course Chinese dinner; My brother-in-law as the DJ; All of Dot's friends from UB* and of course Open Bar! The open bar made the headlines. Our friend Dave (Nappy) went to the dancefloor with a drink in hand and spilled half of it on Dot's dress. Thank goodness for club soda and a blow dryer. Em changed dresses 4 times last night from wedding gown to traditional chinese to 2 night gowns. Man, this is where Cher got the idea for her concerts. No drinks on Ems clothes though. After Dot's incident, Billy (brother-in-law) announced through the PA that there will be no more drinking on the dancefloor. The tea ceremony was a tear jerker. Emily had tears in her eyes when she received the traditional red envelope from her mother. Was it the amount? Only Em and Werner know. Going off for now, The Sopranos are showing again on HBO2. More to come NET

 (the) NEW GUY "NELL" is void because it's already been used! Vince does enough recycling already!! BTW, when I took the quiz, I got Vern, too!! Brian got Doug which is really ironic because we both HATE Doug! The new season has already started and there's a whole bunch of new designers!

 NELL Wow a quiz about my favorite t.v. show! And I am Vern, I love Vern! take the urlLink which one of the trading spaces cast are you? quiz!

 ELECTION Hi Tita Jo, It's nice to see you blogging with us. I see you're doing a lot of partying with your friends. Please send them my regards. BTW, how's Pogi? I just realized I was too busy going out with Ching and doing all the wedding preparation that I didn't even take as many pictures with you & Pogi at your house. I also wanted to show my mom what a great job you and Tito Rico did on your basement. Anyhow, hope things are going well with you. If you have time, please come and visit me here in Frisco with Ching and Brian! Hey Daf, I love all those Doris Day and Rock Hudson movies! I used to watch them a lot with my grandma. She was very enamored by him. I like those old movies coz they were very simple yet funny. :)

 SPY GAME Hi Guys, okay you all seem to have lots of fun -blogging --- I want in. So today Ching and Brian calls and says they are coming over to bring me their picture cds, and I was oh oh okay???? It's like I always love to have them come over when they can but today I was on off bed, because I came home early like 5:am this morning from last nights party at Espers (Tejano) Pia has met her.

 SEND ME NO FLOWERS Doris Day, Rock Hudson, Tony Randall. 'Twas a simpler time, everyone kept their clothes on, no one had skeletons in the closet (poor Rock), girls just dreamed of marriage, which equaled life happily ever after. Kim LOVES these movies. I find them wholly irrelevant, but I DO love Kim, so watch them we do... My vacation starts today - two weeks off! Yippee! I'm flying out to Washington State, will meet up with my brother Matt, we'll be visting our stepmom, Dorothy, and help settle Dad's estate. He died last year, and, we imagine, left everything to Dorothy, but she had mementos, clothes, and the like to pass along. She lives on the Olympic Peninsula, which is my favorite place in the whole world - mountains, rivers, lakes, rain forests, and the ocean all within an hour - rarely colder than 40 or hotter than 80, and, though most of the peninsula is rainy, she's in a town, Sequim, that only gets 18 inches annual rainfall - they even have to irrigate the farms. I'll also be meeting up with my son Andy, his new bride Sarah, and their son Wesley. I bought their tickets (don't believe the ads - urlLink Travelocity came up way cheaper than urlLink Hotwire ). Ching knows a bit of the urlLink Andy story - anyhow, we're trying to put the past behind us and be a family. We had dinner this past Monday, and I finally got to meet Wesley, first time since he came home from the hospital over two years ago. Dinner went well, we're all hoping things keep going smoothly. The Washington trip is only 5 days - the rest's going to be around Michigan - I still have class, but maybe Kim and I can get away for a few days. That would be nice. Oh, and Net - you have to go back and fix your recycle - has to start with Y and end with S. I imagine this game will get a lot harder down the road when we've used up a bunch of the movies we all know.

 The Others I must be good to the environment. Doh! Strike two! I have to say Robert Plant aged like a fine wine. Maybe its all those collonics he had in the 90's Hope to have less to come.... NET

 VOLCANO Hey All! I don't have anything specific to blog about. I just wanted to wish everyone a HAPPY WEEKEND!

 EDTV urlLink You're RECYCLING again, Vince!!

 THE SONG REMAINS THE SAME I love urlLink Zep , but this is 2 hours of fingernails on a chalkboard for me. The guys were WAY too high, out of tune, and that sweaty-70's-rocker look has not aged well. Of course, neither have they. Thanks to Net for being a good sport. George Romero IS way cool.

 YOUNG GUNS Changed it.. read down to my previous POST. More to come... NET

 DRIVING MISS DAISY Sounds good to me!

 ED WOOD Strange, strange, strange... We watched one of Ed's sci-fi flicks first (Plan 9 from Outer Space?), THEN watched this. Very surreal. Too bad Ed never made enough to afford a shrink. I think Net has to replace his title with another "N" that ends in "D", since Pia built on it already. Can we get a ruling, Ching?

 DR. DOOLITTLE Hey Ching! I got the picture cd yesterday! Thanks! The pictures looked great! It's too bad we didn't have too many pictures together or atleast with your bridesmaids :( Anyhow, I love your hair in your honeymoon pictures! Who braided your hair?

 Hey NET! No urlLink recycling!

 Nightmare on Elmstreet 5: The Dream Child Okay guys, I still love urlLink George A. Romero even though I had to change the movie I poster since it was a recycle. Man I have to keep up with this blog set. Anyhoot, horror movie genres takes me back being a teen in urlLink NEWTOWN High School. As I was chatting to Ching about it, I mentioned that I am a big fan of horror flicks. When I was a teenager, I took a class on movie making and made an attempt at making a horror flick for my final. It ended up being a comedic spoof according to the reviews of my peers! My teacher offered me a free class in movie making course had I applied to St. Johns University. Sad to say, I lost the reels during my move back to Queens. Speaking of nightmares, if any of you use Windows XP there is a service urlLink pack that has been released. It fixes a major problem in the directories that will prevent a hacker from deleting important files on your system directory. urlLink LEOVILLE , has intructions on it. Let your friends know about it. Some of you might have trouble downloading the service pack since it is larger than 2 Mb. LEOVILLE has a quick fix but remember this only affects users that have upgraded to XP. If you have Win 98 or Windows ME you are still safe. more to come. NET

 EVOLUTION I'm actually looking forward to my next haircut in a month or so.. I'm digging Reese's new do in Sweet Home Alabama . I'm going to ask Man to cut my hair that way! What do you think? P.S. Pictures of Felix, my new baby kitty, coming soon!

 Sleepless in Seattle Reality Bites is one of my favorite movies! I love Wynona Rider (before her whole stealing scandal) and I also love the soundtrack. Anyhow Ching, you've got a new cat?! How cute! You need to take a photo and send it to me! I wanna see :) BTW, nice hair cut. I can't believe you chopped off all your hair! It was super long already.

 REALITY BITES Traditionally, the groom's parents pay for the tuxes.. But if both the bride and groom are financially independent and are not anticipating any assistance from their parents then the groom takes care of the tux bill. Or the bride and groom together.. But this is 2002. I guess the person who can afford it pays.

 urlLink LIAR LIAR Drove down to Brooklyn yesterday. Aside from being home of the Dodgers before they moved to Los Angeles. It is also home for Em and Werner. Dot's friends since she was a freshman at U.B.* Anyway, we picked them up and all of us drove to New Jersey to make adjustments to Em's wedding dress at urlLink MarryMeWedding Wedding Palace . Em tried the extravagant gown which needed some hemming. We took video shoots of it and Werner promises to convert it to digital format for internet viewing. Hope to upload it to my briefcase soon. Anyhoot, the trip came without controversy. Em caught me and Werner talking about his bachelor romps and she overheard him talking to me about having his groomsmen only paying for half of their tux rentals. According to Werner, he had the groomsmen try on the tuxes three weeks ago. Werner also added that in his whims of the vernacular, he offered to pay for half of the cost of the men's rentals - unbeknownst to Em who overheard us talking about this. Now that the secret is out Em needed a word with Werner. Apparently, Em and Werner's budget did not inclued the cost of the tuxedo rentals which is normally paid for by each groomsman. ~sigh. In the mean time, I snuck out of the gown area at MMW and into the alcove where Dot walk to once she heard the commotion between Em and Werner. Dot jokingly asked me if Werner was going to pay for her gown too since she was the Maid of Honor. I shrugged my shoulders in response. I was glad that the confrontation did not turn ugly. Em and Werner made up and now the question comes to mind. How are the groomsmen going to pay for their tuxes? Oh did I mention that MarryMe Wedding Palace is owned by Dorothy's Aunt? More to come.... NET

 YOU'VE GOT MAIL Watched Queen of the Damned yesterday.. Not as bad a everyone said it was. Not as good as I expected it to be either. Spent the day hanging out with Jen. But first, Brian and I took our two cats to the vet.. Oh, yeah! I haven't told you guys yet. Brian finally broke down and got me a kitten! It's all black & super-cute! His name is Felix. We took Felix and Hobbie to the vet yesterday.. Then Brian went off to work and I stayed home with the full intention of veggin' out. Jen calls me up to have lunch with her so I find myself getting up to go to Applebee's. I buy lunch to bring to Brian for a mid-afternoon snack. After lunch, Jen and I go to Planet Hair for my much-needed haircut. My waist-length hair has been reduced to above the shoulders.. It's a modified bob.. Very much like the hairstyle that I had when I was a senior in high school. Brings back memories.. Anyhow, we go shopping at the mall. I took Jen to A&F and to Hollister Co. next door.. Redeemed my Express coupon.. Got some Orange Julius, etc. After that we came back home to try on our finds. Jen wanted to watch Legally Blonde one of my all-time favorite movies (I love Reese Witherspoon -- I can't wait until Sweet Home Alabama is released!). We load it on the DVD and watch.. We wait for Brian to get home from work. Dinner was at mom and dad's: porkchops & leftover sinigang. Yum! Did some karaoke on the "magic mic." Watched the US Open women's finals.. This morning we had brunch with Brian's family at Legends.. Good food! It's his mom's birthday tomorrow.. Anyway, we're going to go see Swim Fan later tonight with Kevin and Stephanie. That should be good. On Wednesday we get our Road Runner -- yippee!! I'm so excited I don't think I'll be able to sleep for the next three days!

 ROCKY The movie that started it all. I never got it - Stallone's lame, Talia Shire's worse. Some good scenes - especially the meat locker scene - and Burgess Meredith is good as a caricature of a grizzled old trainer, but really left me cold. Sequels were even worse. Thanks for the encouragement, Net. My Tuesdays and Wednesdays are shot for the next 3-4 months! I roll home 12 or 1am. I'm really dragging butt this morning! I agree, GREEN MILE was excellent! Very powerful visuals. I kinda saw the "Jesus" character as more a force of nature (I think Hanks even used that line) than as Christ-like, but sometimes I'm too literal in my interpretations.

 TWISTER I appaud you Daf! I want to go back and get my graduate degree too! =( Cant find any time right now though. My sister is a teacher in the NYC Public School System. She got her graduate in Teaching. Fordam University offered her a fellowship after she graduated from Queens College. I can say I am proud of both of you and a little envious. Good luck to you and study well. In other news, they are preparing a lot of activities for 911. Gosh, it is hard to believe it has been almost a year since the attack at the Twin Towers. Sigh, I still think it just happened yesterday. The Port Authority of NY/NJ is still up in the air about what to do with the WTC site. Should they erect new buildings over the sacred ground that seems to be a burial setting now for hundreds of people? In my opinion, they should forget about building there and just put up a park and a monument. I would rather see new buildings go up around the area than inside the WTC site. This weekend, after refraining from betting on the Lottery, I bought my first MEGA Millions Lottery ($1). Results? I lost of course. Ching, you can be rest assured that I will donate some of the proceeds to GoldenSushi if I hit it. In other stories, I watched the GREEN MILE tonight with Dot. I had no idea that it was derived from a Stephen King novel! Big surprise for me. Of course once I found out I began noticing the usual corelation to King's other stories. I am talking about the Jesus Christ/God like theory where King justifies one of the characters as Jesus-like and has the power that overwhelms the other characters. Another corelation is the event of a "miracle" occuring in the story. Here it happens a few times. A very well done movie. Go rent it on urlLink NETFLIX . And Finally, for those of you who are jewish, I would like to remind you that this Friday Sept.6 is the eve of urlLink Rosh Hashannah . Please go to temple... More to come.... NET

 NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET It's all good Daf!! Young Frankenstein ends in "N" and so does Superman!!

 Wow! I've gotta work on my timing! I'm changing mine to: SUPERMAN Very well-done, light-hearted treatment of the Man o' Steel. Later sequels got stupid. Sad to see how things turned out for Christopher Reeve and Margot Kidder, though. My favorite bit - when S'man tells Lois what color her panties are.

 YOUNG FRANKENSTEIN One of the funniest movies ever made, and one of Mel Brooks' three best (along with THE PRODUCERS and BLAZING SADDLES). Blucher!!! Thanks for the kind words, you guys. Had Chorale and Organ last night - this is gonna be hard. Pia: Check out the book for Never Ending Story - excellent, especially for a translation (from German? I think...). I read it to my kids before the movie came out. One of the best book concepts ever! Ching: urlLink IMDB has a urlLink joint ventures feature: Joint Ventures Here are the titles which credit the individuals Minnie Driver (Actress) , John Cusack (Actor) Grosse Pointe Blank (1997) 7.4/10 (13530 votes) Or was that cheating?

 YOUNG GUNS I'm trying to see if I can put the webcam back on.. I kind of miss seeing myself! LOL! Anyone who wants a photo CD of the wedding & honeymoon pictures, needs to email me their mailing address -- except for Pia and Sheryll, I already have yours earmarked!

 Never Ending Story I know this is a super old movie, but I thought I'd mention it because it was my favorite when I was five. I still watch it whenever they show it on Disney Channel. :) Anyhow, I haven't seen XXX either. I heard it was pretty good. Jeff saw it with Joey while I was in Kansas for Ching's wedding. I don't like to go to the movies by myself so I guess I will just wait for it to come out on DVD. Ching, did you call me today? Sorry I missed your call. I was probably in class already when you called. Speaking of class, good luck with school Daf. :) I'm sure you'll enjoy it. :) Net, sorry to hear about your tires. Hope you'll find a cheaper place to do your car's 90,000 mile tune-up.

 X-MEN Back to normal letters we go! Yippee!! After the Fox is actually officially known as Caccia Alla Volpe (1966) where Peter Sellers plays Aldo Vanucci.. I guess we'll take After the Fox . ;-) Have you all seen XXX yet? Brian has.. He saw it the night before our wedding. I haven't, though.. Perhaps we'll rent it when it comes out on DVD rentals. High Fidelity was really good. We saw it when it came out in theaters. Thought it was hilarious! Brian loves Jack Black! I love John Cusack. He has another really good movie with Minnie Driver in it.. Here's a trivia quiz for you.. Can anyone name it? Daf, so glad to hear that you're going back to school.. I plan to go back to school, too --- someday! Good luck to you!

 xXx I don't know if that's the real spelling - that's how the local drive-in had it before they closed Labor Day. Anyhow, haven't seen it, want to, but Kim doesn't. I'm flying solo this weekend - Kim, Jess and baby are going to Virginia for a baby shower - may be a good time to take in a flick. I thought Vin Diesel was great in "The Fast and the Furious". Here's what I really wanted to post about today - Jay goes back to school! Starting at urlLink Madonna University in lovely urlLink Livonia, MI - more white people per capita than any other 100,000+ city in the country. I used to work there, 15 years ago. Apparently still what it always was... My degree will be in Church Music, may try to work it into a teaching certificate too. I have a 1982 BA in Economics from urlLink Wayne State University (a FAR more diverse place), so school this time will just be about fulfilling the major requirements. Wish me luck - I'll need it!

 Sorry - I started my post before Net posted his, so I'll respond to his now... AFTER THE FOX A Peter Sellers movie, a bit reminiscent of The Pink Panther series, but Sellers is a criminal in this one. Very funny, and Victor Mature does a brilliant portrayal of a faded cinema star in denial. Sorry to stick you guys with an "X", but there are a few...

 EAST OF EDEN Made somebody's (FHM's?) list of all-time worst movies recently. Gotta agree - the unsexiest movie about sex ever. Rosie, put something on! Please! But I really want to talk about: PICNIC, MEDICINE MAN, HIGH FIDELITY, and PECKER ... PICNIC is a 1955 movie with William Holden and Kim Novak. Kim (Ricketts, not Novak) and I were watching the tube the other night, this came on, and she got all hyped - Ooh! Ooh! I know this movie! - turns out she had never seen it, but her musical-loving bachelor brother with the string of male roommates (draw your own conclusions - his Mom's still in denial. We love him regardless.) had the soundtrack LP and used to play it all the time. She had big chunks of the dialogue memorized. Kind of a soapy movie, intense emotions, a bit overblown. Bad apple from the wrong side of the tracks wins the heart of the small town festival queen. I had never even heard of it, much less seen it, but my IMDB research showed somebody (Novak, maybe?) got an Oscar. Also had "Spiderman"'s dad, Charlie's grandpa from "Willy Wonka", Mother Superior from "The Trouble with Angels", and the lady who did the voice for the aunt with the cats in "Lady and the Tramp". MEDICINE MAN was from the same tubefest - we get some Ontario stations on clear nights, and some real interesting fare - including the Sopranos (uncut). Anyhow, this was a movie neither of us had ever heard of, but we watched. Sean Connery and Lorraine Bracco (speaking of the Sopranos - she's the shrink), 1992. He's a cancer field researcher assigned to the Amazon, she's the corporate shill who's sent to check up on him, and then chemistry takes over. VERY wll played, though Kim and I both figured out the "secret" way before the scientists did. Excellent interplay between Connery and Bracco, though. Kim's hunting down the DVD - we missed the beginning. HIGH FIDELITY was a DVD we borrowed from my niece. Music geeks in love, or something like that. Cusack is great, sort of a regular guy with (a) a passion for record collecting, and (b) a psychotic approach to dating. While a realtime breakup unfolds, he takes us back to his history of failed romances, looks up the girls to find out if he's the problem, and we bounce in and out of flashbacks while his girlf tumbles into a relationship with a graytail (Timothy Robbins), and he hooks up with Lisa Bonet (mmmm!). The best part of this whole thing though, is the record store, where his goofy sidekicks steal the show. Jack Black absolutely should have gotten a Best Supporting Actor out of this. The outtakes (I love DVDs!) had some cool moments, too. PECKER is a John Waters flick about a kid with a camera, also from my niece's collection. We watched 40 minutes and lost interest. Waters has this kind of cartoonish approach with his characters that wears real thin after a while. Too bad - I love Christina Ricci, but just couldn't watch any more.

 EVITA Went to the Sunoco garage this morning to get my tire fixed. It took in all about 15 minutes. The guy too the tire off my car then pulled the screw off and placed a red piece of rubber and poked it in the tire. Bang! Zoom! "That will be 10 dollars please" they garage owner says. I looked at my odometer to note the mileage on my car. 89890! Man, I am gonna need a tune up soon. At 90,000 miles I have to get Samantha a new timing belt and other mileage adjustments. I drove to the local urlLink Great Bear for an estimate. $495.00 for a 90,000 mile tuneup. Gulp! More to come... Net

 RUNAWAY BRIDE I forgot to tell everyone -- the articles THE, A, AN -- drop off --- otherwise, we'll have ten million movies beginning with the letter "T" -- is that cool with everyone?

 TERMINATOR Driving home from Dot's Aunt in Long Island I got a screw stuck in my tire. I wondered why my driving felt different. At first I though it was a pebble stuck on one of the tires but then everytime I hit a bump. The feel of the drive felt like something wasnt right. As I was driving around the block from my apartment, The right tire sounded like it was flat. I pulled over and looked, but it wasnt flat. After I parked my poor Samantha, I looked more closely at the tire in question. As I suspected there was something wrong. Stupid Screw! Now I have to go to the service station in the morning to get the thing taken out and have the tire plugged. ~Sigh more to come... NET

 (THE) SCORPION KING The week is almost over -- yippee!

 LAST OF THE RED HOT LOVERS James Coco. Straight from Broadway. Never saw it. Hey, Net - the correct title is "Who Framed Roger Rabbit". I think you need to find another R___T movie... Spooky story about the White Lady. My son Andy, when he was two or three, saw "blue ghosts" in our old house in Detroit. They didn't scare him, and they were around all the time. We did some research, and found out the first owner died there. His wife sold it and moved out, but may have died by the time Andy said he saw them (she sold in '79, we bought in '83, Andy turned 2 in '86). He tried to point out the ghosts to Kim, but she couldn't see them. We sold the house in '87.

 YENTL In my boyscouting days, Angelicum School let us conduct our camping at the soccer field. Then rumor started spreading amongs the troops that the field and the whole school used to be a cemetary and that the elementary building was believed to be haunted by a "White Lady". Some of us decided to investigate this phenomena so that evening we crawled out of our tents taking care that non of the ScoutMasters saw us and sneaked up to the third floor of the Elementary building. We shined our flashlights to get our bearings. It was a full moon that night so we could see shadows. Then all of a sudden it got really cold. All ten of us felt it. I looked at my friend in the eye and as I turned back towards my peers we all saw the "White Lady" floating and moving away from us. We all screamed and ran down the stairs and back to our camp site. Obviously, we awakened the ScoutMasters and they were not happy about the situation. For punishment, we were told to squat in a line up for a half hour. It made my legs cramp up but it was better that being with the white lady. We never fessed up about what we saw but for me it felt real. More to come... NET

 FREEWAY A Reese Whitherspoon B-movie.. Yes, she had some of those too! I love her anyway! BTW Vince, I fixed the Twister fiasco.. See below. Oh and did you notice that I added "A NetzLog" to the links on the right? I bet you didn't!

 THE RIGHT STUFF Ching, I already poster TWISTER on the 4th of September. Caught! =) BTW thats a VERY big JPG.. is that actual size? Dot would love it. One thing, I have been told about digital cameras is the megapixels. The higher the megapixel, the better the picture quality. Does it come in any other color besides baby blue? The new MAC Workstations arrived in my store today. I was so eager to set it up today. Customers loved the sleek grey color. Its too bad it doesnt come with a burner and a fire wire cable. I wanted to convert the dv movies from Dot's video camera into avi's. Gotta add that to my wish list this christmas. More to come... NET

 THUNDER (1983) Alright! Alright! This might have been straight to video.. Here's the synopsis: A native America named Thunder returns home only to find that his ancestral cemetary is being destroyed by construction workers. He trys to put a stop to it, but the law is not only not on his side, but he is banished from town, beaten up, and left for dead. Now he wants his revenge... The TAGBOARD actually has several purposes.. First, if you're feeling lazy and don't feel like logging into Blogger but would like to share your thoughts, you can just tag the board. Second, if you're not a member of Golden Sushi, you can still post messages on the tagboard! Third, it works like a guestbook! I'm really craving a digital camera that can go underwater with me!

 ROGER RABBIT Whats the tag board for? Isnt that why we blog? Anyway, havent been online lately. Work has made me a SLAVE and the MASTER been pay'n sum muni. I thinks meez gonna get me sum sleep. Im tired BOSS... Dog Tired.... (from Green Mile) Any members got scary stories to tell? This is the week for it.... more to come NET

 Hello all. I know that I have not been here in a long time, so I thought I would peek in and give a heart-felt hello! Well thats all the time I have for today, I'm off to work. By the way baby. I LOVE YOU!!!

 (THE) TRANSPORTER Hey, you guys have to go the urlLink Golden Sushi website and try out our new TAGBOARD quick! &nbsp;Yes, I know.. &nbsp; I am officially a sellout!

 Hi Jen - You're supposed to post with a movie name that begins with the last letter of the movie from the previous post - I covered for ya this time.

 I AM TRYING TO BREAK YOUR HEART Excellent documentary about the band Wilco. I, of course, identified with the keyboard player, not just 'cos he played keys (like me), but also his name was Jay (like me) and he talked too much (like me). Then they fired him midway through the movie. I've been thrown out of a lot of bands, too. Great movie, though - check it out if you get a chance. Great band, too - I've got their latest CD, Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, on heavy rotation. Thx to Ching & Brian for the Hallowe'en pics - we couldn't get a sitter for Grandma and had to skip the one we were invited to, so we lived vicariously through yours...

 THE NEVER ENDING STORY - I think I missed out on how this movie thing started or what it's for but there's a good one for y'alls. Also a theme for my list of current crushes. *wink*wink* The halloween party was a blast. Ching and I got the "hot sisters" compliment a couple of times. Woohoo! I got acrylic nails put on for the occasion, and I still haven't cut 'em yet. To be honest, I really actually like them. It makes it really hard to hit the right keys on the keyboard though. Ugh! I wonder how I'll be able to work tomorrow. Hmmm...

 KING AND I - Opppss again??! I can't keep up with you guys. Besides I always want to use a movie I am familiar with.

 DANTE'S PEAK Ching I got the pictures from that Halloween party that you attended. You and Jenny looked really cute. BTW, where was Brian? Was he the one wearing the Burger King Drive Thru costume? I thought that was hilarioius and original :) Anyhow, you're mom is so hilarious. She's obviously into watching Sex and the City. I never really got into watching the show for the very same reason that she had talked about. Those women were clueless! BTW, thanks for posting Hobbie and Felix's pictures. They are both adorable! P.S. Remind me not to eat any cookies given by Brian. :)

 LEGEND No.. Not writing anymore.. I wish I could write.. Just watch movies mostly.. BTW, YOU'VE GOT MAIL has already been used mom. Just got back from a costume party..

 YOU'VE GOT MAIL - he he guess this one's a no brainer. Advance HAPPY BIRTHDAY to Ching!!!! We are planning a custume party -so I guess anyone can be who ever they want to be. I have been pre advised Ching's gonna be a cat, Jenni working on a cleopatra custume as for me I will have my zebra woman outfit (courtesy of Walmart). I was catching up on my sex on the city ( I have the DVD versions of it), I watch it for the fashion side, considering these ladies live in New York. Not just that they live in New York but that they can afford to be fashionable. But all these girls can use a Dr. Phil (of the Oprah fame). They ask so many questions - I swear even I could give it straight to them. Like this Carrie character, who goes out with a Mr. Big, everything good from her point of view but all you have to do is turn it the other way because if you look at this from his vantage point, he is not even interested in introducing her to his mother, after 2 years of going out. Fast forward and he ends up marrying a very pretty tall woman he met in Paris (young 25) because take note these ladies from New are 30 something. They think they are so smart (I say naive). Fast forward some more (7 months after his marriage) he calls her, (drunk) says he is not happy, bumps into her (by accident) says leaving his wife (drunk??) and she tortures herself, finds herself in bed with him again. Tells him "we should not be doing this", he asks why??? girl unable to answer. I answered for her. Because it makes her feel like shit!!!! On the other hand, as Mr Big the answer would be -but it makes me feel good and powerful. And why would you Miss Carrie make a Mr Big feel that way when you have equal power to find a man who can make you feel as a woman good and powerful yourself... Yada, yada yada Thanks to my husband Ric for giving me the DVD"s (first, second and third season). I enjoy them immensely.....

 SLEEPING BEAUTY Classic Disney - gorgeous heroes and heroines, scary ugly evil villains. Every home should have this one. Her stories were great, Pia - that was how I met her. That and the rolling group novel (I stayed outta that one - way over my prosaic head). Still writing, Ching?

 GHOSTBUSTERS I know what you mean Daf. Ching is such a talented webpage designer as well as a terrific writer. She used to have an old webpage where she posted a couple of her writings. She's awesome. Ching I thought I'd give you some props! :) BTW, it was nice chatting with you and Eli last night. Whatever happened to chatting with Brian? I wasn't able to see any of the messages he posted.

 KING KONG Thank's Daf! Anybody been to see WHITE OLEANDER yet? It's actually pretty good. Below: the much awaited cat pictures!

 EVERYTHING YOU ALWAYS WANTED TO KNOW ABOUT SEX, BUT WERE AFRAID TO ASK Wildly funny Woody Allen movie (remember when he made funny movies? It's been a very long time...) based on the popular factoid book of the 60's. Best scenes: Tony Randall as a sperm, and Gene Wilder as a lover of sheep. I went to a Hallowe'en party once, dressed as his character (after the fall) - a bum with a bottle of Woolite. checked out Ching's urlLink new site - really nice. WTG, Ching! I hope, someday, I'm artistic and web-literate enough to do that.

 UP IN SMOKE Monumentally stupid. A True Classic. Ching, it's just the St. Cecilia blog, but I can host multiple blogs there. Don't know if I can transfer BBSM (that sounds bad, doesn't it?) or not, but I don't do anything fancy with that one anyhow. Anyhow, I haven't read up on the multiple blog thing yet. Should have time today - there is NOTHING happening at work.

 SOMEONE LIKE YOU How do you like blogspot plus? Are you able to use it for both your blogs or do you have to sign up for each one?

 LEAVING LAS VEGAS HAPPY ANNIVERSARY TO KIM AND DAF !!!

