 I, Garner: The Viceroy Papers by: Ron Mwangaguhunga Ah, the spoils of war. I love the smell of Tikrit in the morning ... it smells like victory. Bismark is said to have once remarked that man can neither create nor direct the stream of time. Nonsense. I, Jay Garner, Viceroy of Iraq, will govern Babylon. It is my destiny. Ever since the Kurds hoisted me upon their shoulders and proclaimed me Little boots. If only they knew. Alas, the Tigris is not conducive to surfing. Have sent Rumsfeld a memo to appoint Annie Liebowitz as my official court photographer. I am already practicing bombastic poses in the mirror. We are not going to do this imperialist thing half assed. Who says absolute power corrupts? Probably some loser. So little done, so little to do. Rummy nixed the Liebowitz idea. Thinks I should be insuring that democracy takes hold. I have decided to favor the woolen tailored suits favored by the European administrators of the nineteenth century. An Iraqi schoolboy led his class in a rousing chorus of Wagner's "Ride of the Valkyries." Damned beautiful. I have been catching up on my reading: Conrad, Eliot. I have decreed Latin to be the official language in order to break down the cultural and linguistic barriers that have divided the different regions of Iraq. I, Drusus Mosca Bismark Columbus Garner; I, Garner. As I write this I am reclining on a couch with a hookah. This is the life. I think I will declare myself Emperor tomorrow. I am now the subject of fascination for the newspaper gossip columns. The entire nation hangs on my every utterance as it should. Have decided that my job description overseeing democracy, supervising construction of schools and water distribution --is more in line with God than Emperor. A theocracy is more efficient than a democracy anyway. Our domestic staff is diligent and resourceful. Our saucier is noteworthy. Much better than the staff at the Hilton in Kuwait. Then again, back in Kuwait I was just Jay Garner. Now, I am a God. I am attended by my faithful servant Muhammad. In lieu of Annie Liebowitz, Muhammad is turning out to be an excellent photographer. He constantly raves about my greatness. Tomorrow I will oversee several shrines being erected in my honor. I, Garner. The Iraqi summer has conspired to make it so that I wear togas all day. Damned fitting, actually. Rummy and the grocery clerks at Defense have sent an errand boy to collect the bill. I think I will have some fun with him.

 Mugabe Tyrannus In the tide of death from which there is no escaping, Death in the fruitful flowering of her soul, Death in the pastures, And pestilence, a fiery demon gripping the city Sophocles, Oedipus Tyrannus Although President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe is considered an international pariah, a paleosaur from the chaotic era immediately following European colonialism, he enjoys quixotic support among prominent members of the African American community. On October 19, for instance, Mugabe appeared on WABC New Yorks Like It Is. A public affairs show, Like It Is is the longest running African American program in the United States. The interview, conducted by the shows host, Gil Noble , occurred without a single probing question asked of Zimbabwes tyrant-in-chief. Perhaps in the interest of accuracy the show ought to be called Like It Isnt? Throughout the hour long interview, Mugabe made it a point to use the first person plural when making statements regarding the commonwealth of Zimbabwe. The regime character and the person of Robert Mugabe are entwined in Mugabes odd use of the royal we. Mr. Blair and Mr. Bush -- we do not countenance any intention to interfere in the internal affairs of Zimbabwe, challenged Mugabe at one point in the interview. Later, a jocular Mugabe, prodded by Gil Noble, added, To me, (President) Bush seems to be an aggressive person. How would Robert Mugabe define aggressive? Mugabe extra legal land seizures could be considered, at the very least, politically aggressive. This week, Patrick Chinamasa , Zimbabwe's Minister of Justice, Legal and Parliamentary Affairs, seized the farm of Richard and Cathy Yates after forcing them to leave; the crime: the Yates are white. (Zimbabwe seizes) land because the British were intransigent the Blair regime wouldnt listen to our plea, said Mugabe, defending the policy. The land seizure issue has its roots in an August 1994 shift in policy, at the time Mugabe abandoned racial tolerance and announced that the government would no longer follow a policy of reconciliation between Zimbabwe and Europeans. The land seizure of the Yates property is not an anomalous: this past February, Peter Baker, another white farmer, refused to vacate his farm, Rocklands, and successfully challenged the seizure in court. Without any legal grounds, however, the Zimbabwe police went looking for him, forcing Baker to go into hiding for two months. When Baker returned, his farm was destroyed. There are approximately 100,000 displaced farm workers as a result of Mugabes quixotic land reform program. Before Mugabe they had jobs and got along fairly well with the white farmers, despite the massive postcolonial gap between rich and poor. The tyrant, wrote the late philosopher Seth Benardete , is the true believer in the lie of the city stripped of everything that makes it noble and good. (Seth Benardete, Socrates second Sailing, On Platos Republic) Zimbabwe is the most HIV infected country in the world -- about a quarter of the adult population is HIV positive. In many urban areas, infection runs to 40% and the army, those numbers runs closer to 80%. If risk levels of AIDS in Zimbabwe remain the same, by 2015, AIDS will have caused the death of almost 52 percent of all boys who now are 15 years old in Zimbabwe, according to the United Nation's AIDS Programme in its latest population report. Zimbabwe is also facing a massive food crisis. Refugees International warns: the consequence will be a severe food shortage for 5 million Zimbabweans - nearly half the population - between now and the next harvest season in April 2004." Important crops like corn and tobacco production has shrunk by 50 percent. To top it all off, Life expectancy in Zimbabwe is poised to fall to 38 years. Predictably, Mugabe, 79, denies mismanaging the country and in turn accuses local and foreign opponents of sabotaging Zimbabwe's economy to punish his government for seizure of white-owned commercial farms for landless blacks. Ironically enough, the Shakespeare Theatres 2001-2002 season included productions of The Oedipus Plays in Zimbabwe as part of a cultural exchange. At that time, the play incorporated elements of Ancient Africa, with African-American actors, costumes, and dances. The idea of having this particular Greek tragedy performed in Zimbabwe is fascinating, considering the tyrant Robert Gabriel Mugabes uncomfortable similarities to Oedipus Rex. The roots of Zimbabwes massive structural problems are, like Sophoclean Thebes, embedded in the person of Mugabe. On October 20, 2003, The Herald (South Africa) reported that, Nearly all government and quasi-government departments, as well as the public transport sector, had been paralysed as the state fuel supply company had run dry, the state press reported (this) weekend. Mugabes Zimbabwe is plagued like Sophoclean Thebes. And like Oedipus , Mugabe is a sociopath who has squandered the public trust. Zimbabwes bleak social reality is the private desires of Robert Mugabe: Zimbabwe is a mirror of Mugabe. The US is ready to assist in the transitional process in Zimbabwe. Writing in an Op Ed piece in the New York Times in June, Secretary of State Colin Powell called on countries in the region to overthrow President Robert Gabriel Mugabe: A brave man recently met with me and described how life in his country has become unbearable. There is too much fear in the country, fear of the unknown and fear of the known consequences if we act or speak out, explained Pius Ncube, the Roman Catholic archbishop of Bulawayo, Zimbabwe. Yet Archbishop Ncube speaks out fearlessly about the terrible human rights conditions in Zimbabwe, and is threatened almost every day with detention or worse. For hundreds of thousands of Zimbabweans, the worst has already come. Millions of people are desperately hungry because the country's once-thriving agricultural sector collapsed last year after President Robert Mugabe confiscated commercial farms, supposedly for the benefit of poor blacks. But his cynical land reform program has chiefly benefited idle party hacks and stalwarts, not landless peasants. As a result, much of Zimbabwe's most productive land is now occupied by loyalists of the ruling ZANU-PF party, military officers, or their wives and friends. And what was the tyrants response to the Secretary of State? (Powell ) should have spoken about the corruption of his own government, Mugabe told Gil Noble, smiling, seemingly pleased at his own outrageousness. It is a rare opportunity to talk to an African head of state, said ABC TVs Gil Noble, with just a touch of hubris, in conclusion. Now if only the people of Zimbabwe could conclude the tyrannical reign of Robert Mugabe.

 Time seemed to stand still in 1999 when Brandi Chastain tore off her shirt, exposing a sportsbra, after her World Cup winning goal. Now, four years later, with the future of womens soccer in doubt with the demise of the WUSA and FIFAs money troubles that revolution appears to have stalled. Welcome to America, the hypermasculine. NASCAR dads, the pollsters tell us, have supplanted soccer moms as the nations cultural barometer. Ubermensch and Governor-elect Arnold Shwartzenegger appears to have read the zeigeist well, simultaneously projecting willpower, decision and action. Beer and babe magazine Maxim 1.5 million subscribers strong is a rare media success in this lackluster economy. Even Halle Berry, Oscar award winning Best actress, dons a bikini and boxing gloves for the cover of this months FHM. Katherine Hepburn is quietly spinning in her grave. Say what you will about President Bush he never needed Naomi Wolf to teach him how to be an alpha male. Surrounded by hypermasculine types like Princeton wrestling sensation Donald Rumsfeld, a man who takes the combative stance of the warrior to a whole new level during press briefings, President Bush, like Arnold, is a mirror of his age. The image of hypermasculine George Bush in the orange flight suit on the deck of the Navy carrier is seared onto the popular consciousness. Gone are the days of the velvety voiced George Stephanopoulos anxiety attack rashes in the West Wing; gone are the days of former ballet dancer Rahm Emmanuel defending the President on television. Welcome to America, the hypermasculine. Even the Democrats instinctively seem to accept the fact that the paradigm has shifted. Front runners General Wesley Clark, a warrior, and the super-aggressive Howard Dean, are perceived as the partys best hope at defeating the President. Treason, Ann Coulters extended love letter to the masculine qualities of Joe McCarthy, is flying off the shelves. Our excess national testosterone has even seeped over into Hollywood, of all places. Extreme renderings of the Trojan War and the conquests of Alexander are currently in production. We are the most powerful nation in the history of the world, the zeitgeist appears to be saying lets act like it! The American image of the masculine has changed. The slim and patrician Uncle Sam is now buff, drives an SUV, and has 50 Cent blaring on the radio. September 11, in many ways, transformed us into a warrior culture, and the War on terrorism influences all aspects of our society. Firemen, rather than movie stars or athletes, are considered role models, for instance. Working class soldiers returning for shore leave last Memorial Day weekend were greeted in New York like rock stars by leggy Manolo Blahnik-clad urbane Sex and the City types. When was the last time that happened? Award-winning WWII historian Paul Fussells new book, The Boys Crusade" sums up things nicely, saying, there has been a return, especially in popular culture, to military romanticism, which, if not implying that war is really good for you, does suggest that it contains desirable elements. There is a significant reason that Senator Clinton opted out of a Presidential run to focus on her constituents and, tellingly, a committee appointment at Armed Services. Female virtues of nurturance, empathy, compassion, self-sacrifice, kindness, are, for the moment, on the wane. Welcome to America, the hypermasculine.

 David Brooks and Manolo Blahniks For a conservative David Brooks is a different kettle of fish altogether. He is a sociologist who tries to be fair. Brooks also is fascinated by the breakdowns of the "blue" and "red" states during the election of 2000. For example, do you know that in Red states, you can usually find a breakfast for under $3? Well in todays NY Times columns, Brooks oh-so-subtly gets us Blue staters for knowing what Manolo Blahniks are. He does this by way of praising the salt of the earth values of Iowans and, ever-so-subtly hinting a very humid future residence in Dante's Inferno for us Godless urbanites. Deliver us from Prada . urlLink Vintage Brooks !

 Where In The City Is P Diddy? Is it just Shadenfreude to want to see this man earn his hundreds of millions in "pain," and "sweat," like Debbie Allen said in Fame ? I want an up to the minute broadcast of P Diddy running the NYC Marathon. Around Mile 23 things should be, as Sean Penn said about his fact finding tour of Iraq: "very, very interesting." If Diddy makes it, I promise to take back every snarky playa hating comment I ever threw his way. Except about the cheesecake from junior's comment on Making of the Band. That crossed the line.

 What's It Like Trying To Make It in NYC? I get asked this a lot, mostly by college friends, mostly by email. I guess I would day that two things above all else are important: 1) To do something original and exceptional in your profession, and 2) get properly attributed for it in the press. The very cool Ivy Supersonic outfitted Pam Anderson and Kelly Ripa with these very hip rock star hats for yesterday's Regis and Kelly Show , but alas, both Access Hollywood and the NY Post (I have nothing but love for you guys) ran photos and footage, but did not attribute the credit to Ivy, whose hip styles could have used the boost. So, for what it matters, Ivy, this space is behind you. Someday when Ivy's bigger than Donatella she can laugh at this. Cheers, Ms. Supersonic.

 No Comment Necessary From urlLink David Brock's Blinded By The Right , page 25: "The dominant figure at the (Washington) Times was the editor in chief, Arnaud de Borchgrave , Newsweek's former chief of foreign correspondents ... the son of a Belgian Count, and the husband of a much younger, porcelain-skinned wife, Alexandra , an accomplished photographer and the great grandaughter of the esteemed book publisher Henry Villard , Arnaud was culturally about as far as one could get from Bible Belt fundamentalism ... (he) could occasionally be glimpsed doing early morning push-ups in his underwear in his office, or sunning himself with a foil reflector in the bureau adjacent to the Times building, maintaining a perpetual orange glow."

 And I Like K Street I am pretty sure that I am the only one outside of DC that likes K Street . I have not met a single fan in the New York area. I will give you that the story is loose and could be tightened up; I will also concede that there are too many tentative moments, "hrmmphing" and "hahhing," especially from Mary McCormack and Roger G. Smith . Finally, yes, it is the revolving reality cast of stars and politicians that draws me in. And, no, I would not break off a dinner date to watch K Street at the appointed hour, I would, however, consult Mssr. Tivo on the matter.

 A Short Defense of Michael Wolff I thought Stephen Metcalf's urlLink brutal Observer Book review -- and I don't think I am going overboard in saying it -- was more about Michael Wolff than the book he wrote. One line in particular kind of pissed me off. It purports to unravel Wolff's entire philosophy of life at one sitting: "Messrs. Diller and Murdoch are at the top. Poets are at the bottom. (Mr. Wolff makes a big deal out of his status as a parent. One wonders what its like to grow up in a household where the prevailing sentiment is, 'What clear-eyed person would want to be a poet?') In between lies everyone Mr. Wolff condescends to. 'I had to summon my energy to want to talk to them.'" Well, I consider the Bloggers the poets of the media world -- we are certainly not Barry Diller. We of the creative and fertile mind waiting to get a shot at the big leagues, Elizabeth Spiers is our patron saint. Michael Wolff has always answered my emails and showed me the highest respect over the years. Metcalf's article struck me as pretty personal for a book review, even in the snarky precincts of the New York media game. Stephen Metcalf's feelings towards Wolff's style interfered in his review.

 "Diana Vreeland Loved Soul Train" Which high powered Conde Nast editor wrote this? Note: I've never met him (hint, hint), but I like this author much: "I earned my Masters degree in French literature in the Spring of 1972. My topic was the pivotal role played by all the fabulous, exotic North African women in the world of poet Charles Baudelaire and painter Eugene Delacroix . My thesis was based on the whole sense of importance of Africa to the conception of Orientalism as it influenced art and literature in Nineteenth Century France, a topic in which I have a keen interest. Delacroix's Les Femmes d'Algiers featured prominently, as did Flaubert's Salambo. I truly loved writing my Master's thesis, and although I still yearned for the world of fashion, I moved on to pursuing my doctorate without hesistation." Can you guess who wrote this? One more clue: "You see ( Diana) Vreeland loved black culture. She loved the Saturday Morning Dance Show Soul Train ; my grandmother cared nothing for it ... she went hog wild over every manifestation of black style. It all began, I think, with Josephine Baker, who truly was one of the most stylish women to ever walk this planet. Mrs. Vreeland loved to tell the story of watching a movie one night in the balcony of a Paris cinema back in the 30s. She had her elbows on the armrests and was intently watching this film, when all of a sudden, one of the armrests moved . She turned to see what was going on and found out that she had been resting her elbow not on the arm of a seat, but on the head of Josephine Baker's pet cheetah, and that both the magnificent cat and its magnificent owner were now getting up to leave. Mrs. Vreeland watched speechlessly as the cheetah padded in a stately fashion up the aisle of the theater, Josephine Baker walking regally behind, wearing a daring, bias-cut Vionnet dress with no underwear on underneath." If you guessed that this is urlLink the wonderful Andre Leon Talley's ALT , then give yourself a pat on the back. Basta!

 When Did Rolling Stone Magazine Jump the Shark? I am of two minds on the subject. First, May 3, 1998, to me, was the day the music died. Rolling Stone Magazine, the embodiment of hip counterculture colluded with the Giuliani adminitration as a corporate sponsor for "Family Day" to displace the Million Marijuana March from Washington Square Park. urlLink No lie . Also: putting April Lavigne on the cover of March 2003 was a very sad reminder that even though the music has died at Rolling Stone, the stink is still around. When precisely do you think RS Jumped the Shark? Send emails to papermag@yahoo.com

 Turning Republican Is Good For Your Career! We all know Republicans make more money than liberals, but now actually turning Republican might also be good for your career. Witness: Dennis Miller . Miller is moderately funny in a sort of very-near-nervous-breakdown kind of way. For years he has been trying to find his niche in Hollywood: He cannot act (Miller has always been frank about why he could not do skits on SNL), he isn't very compelling as a talk show host, and his comedy, well, to be fair: it's just not the type of comedy that assaults you, like, say, Bernie Macs does. Miller's comedy sort of lets you smirk at your own smartness for knowing the arcana he throws at you at the speed of a moderately challenging game of Trivial Pursuit. Let's Face the Music in a very VH1 type of Leif Garrett-level frankness, Dennis Miller was one Call AT&T commercial away from being Chevy Chase . Or Carrot Top . Miller himself might characterize his plight in that manner. But lo and behold, urlLink one time Ross Perot supporter Dennis Miller, fell in line behind the Republicans using the time worn cliche ("Let's face it, 9/11 changed everything")and chucked any sense of principle behind him and c'est goddam good, non? Miller is now living large on the Republican dime. He is on urlLink Fox Tv's Boston Public . Miller is also a commentator for Fox tv, and now urlLink CNBC wants a piece of him . Dennis Miller is like the prettiest girl in school fending offers from all the jocks. But does anyone really believe that a former Perot operative is now so Republican that he is willing to run for the Senate? His principles are reversed 180 degrees in a couple of years? He had a Paul in Damascus moment? Yeah, and I've got some Brooklyn Bridge property to sell you. Forget turning Japanese, turn Republican!

 Tommy Mottola: Alive and Well This morning I ran into Tommy Mottola , or, rather, he did me a favor. No, no, no he didn't get me a recording deal or a meeting with Jane Rosenthal of Tribeca Films; rather, urlLink Tommy Supersized my fries for me at McDonald's . Thanks, Tommy!

 At What Point Will Dave Letterman Concede Defeat? Granted, if you go in for late night television, and I don't, David Letterman is the smarter, edgier comedian than Jay Leno . That having been said, Jay Leno is really kicking David Letterman's ass. No one denies it: urlLink the numbers speak for themselves . Middle America likes the friendly and untaxing and accessible Leno over the conflicted and angsty Dave. So, now that the battle is pretty much decided and costing CBS quite a bit of change to remain at number two, at what point does the Tiffany Network either: a) concede defeat and go home and try another attack, or, b) keep throwing money down a moderately successful business model in the hopes that Dave will hold on to young men -- a desireable demographic, or c) kick things up a notch and really compete with Leno. If c) is the option, my Tivo is at the ready.

 Whatever Happened to Phoebe Eaton? The astonishingly pretty Linda Evangelista look alike superhottie Phoebe Eaton , it appears, has been involved in The United States-Japan Foundation Media Fellows Program for 2002-2003. According to the urlLink Japan Society site : "Given her professional work with magazines in the U.S., Eaton will examine the magazine industry in Japan, and to satisfy her interest in crime, will look into the world of yakuza." That sounds fascinating.

 Why George Stephanopoulos will Fail at ABC Not since Attilla the Hun's aggressive campaign against the Roman Empire has anyone been so audacious and bold as George Stephaopoulos' very public transformation from the creepy giggling elf behind James Carville's Cajun strategist routine into a respected network news correspondent, or, as they say in the biz a "Wise Man." Imagine the thumos involved (George would appreciate the Greek philosophical reference) to think that you can go from the "the mouthpiece that turned" of the Clinton Years to Cronkite or Eric Sevareid , if you will, without paying the requisite dues. One wonders whether the appropriate response is to applaud or to be appalled at the cheek displayed. ABC TV was driven by a felt need to make a sexier broadcast -- they just were; they saw their line up of Sam Donaldson and Cokie Roberts -- a conservative tea party with no breaking scoops and little eye candy -- and thought, this is the formula for perpetual third place . ABC needed to bring a bull into the proverbial China Shop. In third place there is little room for failure. So: here comes velvety voiced squeaky clean metrosexual George Stephanopoulos, a yummy treat for the 20 and 30something Manolo Blahnik set, but, like Phil Donahue , not very popular with men. But Young Stephanopoulos is smart and certainly charming in a Conte Baldassare Castiglione's Book of the Cortier kind of way, not unlike Daniel Patrick Moynihan and H. Carl McCall a generation or two previous -- smart attractive men with a bold future ahead, and all that. Soon Cokie and Sam were exiting stage center, George Will's air time was curtailed, and that creepy looking reptilian Fareed Zakaria was given a short segment as counterpoint to Young Stephanopoulos. So George is alone in an ideal situation with utmost control on Sunday Morning. Yet he is still in third. George Stephanopoulos is behing Bob Schieffer , and, to be frank here, to get your ass kicked by Bob Schieffer is quite a feat. Why is this thus ? The answer is so simple it is plainly in the face of the suits, but because of their training they can not and will not see it. The answer is idealistic rather than the pragmatic and bottom line orientation of the typical ABC News suit: George Steph can not be accepted as a "Wise Man," at least not for a while, because he is too protean, too untrustworty, too "European" in character. Stephanopoulos may indeed be Conte Baldassare Castiglione's ideal courtier, able to charm Clinton and Taki Theodocrapolos as well as the buxom Bebe Newirth , but the American viewer will not tune in to a Wise Man lacking in gravitas and solid character. If we were an ancient culture like, say, France George Stephanopoulos would be accepted as an eminent talking head and intellectual, he might even be President. But we are America, not France, and, not to sound too much like Chris Matthews , a man who has his finger on the pulse of America, we like straightforward and natural people with the gravitas of conviction and loyalty. George Stephanopoulos has exhibited little or none of that in his adult life. George Stephanopoulos may one day pay his dues and become a man of gravitas like Tim Russert (think: Moynihan , Buffallo, NY rustic principles, family man, Roman Catholic, "working class") or Chris Matthews (Peace Corps in Africa, Tip O'Niell , Catholic, "working class", centrist, appalled by Clinton's moral failings, family man). But to paraphrase Rose Tremain's glorious refrain in Restoration for her mercurial character Sir Merivel , "(George Stephaopoulos) is not yet the man he will become." And, whe he finally does complete that process, what an interesting person -- in politics and as a world commentator will be the man in full George Stephanopoulos.

 urlLink Matt Lauer Did Cocaine in the 80s Who cares?

 But What I Really Want To Do Is Executive Produce ... Whatever happened to wanting to be a writer and creator of an HBO Show? Okay, fine, there is a certain coolness about Executive Producing , like, say, the great Michael Hirschorn does at VH1 on those X Generation nostalgia shows. Even Sandra Bulloch is in on the act with George Lopez . Then, of course, there are Courtney Cox and David Arquette and their design-fashion show. (BTW Was that Courtney Cox on the cover of Town and Country ? Has Cafe Society morphed into the Jet Set? Yes, alas, I trace the exact moment when John Travolta occupied the cover story talking about his gaudy planes and not, say, Dina Merrill talking about the roses she grows in Newport, Rhode Island or Harry Bellafonte on the Harlem Rennaissance .) And then there was Graydon Carter's The Kid Stays In The Picture that started off the madness. First the End of Irony and now Executive Production mania! Do we blame Canada for this? Now, it appears, everyone wants to Executive Produce. Steven Soderberg of K Street, etc, etc, Will and Jada Pinkett Smith , Tom Cruise Executive Produced his ex wife Nicole Kidman in The Others and Rita Wilson exec produced My Big Fat Greek Wedding. You know what they say: a family that Executive Produces together .... But what happened to wanting to Direct? When did that all of a sudden become uncool? BTW: urlLink Fellini retrospective at the Guggenheim ; anyone who knows me knows that Mwangaguhunga loves to get his Fellini on .

 We Want Musto! Never mincing words, The Village Voice's superstar Michael Musto breaks glass ... Stephen Glass . "Stephen Glassthe motherfucking scumbag journalist who made up stories for The New Republic doesn't deserve such a solid biopic as Shattered Glass, but he's gotten it, and that's no lie," he begins urlLink his latest La Dolce Musto.

 The Ivy League Cheers to my media bud, a real life PR princess, who has many cool celebrity friends: the great Ivy Supersonic , who is branching out into fashion. Pam Anderson wore one of her stylish hats on Live with Regis and Kelly . urlLink http://www.ivysupersonic.com Ivy, who actually knows Wyclef , emailed me about the story and the site: "This is a cool site. Someone said that the kid was in Wyclef house, I didn't want to ask him, glad that's not true. how did Clef know? he read it in the paper and contacted them?" Yes, the NY Post . I just think it is so cool that Ivy calls him Clef .

 Who Are You Anyway? I'm Ron Mwangaguhunga , son of Uganda's former diplomat to Canada, the US, and, finally, the UN, Louis Kayanda Mwangaguhunga . I was born in Kampala, Uganda , educated at the UN School , St. Johns College (Great Books) and Marlboro College (John Dewey). I worked at New York , The Nation , Paper , Silicon Alley Reporter and was Editor in Chief at MacDirectory . Currently I am working to launch an as yet untitled magazine on independent film and technology. I hope to get it off the ground by February 2004 . My work has appeared in the urlLink NY Press and urlLink National Review Online -- I'm not as liberal as most of my friends think --and I can die now happily because Richard Johnson mentioned me in Page Six a few years ago. There, now you know.

 Graydon Carter's Editor's Letter My Conservative friends will accuse me of kissing ass and my liberal friends will think me a traitor for sleeping with the enemy over a magazine that rarely if ever does a cover story on African Americans, but it's my blog, so I'm going to defend Graydon Carter's Editor's letter. So there. Okay, "quite probably" the letter goes beyond any editorial mandate that the Newhouses ever gave to our Canadian editor (no, I've never met him), but consider this, O skeptical reader: my old friend Christopher Hitchens , whom I used to intern under at The Nation , was the house liberal of Vanity Fair , but he supported the war. So -- I ask you -- where was Graydon supposed to get a consistent voice against the occupation of Iraq if not from the house liberal? Is Lisa Robinson going to give it to the Straussians ? Does she even really give it to Rod Stewart even? So, he did it himself and, in the process, got rid of those god awful editors letters that really serve no purpose and no one reads. Well, they read them now. Thanks to Graydon Carter, for being civilization's last line of defense ... okay ... okay, I'm disgusting even myself with this prodigious amount of ass kissing. But I do not find the highly political Editor's Letter to be the act of an ass.

 George Gurley's Vagina Monologue -- And Mine Did you read George Gurley's Vagina Monologue in the urlLink NY Observer last week? Positively lascivious. When he was not going on about non-Platonic "cavernous" spaces, he was meeting up with German porn stars in bars off Avenue A (Hey, isn't drinking at an Avenue A bar a little David Dinkins -era for the hipsters at the salmon colored weekly?) Anyway, we like Gurley, so here's our very own Vagina Monologue. Showing off our liberal arts education, my momologue comes from Machiavelli's Discorsi Sopra la Prima Deca Di Tiudo Livio, III, 6 : it concerns Caterina Sforza Riario , a great beauty of her day and a woman Machiavelli thaught of fondly, "(Some conspirators) killed Count Giordano , their lord, and took his wife and small children. Since they did not see how they could be secure if they did not become masters of the fortress, and the castellan were not willing to cede it to them, Madonna Caterina (so the Countess was called) promised the conspirators that if they let her enter it, she would deliver it over to them and they could keep the children with them as hostages. With this pledge they let her enter. As soon as she was within, she stood on the walls and berated them for the death of her husband and threatened them with every kind of revenge. And to show that she did not worry about her children, she showed them her genitals , saying she still had the means to make more of them." What an Italian woman! Machiavelli knows how to tell a story, dammit.

 A Beautiful Mind Harvey Mansfield , the William R. Kenan, Jr., Professor of Government at Harvard, a conservative political philosopher and all around genius said of Classicist Seth Benardete , "(he) was a scholar, a philosopher, and a most extraordinary man ... Before he died on November 14, 2001, at the age of seventy one, he was the most learned man alive -- and, I venture to assert, the deepest thinker as well." Having read some of his unbelievably dense and brilliant books, I emailed Professor Mansfied, "I'm curious ... Mr. Benardete didn't speak out about contemporary political events despite the fact that he dealt quite a bit in political philosophy. Would you characterize Mr. Benardete as a conservative?" Less than an hour later in my email box was Mansfield's reply, "Perhaps he was above conservatism, if such a thing is possible. HM"

 The Tina Brown Drinking Game Okay, So Maybe I'm a Little Obsessed With Tina Brown . Next time the Trio 24 Hours W/ Special Comes on, down a drink any time either Harry or Tina Brown mention, " Barry Diller ."

 An Email From James Grisham of The Hannity Show James Grisham, "Sweet Baby James", the producer of the Sean Hannity Show thoughtfully emails: "I have served in the Navy as a petty officer, and in the National Guard as a Seargent in a round out division - anti-armor was my speacialty, killing tanks. "If you did a tour of duty in the military, your blog would reflect a vastly diffrent perspective." And he has a point. I have never served in the military and the only tour of duty I experienced was as Research Editor at Silicon Alley Reporter trying to get info on moguls for the December 200 issue at the height of that Gilded Age. Although I disagree with James, I respect him greatly and hope we can just agree to disagree. Cheers, James.

 Whatever Happened to the NY Press? The NY Press used to be an interesting read -- all snarky and conservative and above all relevant -- and now it has become an Eastern European literary magazine. What happened! I once even wrote an article on The Great Books for them a la urlLink Alan Bloom . It was the anti-Village Voice, young, angry, smart and media centric; low on facts, hard on rhetoric: New York Press was the Zeitgeist, it was a dissonant more working class continuation of the Spy Magazine tradition. I miss it, god damn it. Russ Smith sold it for $2 million, but he should have taken the the great Taki Theodoropoulos made him years ago -- $5 million. urlLink The worst hangover I have ever had was after a Taki dinner party at Elaine's for sex offender Scott Ritter -- I shit you not. Only, he wasn't a child offender at the time, he was opposing Clinton and Hussein ... it's a loong story. Anyway, the last thing I remember was drinking with Taki and Chris Buckley in the back of Elaine's arguing over the Great Books ... and I woke up very, very sick. Never try to drink a Greek writer under the table. And never, I mean never , try to outdrink Christopher Hitchens ... but that's another story.

 New York Times Book Review The Fantastic Page Six recently wrote an interesting piece on what is wrong with it. The Book Review assigned a review of a Clinton trashing right wing book to the HUSBAND of Dee Dee Myers , the former Communications Director under Clinton. Are they crazy?! Do they have any sense of objectivity? The charge that institutions like the NY Times and NPR are objective about the news, or at least are moderate in view is being exploded on a daily basis by bullshit like this. Apparently this is standard practice, as the very cool David Hershkovits of Paper informs me. urlLink

 On Wyclef Jean Very quietly and with great nobility Wyclef Jean made a payment to the poor family that recently lost a child in New York. The child, forced to sleep in a bed with 4 siblings asphyxiated against the wall. His parents were too poor to afford a crib. This heartbereaking story tevidently touched Wyclef. Then again, all Haitians are good peeps. Any comments to this or any other story: papermag@yahoo.com

 On Tina Brown Has anyone else seen the Trio TV special on 24 hours in the life of our favorite status seeker Mrs. Tina Brown ? I'm fascinated by her, like almost everyone else in the NY Media circuit, but she is a strange woman. " Barry Diller !" says Brown, clearly excited that the daddy cool of business is in her living room, "Barry Diller!" she repeats, then points to the Trio camera -- very meta , that -- and not so much says but purrs, "those are yours." Meaning: she is doing the Trio Show which is from Barry's network, isn't it irnonic? "Did Barry Diller say that?" says her husband, Mr. Brown, at the party, a little later -- like, maybe eight or nine cocktails later appropos of nothing. Is Barry Diller Tina Brown's god? Clearly there is some unhealthy compulsiveness about Barry Diller in the Brown household. And, more importantly, does anyone actually buy Mr. Brown's books? Enquiring young journo minds want to know. He seemed awfully "busy" in his study researching for some other coffee table tome that no one actually puts on their coffee table. He seems to be arranging pictures and reading while the go-go Tina Brown is out conquering the world and embarassing the aristocratically dignified Candace Bergen . Anyway, I am still fascinated by Brown. But someone ought to investigate just what Harry is doing while Tina is saving the world.

 Media Quote of the Week: "There comes a point in praising when effusion overcooks and becomes effluvium, a moment when the weight and rising heat of admiring descriptions (for there is a physics of adjectives) combust into tar." Larissa MacFarquar in The New Yorker on Midge Dector's loving bio Rumsfeld .

 On the UN and the US It is now time for the US to engage the UN, to take up our destiny as leader of the world -- through the UN, playing well and cooperating with others, enforcing global peace with a premium of attention placed on our national security. The collapse of the Soviet Union left little to nothing with regards to a teleological system with which to interpret reality, which, in turn, made the outsiders of history resort to what sociologists call "networks of kin," or, blood politics, namely, the use of ethnicity, as Daniel Patrick Moynihan and Glazer predicted a generation ago, as the most cohesive argument in influencing collective action and thus accruing power. The tragedies of Rwanda and Kosovo bear witness to the dangers of basing reality on ethnicity in the global village. These three interpretations of reality, these forces capitalism, ethnicity and fundamentalism are the dominant realities for much of the planet. This tryprich hovers over the planet with the grave intensity of a cloud rendered by the British master portraitist, Gainsborough . What in particular does this menacing cumulus suggest? Of late, neoconservatives have made cavalier use of buzz words like, "civilization" and "generation," suggesting that the administration is hunkering down for a Vietnam style war in the manner of the Crusades, putting Western Man on notice. Those neo-Straussians , who have spent tortured lifetimes locked in Ivory Towers reading Plato and understanding nothing Platonic (but quite a bit Clauswitzian) are characterizing the entire Islamic world, painted broadly, as barbarians, it seems. Perennial conservative favorite Victor Davis Hanson , in his recent book, Autumn of War'' goes so far as to say Islam and the West are ''two entirely antithetical cultures.'' This is an especially narrow reading of history, especially considering that the Bushies appear congentially unable to assign blame to the Saudi Royal family -- who are the true mortal enemies of the West through the Carlyle Group . Let us hope that the ascension of Colin Powell and the relative decline in power of Rumsefeld and Scooter Libby mean that calmer heads are prevailing in the administration. If only we had gone the route of the United Nations and used the goodwill of nations surrounding 9/11 to take control of that confused but infinitely useful institution (now, though, said institution is devolving into a significant but useless artifact as a result of the teddy bearish but hugely irrelevant David Dinkinsesque leadership style of Kofi Annan ). It is sadly amusing how the Right engages in its favorite sport: Pin The Hysterical Criticisms on the UN ("It doesn't work," "The UN is only after one thang: One World Government!"). Ironically, by not participating in the UN and playing well with the other nations on this big blue marble called the planet Earth, we are in caught in a dangerous self fulfilling prophecy. Blame the UN for being ineffective in combating evil on a global scale while disregarding it will, obviously, result in a UN ineffective in combating evil on a global scale that is disregarded and resentful . The US pays the overwhelming majority of dues at Turtle Bay, and, through our international lawyers -- great minds they -- Mid Century last, influenced by the calamity of Hitler and Naziism, Fascism and Japanese Imperial expansion, basically wrote the UN Charter along with British intellectuals. In high surrealist fashion, it was the US and Britain that led the unilateralism and heartbreaking irrelevancy of the UN during what history will almost certainly refer to as the Second Persial Gulf War (2003-2003). The US could easily -- through clever diplomacy, brandished carrots, lengthy courting of our pouting but not disinterested alliesestablish dominance in the UN and reform all manner of areas that are currently, well, how does one say it? Spookily unresolved. For example, we could revolutionize the Law of the Seas committee, which my father chaired in 1979. The Law of the Seas Committee and International Law pertaining to the law of the seas, which is, in the most polite manner I can muster -- a basket case. Any pirate ship (or, increasingly a terrorist commandeered ship) can affix the flag of a rogue nation at its mast and sail, unaccosted. The September 2003 issue of the Atlantic has a spooky article by William Langewiesche on the anarchic seas and what goes on out there offshore. One could buy a flag, from, say, Mali or Nigeria, or any other rogue nation, for a pittance, and be put on their registry; incidentally, that money goes straight into the pockets of the corrupt juntas. If caught, with, say, suspect weopons, the ship and the terrorist aboard would be subject to the law of Mali or Nigeria (hah, what law?) and not, say, to a standard Law of the Sea -- there is none beyond several miles away from the coastline of a sovereign nation. Remember those North Korean scuds on their way to Yemen? They were detained briefly and then let go by US military officials. We are, to use a maritime analogy, "flatfooted" in those mighty ocean breezes which are -- spookily -- highly conducive to chemical fumes. That is the precarious position that our overstretched navy and coast guard find themselves bound -- to no uniform of enforced law of the sea. If George Bush had used the UN, moved our Superpower briskly through the musty halls of Turtle Bay, as an eagle on the world stage, we could easily have modernized those Byzantine structures at the UN set up by dozens of competing beaurocracies over the past half century, and used the resources of the navies of the world, for example, to, finally, put an end to generations of pirates (from ancient Greece, to Corsica, to Daniel Defoe to Johnny Depp's scruffy and less malevolent-looking Pirates of the Carribean) and those terrorists who increasingly frequent the anarchic oceans as their preferred routes of human slavery and other bold instances of tyranny. But NO (shakes fist at computer screen huffily)! The hillbillies, the Rumsfelds and the pasty academic Straussians with their dogeared copies of Commentary in their back pockets, pale from the fortifications of the Ivory Tower, who have spent the 80s and 90s misreading Leo Strauss wanted to go at it alone ... alone ... which, as it happens, is just what the terrorists wanted. (continues shaking fist angrily at computer screen) By Isolating the US, making us act unilaterally, making us aggressive, all the while breeding the next generation of terrorists in the madrases of Saudi Arabia and Chechnya and the "Stans" of the former Soviet Union (Uzbeki, etc) and the Sudan and Jordan and Egypt, now work through tyrants in the UN to move world opinion, incrementally, in their favor: while the Rumsfeldian crows continue to cackle "irrelevant, Old Europe". Didn't we all know that this was how this bad Operetta was going to end? With Donald Rumsfeld -- a two bit amateur wrestler at Princeton who has made a career of fighting (army, two tours of duty at the Defense Department)-- insulting Old Europe ad nauseum? It's time for Rummy to hit the showers: no more wrestling on the international stage for him. I believe that the advancement of mankind requires an appeal to a universal and international law. This road leads upwards, away from provincial concerns, towards the United States, that great experiment in post-ethnicity, which appeals to international and universal law in all its founding documents, and ultimately towards the United Nations, the Parliament of Man. Let us strengthen international Law. Pacta Sunt Servanda (pacts will be served), so that for the first time perhaps in history, since Roman Law, International pacts will be enforced by a mighty UN backed by the most powerful nation in the history of the world. Imagine the world's navies policing the oceans for pirates and terrorists, commanded by the US. Makes you sleep better at night, n'est-ce pas? It is high time for International Law to be followed and enforced. It is high time for an International Criminal Court (I have a Dream: Kissinger in ankle chains trying to charm an international tribunal for War Crimes in Chile and East Timor). It is time for the people of the world to stop clutching at kinship in blood and kinship in religion as viable systems of reality in a global world, else we continue the historical loop, caught in repeat, at war with those who are outside our kinships of blood and religion. We must realize that the only kinship that will bring harmony to the pandemonium of international affairs is a kinship and concern based on our shared planetary territory, the Earth. With global advancements in travel and communication, the landscape of the planet has shortened, leaving us with a global village, a neighborhood, in which we all either share, or proceed to corrupt en masse. No one asked for this global village, but it appears that history is asking us to respond. President George Bushs recent address to the United Nations did not back down an inch with regards to the steamrolling stance of his administration and the war in Iraq. Alas. On top of that stubbornness, the President asked the General Assembly to send troops to internationalize the affair. So, lets all get this straight: George Bush wants the world to send in troops, under the US banner, to a situation that they already fundamentally opposed. French Prime Minister Chirac, ostensibly speaking for the Chocolate making countries, says that they want Iraqs sovereignty given back to the Iraqis. The immediate aftermath of the Presidents speech is that the UN has decided to cut back on troops in Iraq. Charmed, Im sure. That appeal to Iraqi sovereignty is a brilliant passive aggressive diplomatic move on the part of Chirac. It is, on the one hand, a popular and democratic utterance made to appeal to the sentiments of the General Assembly, namely, the non-aligned Nations and those hostile to the hyper power of the US (namely, most of the world). In contrast, Imperial Administrator Paul Bremer has said recently that Iraq is not yet ready for self rule. In point of fact, it would be wholly against US national interests to give Iraq back to the Iraqis, in its current volatile state, which would automatically be a resentful enemy, if less dangerous than when Hussein was at the helm. So let us liberal and conservative Americans unite that Elvin anti-realist Dennis Kucinich notwithstanding in grave concern at the idea of allowing Iraq immediate sovereignty. President Musharaf of Pakistan has already given us a resounding no, couched in the frisky proviso that if the US sends military and intelligence aid (read: money), then they might be able to comply. Might. Of course, any such an offer would have to be reciprocated with India, Pakistans nemesis, whose troops we would also like in the mix; Egypt, too must be bribed: Egypt, which is undergoing deep internal resistance to the US and, if the Atlantic Magazine is to be believed, the Mubarak regime is on the verge of being toppled by a more radical element. Turkey is looking increasingly unhappy at further cooperation with troops, as we cannot quite match our previous bribes from before the Second Persian Gulf War. Security Council Resolution 1244, which made Kosovo a UN protectorate, increasingly appears to be the best viable option for the Iraq quagmire. UN protectorate status is, in fact, an incubation program for nations that has a remarkably high rate of success - in East Timor, for example. Despite the fact that many of the most powerful nations in the General Assembly and Security Council were against the war, now is the time to put aside petty differences. The tyrant Sadaam Hussein is gone, and order in the region is the next great obstacle facing the world. Our American troops are in a shooting gallery. On average one soldier is killed a day, and several attacks per day are sustained. The UN is also a target. The UN Mission in Baghdad was attacked, killing the great humanitarian Sergio Vieira de Mello, an architect, by the way, of the mechanisms of UN Protectorates. And the UN Mission in Iraq was attacked earlier today. Giving up the administration of Iraq to the UN would save us from the budget crunching $87 billion that George Bush asked the nation to spend. Although the UN troops would be targets of Muslim terrorists, they would be far less of a target and we would be free of the quagmire. Why are we being stubborn about Iraq? Any civilized thinker knows (that elven waif Dennis Kucinich notwithstanding) that we cannot abandon Iraq altogether, that would be contrary to our national interest. The UN wants to do this, or at least, they would accept this burden if only for the sake of relevance or humanitarian altruism. The UN would probably do a better job than the US as well because internal antagonisms towards the world legislative body are far less than against the US. The US would save tens of billions of dollars in the process. The US would regain a degree of goodwill from the nations of the world. US soldiers would be out of dangers way, to a large extent, and, finally, we would be able to rotate home those soldiers, to attend to their families. Fresh UN troops would lessen US involvement and allow new reserves to pick up where exhausted troops left off. The UN would be doing what they are good at not making constitution, as President George Bush contemptuously offered, but in incubating a nation. There is no reason for George W Bush to cling to the carcass of Iraq as if he were an apex predator unwilling to abandon his prey. The President had best turn his attentions to America and our own electric grids before lavishing those favors on Iraq. Weve done our job; Iraq is no longer a threat. Now lets leave the heavy lifting to the experts. Once the UN is recognized and empowered as the Parliament of Man by the US, then, and only then, can compassionate conservatives End trafficking in human slaves. Pass the UN resolution. Enforce this with all the armies of the world. GW and conservatives are right on the buzzer with this. Human Rights advocates will team with conservatives and the armies of the world to finally eradicate this scourge in our lifetime. Ladies and gentlemen we are the future of the world, and the UN is the framework by which the human race and the global village can advance and prosper.

 An Interview With Senator John Kerry's Hair After several frustrated attempts, we were finally granted this important historical moment. So, without further ado, we proudly present for the first time: a print interview with Senator John Kerry's hair . Interviewer: Charmed, I'm sure; why now? John Kerry's Hair (hereafter JKH): I will concede that I have been reluctant in the past, but setting the record straight is important to me. Interviewer : That, and the upcoming Democratic Party primaries. Would you care to take the opportunity to sum up your opposition? JKH : Rather than disparage the talent in the room, I'd like to state categorically that I am the best head of hair among the Democratic Presidential candidates. Interviewer : That is a bold statement. JKH : Bold times call for bold statements, my good man. Interviewer : Well, there is no denying that you are a striking coif. JKH : Even by the considerable standards of Massachusetts, which were instituted by the Kennedy family. I am the measure of all things hair. Interviewer : What about John Edwards ? In the Senate he is called " The Prell Girl ". He has impressive hair, no? JKH : (averted gaze) Well, if you go in for that sort of thing. Interviewer : What is this that we are hearing about Dick Gephardt dying his eyebrows? JKH : One hears rumors to that effect. (Unnerved) Look, what about me? Interviewer : Sorry. So, tell us: what are your secrets to looking good. (confidentially) Is it Washingtonian power hairstylist Christophe ? JKH : Please. Christophe is so over. Interviewer : So tell us. JKH : You're going to laugh. Interviewer : No, that would be unprofessional. Trust me, I won't laugh. What is your secret for looking so good? JKH : Heinz Dark Brown Mustard Interviewer : Oh dear. JKH : Smeared liberally overnight, it works wonders. Also, I like to tell my constituents in Massachusetts that said mustard is just grand for use in grilled crab po' boys. Interviewer : I'm sure it is. JKH : So you see there are many political advantages to my wife, Theresa Heinz . Interviewer : Yes, I was meaning to get to that. JKH : I really am not at liberty to discuss her. Interviewer : (crestfallen) Well, okay, how about the Presidents economic stimulus plan? JKH : Can't talk about that either, old boy. I'll leave the meditations on the merits of the President's plan to help Americans earn ends meet to the Senator. My primary concern, rather, is the avoidance of split ends. Interviewer : Very well. Let's try something innocuous. What color are you? JKH : Thats not a political minefield. I am chestnut with a liberal sprinkling of dusted gray. Interviewer : Liberal , you say? JKH : A poor choice of words, in retrospect. Let's just say I am a well textured mop of dusted-grey hair. Interviewer : Are you worried about going completely gray? JKH : Pardon ? Interviewer : It's a well known fact that the rigors and the burdens of the office of the Presidency turn their resident gray within the first year. That's a fact: look at Bush and Clinton and, as we speak, George W. Are you saying that you are not aware of this fact? JKH : (hesitant) I am not unaware ... Interviewer : Well then what is your position on going prematurely gray? JKH: Ah, hair today, gone tomorrow? Interviewer : If you say so. Now ... JKH : You say that this going gray is an established fact. Interviewer : Of course. JKH : Right. Well, I'm going to have to close the lid on things. Interviewer : -- But. JKH : So good of you to drop by, but I have things to discuss with the Senator. Interviewer : Oh well. Good luck in the primaries.

 My Love Jones For Fox TV's Laurie Duhe Her legs are like twin sticks of dynamite thrown down from heaven. Her glossed lips inviting, ambrosal. I have a love jones for Fox tv's Laurie Duhe (that name BTW is highly suspect). How does someone that obscenely pretty get on tv? How am I supposed to think about War and Peace and the California fires when my heart is smouldering for Laurie Duhe ?

 Toby Young Is An Ass Toby Young blasts Tina Brown in urlLink The Telegraph today . In his missive he says of Brown, "The truth is that however hard Tina tries she can't seem to persuade the gatekeepers of media power that she is 'hot,' to use one of her own favorite yardsticks." To be frank, The Corsair has always had a bit of fun with Brown, but this is just too juicy an opportunity. The comment that Tina Brown is not 'hot' to the gatekeepers of media power could only have been made by a very out of touch chump like Toby Young, on the other side of the Atlantic. Now I have nothing against Britain, but everything against Toby Young. We met briefly at a dinner Taki Theodoropoulos at Elaine's when I was in my mid 20s. Taki introduced me to Young, who wrote for the Top Drawer section of the NY Press, back when the NY Press was relevant. I had read Young's first piece on Graydon Carter and thought it was very funny. Carter has this theory of "seven rooms" and if you make it into the seventh room you have made it, you are at the top of the status heap along with Tom Cruise and George Bush ; Toby Young made Graydon Carter appear to be a status obsessed fool. On that evening I saw that it was Toby Young himself who is a status obsessed fool. As I started to tell Young how much I liked the piece and ... slowly ... but ... surely ... Young turned away from me and looked towards the door. Finally his back was to me: conversation over. At the time I was appalled , but later realized that sometimes, at dinner parties, especially in Washington, status oriented asses will literally turn away from a conversation in search of someone "more important." As a young man at the beginning of his career, I was, I suppose, less interesting than other guests, like Michael Mailer and Christopher Buckley . Often I wonder -- l'espirit d'escalier style -- what I could have said to salvage the situation. Several years after that I got a bit of revenge. The excellent Jim Romenesko , ran a hot web site for urlLink media insiders , which is still the best at what it does. Somehow a conversation started on Toby Young, who had been fired at Vanity Fair and was being disciplined at New York Press for passing off an urban legend as a first hand experience (I told you Toby Young was an ass ). Young emailed me almost immediately. I guess either he read ny account of him or one of his friends did. He wanted to know if I was sure it was him because he kept a diary and he didn't remember the event. Oh, I was sure about the events of the evening. I even told him I remebered him as "balding." Young apologized and that was that. But now, hearing Young in London attacking Tina Brown as being unable to get through the gates of power in the US is laughable. It was Toby Young who was blacklisted in the US because of his asshole ways, at New York Press , at Vanity Fair . Tina Brown may have her faults, but she's never done anything to bring about the opprobium of an ass like Toby Young.

 What Will Sumner Redstone Do About Blockbuster? urlLink Blockbuster is in trouble. Blockbuster rents videos and DVDs in an age of TiVo, Video on Demand, 500 cable channels, and the internet. Things do not look good for Blockbuster which, at Friday's close, was trading at $18.35 a share, down 0.43%.

 K Street's Carville on Clinton In Ted Koppell's book Nightline authored with Kyle Gibson (p.400) there is an interesting excerpt from an interview with James Carville immediately after Bill Clinton was elected President: "I'm scared. I think it's a little bit like -- I'm kind of scared to see him for the first time. I mean, my only other experience has been with governors and senators. I mean, I know that once someone gets elected, the relationship changes. It's inevitable. I have no idea what it's going to be like when you see somebody as President-elect. I mean, I've never talked to a President."

 How Mort Zuckerman Beat out Lord Conrad Black In Richard Sikios' 1995 book Shades of Black he tells a compelling story of how Mort Zuckerman beat out Lord Conrad Black to buy the NY Daily News . urlLink Black eventually went on to back the urlLink New York Sun . urlLink Lord Black of Crossharbour was always a fan of the New York scene and was after an American flagship. In 1992 he met Barbara Walters at a cocktail party in London. Walters suggested to Lord Black (okay, I just like saying that) that he talk to her investment banker friend John Veronis about buying the troubled Daily News. Lord Black did and things started rolling. He assessed that the Daily News was overmanned and needed a new printing plant, but, as a businessman, approached it all from the point of view of getting a "a good deal or no deal." Enter Mortimer Zuckerman , an individual not tied to any company or justifications for his purchases. Zuckerman made his wealth in real estate and wanted "face" in the New Yorkmedia swirl after buying US News and World Report and The Atlantic . Black and Zuckerman initially talked about buying the venture together. David Radler . president of Hollinger, Black's company, told Siklos: "At one point (Zuckerman) talked, for instance, that we would switch every year who would control the editorial page." Conversations broke down and a bidding war ensued. Rupert Murdoch weighed in, unsurprisingly, on the side of fellow conservative Lord Black. "I think Conrad would be very good for the News," said Murdoch at the time,"and he'd be better still for the city." On August 17 Lord Black offered $75 million of Hollinger money and won backing of both the Board of Directors and management of the Daily News. Zuckerman won the drivers and pressmens unions. In the end Zuckerman won because he offered a more positive vision for the company as an individual buyer not linked to a corporation. Lord Black would have had to cut jobs to justify the purchase to investors in Hollinger. C'est tout!

 Daphne Merkin's Cate Blanchett Profile in the NYT Mag For quite some time Cate Blanchett has obsessed me strongly but I could never quite figure out why. I mean, Daniel Day Lewis and Meryl Streep and Liv Ullman are also lo ultimo , or the best at what they do, which is acting. But there is something more about Cate Blanchett's project, the great work of her life, than there is to the other actors. I think the key to Cate Blanchett and what makes her so haunting is Liv Ullman, who makes a brief appearance in Daphne Merkin's perceptive piece (p.78, Sunday Times) -- the most perceptive interview, incidentally, I have ever read on the mysterious subject of Cate Blanchett. Merkin mentions that Blanchett and Ullman have been talking. Apparently Blanchett is a fan of Ullman as director. Interesting. Ullman is definitely in that rarified stratosphere of world directors, after her work on Kristin Lavransdatter and Faithless , which made a strong showing in Cannes in 2000. But Ullman is more famous as perhaps the greatest female actress in the history of cinema, which, I would argue, also means that Ullman may be the greatest actor in cinema, period. Ingmar Bergman is in my opinion the greatest filmmaker in the history of cinema. That lone Victorian-Modernist voice, so full of harsh close ups, post-Christian angst, Freud , Bach and Mozart , strange civil wars, failures of communication, discordant romantic betrayals interspersed with familial comfort all served as background, in a way, to highlight Liv Ullman's historic performances. Ullman's strong work braught Ingmar's deepest feelings on human existence in the world. Bergman's pick up line on Ullman, it has been said, was "I believe that I will have a beautiful but painful tie to you for the rest of my life." Who wouldn't fall for a line like that? Of course saying that is simplifying things greatly. Max Von Sydow served as Bergman's animus even while Ullman served as his anima, but I still believe that acting in cinema in the 20th century begins and ends with the Bergman-Ullman collaborations of high modernism. But this is a blog, so forgive me if I simplify a bit. So that brings me back to Daphne Merkin's urlLink perceptive article on Cate Blanchett . Why would Merkin not draw the obvious comparisons to Blanchett, who is clearly Ullman's successor, or at least would-be-successor, in acting and not directing. Well, for one, we may be treated to Liv Ullman directing Blanchett as Nora in a film version of " A Doll's House ." When Blanchett approached Ullman as a fan of her directing, it was a courtship of sorts. And the courtship appears to have borne fruit. To a film geek like me this is big stuff. Then again, aren't we all film geeks now? Don't we all apply thought to the countless films we see -- on tv at the neighborhood bar, on TiVo, on Movies on Demand, on HBO, on DVD, at press screenings? Anyway, back to the scariness of Cate Blanchett . I have never seen an actress so disappear into their roles in the manner that Blanchett does. That quality of acting is particular to her. She disappears into, say, the single southern mother in The Gift -- accent and all-- charging that character with her own peculiar cool energy. Meryl Streep also does this brilliantly, of course, with flawless accent, as well, but Streep does it with humanitarian intent in mind. Her characters are often (always?) flawed people whom she inhabits and makes touching, human, worthy of compassion. I'm thinking here of The French Lieutenants Woman , the tormented mother in Kramer vs Kramer , Sophie in Sophie's Choice . All of these flawed characters do not immediately elicit sympathy, but through the strength of her performances, Streep ethically forces the viewer to turn towards the characters and engage them as flawed but all too human. Ullman's project, on the other hand, has evolved from the Bergman-centered expressions of angst and infinity rendered startlingly in the claustrophobic close ups where emotions are pushed to their outermost limits. I am thinking here of the scene in urlLink Cries and Whispers where the two sisters Kirin and Maria , long stranged and cold towards each other, put aside all differences as their third sister lies dying. In the close up, the two sisters come towards each other, fall into one anothers arms, embrace, kiss, and let all the years of animostity evaporate on screen. Dialogue dissolves into a particularly intense Sarabande from urlLink Bach's Cello Suite No. 5 . An infinity of emotions in one scene. The evolution of Ullman's "activity" has now progressed from playing those roles for Bergman into a sort of multidimensional "conversation," or, rather, competition with Bergman in the realm of directing. Ironically she directs many films in which he actually writes the screenplay. A complex relationship, to say the least. Beautiful ... just like Bergman said in his pick up line. But what does that have to do with Cate Blanchett ? Well, Blanchett's project is not Meryl Streep's or even Ullman's, nor is it Daniel Day Lewis' , who, though brilliant, sometimes seems on the verge of giving himself a mental breakdown, not so much dissolving into his characters, but conquering and enslaving them through violence, at risk to his own sanity. No, Cate Blanchett is the most interesting and strange case in that strangest profession of them all: acting. Daphne Merkin gets it just about right here: "A day or two before I meet her, I admit to a movie afficionado friend that I cannot remember the role she played in 'The Talented Mr. Ripley ,' and he sheepishly concedes that he can't remember either. It was said of the great English character actress Peggy Ashcroft that she didn't have a face, and in the sense of not seeming to be fixed in her own physyognomy, Blanchett doesn't have one either." That is precisely what is so scary about Cate Blanchett. Not the impossible talent, though it is doubtlessly there: but the fact that when one looks back to the actor of any one of her brilliant performances ... one doesn't know who to cheer. Who is Cate Blanchett ? Is she the face of Donna Karan ? Is she the fashion icon who appears on countless magazine covers yet displays absolutely no emotion to Merkin on the subject, even going so far as to show disdain for, what she calls "lipstick talk"? Is she Veronica Guerin ? Is she the pregnant mother of a child and a wife? Who is she? Merkin askes Blanchett if she considers Veronica Guerin's lack of box office success despite her strong work as a result of taking on a Julia Roberts-type role: '''Who knows,'' (Blanchett) asks, putting her finger on the existential mystery that underlies the construction of any screen persona, ''who Julia Roberts really is?'" And then I finally figured out what is so scary about Cate Blanchett. Blanchett is the mother and wife and actress and model-spokesperson who stares at us from the magazine covers and the screen, she is all of those things. But they are all roles, waystations on an unknown destination. Asking who is Cate Blanchett is like asking What is a Self. Note to self: See if you can interview Cate Blanchett on her next press junket.

 Night Support My old college roommate and good friend Corin Cummings , the up and coming heavyweight champion of writers has completed the e-novella Night Support . urlLink The 79 page eBook is described this way: "Corin Cummings brings to life Dar es Salaam in Night Support, the first in the Wind River Press novella series . Entranced by the idea of Africa, Lynn , an aid worker, and Alex , a writer, find their ideals, their relationship, and eventually their lives tested by the realities of a world that is as harsh as it is beautiful."

 Attorney Generals Are Cool High profile mogul smasher Elliot Spitzer has made the position of Attorney General cool. Just as Giulianni made it cool to be a gritty mayor and Steven Spielberg made it cool to be a director ... well, not like Spielberg , but you get the idea. Rumor has it Jerry "Moonbeam" Brown will run for California Attorney General next time out and Mark Green will run in New York.

 Jazzy: The Dog That Just Keeps Giving Yesterday The Corsair came down hard on Cindy Adams' deceased lapdog and faithful companion Jazzy . Admittedly, coming down on a dead eight pound pooch with the full wit and ironical resources of The Corsair seems a bit much. But Cindy couldn't leave well enough alone, urlLink could she ? And so with my morning coffee I was assaulted once again by a full page devoted to that annoying Yorkshire Terrier, Jazzy . A picture of the moist eyed mutt interrupting my french toast. Even in death that dog has found a way to get under our skin! Adams writes: "My pain was such that I lay in bed in a fetal position. I told almost no one because I couldn't stand it. Or understand it. I still don't. The trainer he's known since the Dec. 9, 1999, day he came to me has an upstate farm. He went for the weekend with his Yorkie sister, Juicy . He never came back to me. Sunday he was dead." Okay, let's gloss over the fact that Cindy named the other damned dog Juicy . Let's leapfrog Juicy for a moment. Why is Cindy in the fetal position? I know that a beloved pet's death can hurt, but wouldn't her sympathies better serve the people of the Phillipines who suffered under the Marcoses while Adams was defending them in print to US audiences? In her new book The Gift of Jazzy she recounts the gory details thusly: "They said blood and everything was coming out from everywhere." Only in New York, kiddies, only in New York!

 Whatever Happened to BUST Magazine? Remember urlLink BUST ? That significant 90s artifact that everyone who is anyone read is not as omnipresent as it once was. Bust was founded in 1992 and went "from a handmade rag into a full on glossy" by the end of the decade. Memorable stories include 'The Myth of the Black Butt' and 'A Vindication of the Rights of Cunt.' Lest you think that Bust is porn, it is not: Bust is a sort of grrl power Buffy-esque feminist magazine that even men can enjoy. And I did often. I remember a withering critique they did of Lifetime television saying, basically, that all they did was run miniseries after miniseries of helpless women being victimized by evil men and in the end the courts vindicate them is not a good thing for Middle American housewives to be supporting. Arch! I can't even find Bust on my local newstsand anymore, though, and that makes me sad. Bust was Grrly before Xena and Buffy were.

 Asian Babies Take Over Upper West Side An interesting social phenomenon has turned up on the Upper West Side of Manhattan . Seemingly overnight, scores of WASPy and Jewish Baby Boomer couples have taken to adopting Asian babies, often girls a la urlLink Faith Popcorn . What is this all about? Could someone email me some answers? papermag@yahoo.com A friend told me he thought it might be liberal couples adopting Chinese girl babies to save them from the totalitarian regimes abortion politics. Interesting, but I don't think that is right. Whatever the case, a casual stroll between 59th and 96th street and you'll see many Asian babies with white couples or their black nannies. Sometimes in NY you can actually see the Jamaican nanny (UpperWest Siders favor Jamaican nannies while Upper East Siders favor European nannies who often have secret affairs with ... oh never mind) pushing a Japanese baby adopted by a Jewish couple. Only in New York, kiddies, only in New York.

 The Charlie Rose Drinking Game The art of the interview is to draw out the subject while the interviewer recedes into the background. Although Charlie Rose delivers the goods on any given weekday, he uses the first person singular personal pronoun often. Excedingly often. Okay: all the damned time. Charlie, thank you for giving us those great interviews with Kiefer Sutherland and David Westin and John Kerry , but honestly: It's not all about you. All those I's and me's Charlie, puh-lease. So, in the spirit of Charlie Rose's energetic use of the first person singular personal pronoun, The Corsair proposes The Charlie Rose Drinking Game. It's late at night, it was a hard day at work, you are about to go to bed and Charlie is interviewing some Master of the Universe -- so why not have a drinkie poo on the Chuckster? Every time Charlie uses the first person singular personal pronoun, down a shot. And don't use any of the cheap stuff, ladies and gentlemen, this is Charlie Rose and that whole "corridors of power Illuminati Trilateral Commission" thingie we're talking about. You better recognize . If you are still conscious after the drinking game, then you are a candidate for the urlLink Jared Paul Stern Ironman competition.

 On Gloria Borger Fox Tv's Laurie Duhe is so last week. My latest crush is US News and World Report's Gloria Borger . I'm going for darker this time. More intellectual. More serious. And who is more serious than Gloria Borger interrogating a Senator on Face the Nation? We love the hard boiled no nonsense style of Borger. We love the smile. We like Gloria Borger very very much indeed.

 George Magazine Could Have Worked Today John Kennedy Jr's George Magazine probably would have worked today. When you think about it, the interviews with Castro , the Drew Barrymore Marilyn cover -- all were ahead of their time. We were just not ready to accept DC as a celebrity center when John John took us there. K Street owes itself somewhat to John John's foresight. That DC series which my good friend on the President's Bioethics commission tells me shuts down the town from ten to ten thirty on Sundays is so John John. George Magazine would have had an audience, George Clooney and John John would have had power lunches, oh what might have been. Arnold would be a cover boy. Matalin and Carville would have been columnists. Dennis Miller would have been the Court Jester. It would have been Camelot all over again. George was ahead of the curve.

 And All That Jazz Jazzy jazzy blah blah blah! Cindy Adams' beloved Yorkshire Terrier get more press than The Corsair and we are not amused. We are playa hating that gently decaying urlLink pooch corpse now sits in the lap of the grandest lady of them all: Mother Nature. And if it isn't enough to get our dander that we are totally being ignored by the mainstream media, here comes Jazzy Jr in The Observer! I mean, doesn't Cindy Adams have another dictator to defend? The Marcoses ? Suharto ? I hear Robert Mugabe needs some good pr among the Fifth Avenue ladies tea and cucumber set. Puh-lease. Give us some ink!

 Gene Simmons to Sell Soul ... One Share at a Time Legendary capitalist-musician urlLink Gene Simmons is planning to sell his soul one share at a time. "That son of a gun is clever," said Satan with an admiring smile. "God gave rock and roll to you, but Gene is a gift from yours truly." Since Simmons has sold virtually everything else to his band of gullible and financially solvent fans, the selling of his soul via over the counter penny stocks should come as no surprise. Simmons in the past has sold a very bad magazine called Tongue, as well as a KISS coffin, which, he at one point suggested would make an excellent beer cooler. Charmed, I'm sure. Insiders are predicting that Gene Simmons market capitalization for shares of his soul could fetch $7.25 . BTW: This piece is definitely satire in case you are wondering.

 Globe Managing Editor Speaks Out Jeffrey Rodack , the Managing Editor of The Globe , urlLink pens his reasons for running the color photo of Kobe Bryant's accuser on the cover. In defending the editorial decision Rodack basically says that the identity of the accuser is the world's worst kept secret. He then goes on like a man accused himself, wagging his finger at us, saying: "Shame on all you others who go out of your way to be 'fair and ethical' while you continually condemn the accused in cases like this one and protect the accuser. Your job is to provide information - not to act as a jury." The Corsair , as judge, jury and executioner charges Jeffrey Rodak with an overbaked and hammy performance.

 When Comedians Try to be Actors Bill Murray is the exception to the rule. When Jim Carey tried to be an actor in the noxious stinker The Majestic people around the world turned up their noses. Comedians make us laugh, they do not try to be Everyman. The Cosair has enough trouble with Tom Hanks as it is. Comedians: make us laugh and leave the Oscars to the big boys.

 The Charlie Rose Drinking Game The art of the interview is to draw out the subject while the interviewer recedes into the background. Although Charlie Rose delivers the goods on any given weekday, he uses the first person singular personal pronoun often. Excedingly often. Okay: all the damned time. Charlie, thank you for giving us those great interviews with Kiefer Sutherland and David Westin and John Kerry , but honestly: It's not all about you . All those I's and me's Charlie, puh-lease. So, in the spirit of Charlie Rose's energetic use of the first person singular personal pronoun , The Corsair proposes The Charlie Rose Drinking Game . It's late at night, it was a hard day at work, you are about to go to bed and Charlie is interviewing some Master of the Universe -- so why not have a drinkie poo on the Chuckster? Every time Charlie uses the first person singular personal pronoun, down a shot. And don't use any of the cheap stuff, ladies and gentlemen, this is Charlie Rose and that whole "corridors of power Illuminati Trilateral Commission" thingie we're talking about. You better recognize . As Garry Kasparov is tonight's guest, The Corsair would like to suggest vodka, preferably Stolichnaya.

 Is Diane Sawyer Tired of GMA? Diane Sawyer joined the cast of Good Morning America in 1998 to help ABC catch up to NBC's Today. It wasn't supposed to be a permanent gig, but Sawyer is a team player -- whether in the Nixon Administration or on 60 Minutes . The temporary position, though, notes urlLink Matt Drudge may be outlasting it's welcome. Diane Sawyer began her broadcast career at CBS Morning News and the idea of a long term contract at Good Morning America cannot -- in the nature of the tv news biz and hierarchy -- be attractive. "She desperately wants to give up the vampire hours!" a top production source explained from New York on Tuesday, reports Drudgereport.com . This isn't the first sign of unhappiness at the successful GMA. In 1998, Diane and co host Charlie Gibson were unhappy with marketing support and threaten to leave the show. On-air support was said to be inadequate because the show's producers were not supplying GMA information far enough ahead of time to be effective. As of September ABC's GMA caught and passed NBC's TODAY show in many of America's top cities, according to Nielsen ratings. GMA is ABC's best chance in years to stop the juggernaut of Today with Katie Couric and Matt Lauer .

 Who Owns What? For those of you with an inexhaustible curiosity about all things media related, CJR has published a list of urlLink Who Owns What . Did you know, for example, that Clear Channel owns 7 stations in Rochester, New York? Well, now you do.

 Message to Lloyd Grove: We Are In NYC not DC Former Washington Post Reliable Source columnist Lloyd Grove is increasingly passing off bad beltway gossip for the good stuff in his NY Daily News Lowdown column. Today he writes: " Mon Dieu !: I hear real estate mogul George Klein is telling friends about a remarkable incident at a recent lunch with Vice President Dick Cheney . When the waiter brought a bottle of Evian, the veep's face took an expression of obvious distaste as he waved off the French import. I guess France is still in the Bush administration doghouse. Klein did not return my repeated phone calls." Say what?! Okay, as a lowly blogger I know that there are slow days when the ideas and the scoop just isn't forthcoming. Cool. But, to quote beloved 80s icon Clara Peller : " urlLink Where's the beef "? In this city of the fabulous Page Six and Gawker.com we need our gossip served pipin' hot, not lukewarm. I throw down the gauntlet, Lloyd Grove: extricate yourself from those swishy dinner parties at Tina Brown's pad and put your nose to the grindstone and give us the real lowdown. There's a city full of gossip out there -- get to it, man.

 James Caan Kicks Wes Anderson's Ass! "He pulls me in front of the mirror - he is an extremely physical guy - and here I am in the middle of the room, in the dark, in my bathrobe, and he puts me in all these different holds, and he's throwing me around for about half an hour." So says "It" director Wes Anderson of James Caan . Veteran tough guy character actor James Caan doesn't take any guff. In Index Magazine, Wes Anderson describes a tense moment with James Caan, who, it appears, is not so different from hot head urlLink Sonny Corleone .



 Donald Trump Schools us on Class Short fingered vulgarian Donald Trump fresh from his elegant reality show urlLink The Apprentice took the time to school his producer on matters of taste. Trump refused to say the line "these guys will wish that they were eating bugs," in a planned commercial. The line, which parodies other reality shows was not to the likings of The Donald. "I don't like that line. It has no class." Class is those McDonald's commercials in which The Donald snatches a urlLink hamburger from ex-wife Ivanna Trump .

 Jim Murphy Versus Howie Kurtz, or, Mister Kurtz, he Dead CBS Evening News Executive Producer Jim Murphy is talking smack about The Washington Post's Howard Kurtz , and if he isn't careful, frankly, my man Howie's going to find a "Reliable Source" (wink, wink) to be his second (is urlLink Bernie Kalb available?), urlLink repair to Weehauken, New Jersey , and square off in a duel with .56 caliber urlLink ancient pistols at the ready. Quoth the saucy Murphy, via urlLink Romenesko Letters , that randiest of journo watering holes: "The endless debate over how American politics are covered by domestic media gets another treatment in today's Howard Kurtz urlLink column in the Washington Post. And in the sidebar debate over television versus print as a source for comprehensive treatment, Howie comes down firmly on the side of print without ever saying so. But it's obvious in the subtext of Kurtz's report that he reached two conclusions from a selective viewing of the CBS Evening News reports about this year's issues called 'What Does It Mean To You?'" Translation: Why you gotta be like that, Howie? urlLink Read on and imagine, like I am now, a urlLink Barry Lyndon-like duel between the two media mavens.

 Charles Murray: Ruggedly Ugly Celebrated cryptoracist Charles Murray , who has made a career of providing statistics for the those inclined to bigotry, is feted in this week's New Yorker . In Saturday's Arts and Ideas section in the New York Times he was referred to as "ruggedly handsome" in a largely positive piece by one Emily Eakin . Murray, who co authored The Bell Curve with Richard Herrnstein (who had the good taste to expire before publication) argued that African Americans have the lowest IQ scores of all the races on this Big Blue Marbe and that is attributable to hereditary factors rather than, say, bad neighborhoods and schooling (environment). Conveniently, Murray and Herrnstein postulated that Asians have this highest IQs and Whites are .. just right. urlLink Rebecca Mead fawns over Murray's latest tome Human Accomplishment . In Human Accomplishment Murray goes on to prove his own intelllectual shortcomings by rating Virgil a better writer than Count Tolstoi and Picasso a better artist than urlLink Rembrandt . That this man is postulating on intelligence and acquiring it in greater supply is ponderous. Charmed, I'm sure.

 The Real World: Not Happening Finally, after years of vicariously watching that overdone Bunim and Murray confection where twentysomethings "hooking up," I can honestly say I'm over The Real World . Gag me with a fork, I am done . Watching plants produce chlorophyl could easily top The Real World Paris as far as excitement goes. I'm not sure why I began to watch this show. I guess in the beginning before we all became jaded on reality tv shows like a hobo on urlLink muscatel . The Real World was my crystal meth. And it was good while it lasted, I suppose in the manner of tweak. But I'm over it. Everyone would like to watch attractive twentysomethings get amorous -- wouldn't that explain the porn boom? It's just that watching these pretty but dim bulbs start "businesses" and compete against each other is a bit of a snooze. The Greeks were great with wisdom. Cephalus quotes Sophocles the playwright and poet in The Symposium as follows: Cephalus : . . . "I was present . . . one time when someone asked the poet Sophocles: "How are you in regard to sex, Sophocles? Can you still make love to a woman?" Hush man, the poet replied, I am very glad to have escaped from this, like a slave who has escaped from a mad and cruel master." I thought then that he was right, and I still think so, for a great peace and freedom from these things come with old age . . . . (329 c)." Well, at 32 I don't need the viagra yet, but like Sophocles I am free from the tyranny of the cruel master The Real World. Basta!

 Is NY1 CBS NY's Farm League? Duke Castiglione . Andrew Kirtzman . Jay Dow . Kerri Lyon . It reads like a Who's Who of the NY broadcast news biz. All four talented reporters were originally urlLink NY1 talent "poached" by CBS NY in only the past year . CBS NY is shanghaing NY1's videojournalists like sailors out of the 19th Century, with one difference, of course: unlike those luckless shanghaied, the NY1 staff is voluntarily leaving the scrappy local 24-hour Time Warner news service. As the hierarchy dictates, CBS trumps NY1, so there is nothing anyone can really do about the loss of familiar faces on the 24 hour channel. This leaves me wondering: Has NY1 become a farm league for urlLink CBS NY to pilfer at will?

 Celebrity Blogs According to the National Enquirer, urlLink Celebrity Blogs are the Next Big Thing . Everyone from Fred Durst to William Shatner to urlLink The Barenaked Ladies have one. The article, by Phillip Smith , notes an interesting diary entry from Melanie Griffith on her prescription drug troubles, ""Overcoming addiction is tough but it can be made easier if you have someone that can offer support. My husband and family supported me so much through this journey."

 Whither Real Estate Gossip? At what point during this whole postmodern gossip craze did we start to become fascinated by what can only be called Real Estate gossip ? Don't get me wrong: I love my gossip served pipin' hot, but I'm not sure I need to know about the schematics of a particular celebrity home or even the price paid. Too much information , thank you very much. For example: nowadays, we can learn through New York Magazine, that: " urlLink Kathleen Turner is downsizing her real estate to match her diminishing box-office clout ." We also are deluged with gossip about Woody Allen selling "his massive Carnegie Hill townhouse." Who can forget also that Lachlan Murdoch son of mogul Rupert , " urlLink has bought an enormous-and mysterious-14,500-square-foot building in Nolita for $5.25 million." Even 50 Cent got in the news when he bought urlLink Mike Tyson's $4.1 million Farmington, Connecticut mansion . My point here is do we really need to know that much information? Do we need to know how much Katherine Hepburn's pad will go for? Is this just some elaborate game put on us gossip lovers by the Real Estate industry? And, finally, at what point did this useless information seep into the precincts of High Gossip?

 Page Six Busts Trans Continental The fabulous Page Six , does it again. After aiding in the capture the lowlife rapist of Angela Bowie 's daughter recently, the Page Sixers have shamed Trans Continental out of their hustle: " urlLink TWO weeks after PAGE SIX reported that a modeling agency associated with Lou Pearlman's Trans Continental company had been labeled a scam by the state of New York, the boy-band impresario is getting out of the mannequin scouting business ."

 Simon Dumenco on Blogs Okay, leaving aside the fact that Simon Dumenco left me out of his list of urlLink six compelling blogs , his article was interesting. There is a blog explosion on the web that is growing increasingly sophisticated. Bloggers are now regularly scooping the news and making news and publishing some damned interesting information. So, I'll lick my wounds of exclusion from Dumenco's list. You know, urlLink Dumenco, being snubbed socially provokes exactly the same brain response as being physically hurt? Anyway, I won't press assault charges.

 What Does James Truman Do? Just what does urlLink Conde Nast Editorial Director James Truman do to fill his day? I mean, I know that he attends and throws urlLink a lot of parties . And he announces new editors. And he travels to exotic places, like Iran. On Persia, he writes in Conde Nast traveller (April 2003): "I'd traveled to Iran last fall with the thought of overlooking the country's politics and focusing on its history and natural beauty. This thought quickly disappeared, not least because Tehran itself is short on both history and beauty." Beauty seems to be a big part of James Truman's duties at Conde Nast. Hanging out with supermodels, throwing the swishiest party, spouting the bon mot -- in effect, being the best Aesthete that Newhouse money can buy. Hey, I'm not knocking it: the world needs at least one person expert in the incredibly diverse beauties on this Big Blue Marble -- from the Persian to the Polynesian to the Sub Saharan African to the Venzuelan. And maybe all the travel and worldliness might be reflected in a more diverse group of covers at Advance, no? I mean, how many times can Conde Nast actually run Heidi Klum's ample bosom and George Clooney at Lake Como? Can I get some diversity, people?

 Diddy Ran the City From MTV's Diddy Runs the City : P Diddy (taking off his Nike's undoing his sock, incredulous): What the f--k is that? Trainer : A blood blister. P Diddy : A what?! Trainer : Your toenail will go black and fall off and then grow back. P Diddy : Will it grow back regular? Trainer (taking off shoes): -- Look at this P Diddy (pause): --Yo, you got some F---ed up feet!

 Howard Stern Criticizes Oprah Winfrey on Exploiting Guests King of All Media Howard Stern today attacked Oprah Winfrey for exploiting her guests. The nationally syndicated shock jock who has interviewed dwarves, homeless people, sexual abuse survivors, amputees and siamese twins blasted Winfrey. "She puts on these sad families and their stories ... then drives off in her limousine." Stern could not be reached for comment as he was busy catching a ride with Ronnie the Limo driver to his miltimillion dollar Millenium Buildings apartment.

 Kurt Anderson to Colors Kurt Andersen, the former New York Magazine Editor and founder of Inside.com is the new urlLink Editorial Director and chairman of Colors , that sleek globally thoughtful magazine put out by Benneton. The magazine up until now revolved around a single theme, like, say, "Death." Using thought provoking and compelling photographs, Colors would present global perspectives on the subject. Andersen, who has a rather evolved sense of design, like many of the Baby Boomer generation (he was a cultural and architecture critic at Time), should be an interesting fit. (Ed Note: I was a factchecker at New york under Andersen and interviewed with him, unsuccessfully, as an editor at Inside.com)

 Celebrity Stage Names In a world where justice is the law of the land a woman named Patricia Andrejewski would have just as much of a chance to be a star as Pat Benetar . Unfortunately we do not live in a world free of xenophobia, of fear of the strange and foreign sounding things, so Patricia Andrejewski changed her name to Pat Benetar and the rest is history. Or herstory. Whatever. urlLink Celebrity Stage Names is a cool site that gives you the real names of stars before they were big. So: Tom Cruise was Thomas Mapother IV , Elvis Costello was Declan McManus and Ice T was Tracy Morrow ... hee hee ... Tracy.

 It's Official: Cindy Adams Is a Picklehead Coddler of dictators, urlLink purveyor of perfume , urlLink dog lover , all around annoying media persona and Park Avenue doyenne Cindy Adams did not get that 40 minute exclusive with Fred Durst . The Daily News' Richard T. Pienciak reports: "It's bull----, but you know, that's the Post ," said an angry Dick DeGuerin . "Those quotes are fabricated." DeGuerin (who is aptly named and Fred Durst's attorney) claims that his client was tricked into a 45 second conversation by Debrah Charatan , his second wife. But Cindy said she had four ten minute conversations with Durst on the phone from his Galveston, Texas jail cell. Hmmm. There's something fishy going on here. Could it be that like the dictators Cindy Adams favors, she could be going in for the noble lie? Say it aint so, urlLink Jazzy ... say it aint so ....

 Is Bonnie Fuller Getting a Bum Rap? Wow. The media is snarky. Whether you are a writer for a newspaper, or a radio DJ, or an editor of a glossy, one thing can be said with certainty: you, madame or sir, are in a snarky business . And there is no better way to see the snark fly than if your career is advancing at Mach 10 . Then all the playa hatas come out and hate on you. So you say: don't negetate ... congratulate . Or something along those lines. Anyhoo : Bonnie Fuller's career is in urlLink overdrive . However you may feel about Fuller, it is good to see her dump Jann Wenner , urlLink on his ass . My factchecker friend Tracy always said that Wenner's enterprises -- Rolling Stone in particular -- are not very girl friendly, but that's another story altogether. Bonnie Fuller drew great media ire for the fact that she was going from US Weekly, a glossy, to American media with -- gasp! -- tabloids ! There was something, oh, I don't know, louche about the whole enterprise, you know? One wanted to take a shower after reading that Our Bonnie was going the way of urlLink The Pecker at urlLink American Media . No, not our Bonnie ... she's one of us ... the New York Media Elite ! But Bonnie, who is famous for overworking her employees, is urlLink making quite a go at it , what with all the pilfered editors and the new NY offices of American media and what not. Already controversy has erupted over running the picture of urlLink Kobe Bryant's accuser . Of course, the media went after Fuller like a pit bull. The problem is, Bonnie Fuller did not approve or disapprove of the publication of the picture: it was an editorial decision made by Jeffrey Rodack the Managing Editor of The Globe . Rodack wrote an interesting (and very oily) urlLink piece for Poynter defending his decision nto run the picture, and The Corsair blasted him for it (See urlLink Archive , November 5, The Corsair ). So I don''t see what the fuss is about Bonnie Fuller and all that "selling out her sisterhood" chitchat. The only thing I see Fuller as guilty of is overworking her poor employees: hey, Bonnie , some of your editors and writers and factcheckers have lives that do not involve the Lexis Nexis, my little pomegranate!

 Awful Celebrity Plastic Surgery Okay, we admit, that even for The Corsair this is a very puffy piece. But it's Saturday, and yesterday we did a lot of political conversation (log down for that), so here goes. Those groovy cats at AwfulPlasticSurgery.com have done up their site with speculations and pictures of urlLink celebrity plastic surgery gone awry . Terribly awry. Courtney Love awry. Check it out yourself. The Corsair's personal favorite is Patrick Swayze at the bottom. "Crazy like Swayze." Remember when -- for like a minute -- he was big in the 80s? And then came Road House . Hoo, boy (covers nose with hand).

 Michael Jackson's Dad: Spare The Whip Spoil The Child Celebrity means never having to say you're sorry. Or even, it appears, censoring your rambling and incriminating thoughts. Intrepid Daily News staff writer Corky Siemaszko reports that Michael Jackson's bizarre father, Joe Jackson (no relation to the mild and affable adult contemporary singer with the same name) admits to urlLink whipping Michael Jackson . Yes, you got that right: whipping. First Johnny Cash gets his sister in law pregnant and now this! In a BBC interview airing tommorrow, Joe says, "I whipped him with a switch and a belt ... I never beat him. You beat someone with a stick." Okay, Kuta Kinte ! Also showing up for the BBC chat was Majestik Magnificent, Michael Jackson's "personal magician." No, I'm not kidding here, everything I have written can be verified with a Lexis Nexis search. Although Bonnie Fuller might have one of her slave/employees hogging it. Majestik told interviewer Paul Theroux that Michael Jackson is "not gay." When confronted with the fact that the painfully shy Jackson vomits from nerves, his humane father answered, "He regurgitates all the way to the bank." This interview will explain so very much about the strange man in the mirror who wears one glove and raves about Macauley Culkin's lips, The Corsair believes.

 Election 2004 It is probably time that Senator Joe Lieberman dropped out and gave his constituents in Connecticut his full attention. Why do I say this? Well, the other non electables in 2004 -- the foolish Al Sharpton , loony Dennis Kucinich and Carol Mosley Brann -- know they won't win. Brann is running to split the black vote and deny Sharpton the black spokesperson role. Kucinich is pushing Nader ideas. And Al is running to be President of Black America. Lieberman is a serious man and should be taken as such. Every Senator, sitting in that aristocratic club deliberating on geopolitical strategy, thinks they can be President. But Lieberman has no base and is lagging on funds. BTW: Did you know that Senator Kerry had chin reduction cosmetic surgery?

 Johnny Cash Got June's Sister Pregnant Just like the dark country music he sang, Johnny Cash lived the life. The National Enquirer is reporting that he and his sister in law urlLink had a baby . The article goes on to say that on her death bed, June's sister begged her forgiveness. This story sounds to The Corsair like a country music hit in waiting about family trees that look like Christmas wreaths. Ah, America, the incestuous: thank you Jerry Springer .

 Is NY1 CBS NY's Farm League? Duke Castiglione . Andrew Kirtzman. Jay Dow . Kerri Lyon . It reads like a Who's Who of the NY broadcast news biz. All four talented reporters were originally NY1 talent "poached" by CBS NY in only the past year. CBS NY is shanghaing NY1's videojournalists like sailors out of the 19th Century, with one difference, of course: unlike those luckless shanghaied, the NY1 staff is voluntarily leaving the scrappy local 24-hour Time Warner news service. As the hierarchy dictates, CBS trumps NY1, so there is nothing anyone can really do about the loss of familiar faces on the 24 hour channel. This leaves me wondering: Has NY1 become a farm league for CBS NY to pilfer at will?

 Mob Goumba Dating Bruce Colley You remember swordsman Bruce Colley who broke up the marriage of Kerry Kennedy and Andrew Cuomo ? Well, now Page Six reports he is dating urlLink John Gotti's former mistress Lisa Gastineau.

 Who Will Be The Next Secretary of State? Colin Powell has all but turned in his papers at the end of his term, so the question arises: Who will be the next Secretary of State? Will it even be a Republican? If a Democrat wins, it will open up a chance for some of the most ambitious men in the world. The Secretary of State position carries with it a prestige, a hint of wisdom and internationalism, that is irrestistable to a certain type of person. Richard Holbrooke is one of those people. He wants to be Secretary of State so bad I can feel it over here in cyberspace. His whole life has been maneuvered for the job. Nicholas Von Hoffman wrote in Spy in May 90 : "To interview Holbrooke is to learn the etiquite of media-government relations as they are observed in Washington. Some statements are on background, some are not for attribution. Some are deep background, others are deeper background, and a few are uttered on a swallow and forget basis." Ahh, Machiavelli and his nasty grandson Kissinger would be proud. Other contenders are the creepy reptilian Fareed Zakaria and Michael Wolfe's interesting suggestion in his media column some time back of Walter Isaacson .

 Warren Beatty Has Released More Bombs Than North Korea A thought occurred to me: Warren Beatty sure has made a few stinkers. I mean, I know he is the father of the Washington-Hollywood connection, back in the McGovern days when he was a volunteer, and even when he was an informal advisor to Gary Hart in 1984, but it has been quite a while between hits for great swordsman. Ishtar alone lost $37 million. And who can forget Town and Country , Dick Tracy and the regrettable Bullworth ? Maybe he should stop being Halle Barre's advisor and take some advice on keeping a career going? (BTW: What is that creepy Padawan-Jedi Master relationship he has with Barre anyway and does Annette Benning approve) Or maybe he should just finally take the plunge and run for political office. He's obviously wanted to for years and that receding hairline will not help him in looks obsessed Tinseltown.

 Wendy Williams: Movin On Up In New York, WBLS' Wendy Williams brightens the day of many an office worker. She really speeds up the day as you are typing or whatever it is you do. Williams likes to regale listeners with her early life -- pre- VH1 and syndicated radio. Today she outdid herself. Her riff on orange juice: "Back when I was a kid we were only allowed one glass of orange juice a day because it was expensive." But now? "In my house we drink as much as we want." Thank god for upward mobility and god bless the USA!

 Lloyd Grove Job watch How long do you think Lloyd Grove will survive in this town if he recycles old Jackie Kennedy urlLink gossip about her priest/confidante? I mean, The Corsair loves Rush and Molloy . Those guys know how to hustle and get the scoop. And of course The Corsair loves Page Six . But Llod Grove is the worst. I don't think I have ever read something that made me widen my eyes in wonder. The Corsair gives Grove another two months before the mercurial Mort Zuckerman sends him packing back to K Street.

 Six Degrees of Nicolette Sheridan It seems that everyone in Hollywood is seperated by Six Degress ... of Nicolette Sheridan . I mean, what do Harry Hamlin , Marcus Allen , Scott Baio and Leif Garrett have in common? Nicolette, of course! I mean, has anyone else ever become famous for the person they are dating? Let's play Six Degrees of Nicolette Sheridan with, hmmm, Dean Cane . I'd go the Brooke Shields route on that one. Brookie lost her virginity to Dean Cane at Princeton. Brooke dated Michael Bolton . And Bolton dated ... yes, there you have it ... Nicolette Sheridan. All roads in Hollywood lead to Nicolette. Let's all make this game the new fad and forget that silly Paris Hilton sex tapen .

 Rebecca Romijn-Stamos: Freak While The Corsair will not give in to the Paris Hilton sex tape, that doesn't mean that we are averse to the genre. Robecca Romijn-Stamos apparently own that rare urlLink Sylvester Stallone porn tape The Party At Kitty and Stud's . At the time, we cannot fail to note, Sly was a poor and hungry actor ... with a cheezy 70s soundtrack. When he wasn't playing a subway thug in Woody Allen's hilarious Bannanas , he was making porn. Freak.

 The Charlie Rose Drinking Game The art of the interview is to draw out the subject while the interviewer recedes into the background. Although Charlie Rose delivers the goods on any given weekday, he uses the first person singular personal pronoun often. Excedingly often. Okay: all the damned time. Charlie, thank you for giving us those great interviews with Kiefer Sutherland and David Westin and John Kerry , but honestly: It's not all about you. All those I's and me's Charlie, puh-lease. So, in the spirit of Charlie Rose's energetic use of the first person singular personal pronoun, The Corsair proposes The Charlie Rose Drinking Game . It's late at night, it was a hard day at work, you are about to go to bed and Charlie is interviewing some Master of the Universe -- so why not have a drinkie poo on the Chuckster? Every time Charlie uses the first person singular personal pronoun, down a shot. And don't use any of the cheap stuff, ladies and gentlemen, this is Charlie Rose and that whole "corridors of power Illuminati Trilateral Commission " thingie we're talking about. You better recognize. If you are still conscious after the drinking game, then you are a candidate for the Jared Paul Stern Ironman Drinkie-poo competition.

 Jason Bateman's Mexican "Issues" Has been 80s actor Jason Bateman made a racial insult to a firefighter, urlLink so reports the National Enquirer . "I only hope that Jason Bateman is as embarrassed by this story," Fernando Padilla says, "as I was when he insulted me in front of my children."

 Wiretapping in Hollywood There is a very wierd story coming out of San Fransisco about urlLink Wiretapping in Hollywood . Apparently Warren Beatty and Gary Shandling , among others, have been questioned in a bitter child custody case. Maybe you can figure it out and explain it to me?

 Whos Cares About the Paris Tapes? Why is this story still getting anyone's time? Has our democracy degenrated to such a degree that we need to knwo about the sex tapes of a dummy? And no, I am not linking to anything ... I refuse to partcipate in the latest office craze: watching that darn tape. The only Paris tapes I want to watch are those made by Truffaut.

 Will Someone Give Bill Murray An Oscar Already? Oscar is fickle about comedians. Oscar eludes those who seek him. Will someone give the Oscar to Bill Murray already? His performance in Sophia Copolla's Lost In Translation was brilliantly subtle. Imagine a Best Oscar going to an underplayed performance. Denzel Washington's dirty cop was the most powerful and full-on performance in recent years and it would be wonderful to have Bill Murray's declining Hollywood actor in a foreign land win it this time around. Murray has been snubbed by Oscar. He has never been nominated and that is a crime. Murray was endearing and complex in Rushmore . He was a rich personality in The Razor's Edge . And Murray was overlooked as the subtle but wildly funny psychiatrist in The Mighty Tennenbaum's . My favorite Bill Murray flik is Meatballs , which is also the first film I ever saw. To me Bill Murray is the coolest man on the planet earth.

 When Did Rolling Stone Magazine Jump the Shark? I am of two minds on the subject. First, May 3, 1998, to me, was the day the music died. Rolling Stone Magazine , the embodiment of hip counterculture colluded with the Giuliani adminitration as a corporate sponsor for "Family Day" to displace the Mi llion Marijuana March from Washington Square Park. urlLink No lie . Also: putting April Lavigne on the cover of March 2003 was a very sad reminder that even though the music has died at Rolling Stone, the stink still lingers. When precisely do you think RS Jumped the Shark Fonzie -style? Send emails to papermag@yahoo.com

 Gore Vidal: About to be Gored I love Gore Vidal . Always have. He is an essayist at least the equal of Camus , a urlLink playwright , an actor, urlLink an amateur historian , a wit, a bon vivante, a film director and a one-time candidate for a seat in the U.S. Senate. Vidal is an intellectual in a time when intelligence in a variety of the humanities is quite rare. And he is about to get into the middle of a shitstorm from the right wing. urlLink Matt Drudge is reporting that Vidal has said in an interview that, " Bush and Ashcroft would be 'hanged' by Founding Fathers; they are 'despots'" The story is developing but you know how this is all going to play itself out. Once the story is out, probably later on today, right wing radio will unleash all manner of Old Testament Hell on the aging novelist. Chris Matthews will put him on to defend himself. Vidal's lacerating wit will not save him from a vivisection on Fox, on the radio and in the tabloids. Much ado will be made of the fact that he lives most of the year in Ravello, Italy and Hollywood . His patriotism will be called into question (Vidal fought in World War II). The words " liberal elite " will interject themselves into any sentence concerning Gore Vidal. And his highly controversial statement that the Bush administration knew that the World Trade Center would be attacked ( which I don't believe for one minute) will be brought up. Finally, Gore Vidal's sanity will be called into question and senility will be hinted at. The Corsair had a brief phone encounter with this honorable man of letters. In 1995, while an intern at The Nation , Christopher Hitchens asked me to fax a story on Marty Peretz of the New Republic to Gore Vidal . Gore Vidal's fax was busy do I called him up to tell him it was coming through. In the background I heard voices and music, apparently Gore Vidal was having a party at his palazzo. "Pronto!" he yelled into the phone, sounding a little sloshed. I told him what was coming, he politely turned on the fax, and that was it. My brush with Vidal. At that moment my desire to be a writer in the manner of Vidal was strengthened one hundred fold. I wanted to dash of essays Montaigne -style on Art and Politics and I wanted to enjoy life in all its rich glory. It is unfortunate that Vidal uses such inflamatory rhetoric during this tense period in American history. The problem with Gore Vidal is that he was born rich and has lived his life where every utterance is taken as God's word, among idolizing students, servants, Presidents ( Kennedy , Hillary ?), and socialites ( Jackie O , Eleanor Roosevelt , Joanne Woodward ). He is for all intensive purposes the eccentric Southern Patriarch straight out of William Faulkner . Operating out of that kind of fawning cosmos, a person doesn't practice the necessary art of self censorship of the politically incorrect, or even socailly irresponible statement. Millionaire playboy-editor-journalist Taki is exactly the same way. Of course if you mentioned something like this to Vidal, he'd just say you're hopelessly middle class. Older people tend to get more extreme with age as if all of their ideas past and present had crystallized into a sharp essence. For further reference, check out any talk show with callers that are seniors. And it is very sad that Gore Vidal is on the brink of being villified at a time he should be resting on his commedable laurels. Sadness all around. I can't bear to watch.

 Help Tucker Carlson Name His PBS Show Yes, you read me correctly, Tucker Carlson is going to get a urlLink gig hosting a talk show on PBS. "We wanted someone with a little levity on PBS ," says executive producer Jeff Bieber . "Yes, I used levity and PBS in the same sentence." Washington's WETA will produce the unnamed 30 minute porgram. Anyone want to help Carlson find name for his new show? Email The Corsair at: papermag@yahoo.com.

 Indiewire: Elephant Tops List The folks at urlLink IndieWire are still keeping the indie banner alive even though everyone else seems to have sold their asses out (think Parker Posey , Peter Berg and even John Favreau with that big budget kids movie Elf ) to The Man. I guess independent film is a waystation until you can smoke Camels at the urlLink Chateau Marmont and make big stupid Hollywood films with happy endings? Even though Indie cred isn't worth a stack of celluloid, I still loves ya, Porgie! Elephant tops the IndieWire: Bot , which reports grosses for limited release movies. They write: 'Elephant' continues to show some legs, returning to the number one position on the iW: BOT after spending last weekend at number two. " Shattered Glass " switched places with "Elephant" in its second weekend in theaters, while the final film of the Sundance film series, " Die Mommie Die ," sashayed into third place. Also apparently opening well was doc " The Revolution Will Not be Televised " on one New York screen."

 No Cash For Rosie! urlLink Media Life reports that the judge has thrown out Rosie O'Donnel's case against G&J. Media Life reports: "( Judge Ira) Gammerman essentially kicked the case out of court earlier this morning, ruling that neither side in the dispute over the collapse of Rosie magazine would collect damages."

 George Wayne Gets Lucky The always great Michael Musto gives us the goods on GW in the must-read urlLink La Dolce Musto . Apparently GW, the quirky Vanity Fair interviewer and sometime star of Taback's Black and White touched the shlong of "a guy in glitter makeup and angel wings" at Susanne Bartsch's Halloween bash. Only in New York kiddies ...

 Who Is Your Favorite Talking Head ? News talking heads are sexy for a number of reasons. For one, they are wise, informing us of world events. Another reason that talking heads are sexy is that they are hired, in many instances, for their looks. Well, independent web site Gogomag.com offers readers who watch way too much tv a chance to rate their urlLink own favorite news talking heads . The usual suspects place well: Laurie Dhue , Brooke Alexander , Anderson Cooper ... but there are some surprises. For example: who would have thought that Fox Tv's Shephard Smith would top the men's list? And while we are at it: who would have thought that readers of Gogomag.com think that NBC News hottie Campbell Brown would only get 3 percent of the vote? Who knew? RESPOSES Jeremy Burnich votes for, " Mishal Husain - BBC World News Anchor ." And Frank Lynch votes for Soledad O'Brian , CNN's American Morning " Keep those votes coming!

 Darth Vader: Journo Spotlight Leads to the Dark Side Hayden Christiansen , who plays Darth Vader in the Star Wars series, weighed in on journos and media types in the latest Interview Magazine : Richard Dorment : Tell me what crossed your mind when, eight months after Shattered Glass finished shooting, the Jayson Blair scandal broke? Hayden Christiansen : They were both people who obviously sought the spotlight. Doing that seems to be a journalist's urlLink biggest downfall . But, Hayden ... what about The Corsair ? We want spotlight! We want the dark side !

 Will Mort Zuckerman Make Bid For New York? Michael Wolff and adman Donny Deutsch , American Media and CurtCo Robb Media have all made the Friday deadline for submitting bids on New York magazine, according to urlLink Advertising Age . Does this mean Daily News publisher Mort Zuckerman is out?

 Jane Pratt in 2004? In the Jane Magazine September 2003 edition, the staff spoofed the idea of a urlLink Jane Pratt candidacy . But The Corsair has to admit: Jane Pratt does look stylish. Jane also is media savvy, from her old tv show as well as her magazine work. Jane could rock the vote with young, single Sex and the City crowd. The Corsair says -- tongue in cheek: 'Run, Jane, run!'

 Kobe Bryant Hearing Transcript TheSmokingGun.com has posted the text of the preliminary hearing of The People of The State of Colorado versus Kobe Bean Bryant urlLink online .

 Padma Lakshmi: Bud Girl Salman Rushdie's gorgeous model galpal Padma Lakshmi is set to become a Budweiser model, urlLink according to Hello Magazine . The Corsair encountered Lakshmi and Rushdie several years ago walking arm in arm on a brisk Autumn night several years ago on the Upper West Side and shot a silent smile to Rushdie. Rushdie returned the existential aside, but Lakshmi scowled and tightly held on to the arm of her paramour before walking away. The Corsair can understand the jealousy, however misplaced. Lakshmi has a good thing going with Rushdie and it is best to keep it close at hand. The Corsair wishes Lakshmi the best of luck at Budweiser and her quest to finally get the world famous novelist to make an honest woman out of her. But Padme, why not give an inobtrusive fan a fair shake?

 Samantha Gets Breast Cancer Beloved Sex and the City's Samantha is going to get breast cancer this season, urlLink reports the Star Magazine . Kim Catrall's sex obsessed character gets the bad news after returning home with her gal pals from a vacation in France. Even The Corsair is a little misty about this news about a fictional character; Samantha was the one we liked the best. urlLink Who would you kill on SATC , bTW? Hmm?

 White Lights! Vivid Dreams of Sharon Former A-Lister and current wacky Hollywood femme fatale Sharon Stone dicusses her 2001 brain aneurysm with ... the British press. Ah, well: who else to discuss personal health issues? Sheesh : celebrity. From Hello! Magazine , November 25, 2003: "I really changed after the aneurysm ... I saw the white light. It was a very beautiful and illuminating experience." Riight. And speaking of crazy celebrities, there is a Michael Jackson joke a thon going on at urlLink Velvet Rope . For example: How does Michael Jackson pick his nose? F rom a catalogue . Oh well, they have better ones at V elvet Rope .

 That was Steven Brill All Over From James Cramer's autobiographical Confessions of a Street Addict , on mini mogul Steven Brill : "(Brill) never did know when to quit, though, and could not bear to lose at anything. At the firm's summer outing at Brill's Westchester mansion, he divided us into teams, placing us in his pool, and insisted we play a vicious game of water polo where dunking was encouraged and expected. He relished the contact, being a head taller than just about anyone else on the opposing squad, including me. Just as I was about to score what would have been the tying goal for my team, Brill sank his teeth into my throwing arm , spouting blood into the clear water in a steady stream. As everyone looked on in horror, I could only laugh . That was Steve all over." The Corsair is currently in the fetal position, knees touching his pronounced cheekbones, rocking himself back and forth, mumbling over and over again, "the New York media will be the end of me..."

 Kobe Accuser Checks Into Rehab The National Enquirer is reporting that Kobe's accuser has checked urlLink into a rehab clinic . The Corsair has always maintained -- okay, not always -- that either Kobe Bryant is a sociopath and liar or the accuser is: someone is lying. The fact that the accuser has entered rehab could have a great impact on the case -- or, to play devils advocate, it could indicate that the stress of the incident is getting to her.

 Is Castro a Pimp? Well, he certainly is pimpy, if not a pimp proper. What, with all that hair and the imperial manner and so forth. urlLink Baroness Sheri de Borchgrave , who knows a thing or two about abusive relationships, gives her jewelers eye to the situation in Cuba. Does Castro horrible mismanagement of this socialist country mean that he is enabling the massive prositution industry? urlLink And while we're on a porny topic, the court documents on the Paris Hilton tape are in and urlLink they are complicated . Here goes: Marvad made a deal with a man named Thrasher, who represented himself as selling the tapes with the permission of Rick Solomon , who now says that that is not the case. And, apparently, Paris was ostensibly okay with the tape being sold. Riiight . Who says porn companies aren't sleazy? Anyhoo : This Thrasher guy said he already split the $50,000 with Solomon and plans to do the same with the 30 percent profits from the tape. And Jennifer Anniston reached a $550,000 settlement for topless pics of her urlLink making the rounds .

 Gary Wills on Gore Vidal "I no longer read Vidal ... there are too many inaccuracies (in his work)." On a public radio interview.

 Why George Stephanopoulos will Fail at ABC Not since Attilla the Hun's aggressive campaign against the Roman Empire has anyone been so audacious and bold as George Stephaopoulos' very public transformation from the creepy giggling elf behind James Carville's Cajun strategist routine in The War Room into a respected network news correspondent, or, as they say in the biz a " Wise Man." Imagine the thumos involved (George would appreciate the Greek philosophical reference) to think that you can go from the "the mouthpiece that turned" of the Clinton Years to Cronkite or Eric Sevareid , if you will, without paying the requisite dues. One wonders whether the appropriate response is to applaud or to be appalled at the cheek displayed. ABC TV was driven by a felt need to make a sexier broadcast -- they just were; they saw their line up of Sam Donaldson and Cokie Roberts -- a conservative tea party with no breaking scoops and little eye candy -- and thought, this is the formula for perpetual third place. ABC needed to bring a bull into the proverbial China Shop. In third place there is little room for failure. So: here comes velvety voiced squeaky clean metrosexual George Stephanopoulos , a yummy treat for the 20 and 30something Manolo Blahnik set, but, like Phil Donahue , not very popular with men. But Young Stephanopoulos is smart and certainly charming in a Conte Baldassare Castiglione's Book of the Courtier kind of way, not unlike Daniel Patrick Moynihan and H. Carl McCall a generation or two previous -- smart attractive men with a bold future ahead, and all that. Soon Cokie and Sam were exiting stage center, George Will's air time was curtailed, and that creepy looking reptilian Fareed Zakaria was given a short segment as counterpoint to Young Stephanopoulos. So George is alone in an ideal situation with utmost control on Sunday Morning. Yet he is still in third. George Stephanopoulos is behing Bob Schieffer, and, to be frank here, to get your ass kicked by Bob Schieffer is quite a feat. Why is this thus? The answer is so simple it is plainly in the face of the suits, but because of their training they can not and will not see it. The answer is idealistic rather than the pragmatic and bottom line orientation of the typical ABC News suit: George Steph can not be accepted as a "Wise Man," at least not for a while, because he is too protean, too untrustworty, too "European" in character. Stephanopoulos may indeed be Conte Baldassare Castiglione's ideal courtier, able to charm Clinton and Taki Theodocrapolos as well as the buxom Bebe Newirth , but the American viewer will not tune in to a Wise Man lacking in gravitas and solid character. If we were an ancient culture like, say, France, George Stephanopoulos would be accepted as an eminent talking head and intellectual, he might even be President. France is a pragmatic and ancient culture: they go in for the realities of ambition and Machiavelli; we, however, are different: America is a young nation of idealists. Naked ambition on a Stephanopoulan scale is messy, and counteractive to building public trust, i.e. ratings. We are America, not France, and, not to sound too much like Chris Matthews , a man who has his finger on the pulse of America, we like straightforward and natural people with the gravitas of conviction and loyalty. George Stephanopoulos has exhibited little or none of that in his adult life. George Stephanopoulos may one day pay his dues and become a man of gravitas like Tim Russert (think: Moynihan, Buffallo, NY rustic principles, family man, Roman Catholic, "working class") or Chris Matthews (Peace Corps in Africa, behind the scenes opeator for Tip O'Neill , practicing Catholic, "working class", centrist, appalled by Clinton's moral failings, family man). But to paraphrase Rose Tremain's glorious refrain in Restoration for her mercurial character Sir Merivel, "(George Stephaopoulos) is not yet the man he will become." And, whe he finally does complete that process, what an interesting person -- in politics and as a world commentator -- will be the man in full George Stephanopoulos. Until then we get to see George in a spiffy new studio (why do network suits always construct elaborate new studios when a show is tanking? What is that about? Remember Bryant Gumbell's new studio? And Dianne Sawyer's at the beginning of her GMA run?) pressing buttoons and getting no public trust.

 New Archaeological Find The Corsair loves new urlLink archaeological finds . A New Testament verse inscribed on an ancient shrine. And, speaking of things antiquated: when will Morley Safer retire and let a young and hungry investigative journo get a urlLink break on 60 Minutes ? And speaking about antiquities what is it about Ambassador L.Paul Bremer's chair? It is just too imperial -- you know what I mean fellow media watchers? It's like he should be slurping a mint julep on that antique chair, inspecting his plantation or something. It is a very wierd looking chair: all elevated and throne-like. That chair is not helping post-Persian Gulf War relief efforts.

 Whatever Happened To Vladimir Posner? Remember that communist guy, Vladimir Posner , that used to hang with Donahue and defend the urlLink Soviet Union pre-Perestoika ? He was Gary Coleman to Phil Donahue's Conrad Bain . It was cool in the early 90s to have a pet Communist, I suppose. Whatever happened to that guy? I mean, America won the Cold War, but we won't gloat. I mean, we even found work for Yakov Smirnoff .

 Eminem Petition A petition is circulating to get Eminem off of Interscope as a result of his racist comments urlLink in a rap song .

 So You Wanna Be A Neoconservative? Years after pathbreaking philosopher Leo Strauss shuffled off the mortal coil and was welcomed into the Isle of the Blessed , where he and Plato and Aristotle discuss the Great Issues, things aren't going so well for neoconservatives. For one, Paul Wolfowitz and Donald Rumsfeld are on the outs with President George Bush . For the moment, at least, Colin Powell and the State Department and Condi Rice and the NSC are making the big calls on foreign policy. And second, the sugardaddy of the neocon movement, Lord Conrad Black is no longer at the urlLink helm of Hollinger . THe Forward writes: "Given Hollinger's $730 million of debt, observers see no way for the company to survive without selling at least some of its assets." There goes The Sun ? And is that in The National Interest ?

 Michael Jackson Legal Documents The folks at TheSmokingGun.com are on the money. They have posted legal documents regarding the urlLink 1993 case against Jacko . The case was settled out of court. Chilling stuff.

 Mary Louise Parker I don't really have much to say about this except that I am sorry that such a pretty women would hook up with such a geek like Billy Crudup who dumps his women when they are urlLink 7 1/2 months pregnant .

 Francis Ford Coppolla Wants The Money Honey It's just for a part. Honestly. No, really. Francis Ford Coppolla wants CNBC's Maria Bartiromo , for a urlLink "part ." Oh, Is that what enterprising people call it now-- a part ? A " piece" was what The Corsair called it back in the day, thank you very much. Surprisingly, Lloyd Grove of the Daily News actually came up with this chesnut, meaning he is actually stretching his legs, singing for his supper, and hunting for some New York snark. "He's doing it in his own time, according to nobody else's schedule but his," a Coppola spokeswoman told Grove. Of course Coppolla is thinking about the best thing for his picture and not basing his casting decisions on Bartiromo's luscious lips, her expressive Neapolitain eyes, that honeyed voice ... ahem. The Corsair needs to get some air.

 Child Stars: Unsafe at Any Speed With a little less snark than usual I submit to you this post. Why do we have child stars? I mean, in the bigger picture, isn't there something creepy about parents who parade prancing and emoting children in front of us for financial gain? Or maybe parading their kids around fulfills some sense of unfulfilled potential on their part. Whatever the case: child stardom from a standpoint of labor and psychological well being is wrong . Think of all those creepy commercials that feed off of our natural affection for innocent children to part us from our pocketbooks. Think of "Mikey" on the cereal commercials. Think of the Oscar Meyer kid. Effective, no? I'll bet you're humming that tune right now at the keyboard. We certainly do not need children pitching cold cuts on tv. But what about acting? That is harder, I think, to pull off such a ban in a modern democracy. I think that children on tv or in film should be restricted in some manner . I know what you're thinking: The Corsair has finally let his totalitarian roots show. But taken from the standpoint that 7 year old kids do not work in mines, maybe we can do something urlLink about this . I don't mean ban kids from the movies altogether: I just mean set it up so that a kid under, say, 14 has to justify the labor, perhaps in front of a judge in family court even. If the director or central casting can argue to the judge that the role is a learning experience that will benefit the child even as it benefits the box office, then, fine. Why is The Corsair bringing this up now? Two words and one name: Michael Jackson . Michael Jackson was a child star who gave up his childhood to enrich his freaky parents. Somewhere along the line his whole mindset got haywired and we are in the mess we are in now. And it's not just Michael Jackson. Child stars are menaces to society. For every relatively successful person like Danny Bonaduce (who has his issues) there are tragedies like Dana Plato , Todd Bridges and the rest of them. In fact, the only people whom I have ever seen defending child actors are their whacked out parents on, say, Maury Pauvich or Oprah . We all are averse to child stars -- whether the freaky mousekateers who evolve into plastic life forms, or the sitcom cuties who evolve into Scott Baio's . Don't even mention Halley Joel Osment . After losing his Oscar bid Osment is said to have broken down into uncontrollable tears. So much so that he didn't stop until Harrison Ford offered him a part in his next movie, which ultimately never panned out (hey, it's a tough town). Either Osment was being genuine in his severe dejection at the loss, or he was crazy like a fox and either position is not what we as Americans want for our children. Let's make it a court issue for people to thrust their children into the entertaionment media.

 Who Are You Anyway? I'm Ron Mwangaguhunga , son of Uganda's former diplomat to Canada, the US, and, finally, the UN, Louis Kayanda Mwangaguhunga . I was born in Kampala, Uganda, educated at the UN School , St. Johns College (Great Books) and Marlboro College (John Dewey). I worked at New York , The Nation , Paper, Silicon Alley Reporter and was Editor in Chief at MacDirectory . Currently I am working to launch an as yet untitled magazine on independent film and technology. I hope to get it off the ground by February 2004. My work has appeared in the urlLink NY Press and urlLink National Review Online -- I'm not as liberal as most of my friends think --and I can die now happily because Richard Johnson and Chris Wilson mentioned me in Page Six a few years ago. There, now you know.

 Sylvester Stallone Investigated The Drudge Report today reports that Sylvester Stallone has been urlLink questioned by the FBI. Apparently, the questioning involves "disgraced celebrity sleuth" Anthony Pellicano. And, of course Cindy Adams -- that friend of Suhuarto and the Marcos dictatorships urlLink is buddies with him . Perhaps Homeland Security can investigate his film urlLink Driven, because it was a bomb . Or maybe the agricultural department because it was a rotten tomato. Okay, I'll stop now.

 Why Is Eisner Still At Disney? Wasn't November supposed to be the month that Eisner either showed some miraculous growth numbers for urlLink Disney or he was to be shown the door? urlLink Sheesh . Will someone fire urlLink Michael Eisner already ! We all know that he is antagonizing Steve Jobs and the guys at Pixar who are singlehandedly urlLink saving Disney's bacon. Michael Wolff made an interesting comment on Eisner a while ago in his column in New York . Eisner has made himself indispensible at Disney. He has a large amount of shares and, like an African dictator, he has never groomed a succesor. So it would be hard to fire Eisner without greatly affecting the already bad stock price. Sad that a public company has to be held hostage to the Hollywood tactics of a real punk like Michael Eisner. Will the Board of Directors react? only time will tell.

 Jay McInerney Slurps I have two recurring dream-reality issues. One, I believe that there was a cartoon in which Laverne and Shirley are trapped on an island with a pig as a marine sargeant. Everyone tells me there was no such thing, but I am sure it is not a dream, this was an actual cartoon . Am I going crazy? Anyhoo: the second issue is that Jay McInerney was actually a wine columnist for House and Garden . This book of his is a collection of his columns and is urlLink surprisingly bad . Like his mentor, Norman Mailer , McInerney thinks that because he can write he has the authority to write about anything .... even subject matter of which he clearly has no grasp. He goes on for 278 pages and expects us to fork over $24.95 so that he can associate himself with fine wine in gassy verbiage. To know the meaning of a good belly laugh, The Corsair suggests you read McInerney's chapter on port. Jay, why don't you just admit you don't know what the fuck you're talking about?

 Gurley's Figured Our David Brooks I like George Gurley . He writes these somewhat pronographic little asides in the Observer . Well, now he takes on David Brooks . I can't figure this guy out. He is a great writer with a keen eye on the materialism and shallowness of urban liberals in Bobos in Paradise , but what is he doing suing the New York Times Op Ed Pages to continue his epater la bourgoisie ? It's odd, to say the least. Well, I'm tired of racking my brains on this, urlLink Gurley has a clue .

 Harold Bloom Blasts Steven King Rush and Moloy report that the beloeved superintellectual Harold Bloom is upset that Steven King is getting the urlLink National Book Foundation Award (whatever that is). Bloom, perhaps the greatest living explainer of Shakespeare now living, should take heart. We love Bloom's interpretation of Falstaff and Hamlet. Dear Bloom, nowadays these book thingies, from The Oprah Club to the Kelly Ripa Club (like Oprah and Kelly are depleting Barnes and Noble stocks) are just ways to get people in this country to tear away from the tv sets and read a little, expand the old attention span. Shakespeare is forever, Dr. Bloom, Steven King is to get people to open a book.

 Our Eminem Problem My sister, the excellent Elizabeth Mwangaguhunga is drawing up a petition against Eminem in light of his revealed urlLink racist tape . It was too good to be true in a way. I mean, how many trailer park lower middle class angry white men are there who harbor no racist feeling? As black radio stations clamour to defend the young Eminem and Dr. Dre seriously reconsiders his street cred, some questions ought to be asked. One: Why did it take so long for Eminem to admit he made racist rap songs? Two: What was he thinking? Did he think a racist rap song would get air play on the anti-black radio station? Three: Why is Eminem playing this off as a "The Source hates me" issue and not tackling it head on? I cannot say I am a fan of Eminem, but I feel sorry for him as he has a formidable opponent in my sister.

 Michael Jackson is Going to Jail This time Michael Jackson is not going to see The Wiz , no, this time Michael Jackson is going straight to OZ. No amount of moonwalking will get him out of it. Can you imagine Jacko in a moist Oz-like environment? In prison, it is said, child molesters are considered the lowest of the low. Even criminals, it appears, have standards. So Michael Jackson, who is 90 pounds soaking wet, will eat and sleep with Addebezzi -like characters, with the Chuck Zitos of the world if, of course, he does not just head straight ot Algiers or Morocco. This will not harden the composer of "Ben," it will, quite frankly kill him. Not that I am a fan of Jacko. He has been a well known child molester for years. In the diaries of his last "conquest", Michael Jackson was said to be obsessed with the young Macauley Culkin . Jesus. I just question whether having him die in a maximum security prison is the way to solve the societal problem of Michael Jackson.

 David Brooks Bitchslaps The "Cognoscenti" David Brooks is a strange kind of conservative. His urlLink Bobos in Paradise was a brilliant sociological skewering of the typical Upper West Side liberal phoney, but now he turns his eye on the cultural elite ... from the urlLink Op Ed section of The New York Times . Hmmm. Note to David: You cannot get more cultural elitist than the NY Times. Anyhoo: David peppers his column with mentions of Vogue , InStyle , Diana Vreeland , Helmut Lang , Anna Wintour , and even Kate Spade gift bags. So, The Corsair has to ask: who is David speaking to? Every damned week without fail Brooks slaps us around with mentions of the magazines, pop cultural names, brands, of the NY-LA-DC elites as if it is a mortal sin or something to like that sort of thing. David: One does not go to hell for eating arugula ! I mean, is Brooks talking to the Evangelical Republican small businessman in Colorado? Or is he yelling at the Manhattan cultural elite here? The Corsair is confused. Whatever the case, Brooks' casual references to Givenchy, Manolo Blahnik suggest more than a passing familiarity with the "cognoscenti."

 Michael Hirschorn Makes Good On VH1 I have to admit that I don't really remember what VH1 was like before it was cool. I vaguely recollect aging rock star video. Bad videos. Very bad videos . Don't get me wrong: I love Dylan's Jokerman and Jagger and Midler's Beast of Burden , but on the radio. They do not translate well on celluloid. Remember The Stone's Undercover of the Night ? Mick and Keith and the crew go down to some urlLink Latin American country for some political intrigue ? Yeah, Riiight. What were they thinking? The only way Mick is going to some Latin American country is to knock up some supermodels! Please, baby, please, no aging rock star videos ! Anyhoo: Michael Hirschorn is the man responsible for making urlLink VH1 cool and irony laden. Hirschorn filled the programming with Countdowns and Nostalgia and Irony and Snark: a healthy diet for the Gen Xer. We like Mike here at The Corsair .

 My Trio I guess Joe Klein is an okay guy. I've never met him. He seems to have a bit of a wit, for someone who works at Time Magazine , the world's capitol of gravitas and all that. In the end, there is nothing wrong with Joe Klein that a robust multivitamin couldn't remedy. But what was he thinking when Trio TV gave him the urlLink gig of a lifetime ? I mean, who wants to watch endless hours of Battle of the Network Stars ? Who even watched Battle of the Network stars back then, when Telly Savalas and Gabe Kaplan had juice? Not me: and I was a hip 6 year old. Who loves ya, baby? Now, If Laura Zalaznick of Trio Tv called The Corsair (call me, Laura, call ... me ...) and asked: What low budget high quality shows would you program for Trio TV? Remember, we only have a fraction of the network budgets, but we want high quality. I would say: Laura, have you ever read my blog? I am all about low budget high quality. Anyhoo : These are some of my picks: Masterpiece Theater: Last of the Mohicans . No, not the cheesy Michael Mann MTV video. This is the real deal. The French and Indian War. The drama. For some bizarre reason the Masterpiece Theater programs made in the 7os -- arguably the best programming of all time -- languish in somneone's vault. Alice: I've always wondered if this was a comedy or a tragedy or a "dramedy", that significant 70s cultural artifact. A single mom who sings Bradway showtunes working to support her kid in Arizona on diner tips. If you take out the laugh track, this could easily be a David Lynchian show, no? Without the laugh track it could be an American drama drenched in pathos, like Dreiser's Sister Carrie . Don't even get us started on the great Vic Tayback banging the pick up bell with his spatula like the true character actor he was. Rich Man Poor Man: Observe Nick Nolte before the fermented grape stole his looks. Then again, there is charm in Nolte's whiskey ravaged grim visage. Poldark: This cult British tv series is habit forming. Incredible. Just urlLink incredible . Assorted Good Times episodes: Come on, you know you had a crush on Wilona when you were kid, don't you; or, if you were a girl, Bookman the janitor was your long cold drink of water. The one where Michael gets drunk off some "elixir" was a classic. So was the episode when James has hypertension. So was ... hey ... was this urlLink a comedy or what ? The Big Blue Marble: My favorite show as a kid, if you must know. Carl Sagan's Cosmos: Okay, so in the madcap world of astrophysics urlLink Sagan's hypotheses are probably all outmoded already . So what? This series was the bomb! Classics do not get outmoded. We want astrophysics! Fame the TV Series : Why are there not repeats on VH1 already? When you say low budget and high quality I think .. right here's where you start paying for it ... with pain ... and sweat . Schoolhouse Rock: The Figure Eight . Mysterious, melancholy and mathematically instructional. The Black Stallion: This Coppolla produced flic is perhaps the most beautiful filmed movie ever. The Gore Vidal-Bill Buckley Fight It was in the heart of the 60s. The left and the right clash violently on national television . A classic. Woody Allen's Teleplay: Don't Drink the Water. One of the most interesting experiments ever. Woody Allen directs and writes a teleplay starring Michael J Fox and the kid who played Blossom . Okay, so those are some of my Trio picks. And you have to admit it is a hell of a lot better than Battle of the Network Stars .

 The Real World: Done Finally, after years of vicariously watching that overdone Bunim and Murray confection where twentysomethings are "hooking up," I can honestly say I'm over The Real World . Gag me with a fork, I am done. Watching plants produce oxygen could easily top The Real World Paris as far as sheer excitement. I'm not sure why I ever began to watch this show. Possibly peer pressure: the need to chat at the water cooler with the other fact checkers and editors over those crazy Gen Y nudists. I guess in the beginning, before we all became jaded on reality tv shows like a hobo on muscatel, there was something going on . The Real World was my crystal meth. And it was good while it lasted, I suppose, as tweaks go. But I'm over it . I mean, everyone would like to watch attractive twentysomethings get amorous -- wouldn't that explain the porn boom? It's just that watching these pretty but dim bulbs start "businesses" and compete against each other and get on each others nerves is just a bit of a snooze. Soap operas have better plots. The Greeks were great with wisdom. Cephalus quotes Sophocles the playwright and poet in The Symposium as follows: Cephalus : . . . "I was present . . . one time when someone asked the poet Sophocles : "How are you in regard to sex, Sophocles? Can you still make love to a woman?" Hush man, the poet replied, I am very glad to have escaped from this, like a slave who has escaped from a mad and cruel master." I thought then that he was right, and I still think so, for a great peace and freedom from these things come with old age . . . . (329 c)." Well, at 32 I don't need the viagra yet, but like Sophocles I am free from the tyranny of the cruel master The Real World . Basta!

 Michael Wolff: Media Person of the Year "Today's vast world of media is shaped by many bold and audacious personalities," says I Want Media . "But which individual most deserves to be recognized for his or her impact on the media in 2003? " The Corsair thinks Michael Wolff was clearly the media person of the year. Audacious? Wolff! Wolff won the National Magazine Award in 2002 for columns and commentary. Then, this year Wolff stunned the world's media by making controversial statements about CENTCOM during the Second Gulf War , asking General Vincent Brooks, "I mean no disrespect, but what is the value proposition of these briefings. Why are we here? Why should we stay? What's the value of what we're learning at this million dollar press centre?" Audacious! Wolff also stunned the snarky and highly envious New York Media clique when it was revealed that he makes more than $450,000 a year from his gig at New York Magazine . And, to add salt to our wounded pride, he is currently in the thick of a urlLink bid to buy the aforementioned New York, thus transforming us all from fancy free scribblers to Masters of Our Own Fate . Autumn of the Moguls , his paean to media moguls, was published in November 2003 to generally good reviews. In fact, Wolff declared the New York Times Book Review dead, and, later they gave Autumn of the Moguls a positive review. And even though he called Miramax honcho Harvey Weinstein a "thug," that gangster of New York still attended urlLink Michael's book party at -- where else -- Michael's. That's "juice." He buried the hatchet with Barry Diller and he analyzed Tina Brown's rough year, but in the end Michael Wolff looked down from all of this media hooplah from his Table No. 5 looking pretty solid. In fact, very solid. Maybe we should all be wanna-be mogul's? Send your nominees to: feedback@iwantmedia.com

 Lord Black of Crossharbour to Step Down Breaking News: Lord Conrad Black of Crossharbour has resigned as chief executive of Hollinger Inc after it was found that $32 million in unauthorized payments had been made to urlLink Black and other top executives . See Th e Corsair's Take on the urlLink Conrad Black-Mort Zuckerman battle for the NY Daily News .

 The Return of Maer Roshan Mae r Roshan , the editor-in-chief of Radar takes aim at Forbes's urlLink false story on the Poynter.org urlLink Letters Forum . "It may disappoint the ghoulish peers who keep predicting Radar's demise, but there's life in the old gal yet," writes Roshan. "Though some of Radar's phone numbers changed when we moved into new offices last month, our main number remains 212 55-RADAR , as Forbes would have discovered if it had bothered to call it."

 Hollywood Studio Heads Hijack Indie Oscar Hopes If anyone hasn't sold out yet it is Eugene Hernandez and the folks at urlLink IndieWIRE . But it seems that even the Indie mini-studios are in trouble. Jack Valenti , head of the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) (hasn't he been in power for, like, as long as an African dictator?) has finalized the controversial awards season screener ban which "will only allow tapes for members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences." In recent years, indie films that might have been overlooked by screeners have recieved nominations. The studio heads of Dreamworks , MGM , New Line , Paramount , Sony , Fox , Universal , Disney and Warner Bros have been criticized by indie luminaries, including: Darren Aronofsky , Todd Field , Richard Kelly , producers Mary Jane Skalski , Jeremy Thomas , Eric Watson , and Eden Wurmfeld , and actors Maggie Gyllenhaal , Peter Sarsgaard and Sissy Spacek . Kevin Iwashina , Peter Levine and Jason Tuchinsky from CAA , John Lesher from Endeavor , Julie Yorn and Adam Schulman from The Firm, and David Schiff from UTA among others. While Valenti uses the the anti-piracy argument, there is no question that this ruling will all but shut out the smaller independent features for Oscar awards, or even Oscar nominations.

 Norman Mailer: That Spooky Fart" Oh dear Jesus . Norman Mailer , the countercultural literary hero and self proclaimed "heavyweight champion of writing" has suffered a TKO in his latest piece of ... " urlLink work " called Modest Gifts: Poems and Drawings . The Corsair may blast The New York Press from time to time, but Alexander Zaitchik's vivisection of Mailer's new money making scheme is urlLink right on the money . It takes a lot of nerve to expect $14.95 for this crock of shit. It doesn't even appear as if Mailer has ever tried to learn how to draw, or sketch, or whatever it is he is hoisting on us. His poetry is, as usual, uninspired, self indulgent and stupid. Mailer's got a lot of alimony payments and so maybe that's why he is hawking his wares in this untoward manner. I guess that the venerated writer -- now past 80 years on Earth -- is so great that we should be happy to snatch up the scaps from his table from on high in P-Town . One should marvel in the godlike grandeur of his sloppy scribblings and adolescent, undisciplined poetry, for he is Mailer , he is our great American of Letters. After publishing That Spooky Art , a weak cut and paste job worthy of anything William Burroughs produced in his last days (and that's not saying much), one should have seen this coming. In his senectitude Mailer has morphed from hipster to hustler, selling us knock of writing for real literature. Do not buy this book, dear readers, The Corsair has spoken. Norman Mailer's Modest Gifts is not a book to be tossed aside lightly, to paraphrase Dorothy Parker , it should be thrown with great force !

 How Come Movies on the Media Don't Do Well? Maybe we are all just navel-gazing at ourselves? It is a possibility. How else to explain why we love movies on the media than nearly everyone else in the Western world does? I was wondering how come movies dealing with the media -- i.e. journos, djs, talking heads, editors -- don't do so hot in their cumulative box office numbers? Almost Famous , which is perhaps the most beloved journo movie of this age, had a cumulative box office of a measley $31.7 million. Elf made that much on its opening weekend! Even that Steven Glass movie Shatterd Glass has earned only about $269,898 , despite tons of media attention, including Hayden Christiansen appearing on Reliable Sources , as well as tons of raves in everything mediacentric from Interview to The Observer . Veronica Guerin hasn't even earned more than $10 million yet, depite -- t ellingly -- critical and media raves. Howard Stern's Private Parts only earned $40 million, despite his being on every cover imaginable (Can you say overexposure ? Can you say ultraoverexposure ? Then again, exposed private parts and Stern go hand in hand, so to speak ). Woody Allen often spoofs the lives of television writers and we all know of his dismal box office numbers, which fly in the face of his East Coast media acclaim. Let's face it, my fellow media monkeys we in the media and of the media love ourselves a lot more than the heartland loves us . Don't feel bad, though, cultural elites: I love you, baby. The Corsair will always love you and cover your snarkiness with affection. Now, bookmark us.

 Peltz In On New York Mag Contest It looks like Nelson Peltz , the billionaire stepfather of ABC reporter urlLink Perri Peltz is in on the New York Magazine buyers sweepstakes. report Keith J. Kelly and Erica Copulsky of The New York Post urlLink today . So that puts him in league with Mort Zuckerman , Donnie Deutsche and Michael Wolff , Tribune Co., American Media and William Curtis , the CEO of Curtco Media. Who says it's the Twilight of the Moguls ?

 Have You Sold Out Yet? Yes, even Elizabeth Spiers , the patron saint of all bloggers has admitted to urlLink selling out . then again, don't we all sell out sooner or later? Or, am I wrong on this? I mean, Johnny Depp lives in France , away from the whole star fucker capitol of the world, raises his child in relative obscurity, does intelligent and edgy films. But for every Depp, there is the John Favreau , king of the independent circuit and host of Dinner For Five , on the Independent Film Channel urlLink of all places . Of course Favreau caved at the chance to direct a Bif Fat Silly Hollwood Holiday Film called, Elf . Then there is Nick Coppola , who was hailed for his quirky indie films, but leaped at the chance to play the alcoholic who falls for a hooker with a heart of gold in Leaving Las Vegas . We won't even mention Gone in 60 Seconds . The Beatles and The Stones and even Dylan regularly sell their 60s tunes to urlLink The Man . If Spy Magazine were still around -- or even Radar (where are ya Maer Roshan ?) -- the cover story would almost certainly be " Have You Sold Out Yet?" It seems that everyone except urlLink David Lynch already has ...

 Is This The End of Dan Rather? urlLink Today's Drudge Report has as it's headline, " DAN RATHER MAY END ANCHOR RUN NEXT YEAR ." It goes on to say, "Executives plot late '04 departure of CBS star... 'After the election, we are looking at changes,' a top network source tells DRUDGE... " Wow. Now, The Corsair has to take this with a pinch of salt as Drudge is well known for dropping the ball on big exclusives (remember the "exclusive" that Eisner and Disney were going to buy Apple Computer ?) urlLink What a howler in bad reporting . But this could be true, as Drudge has conservative informants high up in the media Establishment, and Rather's retirement would be major news. Let The Corsair count the ways in which this is a significant development. For one, In 1986, Dan Rather was stalked, pummeled and kicked on a Manhattan sidewalk by a well-dressed man who kept asking "Kenneth, what is the frequency?" On REM's 1994's Monster album, they viciously (deliciously) parodied the line in their single hit of the same name.This bit of trivia, by the way, is a propos of nothing, The Corsair just wanted to find a use for that bit of odd arcana. Rather has been the most hated man in television news-- the antichrist , if you will, embodying the establishment left. His softball rebuttal-free interview with Sadaam Hussein , a tryant, did not help urlLink reconstruct his image in my book. And Conservatives have some cause for this animus. In April 2001, Dan Rather helped raise $20,000 for the Travis County Democratic Party in Austin, Texas. Howie Kurtz of The Washington Post did a front page story, confronting Rather. The newsman replied to criticism of his journalistic objectivity ( ABC's Jeff Greenfield , for example, once a Democrat, has renounced all partisan activity in the name of journalistic integrity), said he "wouldn't be surprised" if critics use the incident to call him a secret Democrat. "I'm going to get that criticism whether I deserve it or not." If conservatives are not fans of Rather, I don't see the left coming to his defense. And lefties are very good about aiding people who are defenseless, even after a roughing up by that well dressed man. But in fact they, too, urlLink find him unpalatable . All of this begs the question: if neither the left nor the right feels comfortable in Dan Rather's objectivity, then why is he a Wise Man ? The Corsair always thought it had to be the hair ... that, or the nervous beady eyed creepy-unstable look that he pulls off so well. UPDATE: Dan Rather, responding to the Drudge rumors, says urlLink "Hell no, I won't go!"

 Jackson Victim's Story Truly it is a day steeped in Kierkegaardian irony (I know what you're thinking: with a beginning like that, where is The Corsair going with this ?) that sources like The National Enquirer are regularly scooping the mainstream media on the celebrity gossip trial beat that ultimately fuels viewer interest in lowest common denominator fare-- especially in these dog days of Thanksgiving . Every damned cable talk show worth their salt is chatting about Michael Jackson, delivering hot air, contributing mightily to global warming; you just know Geraldo is going to cover the legal angle of this even if you never turn him on . (Incidentally, does watching Geraldo's show, much like E! Celebrity Uncensored make you just want to take a shower? No? That's just me again? Great.) It is culturally significant that Bonnie Fuller -- a media persona well ahead of the curve -- has abandoned traditional status filled glossy publications to pursue the redemption of the low market tabloid. But then again, we have been angling towards this candy colored culture of shadenfreude for some time now. Any society that allows a a romantic song with the chestnut lyrics " urlLink You remind me of my Jeep " to top the Billboard charts is sick, sick, sick and deserves what's coming to it. And then some. Anyhoo : Who doesn't like a celebrity trial is what The Corsair says-- it's just that, well, with Phil Specter's murder allegations and Jackos kid sex allegations buzzing about the ethers, things are almost a bit too ... seedy ... to excavate the snark from out of; do you know what I mean? The media landscape is cluttered with high grade humorless celebrity felonies (see today's Page Six cartoon), it reminds me of New York City under Mayor Ed Koch . Think: Streethawks , starring Sylvester Stallone and Billy Dee Williams . Seedy! It's almost too sad to comment upon. Almost! Alexis de Tocqueville hinted that democratic levelling may lead us to this 'culture of ogling cosmetically-altered criminally minded freaks straight out of central casting for Fellini's Satyricon ,' only he didn't use that particular phrasing. If anything, The Corsair loves to translate the classics into today's language. And if Howie Kurtz is talking to James Wolcott about Michael and Majestik , well, then, it cannot be completely taboo. Perhaps "celebrity justice" is a natural byproduct of democracy in this sense: the public joy, or at least, the public fascination with the ridicule of the famous provides a release valve for resentments over the natural differences in wealth and excellence. As a very public act, almost a holy excorcism of resentment , the celebrity trial affirms that we are indeed all equal before the eyes of the law , and riches don't really make you happy , right? Suuure . urlLink The National Enquirer now has the story (or, "the SHOCKING story," as they describe it after the tabloidian manner) of Jackson's alleged victim. Apparently, nude photos of the boy were taken. The Enquirer describes their particular brand of journalism in this way: "The issue that goes on sale Friday discloses how the boy's 'hostage' mom escaped from Michael's Neverland ranch, chronicles Michael's non-stop Las Vegas partying with young boys in the days before his arrest ... and much, much more." Not just much, says the noble Enquirer, but "much, much": Joy to the world.

 That Grimy Grotto Krista Allen , the urlLink very sexy pin up girl for the December 2003 Christmas issue of Stuff Magazine (hey, The Corsair only buys it for the interviews) has an interesting story about the perils of doing a swimsuit scene in the infamous Playboy masion Grotto: "We shot ( Confessions of a Dangerous Mind ) at the Grotto at the Playboy mansion . I was nervous to get in the water because, I mean, this is the Playboy grotto -- who knows what goes on in those pools. Afterwards I took a lot of antibiotics and prayed for the best."

 Madonna and Time Warner Culture "At the party to introduce Sex , (then Time Warner CEO) Jerry Levin arrived dressed for the occasion in a ( Warner Brothers ) baseball jacket. Entering he saw an actress bent over to receive a tattoo on her butt. He saw transvestites gyrating upon pedestals in leather corsets. He saw Madonna herself, led around on a leash till she bumped into Jerry, one bewildered looking executive. Others from the Time background, who had seen their careers reporting on world catastrophes, had seen it all, from Crimean mass rape to the Salk vaccine, seen it all then been able to golf a round on Sunday, felt disgust. ' Sex was a low point in publishing,' Marty Payson opined. 'Everyone associated with the company was embarassed about that.' Her book stiffled. Madonna's companion album, Erotica, became the most returned in WEA memory." Exploding: The Highs, Hits, Hype, Heroes, and Hustlers of the Warner Music Group by Stan Cornyn and Paul Scanlon.

 Tucker Carlson On Fame "Hardest of all to get used to, though, was the loss of anonymity in public. Working in television is like having your picture in the Post office. People you've never seen before know what you look like. "I didn't fully comprehend the consequences of this until I flew to Italy for a friends wedding. Thanks to bad weather I wound up spending quite a bit of time in the Paris airport. One beer led to another, and by the time I boarded the flight to Florence, I'd definitely been drinking. I wasn't embarrassingly wino drunk, though I was dirty and unshaven. I was, however, impared enough not to notice that there was a large Moroccan man seated between me and the aisle. "Not long after takeoff, I had to go to the bathroom fairly desperately. (Savvy travellers, I've since learned, don't drink four liters of beer before getting on airplanes). By this time, the Moroccan guy was asleep, completely passed out and snoring. Rather than wake him I decided to climb over his seat. Stepping from one armrest to the other, I made it successfully. "I had no such luck on my way back. Years later I convinced myself that the plane had turbulence just as I was standing over the sleeping man. I'll never know for sure. I do know that somehow I lost my balance and wound up falling knees-first into his lap. "He woke up screaming. I didn't understand the precise meaning of his words, but I got the general point. He yelled in the intercontinental language of pain, fear and confusion. I tried to apologize, but this seemed to make him more agitated. "He didn't stop shouting until I got off his lap, which wasn't easy. It was a loud moment. "But not so loud I couldn't hear my own name spoken in a stage whisper from three rows back. It was a group of American tourists. They were staring at me. "That's definitely him," said one. "I saw him on CNN last week." Tucker Carlson , Politics, Partisans and Parasites.

 Janice Dickinson: Sexing the Stars No, dear readers: The Corsair is not way behind the curve on this one; he is fully aware that Janice Dickinson's smouldering autobiography No Lifeguard on Duty has been out for a while -- but since the holidays -- the slow days -- are here: let's recap the juicy bits . Before we begin, The Corsair ran into Dickinson midtown two summers ago. She is very beautiful in a scary, dark and highly aggressive older woman way. The Corsair checked out her, uhm, assets, as she passed, and, within moments, Dickinson turned as well and returned and met this noble chronicler with a ferocious stare. This woman is not to be trifled with! Grrr... urlLink So, briefly, here is what we learn . Bill Cosby flies a fluffy supermodel out to Vegas to open up for him as a singer (yes, that is sketchy). The married Cosby comes to her room and hits on her -- she turns him down -- and he yells at her saying, angrily: "After all I've done for you, that's what I get?" urlLink Dickinson renders Warren Beatty in the sad reflection of the mirror of his vanity. Trapped in the reflection, Beatty stares at himself; plays with his hair -- for an hour or so -- after coitus with Dickinson (He's so vain; I bet he thinks this blog is about him): "I woke up a few hours later, at around three in the morning, Warren wasn't in bed. I looked across the room and found him admiring himself in the mirror. "'What are you doing,' I asked in a sleepy voice.' "'Nothing,' he said, but he couldn't take his eyes off himself. He ran his hands through his hair, staring at his own reflection in the mirror, . I went back to sleep, in the morning, when I woke up, he was standing there again, playing with his hair, mussing it; trying to get it just right -- going for that just-been-fucked look. I guess he thought he was pretty too." Helmut Newton approached her at a pool one time and asked her to "take off her clothes." To which she responded, "fuck you, you dirty old perv." Calvin Klein fires her for taking Qualudes before a fashion show, saying, "you will never work with me again, Janice, you have my solemn promise on that." Janice slept (if that is the right word) with Mick Jagger all night long: " The man was indefatigable ... He was pure energy -- kind of spooky., to tell you the truth. I woke up the next morning feeling like I'd been through a war." Sylvester Stallone , who Janice has sex with, likes to refer to the act as "bam ham slam" thinking -- sadly -- urlLink that this is witty . If you never got the book, it makes for a great urlLink Christmas present . If this is old news, hey, just remember, good gossip is forever.

 How Bush Made His Secret Iraq Trip Happen Democrats and Republicans and even Greens can all, I hope , appreciate that our President made his top secret trip to visit our demoralized troops in Iraq yesterday at high risk, for that special Thanksgiving meal. Matt Drudge , who is becoming increasingly influential among media types, what with his web exclusives and that infamous K Street "non appearance ( James Carville threatening to kick his invisible ass via his answering machine for naming Mary Matalin , his very dark wife, as a possible White House leaker to uber-grouch Washingtonian beltway insider Robert Novack )" -- anyway, Drudge gives us the meaty scoop with the help of the raw press pool notes of Washington Post reporter Mike Allen's urlLink on his site. Drudge described the event, thus: " General Sanchez said, 'God bless you for all of your sacrifices,' and hurriedly introduced Ambassador Bremer . Bremer said he had Thanksgiving greetings from the President. But then Bremer, hamming it up, looked toward stage left and said, 'Let's see if we've got anyone more senior here.' Then the President came out and the room erupted even before he reached the stage ..." The account is very interesting. One of the most interesting passages from the notes comes from a quote from Communications Director Dan Bartlett , who told the Press on Air Force One: "It is absolutely critical, when we land, that you do not open your windows. Particularly as we land and when we're on the ground, we want no light emanating from the plane. We will not be pulling up to a terminal ... We will be stopping at the end of the runway. It's just important that we move quickly, do not open up the windows to illuminate any light."

 Lawrence Taylor Turned Tricks The Corsair is in Boston now, don't ask us why. After the turkey, the triptophan and the family, he is in full pundit mode (or as the cool Michael Hirschorn might say, talent -mode), pondering deeply the issue of Lawrence Taylor , who has admitted to urlLink sending call girls to the hotel rooms of opposing team players to wipe them out before the big game. Apparently, contingent upon payment, said ladies of the evening were ordered to give the poor saps a "full night" of, um, athleticism . Holey moley, thinks The Corsair , jaded, with only the faintest whiffs of snark implied: And this nugget is airing on the prestigious 60 Minutes , of all venues. What is the media coming to? "You know what they like and what type of women they like and you just call the service," Taylor tells the ancient, pharaonic Mike Wallace . The Corsair believes that this is a stroke of evil genius right out of Sun Tsu and cannot decide whether this story is a worthy object of opprobrium or mirth. Alls fair in love and football.

 Madonna Loses Her Accent! It's official: Madonna has lost her faux British accent. Wednesday night, as The Corsair sat among family preparing for a big turkey feast, he got a pleasant surprise. On Jay Leno's late night show, Madonna dicussed her career not like a 50s movies star, but in a sort of Los Angeles Valley girl hipster accent. What's up with that? "This is a job," Madonna told Jay she advised Britney Spears , "this is not your life." But the Material girl, with her red Kabbala string firmly affixed to her well toned wrist, seemed to slip in and out of her accent. Whenever The Material One was asked, for example, to deliver pronouncements on the state of celebrity or the like ... slowly ... very slowly ... the accent veered back into Oxbridge via the Paramount lot, circa The Rat Pack days. Hmm. The Corsair can understand. Madonna, as a "pop artist" and, more specifically, a singer is a sort of amorphous self (The Corsair has dated enough "actresses" to know the drama involved in the craft). Maddy began as a NY downtown hipster by way of the University of Michigan (dance) and spoke accordingly in that familiar urban cool patois; then she was Mrs. Penn and hid from the paparazzi, demurely, as her id-driven Marlon Brando wannabe husband issued unpredictable beat downs accompanied by thuglike Quest For Fire grunts; then she was reinvented in the Latina phase (The Lost Years), where La Madonna provocatively hung around attractive gay dancers, played Truth or Dare , and engaged in epater le bourgoisie against our outmoded Victorian sexual mores (excuse us !); Now, stroll with me through the gallery of Madonna's hip hop mogul Maverick record era( "Music makes the bourgoisie and the rebel ...") , replete with the overflowing Cristal , Guy Oseary and Ingrid Cesares rubbing up against her on the aquarium dancefloor as sharks and tropical fish frolic underneath unawares, baskeball players undressing, Jose Canseco leaving her house at 6am, ah those "bling bling" days in Miami --the blessed excess ... back, when the Clinton economy was huuge . Things have gotten more domestic. Now, Madonna does dinner with Prince Charles , has urlLink a mansion and her British babies with overrated underground director Guy Ritchie . Is this where the great adventuress Madonna ends her days: shipwrecked on the somewhat ordinary shores of la Isla Bonita? In Britain, with babies, a moderately successful Britisher husband, eating boiled food and practicing the Kabbala in a draughty old mansion? The Corsair cannot help but wonder if urlLink Madge is fed up with Britain . I mean, if she is no longer speaking in the accent, how much longer can the nation itself fare in her restless artistic consciousness? So what will be the next Madonna Period ? Will it be a melancholic Blue Period, like Picasso ? Will she have a polo playing period, like the hapless pump-wielding Sylvester Stallone ? She never really did have a hip hop period -- I mean, urlLink she did "date" Tupac Shakur and all, but she was never really immersed. How about a younger guy, Madge, like Demi's Ashton or Cameron Diaz's Justin ? Who knows with the unpredictable Ms. Ciccone. Who knows, indeed.

 E! Celebrity Uncensored Is it just me or do you feel like you need to take a shower after watching the very sleazy Celebrity Uncensored on E! Television , which is also pretty slutty urlLink as far as stations go . Oh, it is just me? Swell.

 Val Kilmer: Uber-Creepy Oh, and a propos of nothing: How creepy is Val Kilmer ? I don't know why this thought came to me but let's lay it on the table and deal with it, shall we? It's not his quirky roles, like Batman , Jim Morrison or porn "star" urlLink John Holmes , although it contributes to his general oddness. No, that's not it. By Hollywood standards Val isn't that freaky, either: I mean, he didn't seduce Cher when she was 16, like urlLink Warren Beatty did . It's just a general impression Val gives off; you know, psycho vibes. Even supermodel airhead Cindy Crawford , his ex-girlfriend, hinted at it when she described him as "intense" (which, translated by The Corsair means nuttier than Martin Lawrence wearing several jump suits and jogging in LA during several summers ago, to lose weight for a movie role). Mark my words, Val Kilmer is very, very strange.

 Russell Crowe at Strip Club urlLink Testosterone feuled A Lister Russell Crowe was spotted at a well named strip club called the Dollhouse according to Jeanette Walls of MSNBC . His pregnant wife Danielle Spencer wasn't in attendance. Now, such things are not felonies, Uma used to let Ethan go to Scores all the time (and look how that worked out). Crowe and his entourage, however, freaked out when they saw cameras. Feeling a little -- how does one say this?-- guilty ? Call The Corsair cynical, but I do not think Crowe was built for monogamy . Okay, I'll say out loud what you're all thinking: it must be a slow newsday for Ol' Corsair.

 Celebrity Mug Shots While we are on The Smoking Gun , The Corsair particularly like their page devoted to urlLink Celebrity Mug Shots. Noelle Bush is a heinous one (then again what do you expect from such an .. intrusive ... "impromptu photo shoot"). And disgraced Congressman James Trafficant , with his toupee all aloft, may answer the very cool Elzabeth Spier's question as to whether or not Michael Jackson will be allowed to keep his prosthetic nose in the clink. Dana Plato's mugshot made me sad. Wynona Judd's Kinda freaked me out; it definitely harshed my mellow. But then I gazed at Carmen Electra's mugshot and everything was right in the world again.

 Kabbala Red String Theory Those cats at The Smoking Gun are at it again! Scooping the mainstream press, they give us the goods on Paris Hilton , who, when she is not wearing a black wig and keeping it on the down low , is wearing urlLink Kabbala red string to ward off bad mojo . Now I know what I want for Christmas: some Kabbala red string! The Observer's Simon Doonan was a urlLink precog on the Kabbala thing , but he has another plan for Partis' image rehabilitation: " FINAL DAY : First outing . No, not the Ivy or the Kabbalah Centre ( The Corsair is shiverring now, because Doonan wrote this days before the fact) or some other tragically trendy, paparazzid destination: Im talking about lunch at Le Deli Grandeville , a public eatery located in the basement of 450 West 33rd Street. This inappropriately monikered, unglamorous canteen feeds a wide spectrum of earnest hard-working New Yorkers, including the employees of Lerners , Channel 13 and Doubleclick. Le Deli Grandeville will be Ms. Hiltons big opportunity to find out, via supervised conversations, how the other half live." Hey, Doonan, can you gaze into your crystal ball and tell me if you see The Corsair hooking up with the BBC's sexy Washington Correspondent Katty Kay ?

 Happy Thanksgiving I've only been at this daily for about a month or so, but I'd like to take the time for those of you who have been following this daily. Have a happy and healthy Thanksgiving. I'll be off tommorrow, but back on Friday. Cheers, Ron Mwangaguhunga

 Page Six Rocks! The Corsair has always been a fan of Page Six . In fact, if he does not get his daily Page Six fix for whatever reason, he gets cranky. But to my surpise, today's Page Six is urlLink particularly juicy . We read about P Diddy declaring himself the Big Maverick Award at VH1 , a drunken Farah Fawcett (which remind The Corsair about the Joe Esterhaus tale of Farah peeing against a tree in Hollywood; Farah is very strange even for an Aquarius ) and Queen Elizabeth is furious at President Bush . Thank you God , for allowing there to be a Page Six.

 Are Corporate Magazines the New Black? Hey, what's up with corporate magazines? They are attracting some top drawer talent these days. First, the Elder Brother of the New York media elite Kurt Andersen went to Colors , which, admittedly, is not your typical corporate magazine; and, for that matter, neither is Bergdorf Goodman , which is where, among other places, the very cool Michael Gross is nesting. Magazines sponsored by a corporation allow their editors more freedom, The Corsair imagines. Then, of course, there is that persnikety question of moolah , cheddar , cash. In this media environment magazines are losing dollars by the fistful and advertisers aren't what they used to be in those glossy, glossy cyber 90s, or even the razzle dazzle Reagan years. One doesn't have to worry about that when you've got a single cash infused entity writing the checks and asking only for the prestige, the face of a top notch editor. It's a good move on all sides, The Corsair thinks: iconic brands with great editors . It is a sort of Medici -like interlocking structure of artist and patron where everyone involved gets a piece of the action. So, who is next? Michael Kinsley at Apple Magazine ? Tina Brown at The Manolo Blahnik Quarterly ? Richard Johnson at Jaguar ? The possibilities are endless.

 Graydon Carter: Libertarian Chic I know, the shrill preachiness of Ayn Rand gave them a bad name. A geeky name. But now, several decades after the fact, Graydon Carter , arbiter of DC-LA urbane, the " daddio of cool " (sorry, Tina ) is here to resurrect our favorite urlLink third party from obscurity . Atlas be Shrugged : La Graydon is a Libertarian! Get Carter. And here I always thought of Libertarians as your prototypical milk dud munching, pocket protector wearing, Cato Institute joining, economics majoring Ludwid Von Mises quote machines. Noooo: that image is so Night of January the 16th ; the new libertarian is John Gault with Saville Row suits and an architectonic haircut; de groovy . The new libertarian edits a Conde Nast glossy. Hey, even businessmen need a defender. While We the Living go on with our silly Anthems about smokers rights and the rightness of the war in Iraq, capitalist libertines everywhere can cheer, because Graydon Carter, The Voice of Reason , is looking out for captains of industry and Hollywood stars from the Editor's Letter page at VF . Basta! (PS: You know we only kid you, Graydon, because we are fond of you)

 Jack Be Nimble Jack Nicholson , the star of the upcoming Somethings Gotta Give , makes an interesting comment in the 50th Anniversary Playboy Magazine (hey, The Corsair thinks it may be a collectors item) on male nudity in American films: "In a less romantic film I would have no problem letting my tits and guts and everything else spill all over the neighborhood." Gee, thanks for sharing , Jack.

 Apologia Pro Laura Zalaznick Laura Zalaznick , prexy of Trio TV is becoming quite the celebrity in here. Anyway, if you weren't logging in earlier, there was a confusing little contretemps that is now over and I must set the record straight . The Corsair wishes to apologize from the bottom of his healthily ironic heart and feverish mind for raking the very cool Laura Zalaznick over the coals in a blog, since edited out, that accused her and Trio of pilfering my 70s miniseries idea without giving me any props. Karen Reynolds , the PR person for Universal Studios sent us a very gentle email explaining that the 70s mini series project had been in development for over a year. Oops. Maybe we are not the experts on the television side of the business as we thought we were? Then again, we all make mistakes. Anyway, I posted the idea --in rough form -- on urlLink August 2003 on Papermag.com's boards . I also emailed the idea to their programming department at feedback@triotv.com . Then, one month later, Trio urlLink TV issued a press release touting basically the exact same films that I posted for a 70s mini series film series -- how wierd is that? Anyway, I just read about the whole thing in TV Guide and said to myself: Okay, they took my idea and ran with it -- I did post it in cyberspace, the public domain, but couldn't they at least email me a heads up? Yo What's up with that? So, in an addled mood I posted a harsh open letter to Zalaznick and Trio but I was wrong. I swear to God, the whole thing was so meta: it was like that What's Happening episode where Raj thinks his episode of the kids finding the bag of money is stolen by the tv executives, but he finds out that it wasn't. Anyway, The Corsair still loves his Trio . And I guess if I was spinning this I would say The Corsair was ahead of the curve and anticipated programming at Trio. If I were spinning. Everyone watch Trios Top Ten Miniseries Countdown over the Holiday weekend.

 Whatever Happened to AJ Benza? Remember former NY Daily News gossip columnist AJ Benza , who got a movie deal with Miramax for his book Fame: Aint It A Bitch ? What urlLink happened to him ? First Chuck Zito punched him out. Then, he threatened a New York Magazine reporter (or was that before Zito, angered by the profile, punched out AJ? Who knows ). Then there is the image of him hanging out with Tupac Shakur , "dating" Camille , the current wife of Kelsey Grammar , feuding with short fingered vulgarian Donald Trump ... ahh, that AJ, what a pip! Anyone knows what urlLink happened to him ? UPDATE: Matt Haber of urlLink http://www.lowcluture.com writes: "To answer your question: Benza's been doing voice over for the F/X Network . "You can hear him almost any hour of the day promoting F/X shows on air."

 Sleazy Celebrity Private Investigators What is it about celebrities who use their resources and contacts to spy on one another? I mean, is there some secret espionage drive in stars? First we had the story of infamous sleaze, the mobbed up Anthony Pellicano and Cindy Adams' pal, who urlLink spied on celebrities for other celebrities . In AJ Benza's unreadable bio Fame: Aint It A Bitch (hey Harvey, when is Miramax going to make the film version?) he notes that Tommy Motola spied on messages left on his then-wife Mariah Carey's beeper. Now, Page Six reports that J Lo may have "found out" Ben Affleck's password and urlLink read his emails to Jennifer Garner . Who knew that Hollywood was such fertile ground for spies?

 James Wolcott Loves Majestik Magnificent Ah, Sunday afternoon with The Corsair : a strong Kenyan coffee ( bold ... yet unpretentious ...), the monsterous New York Times Sunday edition sprawled across the apartment, blueberry muffins half munched ... and the piece de la resistance: CNN's Reliable Sources with Howie Kurtz . We fess up to our media geekiness. This Sunday, Vanity Fair's James Wolcott , easily one of the best essayists in the english language (we love you, Wolcott, we even find that anti- Soprano stance groovy), professed a secret love. Now, you ask, what could an esteemed writer like Wolcott find to love? Brian De Palma (okay, The Corsair did think that Wolcott was a bit wacky for claiming that B-movie schlock king Di Palma was the best living filmmaker; we reserve that for Ingmar Bergman ) ? No, no, no: Wolcott said that he loved Michael Jackson's eccentric personal clown, Magestik Magnificent . Think: P Diddy's Farnsworth Bentley , urlLink but even more loyal and odd . Howie Kurtz's eyes glazed over in a "nobody's home" kind of way when Wolcott layed out his pop culture street cred. What the fuck is a Magestik Magnificent, Howie seemed to be pleading out at us across the ethers before he sped along with another question. But we at The Corsair know, James Wolcott, we too cannot get enough.

 What Happened to Eduard Shevardnadze? Back in the day Crazy Eddie Shevardnadze was our boy -- remember that? He was down with James Baker and George Bush the Elder and even Ambassador Vernon Walters , who used to quip that he could speak eight languages and think in none (too true, Vernon; too true ). Now, after two dozen years in power, Shevardnadze fell in for the old autocratic desire for unlimited power. Tant pis. But how did Shevardnadze go from being down with those Fabulous Baker boys , all presiding over the fall of the Soviet Union into being a petty tyrant from a tiny backwater? As a rule of thumb, The Corsair believes that no head of state, no matter how good, should stay beyond ten years in power. Now, if The Corair could be a benevolent autocrat he would make a modified Great Books education mandatory for all public school kids : Archimedes and Euclid and Ptolemy Math labs; piano keyboard lessons with music appreciation featuring Monteverdi and Bach and Beethoven and Coltrane ; intensive biology labs with Harvey and Gray's Anatomy , supplemented by freehand drawing and painting of the torso and organs; African dance to get the blood flowing; kindergarteners can imitate and learn of cave drawings with charcoal; comparative world religions and myths for the kids' curiositas; and readings of the Analects of Confucius and Sun Tzu's Art of War and Machiavelli's Discourses on Livy and Clausewitz' On War for political science as well as reading of the Lincoln-Douglas debates and the US Consitution. Nah, who are we kidding, The Corsair could never be autocratic; the PC lobby and the teacher's unions would run me out of town faster than Calvin Klein can pitch woo at Latrell Sprewell during a Knicks game. Oh well ....

 Secret Witness Saw Jacko Abuse Boy The National Enquirer , which has ironically become the clearinghouse for accurate and timely information on all things pertaining to celebrity criminality, once again scoops the competition, which often on the subject comes across as sloppy. Then again, Enquirer gossips have been at this game, hiding in the bushes, peeling through trash, flashbulbs at the ready, for some time and have something to prove: they want to clean the clocks of the real reporters -- you know, those George Polk Award winning, Chardonnay sipping snobs . Anyhoo: The Enquirer reports that a secret witness has come forward with testimony that may put Michael Jackson behind bars. urlLink According to the website : "The secret witness was in Michael's bedroom with the singer and his alleged victim, and has told authorities he saw Jackson sexually abuse the boy, according to a source close to the case. "The issue that goes on sale Friday details the witness' encounter with Jackson, reveals that the star tried to send the boy and his family out of the country for good" How do they get this information? The Corsair guesses very substantial tip fees.

 Rush Limbaugh's Drug Stash: Excellence in Pill Popping The folks at TheSmokingGun have published a voluminous list of all the drugs and their dosages that Rush had on hand, and it looks like enough to urlLink stun a rogue bull elephant . No, no amend that prescription: there are enough drugs involved in this list to stagger a sperm whale. It appears that Limbaugh's long winded soliloquy's on will power should've contained few footnotes, say, as to the pharamceutical accompaniment to each act of will, like niacin, on lowering cholesterol, or Oxycontin if you are just getting your high on . Checkit: "Rush Limbaugh illegally purchased hundreds of prescription pills a month and sought a quartet of doctors to fuel his drug addiction, according to search warrant applications unsealed yesterday in Palm Beach County Circuit Court . Investigators executing the searches, which took place November 25 at three offices used by Limbaugh's South Florida physicians, accused the radio personality of 'doctor shopping,' or improperly seeking out practitioners to supply him with an inordinate abundance of painkillers OxyContin , Lorcet , Norco , Hydrocodone and Kadian , the anti-anxiety drug Xanax , the cholesterol-lowering drug Niacin , and Clonodine , which treats high blood pressure." Whew! Everything makes the Limbaugh cut but the urlLink Xanthan gum !

 To "Sir" With Grudge You could just see this one coming from out of the stadium, no? Keith Richards , rarely the voice of reason, is a downright surly man-beast, a god of a guitar player, who is hitting the right note in his devastating criticism of Mick Jagger , perhaps the coolest man in the world, but, of late, something of a whore, for accepting an honorary title from urlLink the British establishment . Why does The Corsair side with Keith over Mick in this family squabble? Let Keith tell us in his own words, as he did to urlLink Uncut Magazine : "'I don't want to step out on stage with someone wearing a ----ing coronet and sporting the old ermine,' declared the 59-year-old guitarist. "I told Mick, `It's a ----ing paltry honour.' "'I thought it was ludicrous to take one of those gongs from the establishment, when they did their best to throw us in jail.'" And on that matter Keith Richards is quite correct. And we don't know his from Adam . Recent reports indicate that Scotland Yard detectives trumped up drug charges against the Stones -- as well as other rock and roll associates -- urlLink in order to get them in prison as a little love message from the establishment. At this point Richards, long characterized as the "elder brother" and "conscience" of the Stones, stepped up his rhetoric, hinting that the knighthood was pathetic, beneath Mick, really; and hypocritical besides, to Uncut : "I thought it sent out the wrong message ... It's not what the Stones is about, is it?" "If you're into this s---, hang on for the peerage," Richards sneered. 'Don't settle for a little badge.'" Jagger's response to the attack in the Herald Sun , was to describe Richards's views as "endearing" but sometimes " urlLink very irritating ." The Corsair knows that growing up is selling out -- somewhat, at least; but wouldn't it be a sad world indeed, if His Satanic Majesty, the king of all hellraisers, were to run after a knightship like a cocker spaniel in search of a dog yummy? If rock stars sold their artistic statements to sneaker companies or Jaguar? If 60s icons would win the Presidency and toss aside idealism to legislate by polls? Oh, who the fuck is Mick fooling, keemo sabe : the 60s sold itself out decades ago.

 Trio TV Does It Again Laura Zalaznick's Trio TV , the channel for the sophisticated media junkie, takes on awards shows in December. The Award Show Awards Show is their latest contribution to their particular brand of refined media navel gazing. urlLink Zalaznick's strategy is to stay within Trio's modest budget by conconcentrating on its special programming, which is essentially, orignial narration by media insiders on some of the greatest moments in television. Not a bad idea; and not expensive. This particular show -- focusing on urlLink awards -- is narrated, with wonderful ironic effect, by the delicious, if slightly bitter, Tatum O'Neill , Oscar's youngest-ever winner in a competitive category. As a child star who was discarded by Hollywood as past expiration, Tatum is the one to discuss awards. O'Neill developed an ulcer at 7, when her parents divorced; chased in vain after alleged pedophile Michael Jackson ; married and divorced tennis star John McEnroe . So you know she has got the world weary voice and battle scars that are needed to delve into this world of glitz and glamour and profit and perfect gaudiness; Tatum is particularly compelling as an analyst of America's fascination with awards shows. Frasier Morre at the AP urlLink writes : "In 1974 (O/Neill) walked the red carpet as a 10-year-old Oscar nominee for best supporting actress in her first film, Paper Moon . "She even practiced weeks beforehand with her father and Paper Moon co-star, Ryan (O'Neill). "'He wanted me to rehearse,' she recalled in a recent chat with a reporter. 'I remember him dressing me up and letting me wear platforms, which I always wanted to wear, and we pretended to walk down a red carpet.' "But on that April 2, when she became Oscar's youngest-ever winner in a competitive category, neither parent was present. Her grandparents brought her. "'For years I didn't think about it,' said O'Neal, 40. 'Now, today, it makes me sad. "'Winning was a great honor,' she added. 'But the truth is, I had no idea what Oscar meant. I just knew there was a lot of people and it was gonna be a long time that I was sitting in that seat.'" Trio is so definitely in the cut ; Laura Zalaznick still feels the Boomer idealism.

 Whatever Happened to the A List? urlLink Entertainment reporters , tabloids, shock jocks and urlLink bloggers have all waited paitiently for Tom Cruise's calculated star to fall from its celestial heights, and now that it has, it is kind of anticlimatic. Thus far reviewers have urlLink not been kind to Tom Cruise's new flic urlLink The Last Samaurai . And, as the weekend progresses, the critics are piling on. Cruise is one of the last of a dying breed, namely: A List celebrities . Once our solar system was filled with such stars, now no longer. Once we had Madonna , Oprah , Britney Spears , Bennifer , Michael Jordan , Jack Nicholson , Justin Timberlake , Christina Aguilera and Brad Pitt . Each one of these stars has taken a beating in the past year. Jordan is a urlLink serial adulterer , grungy urlLink Fred Durst had sex with pristine Britney Spears , urlLink Jonathan Franzen bitchslapped the inscrutable Oprah , urlLink Madonna's Marxist British film with her husband was such a flop it wasn't even released in the UK , urlLink Bennifer Flopped , Aguilera's second studio album, 2002's urlLink Stripped was a commercial flop , Brad Pitt went into haitus to do his Troy film, and even Jack Nicholson isn't quite so nimble anymore, as he settles down, away from the camera flashbulbs with his new sweetie, Diane Keaton , finally accepting his late middle age in interviews. If you were to ask me -- today, December 6, 2003 -- who are the A List stars are, the people who make everyone stand at attention, especially the gossipers and East Coast media types, I would say, of the top of my head, Al Sharpton (the B Lister of the Democratic Party), Paris Hilton , maybe Halle Barre , Michael Jackson . Basically , B List freaks (sorry, Halle ) So, I guess urlLink Radar Magazine's B List nation was about right. Where are you Maer Roshan , we need your wise magazine to guide us through the upcoming celebrity freakshow.

 Al Sharpton on SNL Oh yes (devilish grin widens, rubs hands together) ... oh yes. The funniest guy at the otherwise regrettable Democratic Party debates is taking his shtick up in Lorne Greene's bitch . The stars are all aligned in forming a cosmic happy face. The wise men are coming from the east bearing gifts of Frankincense and Myrr. It's Christmastime in the city and on Saturday Night, urlLink Al Sharpton is going to help us all get a laugh on. "Paris Hilton," report Rush and Molloy , "who has canceled all interviews, will join guest host the Rev. Al Sharpton and musical guest Pink on Saturday Night Live ." All the better. That's right: Al Sharpton's hosting that countercultural Baby Boomer stronghold Saturday Night Live . The Corsair is urlLink salivating at the thought of Harvard Lampoon writers trying to not trip over themselves writing for the Reverend, who needs little help in cracking up an audience. There are so many ways we can go with this: 11:32 : Opening Skit. Flashback: Sharpton debates patrician Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan (played deftly by Darrel Hammond ) for Senate in 1994. A rhyming Sharpton engages in "the dozens," while Moynihan, in vain, tries to steer the debate towards Iatrogenic Government. Hilarity ensues. 11:40: Al Sharpton medallion skit. The secret origins of Al's eye-catching medallion. Apparently it has come down from from an ancient African civilization of hustlers. The medallion imparts the gift of gab. 11:50: Al Sharpton: The Early Years . Driving around down south doing doughnuts late at night with James Brown in parking lots. Hair coiffing techniques are discussed. 11:55: Weekend News. Anchors Tina Fey and Jimmy Fallon , telling Sharpton jokes, are interrupted by ... you got it: the Rev ! Oh no, they didn't ! 12:05: President Al Skit: What would happen if Al Sharpton won the Presidency? Pink Performs "Get The Party Started" at the Inauguration as Al gets his boogie on. Shuttle diplomacy over the East Coast West Coast gang friction. Al brings peace to the Middle East by bringing up his love of James Brown's early music, bringing together Sharon and Arafat in a stunning rendition of "Hot Pants." Al Sharpton marries a gay couple ( Maya Rudolph and Rachel Dratch ) and brings together both left ( Amy Poelher in hippie garb) and right in a sermon ( Jimmy Fallon in preacher garb) on that funny thing called love, over some down home southern cuisine. 12:10: Pink performs. Sharpton, drunk on attention, does back up vocals on "Hooker" uninvited. Pink is not impressed. 12:30: Paris Hilton - Al Sharpton tape surfaces, making the rounds at office Christmas parties. On tape Al is shown answering his cell phone and posing lewdly for the camera. Al tries to escape the media spotlight by heading home to Harlem, unfortunately, guys on 116th Street accost Sharpton for "getting with a girl that don't have no ass." 12:45: Reality show. Al Sharpton must spend a month in urlLink The Hilton's world , attending premiers, walking past the velvet rope-- scantily clad. Sharpton must hold Hilton's teacup chihuahua Tinkerbell . Moral of the story? In the end, a teary eyed Sharpton confesses that "a kid from the streets ... cannot manage this much papering." 1:00: Signs off reading Twas the Night Before Christmas to Pink and Hilton. Set your Tivo's on stun.

 Dropping the Dime on Reagan First 50 Cent was being stalked by Vivika Fox , and now Conservatives want to put Ronald Reagan on 10 cents: has everyone lost their senses ? Look, The Corsair tries to be fair here, looking at issues cultural, political and gossipy from all angles, with proportional amounts of snark, but has the Republican Party lost it's fucking marbles ? Let's put it all out on the table: They want to urlLink replace FDR with Reagan ? A few things: FDR was the man who, despite polio, assumed the Presidency at the height of the Great Depression, where 13 million were unemployed and nearly every bank was closed. FDR revived America and took it to the status of superpower. FDR presided over ther victorious allies on the right side of the greatest war mankind has ever known, breaking the back, in the process, of the Nazis and Imperial Japan. Now supporters of " The Ronald Reagan Dime Act " want to replace FDR with Reagan. What the fuck ? "I certainly would not look at it in any way as dishonoring FDR. He's also one of my favorite presidents," said Rep. Wally Herger , R-Calif. "He was also interestingly enough a personal hero of President Reagan's, but frankly I feel more connection with Reagan. He's a Californian, also closer to us now in history." It's good to see that intellectuals like Herger are in our congress, no? I guess Reagan's ass backward urlLink "Constructive Engagement" policy with Apartheid's totalitarian South African regime is the stuff of legend ... and dimes. UPDATE: Nancy Reagan is the voice of reason here. Reagan has asked that FDR not be urlLink replaced by her husband . In a statement, Mrs. Reagan says: "While I can understand the intentions of those seeking to place my husband's face on the dime, I do not support this proposal and I am certain Ronnie would not." The former first lady goes on to say: "When our country chooses to honor a great president such as Franklin Roosevelt by placing his likeness on our currency, it would be wrong to remove him and replace him with another. It is my hope that the proposed legislation will be withdrawn." Thank you, Nancy Reagan.

 Page Six Fucks With Lenny Kravitz The intrepid folks at urlLink Page Six are making life hard for rocker Lenny Kravitz to close the deal and marry his galpal, Aussi A-List hottie Nicole Kidman . Real hard. They are really getting in his face on this story, doing somewhat back to back Lenny Watches on Wednesday and Friday. Page Six says Lenny has told friends that he is using Nicole Kidman to boost his career. Typical playa talk (for further reference see 50 Cent ). And now Page Six reports that Lenny was with another stunning woman at Shore Club's Sky Bar : "'(Kravitz) spent a lot of time with this woman and ended up grinding on the dance floor with her,' said our spywitness. The photos ... show Kravitz eyeing the beauty like a pork chop." The words "Kravitz" and "pork chop," when placed together in a sentence, do not augur passion , Page Six is always solid on reporting; and, besides, The Corsair likes the Page Sixers better than Lenny anyway.

 Hollywood Cheapskates Hey, don't call them cheap ... call them thrifty . This week's urlLink Star Magazine reports on some of the thriftiest Hollywood stars. Despite the millions they make on film and in Japanese commercials, celebrities cannot shake off the american thrift of their unmonied youth: "When Julia Roberts wed Danny Moder at her ranch in Taos, N.M., in 2002, the Mona Lisa Smile star relied on Wal-Mart and Ace hardware for last-minute decorating supplies, including a $150 wood porch swing and about $200 for additional plants. The food was down-home as well: Hot dogs, burgers, corn on the cob and coleslaw rounded out the menu. Julia's thrifty with her wardrobe. In February, when Julia fell in love with a vintage dress at a second-hand store in Santa Fe, N.M., she bartered her jeans to buy it!" Can you imagine her pal Denzel Washington noshing on coleslaw? Me neither; by the way what is noshing anyway?

 Nick Cage Almost Remarries Lisa Marie Although there were some hints of a budding psychosis in Peggy Sue Got Married , it wasn't a true car wreck in slow motion until David Lynch's creepy artsy Americana horror flic Wild At Heart , where Nic Cage showed us, in full glory, his unhealthy obsession with Elvis. Nic Cage's didn't just play characters that bore a striking resemblence to Elvis Presley , Nico wanted to be Elvis Presley . It was not until Cage married Elvis' crown jewel Lisa Marie Presley that his ambition-compulsion was fully satisfied. And with the dissolution of their Hollywood marriage, things seemed to have gone back to normal for both. urlLink The National Enquirer reports that Nic Cage came thisclose to remarrying his sleepy eyed hottie ex-wife urlLink Presley . But then they remembered why they broke up in the first place, according to the Enquirer . Michelle Caruso writes that in between bouts of incredibly hot sex, the two fought like cats and dogs: "As The ENQUIRER reported, Lisa Marie has been suffering gastrointestinal problems that are aggravated by the stress of performing. When Nic learned of her anxiety, he dropped by for support. "'In addition to being enormously sexually attracted to Lisa Marie, Nic has always had a soft spot for her,' says the source." A "soft spot" is one way to put it; The Corsair sees it more as revisiting a compulsion. Anyhoo: one thing led to another, and the flames of l'amour were once again crackling. Alas, it was not to be. Nic likes to party in LA and N'Orleans, the article says. And then there is that longstanding crush on Angelina Jolie , who wore that red dress that "knocked Nic's eyes out of his head," as Caruso writes. (Didn't Jolie steal Billy Bob from urlLink Laura Dern ?) The Corsair knows that actors have a fragile sense of self. Actors tend to form very close relationships with the cast of a film, only to blow them off the minute that shooting stops. Such is the plasticity of Hollywood. That having been said, it is pretty creepy that Cage has kept up this Elvis obsession for so many years. Move on Nicky boy. Elvis was a hero to most, but he was a karate loving, B-Lister druggie who died on the bowl to The Corsair . And while you're at it, Nocko, get rid of that comic book collection.

 Vivica Fox Won't Leave 50 Cent Alone! According to the urlLink National Enquirer , Vivika Fox will not leave bullet riddled hip hop star 50 Cent alone. "She has called, and called, and called trying unsuccessfully to get him on the phone so he could explain to her what happened," revealed a friend of the actress in the Enquirer . Apparently the man named after the price of Olestra filled potato chips (elegant, no?) feels that urlLink Fox is too posessive. Odd, though, considering that in recent interviews --where he has gone into specific sexual positions they engaged in -- he blames the break up on the premise that Fox used him to promote her hit film, Kill Bill . Ah, well, The Corsair could have told you that a relationship between the upwardly mobile actress, Fox, and the criminally minded bullet dodger was not meant to last. urlLink Chateau D'yquem does not mix with urlLink St.Ides .

 Vagina Monologue Showing off our classical liberal arts education, this particular monologue comes from Machiavelli's Discorsi Sopra la Prima Deca Di Tiudo Livio , III, 6 : it concerns Caterina Sforza Riario , a great beauty of her day and a woman Machiavelli thought of fondly, "(Some conspirators) killed Count Giordano , their lord, and took his wife and small children. Since they did not see how they could be secure if they did not become masters of the fortress, and the castellan were not willing to cede it to them, Madonna Caterina (so the Countess was called) promised the conspirators that if they let her enter it, she would deliver it over to them and they could keep the children with them as hostages. With this pledge they let her enter. As soon as she was within, she stood on the walls and berated them for the death of her husband and threatened them with every kind of revenge. And to show that she did not worry about her children, she showed them her genitals, saying she still had the means to make more of them." Say what you will about his politics, but Machiavelli knows how to tell a story, dammit.

 Udon Noodles Made Her Bloated urlLink TV Guide reports that It Girl and all-but-certain Best Supporting Actress for 2004, Scarlet Johansson did something deeply naughty with director Sophia Coppolla and The Corsair , your humble scribe, wishes to God he was in the room when that shit went down! Apparently there is some interesting backstory (excuse the pun) behind (again, sorry) that, um, erotic opening scene in Lost In Translation . TV Guide's Angel Cohn writes: "The shy thesp admits director Sofia Coppola had some convincing to do on the day they shot that one: I said, 'Sofia, I don't want to wear sheer underwear because I've just been eating a lot of [Japanese udon noodles], and I'm bloated. I just don't want to do it. Can't we just use regular underwear with my ass crack [showing]?'" "In response, Coppola assuaged Johansson's fears about the panties by modeling them for her! 'Sofia's got such a nice figure,' Johansson says. I thought, 'Wow, if my ass is going to look like that in those underwear, get them on me.'" And in similar but less porny news, urlLink Jeanette Walls reports that Barbara Walters admits to checking out naked women. I like to look, the newswoman said while discussing what she does when around nude ladies in a hot tub on The View . Theyve got beautiful bodies. I always said Barbara Walters was one of the guys.

 Musical Chairs at Conde Nast Bash Ah, the holidays are here again, and that means missletoe, the ambient tones of urlLink Manheim Steamroller , pine needles, that silly woman who invariably gets carried home through the chilly streets of New York by her patient chums because she drank too much egg nog at the company party, and, of course, the urlLink Conde Nast Four Seasons editor and pubisher bash . Imagine the collective egos assembled in that one room; all that hot air in a single location. Accompany me through this gallery of 'what fools these mortals be.' Why, look over there, it's Graydon Carter and his boy wonder, James Truman lighting up -- oh, those scamps -- tobacco products--indoors! And in direct defiance of Mayor Bloomberg's anti-smoking ban. That contrarian Canadian libertarian is just being rowdy! Oh, and there's Lucky Editor in Chief Kim France who, like Christ's neighbor, the crucified robber who repented at the last minute, now sits on Si Newhouse's left hand, at the power table . Metaphors of paradise ring true here and not politically incorrect , by the way, as Conde Nast is the Nirvanna of glossies. Just as Dante Aligheri places the true Paradiso in the Empyrean, situated outside the universe, and therefore outside space and time, those outer tables, far away from the Mystic Rose , that celestial choir that is Si Newhouse , are less appealing, less -- shall we say -- "holy." And would it be a far stretch of the imagination to envision the editors at Conde Nast dressed in ermine? Why, Teen Vogue Editor-in-Chief Amy Astley is seated so close to Si that she can just ... just dip her head, slightly and gently brush her rose lips against his signet ring. Not since the Court of the Sun King has anyone assembled such a crowd of nonpareil beauty and excellence. That image I have conjured of Amy Astley is so beautiful ... so sublime, I believe that I shall now weep. "The seating arrangement means everything - and nothing," says Maurie Perl , the vice president of communications told Keith Kelly of the Post, who sat at none-too-elite Table 8. "The important thing is that you're in the room." Sure, Maurie, whatever you say . Thank you Conde Nast, thank you for trapping beauty timeless in your glossy and quite fragrant pages, thanks to you editors great and small, who give me such material and vanity to work on.

 Vanity Fair's Plame Game The most famous spy in the world, Valerie Plame , shows up in, of all places, urlLink jet set bible and doctor's office staple , Vanity Fair. When she's not hobnobbing with Ben Bradlee and Sally Quinn , our "Jane Doe" is speaking with Vanity Fair writer Vicky Ward . The slim, sharp white-blond Jaguar driving fortysomething "secret agent" must have cut quite a figure in Niger. Like nobody would ever peg her as a spy: ancient Chinese secret, huh ? But Valerie is a tasty dish in an older woman kind of way. She is indeed our favorite "yellow cake" ... our favorite ... cheese cake! Ha ha! We couldn't resist the urge. Note to the CIA: People who look like they have just walked out of the pages of Lisa Birnbach's Official Preppy Handbook stick out like a sore thumb doing cloak and dagger wqrk in Third World Countries. At the Ugandan embassy, where I spent much of my childhood, we had a whole species of jokes about how conspicuous CIA agents were in Kampala. I must now relate some words by R Kelly: Hey, Valerie, keep it on the down low ... aint nobody has to know .

 Consentual Cannibalism Can a consenting adult give another consenting adult the permission to urlLink eat his liver with some fava beans ? In what has got to be the freakiest story of all time, one Armin Meiwes , a German (can you say the byproduct of repression, people?) has confessed to killing someone who he met through the Personals. In the ad, Meiwes wrote looking for someone to meet and eat. Yuuuck! How does Graydon Cater's libertarianism weigh on this one?

 Diana Vreeland Loved Soul Train Which high powered Conde Nast editor wrote this? "I earned my Masters degree in French literature in the Spring of 1972. My topic was the pivotal role played by all the fabulous, exotic North African women in the world of poet Charles Baudelaire and painter Eugene Delacroix . My thesis was based on the whole sense of importance of Africa to the conception of Orientalism as it influenced art and literature in Nineteenth Century France, a topic in which I have a keen interest. Delacroix's Les Femmes d'Algiers featured prominently, as did Flaubert's Salambo. I truly loved writing my Master's thesis, and although I still yearned for the world of fashion, I moved on to pursuing my doctorate without hesistation." Can you guess who wrote this? One more clue: "You see (Diana) Vreeland loved black culture. She loved the Saturday Morning Dance Show Soul Train ; my grandmother cared nothing for it ... she went hog wild over every manifestation of black style. It all began, I think, with Josephine Baker , who truly was one of the most stylish women to ever walk this planet. Mrs. Vreeland loved to tell the story of watching a movie one night in the balcony of a Paris cinema back in the 30s. She had her elbows on the armrests and was intently watching this film, when all of a sudden, one of the armrests moved. She turned to see what was going on and found out that she had been resting her elbow not on the arm of a seat, but on the head of Josephine Baker's pet cheetah, and that both the magnificent cat and its magnificent owner were now getting up to leave. Mrs. Vreeland watched speechlessly as the cheetah padded in a stately fashion up the aisle of the theater, Josephine Baker walking regally behind, wearing a daring, bias-cut Vionnet dress with no underwear on underneath." If you guessed that this is the wonderful Andre Leon Talley's urlLink ALT , then give yourself a pat on the back. Basta!

 Mia's Mission George Jacobs , Mr. Sinatra's manservant, recently came out with a tell all bio called Mr. S that is fascinating. Aside from noting that Ava Gardner told him she was part African American, Jacobs spills the beans on the Machiavellian Mia Farrow . He writes: "Motherhood was, only after stardom, the most powerful imperative for her. At times, she'd sit with me and go down her list of all the great and famous men she wanted to have children with after Frank. She knew the relationship would end sometime, but she assumed it would be at her time , and only after she had created one of what would be her master race of offspring. She was talking some major names, on her wish list. Leonard Bernstein , who was gay, Picasso , who was almost dead , J.D. Salinger , who had disappeared, and Bob Dylan , who was badly disabled from his motorcycle accident, and was underground. The girl thought big. She was that focused ..."

 The Charlie Rose Drinking Game The art of the interview is to draw out the subject while the interviewer recedes into the background. Although Charlie Rose delivers the goods on any given weekday, he uses the first person singular personal pronoun often. Excedingly often. Okay: all the damned time. Charlie, thank you for giving us those great interviews with Will Ferrell and Luca Cordero di Montezemolo , but honestly: It's not all about you . All those I's and me's Charlie; it's not all about you. So, in the spirit of Charlie Rose's energetic use of the first person singular personal pronoun, The Corsair proposes The Charlie Rose Drinking Game . It's late at night, it was a hard day at work, you are about to go to bed and Charlie is interviewing some Master of the Universe -- so why not have a drinkie poo on everyones favorite social climber- cum-interviewer? Every time Charlie uses the first person singular personal pronoun, down a shot. And don't use any of the cheap stuff , ladies and gentlemen, this is Charlie Rose we're talking about, and that whole "corridors of power Illuminati Trilateral Commission" power nexus. One doesn't just down muscatel with Charlie Rose; you better recognize . If you are still conscious after the drinking game, then you are a candidate for the Jared Paul Stern Ironman Drinkie-poo competition.

 We Love You, Shiela My buddy, urlLink the very cool Ivy Supersonic informs me that Sheila Horne Brody , aka Amuka , is leaving as the lead female vocalist for George Clinton and the P-Funk Allstars to tour for her Billboard Top Ten Hit Appreciate Me , which is a urlLink must have . The Corsair wishes Amuka all the luck in the world, not that she will need it.

 Jacko May Give Up His Kids The Star Magazine reprorts that Michael Jackson is considering giving up his kids urlLink to his own mother or, possibly, Debbie Rowe , who enlarged the possibilities of a turkey baster from that of being merely a holiday accoutrement. "The children are with Michael right now -- there no reason why they shouldn't be," Michael Sands , a Jackson family spokesman told Star. "He's their father. If circumstances change, though, they will go to Michael's mother, Katherine, or to their mother, Debbie Rowe , until this whole business is over." And as if this is not bad enough, Fox's Roger Friedman reports that Jacko's current manager, Dieter Weisner , the man who helped hired his pit bull lawyer Mark Geragos , operates legal sex clubs and brothels urlLink in his native Germany .

 Resign Eisner ... Resign Michael Eisner will eventually resign for his pathetic management of Disney, his stupid purchase of ABC , those idiotic themeparks, EuroDisney and other mega-blunders of this public company, but it will not be pretty because Eisner is an adolescent asshole, after the Hollywood ego-driven manner. Shareholders should demand it. I want to see Eisner crying like a bitch being escorted from the premesis, like Jim Bakker was years ago before urlLink he complained of aliens . The following is a blog I wrote on November 19th that is even more valid now that Roy Disney has resigned and called for urlLink Eisner to step down : Wasn't November supposed to be the month that Eisner either showed some miraculous growth numbers for Disney or he was to be shown the door? Sheesh. Will someone fire Michael Eisner urlLink already ! We all know that he is antagonizing Steve Jobs and the guys at Pixar who are singlehandedly saving Disney's bacon. Michael Wolff made an interesting comment on Eisner a while ago in his column in New York. Eisner has made himself indispensible at Disney. He has a large amount of shares and, like an African dictator, he has (consciously) never groomed a succesor. So it would be hard to fire Eisner without greatly affecting the already bad stock price. Sad that a public company has to be held hostage to the Hollywood tactics of a real punk like Michael Eisner. Will the Board of Directors react? only time will tell.

 Being Fisher Stevens Imagine that you are Fisher Stevens . That would mean that you are an accomplished stage actor who is respected by his peers. You are popular with all the right people. You were executive producer of the critically acclaimed "In The Bedroom." But no matter what you do, how many awards you win, every mention of you in the gossip pages involves the fact that you are a urlLink former paramour of Michelle Pfeiffer . The Corsair is a modern man, and there is no shame in the game of being called Mr. Celebrity Ex Diva , but, man to man, that has got to hurt you in the solar plexus. You know, all dark night of the soul, alone in your bedroom contemplating -- that sort of shit. Fisher Stevens is urlLink accomplished . If he were a better looking man (who are we kidding, if he were a good looking man), Stevens would have been thrust into the floddlights of Tinseltown. Alas, that was not the case; and so he is, for all intensive purposes, in every gossip column, for the duration of his time on this planet, "the guy who dated Michelle Pfeiffer." Life, John Kennedy once said, is not fair.

 Fuck Joan Rivers No, don't fuck her literally, as with all that plastic surgery, such an operation may be on the impossible side. Besides, any chance of finding a supple piece of flesh on Old Phoney Joaney is highly unlikely . I'm being figurative here. I mean, who does Joan Rivers think she is anyway? Her fifteen minutes ended the instant she rat fucked Johnny Carson with that low grade piece of ass late night comedy show on the Fox network all those many moons ago. But nooo , never ever count on Joan Rivers to make an elegant or timely exit. Instead, Joan Rivers, like the proverbial guest who will not take the hint that the party is indeed over, has extended her stay on the national landscape, taxing all of our patience, and generally fucking up our good time as media voyeurs. Insinuating herself on to the red carpet with that bitter, venomous mouth that we all know and hate, Joan Rivers gets to stand in between legitimate celebrities and their entrance to the Oscars and, of late, the Golden Globes as well. With her talentless "offspring," . With her talentless daughter, Melissa in tow, Joan aggressively barrs celebrities from making an entrance unaccosted to an event that they have indeed been invited to. The Corsair has a feeling that celebrities are too affraid to be mean to Joan because they fear the opprobrium of the E! Network or, even worse, a cutting remark on their perfect night. Remember Lynn Redgrave, nerves on end after allegations of her husband's affair, hoping to win Best Supporting Oscar, in abject horror as Joan asked her who she was "wearing." Publicists can get panicky as well; celebrities with jitters as to whether or not they will get an award are naturally vulnerable. And, like the puff adder that she is, Joan Rivers has anticipated that vulnerability and preys on it, plays it like a Stradivarius . Rivers plays on the fear to judge these stars on their sufaces -- their looks and their fashion. Imagine the shame of an elderly woman so shallow as to judge celebrities on their surfaces. But then, Old Lady Rivers seems immune to shame. Everyone: celebrities and journos and viewers alike are waiting -- with baited breath -- for someone, anyone to deliver a much needed bitchslap to Madame Joan Rivers' surgically stretched cheek. Retire, Joan ... retire !



 The Corsair's Remote Control Tour Diary There are over 500 cable channels nowadays, so who better to give you a tour of some of the major ones? (This idea is so good my fingers are crossed that no one steals it from me without attribution ; unfortunately, most bloggers have sticky fingers) Anyhoo: 500 channels means "niche marketing." And with all those niches, things can get confusing as to what is being marketed. So, The Corsair will help the viewer through the wonderful world of cable with these pithy explanations, In Media Res: TNT : Lousy with Middle aged Testosterone. A musky-smelling channel. Bruce Willis and Steven Seagal action flics and basketball. Big in New Jersey. CNN : Used to be a channel for Kings and Queens and heads of state, but of late it is the channel for cranky retired people with an angry opinion on everything political ("Those libs are holding up Medicaid!"). Poor CNN: They used to wine and dine with kings and queens, but now they are laying in the gutter eating pork and beans. Lifetime : A channel earnestly devoted to the smouldering resentments of Midwestern housewives. Husbands are to blame in most of these story lines. Anger is the predominant emotion. Hollywood has not been kind to Nancy McKeon . Hell hath no fury like Joanna Kearns scorned! Family Channel : The channel devoted to Christians in a nuclear family with a conviction that human history has a purpose beyond this world. Halleleuia . Lots of Mary Kate and Ashley films , which, ironically, attract a very different sort of crowd than the ones that these cats are aiming after. CNBC : This channel serves as "White Noise" for the various strip joints in the Wall Street and financial district vicinity. As your Bud Fox -like trader with a "Lawng Island" accent sips a Stoli on the rocks on his lunchbreak, sniffing his "Bolivian white Powder" ("Vitamin C"), getting a "friction dance" from his favorite "dancer," he can look over her shoulder, casually, and catch a brief glance at just how the markets are doing, and get a gauge on when he should return to the office. A&E : An elderly folks network with lots of Murder, She Wrote , and "original" films like "Horatio Hornblower," for viewers who can remember their glorious years of service in the British Imperial navy policing those hectic colonial ports. History : This is the Hitler and Outlaw Biker channel. At any time of the day, there is a hilbilly bar with serious discussions going on as to Hitler's "tactical blunders" and what they would have done "different," with this channel serving as the background noise. Discovery : This is the older, skeevier companion network to the already low rent History Channel , which means that it attracts a comparatively downscale sort of viewer than one would expect at History, which is not saying much at all. Seriously, though, This is the straight up serial killers network. No joking, yo. Somewhere in the Yosemite Valley there is a man, in a dungeon, sweating profusely, wearing clown makeup and laughing at the moon. He is surrounded by dog collars and he is described by co workers at the post office as "a solitary man." Guess which channel this guy is watching to drown out the screams. That's right (sotto voce) Discovery . Homeland security must needs to monitor anyone who watches more than 3 hours a day of this shit . VH1 : Perhaps the coolest channel on basic cable or otherwise, my little pomegranates! Suffused with irony, snark and nostalgia, this channel supplies the basic components of the Gen X diet. Michael Hirschorn is our god; we are not worthy . MTV : No longer cool: a little resentful of the joie de vivre its older, more successful brother, VH1 . It will never be the 80s again and the blush has wore off that ordinary looking frat boy Carson Daly . No one over 16 should be watching this channel, even for the misguided purpose of irony. E!: Creepy celebrity stalking and gossip. Everyone on this channel reeks of thwarted Hollywood ambitions and plastic surgery gone awry. This channel hasn't had a hit since Gregg Kinnear was up in this bitch , and Jules Asner snatched Steven Soderberg , using the Asner name (she divorced Ed Asner's son years ago). ESPN: This is reality tv for the Maxim set. Faint but palpable homoerotic subtext via "hero worship" of alpha males, like, say, Shaq or Sprewell (but viewers call him Spree, cause, like, they know him personally in a Calvin Klein kind of way), although your average Joe Fratboy will never acknowledge that distrubing little truth. Bravo : For the affluent gay man. Cultural programming( National Dog Show , Cirque du Soleil , Inside the Actors Studio ) and Queer Eye For the Straight Guy rebroadcasts. If you go in for the National Dog Show, collect Lalique crystal (" Steuben Glass is for amateurs"), or the like, then this is your network. BET : A seriously embarassing network marketed to the seedy stereotype of the urban underclass. Ghetto comedy skits told in unremarkable english with frequent reference to bodily functions; charmed , I'm sure. Snakeoil selling televangelists prevail over the airwaves on Sundays. And C-List Blaxploitations flix fill out the rest of any regrettable week spent watching this schedule. urlLink Can you fucking believe that Viacom paid three billion dollars for this channel ? Sci Fi: The repressed sexuality channel. Their niche is the grown man who has a crush on the X Man, Storm and dreams in full-on video games. Somehow the unresolved "sexual energy" gets worked out into a reverence for the "paranormal." B List hot chicks like Shannen Doherty and Tracy Lords end up here after Hollywood is through with them. Fox: If you go in for Karl Rove's talking points, this is the channel for you. The Corsair has to admit that he watched it during the Second Gulf War . Fox routinely scooped the other networks because it sometimes seemed that Rummy gave them the inside scoop. For a "family values network," the women broadcasters have an oddly pornographic patina about them. Hmmm. Showtime: Tries earnestly to out-extreme the original programming at HBO , who got there first. Dreams of getting recognized at events like the Golden Globes ; not likely, however. This is the place to try to pitch your indie documentary on transexual underwater basket weavers in Micronesia . Food : For people who's interest in food has transcended the purely phenomenal eating stage. TLC: This channel is a bit of a mystery to me. It used to have a niche as a sort of Cliff Clavin channel: you know, for the general interest trivia mind-- programming on the imago stage of child development, poisonous reptiles, the Minoan civilization, Roman mosaics, classical biological warfare, the robber barons, volcanoes, that sort of thing. But now it has a lot of "fixing up the home" programming. Go figure what that means. AMC: Kind of Cool. Old Hollywood glamour with some original programming and commentary on the Gilded Age of Hollywood. This is like a channel put together by the editors of Variety looking backward. Vanity Fair should do a show here. Old school. FX: Not worth talking about. Maxim lite. Loads of testosterone. We: Women's fantasy. Lots of Merchant-Ivory Brit productions of aristocrats who fall in love with common women, who are often middle aged American divorcees. Pure drivel. C-Span: For the ultra political science geek. Viewers tend to look like urlLink Michael Barone , wait anxiously for their New Republic copies to arrive, and chuckle over Senate voting record statistics. Can rattle off the precise wording of the Republican Party platform of 1964. Oxy: Very "sisterhood" oriented; Oprah and Gerry Laybourne's experiment has recently taken a sort of Sapphic detour of late with regard to their programming. National Geographic: Interesting and kind of cool. This is a channel about animals and exotic cultures. IFC: So earnest, so hip, so anti-Hollywood: yet as soon as Dinner for Five's indy star John Favreau gets to do a big shlocky Hollywood film like Elf , he jumps like a Cocker Spaniel being offered a dog yummy. Independent cinema is dead. TCM: This is a less hip AMC. This is like AMC with a broken hip. Lots of old movies with no irony or relevant commentary. Ovation: The Corsair has a theory that this is a piece of flotsam adrift on the vast media ocean that is digital television. They repeat the same ten or so programs ad nauseum. Is there anyone employed at Ovation? Did the programmer have a heart attack in the 80s? Did anyone notice? Is anyone watching? ESPNClassic: Oh, dear lord help us. Old men with beer bellies reliving "classic sports moments." (At this point, Bruce Springsteen's Glory Days should be playing). This is the tv channel Al Bundy would most likely be watching on his day off from the shoe store. TVLand: Tries to be all retro-ironical, but street cred will not be forthcoming by running repeats of Bewitched and Sanford and Son , alone. Poor saps. The other networks have bought all the good old tv shows, leaving TV Land to contemplate Mayberry. Animal: Television for committed vegans and PETA members. What kind of ad revenue do these guys generate? Sundance: An edgy IFC; very left wing political, but pure . Robert Redford's pet liberal project. Trio: Perhaps the coolest channel of them all. What VH1 viewers will most likely watch once they quit being ironic, get real jobs in the media and participate in the economy. Used to be a Canadian station, believe it or not. Culture and media navel gazing. NWI: A rap up of all the international anti-American news agencies. Al Gore wants to buy this station and kick things up a notch. DiscoveryTimes: One of the strangest channels in the world. this is actually the New York Times' channel, but it is devoted to showing America militarized or in crisis, which, all told, are the moments when The Old Grey Lady was at its finest. Lots of Civil rights struggles, war footage, terrorism analysis, and --wierdest of all -- endless looks into our military academies. What the fuck?! FUSE: MTV's unsuccessful competitor for the extreme generation low attention span kiddie market, which is not saying much. VH1Classic: Could be interesting, as the X Generation is big on nostalgia, but right now this channel is not happening. USA: This is the sybil channel. It is high testosterone most of the year, but come holiday time it is all about the holidays... kinda like our dads. Style: If it is possible this is an even more shallow channel than E! Lots of B-List types talking about the beauty business. That's all, I hope you liked my thoughts. If you did, bookmark this site. Cordially, Ron Mwangaguhunga

 Katty Kay The Corsair is fickle when it comes to his women. Sometimes he likes them dark and brainy, like Gloria Borger . Other times, The Corsair leans towards the leggy look, with the glossed lips, like Fox News bombshell Laurie Duhe . NBC's Campbell Brown seems like a southern sorority gal who likes to have a good time: then there is that story that urlLink Virgin CEO Richard Branson hid her shoes so he could take her home . CNN's sexy Suzanne Malveaux is a definite honey. But lately, The Corsair has fallen into the old cliche: the blonde with the British accent. It hurts to have unexceptional tastes, but The Corsair cannot help but gasp at the BBC's Washington Correspondent Katty Kay. That's all I have to say, nothing snarky nor profound.

 Are Rock Stars Pure Energy? Whenever one reads some rock magazine or other there is inevitably a vague New Agey sort of discussion concerning "energy." One reads things like, "dude, the energy of the show was amazing," or, "you could almost feel the energy coming off of Kid Rock , man." That sort of thing. I find that interesting. I find it especially interesting because I recently re read Janice Dickinson's No Lifeguard on Duty (BTW: The Corsair is also reading former Senator Gary Hart's The Patriot, if you want to know), where the proto-supermodel describes sex with Mick Jagger : " The man was indefatigable ... He was pure energy -- kind of spooky, to tell you the truth. I woke up the next morning feeling like I'd been through a war." That, to me, is interesting in light of all our previous 'discussion' of energy and rock stars. In Bebe Buell's Rebel Heart , she describes meeting him" like lightening had struck ." And, "both Steven and I felt a spark, an animal magnetism from the get go, even though -- or perhaps because -- Steven knew I was with Todd (Rundgren)." But the most interesting entry in the book is a line about her flying in Steven Tyler's private plane: "Being confined in a tiny area with a person who had the energy of fifty wild ponies was terrifying." So, Bebe Buell found Steve Tyler's energy "terrifying" and Janice Dickinson found Mick Jagger energy "spooky." Is scary the new black ? Bear with me guys, The Corsair has a lot of Aquarius in him and is fascinated by these things.

 Howie Kurtz: Jumps the Shark Or, Mr. Kurtz, he Dead You know how it is with Corsair and Howie . We are tight in that I-watch-you-on-tv-religiously kind of way. And why not? Howie represents that East Coast media elite thing that Corsair is both fascinated and repelled by, in a Lifetime movie of psychotic compulsion sort of way (But not so much Burning Bed as Mother May I Sleep With Danger ). Anyhoo: Just like the heroines of those Lifetime valorizations of victimhood, The Corsair is going to have to cut the cord of an abusive relationship in the end, and ask for that pesky divorce. So I'm going to say it, though it pains me: Howie Kurtz's Reliable Sources has, alas, jumped the shark . I've lost that loving feeling. Allow me to explain : Old Reliable hasn't been the same since K Street came to Washington and stunk up the joint. Sure, DC has been lousy with special interest money, but journalism was journalism, you know what I mean ? We all knew that The Baltimore Sun's Jack Germond could drink the equivalent of the Chesapeake Bay in cognac, but he would always get the scoop and give us a great story and that, in a way, that was how one felt about Beltway DC journalism: flawed, but suffused with yummy nougaty scoop. That is no longer the case. While Howie Kurtz used to be the bellwether of serious journo talk -- real "1 am on C Span " sort of geeky, but good stuff-- he has increasingly become enamoured with the borish fad of putting Hollywood celebrities on, and them asking dumb, fawning questions. Where's the love, Howie Kurtz; where's the love? K Street made everyone in our gilded capital think they were movie stars, or at least deserving of the attention of Courtney Love . I have to tell you, though, Howie, Courtney Love doesn't deserve the attention of Courtney Love. One expected that the demise of that magnum of chloroform, "ombudsman" Bernie Kalb , Reliable Sources was on to bigger and better things. That was not the case. After Howie Kurtz appeared on K Street in a Starbucks , no less, that was the beginning of the end of that significant and formerly excellent media reporter. Starbucks, indeed! Soon after Howie put on George Clooney and fawned (dear Lord, how Howie fawned that day) to Rosemary's nephew about being on " Vanity Fair's cover." I guess writing for VF is no longer enough after being on K Street, Howie no longer wants to provide the content, he longs to be the subject . What's next Howie, a publicist and harassing diva-like calls to Page Six ? When does it end, Howard Kurtz? How much fame is enough? Mus we endure a Mahogany -like ending to this tragic tale before he, like Diana Ross , another diva of sorts, goes back to his long suffering Billy Dee Williams (the excellent Washington Post ) and be satisfied that his lot in life is to give life and conversation to the media class? But the last straw came last week when The Corsair sat by the tv set, coiled, ready-for-media-chat, Sunday New York Times messily undone at his feet, Kenyan coffee at the ready, waiting for Howie to start the media conversation of the week. The guest of honor? Darrel Hammond , the Saturday Night Live impersonator. Oh, Howie.

 So You Want To Be A British Aristocrat? Mohammed Al-Fayed , the urlLink international sleazeball and megalomaniac , is making a bid for the Daily and Sunday Telegraph urlLink newspapers in Britain , continuing a never ending quest to become " down " with the thoroughly bigoted British Upper Class system. Hey Mohammed: When was the last time you saw a dusky member of British Commonwealth contributors in the House of Lords ? Are there any Kenyan or Trinidadian Earls? Dukes? Meriticracy be damned in Britain, says The Corsair . In this quixotic endeavor, Al Fayed has left no stone unturned. From across the pond, as a Ugandan born former colonial of England, the travails of the Egyptian-born Al Fayed strike The Corsair as somewhat sad, almost touching. Eminent sociologist VF Calverton called what Al Fayed is going through as a "colonial complex," like Madonna adopting a British accent as a sign of having reached the "upper strata of existence." urlLink The BBC profile of him strikes the right tone : "Why won't they give me a passport? I own Harrods and employ thousands of people in this country. "Mohamed al-Fayed Ever since he arrived in the UK in the early 1970s, Mr al-Fayed has barely concealed his desire to be accepted into the establishment of his adopted country. It is an ambition that has seen him donate millions of pounds to British charities and assume control of Harrods, the London department store which was once a by-word for Britishness itself. "(Fayed) has resurrected the satirical magazine Punch and also moved into the mainstream British pursuit of football, buying Fulham FC , and earlier this year offered up the club's manager Kevin Keegan when the English national team was managerless. "Yet, like an over-zealous schoolboy desperate to muscle into a select gang, it seems the harder Mr al-Fayed has tried for acceptance, the more he is brushed off. " Brushed off is the key here. The British aristocracy, like a job at Ambercrombie and Fitch is a white only affair. We have better chance of seeing an African American in the US Senate withing the next election cycle than seeing Al Fayed accepted in with the swells. A note to Al Fayed: Getting a lordship and sitting in the House of Lords might be easier if you didn't urlLink accuse the Royal family of killing your son and Princess Diana. Just a friendly tip from The Corsair .

 Smackdown: Dick Morris vs Bill Clinton From Behind the Oval Office , by Dick Morris p. 64-5: "At about midnight, (then Governor Bill) Clinton joined Hillary, Gloria Cabe , his campaign manager, and me in a cozy breakfst room off the kitchen. My polling (for a 1990 gubernatorial reelection fight) showed that McRae offensive (Bill's ooponent) had dropped Clinton's share vote to a meage 43 percent. Generally, when an incumbent's share of the polls dropped below 50 percent in the polls, it means he is likely to lose ... Clinton's temper got the better of him. Exhausted, worried, and angry, he exploded. 'You got me into this race,' he screamed, 'so you could make some extra money off me. That was the only reason. And now you give me no attention, no attention at all. I'm about to lose this election, this primary, against a nobody' ... Clinton has a terrible temper ... In pain and facing that harsh criticism, I lost my temper too. If he was too hasty in his criticism, I was too sharp in my reply. Storming out of the breakfast room through the kitchen toward the door outside, I rallied, 'Thank you, thank you, thank you. You've just solved my problem. I'm getting shit from Atwater and shit from Lott for working for you, and now I can solve my problem. Go fuck yourself. I'm quitting your goddamn campaign, and now I am a free agent. I can be a fifty state Republican and don't have to take your shit.' "Clinton charged up behind me as I stalked towards the door, grabbed me from behind, and wrapped his arms around me to stop me from leaving. I slipped to the floor. Hillary helped me to my feet. The moment I stood up Clinton became apologetic. 'Don't go, don't go I'm sorry. Don't go, I;m sorry,' he said as I walked out the door, slamming it behind me.. Hillary ran after me to calm me down. She put her arms around my shoulders and walked me around the grounds of the mansion. "Please forgive him," she pleaded. 'He's under so much pressure. He didn't mean it. He's very sorry. He's overtired, he hasn't slept well in days. He's not himself. He values you. He needs you,' she repeated. "I calmed down enough to drive to my hotel, and I called Eileen (his wife) shaking in rage. Later Hillary called to tell me how much Bill wanted me back. Then he came on line to apologize ... I couldn't leave Clinton three weeks before his primary, but from then on I dealt with him in a formal, almost frosty way. I stopped calling him Bill, always adressed him as Governor, and left when our meetings were over rather than hang around and chat."

 Explaining David Brooks to East Coaster Insiders David Brooks tends to switch back and forth between two styles in his urlLink New York Times Op Eds , which are often entertaining. On the one hand, he is the Brother from Another Planet -- a Conservative Yankee in King Sulzberger's Court (except instead of Victorian Medievalism in Twain, Brooks hacks away at Upper West Side-DC pink shirted NPR listening stone ground cracker and brie munching liberalism) -- or, as I fondly call him Brooks Brother , explaining those "kooky" ways of the liberal Blue states to the folksy red states. Brooks comes off as a sort of Ambassador at large, telling his countrymen abroad, through the very pages of the cultural establishment , what to make of things like, say, Jamaican nannies who essentially raise ones kids, as often happens on the Upper West Side of Manhattan. Or why Nascar racing and power tools and Evangelical Christian music aren't big in DC , or Hollywood or Silicon Valley or even Wall Street , as they are in, say, Kentucky : the heart land . Here Brooks can be quite funny about the extreme polarization in the country: we are, essentially, two nations: one Born Again and the other worldly, very metrosexual . One side Sex and the City , the other the Country Music Awards and gun shows: one half red, one half blue. Okay, that's a gross oversimplification , but it is the jist of Brooks Brother's rhetoric and this is a blog, people , if you want a deep sociological analysis of the country don't look at me to do it here, my little pomegranates ! I actually like Brooks when he brings out those differences -- and Chris Matthews uses him in that capacity -- because I do not think that big city folk or people in that sphere understand Christians, or, rather, conservative evangelical Christianity and what a major force it is in our country . It transforms lives -- like say, the President's -- from alcoholic wastrel to productive citizen. It is amazing and, to be frank, I don't understand it, but I'd like to (ed note: there was absolutely no snark in that last staement: I really would like to understand the social forces at work in the evangelical movement in America). But Brooks has a serious side as well. And today Brooks tells us that George Bush and his courtiers have " A Fetish of Candor ," or, in other words, they like their country music, their cowboy hats and a handshake deal is as good as gold. These are serious, rugged foolk and they do badly when they have to get on the world stage and get all Machivellian with the heads of state of the chocolate-making countries . Brooks starts off snarkily enough: "I think we are all disgusted by the way George W. Bush's administration has allowed honesty and candor to seep into the genteel world of international affairs." Okay, you see where this is going? I can too. It ends thusly: "Sometimes you've got to be slippery to accomplish real good. The Bush administration is thus facing an insincerity crisis. It has become addicted to candor and forthrightness. It needs an immediate back-stabbing infusion. "Perhaps Al Gore could be brought in to offer advice." In other words, those urbane-sophisticated liberals who couldn't melt butter in their mouths because they haven't accepted Jesus and the right to shoot cannot understand candor and it is that candor that forced Donald Rumsfeld to repeatedly rub salt into the wounds of France and Germany calling them Old Europe. I see: It was a fetish of candor and not the school boy wrestling culture that Rummy was displaying, for all the world to see, when he slowly, creepily, last year morphed from Secretary of Defense into Secretary of State by criticizing Europe to NATO conferences in ... Europe. Sorry Brooks, this is cookie cutter stuff; I thought Gore sucked hard when he buried the knife into his loyal running mate's back, but to make that a metaphor for all non-Evangelicals is cheesy like Provolone . The Corsair rates today's Op Ed: C-plus . Needs improvement.

 But, Sir, Doesn't Pavarotti Suck? Right off the bat I am not going to say that I am a fan of Opera as a species , per se, although the early operas of Monteverdi have moved me, what with their odd sense of acceleration of pace and repetitions of phrase. I have found myself caught in the funk, so to speak, on those occasions, and have been known to move my midsection vigorously, like Courtney Cox in that godawful urlLink Springsteen video . No, I really didn't but it sounded interesting, didn't it? No? What ever . Not that Luciano Pavarotti would ever include Early Music in his cheesy repertoire. So, as you can guess, I do not see the need for his coming-to-be in Western Civilization, although I am vaguely aware that it does actually exist. Anyhoo: The big man urlLink got all pimped out for his wedding to his 30-year old ex-secretary, Nicoletta Mantovani . How cliche is that, anyway ? And with The Corsair , the only sins are sins of cliche ... and tackiness ... and Pavarotti is the king of tackiness. We like to call him Louche -iano Pavaratti. The died jet-black beard is highly implausible, and that fake ever-present smile creeps us out. And then there's that cheesy Three Tenors video where Arnold Shwarzenegger sits in the front row, fairly busting out his tuxedo: That was the moment that Oswald Spengler rendered tragically in Decline of the West . Yuck! Reuters reports: "'Alice joyfully invites you to the wedding of daddy Luciano and mummy Nicoletta,' read the invitation from the couple's 11-month-old daughter." How cuute . They continue: "A host of stars, including Irish rocker Bono and Italian singer Zucchero , turned out for the wedding which was eagerly anticipated by Italian gossip magazines and television chat shows." Well, if Zucchero was there, then it must indeed have been an event. But the true story -- and The Corsair is nothing if not a bloodhound on the search for scoop -- lies with Adua , jilted wife number one. Somewhere the urlLink well-paid Adua is speaking of things Pavarotti from behind clenched teeth and making broad and fast arm movements as is the Italian manner when emotional issues are involved. And boy would I like a translator to decipher that scoop. Because we all understand the language of jilt. What? You mean you've never excavated the archaeology of dumped? It's just me? Okay: whatever .

 Kids! Larry Clark Was Right Larry Clark may have been right about urlLink Kids . Those little rugrats are spreading the flu like crazy. I mean, sure , they are cute and urlLink defenseless and need our care and nurturing, but they are urlLink spreading this year's flu virus around like a drunk sailor spending his paycheck on shore leave. Okay, since we are being frank here, aren't kids sometimes just a little a bit creepy? C'mon! T ake off your PC blinders people! I'm thinking of John Singer Sargent's urlLink rendering of kids, you know what I mean ? Most of the time they are at the periphery of social life, but they just kind of stare at you with these urlLink knowing eyes . And their urlLink heads are all out of proportion and they have runny noses and they rarely wash their hands unless you tell them to and they just are a little too fascinated with the urlLink natural world that surrounds them . And we are not even going to go into naps (" Wake up! If you can't take the daily grind ...")and juice containers. It's all about the juice with those little monsters. What's up with that ?

 The Earth's Magnetic Field Is Weakening! urlLink MSNBC reports that the earth's magnetic field "has decreased 10 percent over the past 150 years, raising the remote possibility that it may collapse and later reverse, flipping the planet's poles for the first time in nearly a million years!" At this current rate of decline (*yawn*), the earth's magnetic field could vanish altogether in 1,500 to 2,000 years (zzzzzz...) Well, The Corsair will be pushing up daisies then, buried possibly at urlLink Westminster Abbey next to Geoffrey Chaucer , so the magnetic field can kiss my grits (originally said by Polly Holliday , the sassy, older 'socially unencumbered' waitress on the 70s hit series Alice ). Which brings me to the neat point that as architects came off well after our little national discussion on building design prompted by the downing of the World Trade Center, no earthly disaster -- even a cosmic scale -- could make the job of an " Earth Scientist " a remotely cool way to finance bling-bling . Studying the earth's magnetic field does not make one a babe magnet.

 Kutcher Pulls Punk'd You've got to hand it to Ashton Kutcher , he knows how to urlLink make an exit and coin a new verb, "to punk ." The former model and toyboy of Demi Moore is pulling the plug on the red-hot MTV hit show Punk'd , leaving us all wanting, uhm, (Demi) more. Foxnews' web site eulogizes: " Among Kutcher's victims: singer Nick Lachey, who thought his wife, Jessica Simpson , had allowed her hillbilly relatives to move their trailer onto his mansion estate, and Justin Timberlake , who was moved to panic when he thought all his belongings had been seized because he owed $900,000 in back taxes. "'Today is a sad day for MTV , but probably a happy day for Hollywood. Celebrities can rest a little easier knowing that the Punkings have ceased,' said Lois Curren , an MTV executive in charge of series development." But have the punkings ceased? The buzz flying around is that Kutcher is becoming too ubiquitous in his punkings. Hollywood is tipped off to his game. The pranks are getting harder to pull off on jaded, already punch drunk stars. So what better way to snag these unsuspecting A-listers, than to pretend the punking is over. Or maybe all the shadenfreude in the air is making everyone just a little too paranoid and it is we who are the punks.

 Bubbling Brown Sugar To my funny emailer -- and you know who you are -- who wanted me to dig up the words to "the song that the kids sang on What's Happeneing,"(and, no, it was not the same episode where Mr. Dunbar forced Raj, Rerun and Dwayne to bootleg the Doobie Brothers concert) here it is, in public, in full view : "Bubbling Brown Sugar if you feel you want to jump and shout. Bubbling Brown Sugar joy is what it's all about. Bubbling Brown Sugar bubbling with a happy beat, Bubbling Brown Sugar is a stimulating Harlem treat" There . The musical stylings of The Givens Kids . Now leave me alone.

 Crying at the Matrix Choire Sicha at the very cool urlLink Gawker hipped me to this little chestnut of a site that I find quite amusing. It is called urlLink Group Hug and it is chock full of confessions posted anonymously. The one I like best runs: "I went to Matrix 3 with a few of my friends (we're all male). And when the scene came where trinity died, I had to fight and strive to hold back tears so i wouldnt look like a wuss. "I was unsuccessful, and a tear streamed down my face just as one of my friends looked over at me. "Subsequently, i wasnt the cool one for the night." more confessions at: urlLink http://grouphug.us/

 Sir Mick Jagger Sells Out It's official: His Satanic Majesty, Mick Jagger , uhm, make that Sir Mick Jagger has urlLink sold out . This is an especially sad moment for classic rock afficionados as Mick is the embodiment of good old male rebellion, uhm, was the urlLink embodiment anyway . He was very Peter Pan I-won't-grow-up and that was okay. Somehow, life was worth living knowing that at least conceptually someone like Mick could exist in a state of perpetual adolescence, knocking up Brazilian supermodels and shaking his booty on a stage even though well into Middle Age. Alas , the Mick is no more. He joins a long line of pop-knights, like Sir Paul McCartney and Elton John , but neither of those icons lived anti-establishment lives to the degree of Mick. Even Keith Richards admits what Mick is too afraid to say: Jagger saw the Estrablishment as more attractive than the outer periphery, where he laughed at the squares for so many years, and which has richly rewarded him. In the end, I guess, we all just want to be on the inside; Mick laughed at the squares, and now he wants to be one. "I think he would probably like to get the same honour himself," Sir Mick said of Richards, questioning his craggy-faced bandmate's motives. "It's like being given an ice cream - one gets one and they all want one. It's nothing new. Keith likes to make a fuss." Richards had said to Uncut Magazine that he did not want to go on stage with someone wearing a "coronet and sporting the old ermine", adding: "It's not what the Stones is about, is it?" No, it's not.

 "I've seen her in her underwear, but I've never seen her with a mop!" The above quote comes from celebrity dummy Nick Lachey speaking on the subject of his wife, Jessica Simpson , who has eyes the color of weak tea, by the way, in the latest urlLink Star Magazine . The interview is significant for several reasons, the most important being: who the hell gives an interview to Star Magazine anyway? Isn't Star one of those magazines where if one finds oneself ensconsced therein, the right response is to recoil in horror? Don't publicists commit hare-kare as a result of the failure to get their clients stories out of the pages of Star? Isn't Star the embodiment of shadenfreude? Has Star ever run a positive piece about a celebrity? Apparently Nicko doesn't mind -- if you'll excuse the pun. In the interview, when asked if he and his dim wife were worried about overexposure, he replies, "I've always said that's a good problem to have. We're certainly enjoying ourselves." Okay, Sally Kirkland! The interview goes on, painfully: Star: "People are fascinated that Jessica made you wait two years, until you were married, to have sex. Nicko : "I wish it were only two. It was three. Star: "And you were faithful the entire time? Nicko: "Uh, yeah. Let me give you the exclusive scoop: I wasn't with her because I wanted to sleep with her. If that was the case, I would have been gone early on. I fell in love with her for many other reasons. I was very much dedicated to her and very faithful to her. Star: "You've said you'd never even seen her naked before you got married? Nicko: "I'm not talking about this stuff. It's not anybody's business." Uh huh, urlLink read all about it . And in other breaking boy band news: Nick Carter urlLink fires his manager mother . I know, I don't really care either.

 Andrew Cuomo: The Art of Losing "The agony of defeat. It seems magnified in a political election, that modern day crusade and zero-sum game. There is no silver medal award for finishing second. Elections consume body and soul. "My race was great political theater. I was running last year in a primary to defeat George Pataki, who defeated my father Mario Cuomo. The New York press had choreographed the campaign into an Italian opera in which the son was to avenge the father's death. There was no romance in the opera: father dies, and son dies. "Political loss is unique in that it is public and pervasive. There is no need to whisper in the kitchen 'honey, I didn't get the promotion' after an unsuccessful political campaign, everone knows you lost. "For me, the pervasive nature of loss became real one day after my withdrawal from the New York governor's race when I was at a gas station. I pulled into a self service station and removed the gas cap. I was excercising all the deliberate caution not to dirty my suit or my tie, which have a proclivity to position itself as a bib for the gas nozzle. I was attempting my personal innovation: wedging the gas cap into the nozzle to avoid having to hold the handle. As this is not easily done, I made several attempts in which the cap fell down and rolled to some inaccessible spot, causing me to have to retrieve it, moving delicately to avoid dirtying myself. "At this point I looked across the island to see the customer on the other side watching my exhibition. The patron across the way looked at me and said, 'Boy Andrew, losing really stinks -- you even have to pump your own gas. "Everyone knew. There was no hiding." Crossroads , Introducion by Andrew Cuomo .

 The Corsair's Remote Control Tour Diary We have a few new visitors to The Corsair , so I'm going to repost this tv tour. If you have already peeped it, please scroll down for the new posts, sorry about that. There are over 500 cable channels nowadays, so who better to give you a tour of some of the major ones? Anyhoo: 500 channels means "niche marketing." And with all those niches, things can get confusing as to what is being marketed. So, The Corsair will help the viewer through the wonderful world of cable with these pithy explanations, In Media Res: TNT : Lousy with Middle aged Testosterone. A musky-smelling channel. Bruce Willis and Steven Seagal action flics and basketball. Big in New Jersey. CNN : Used to be a channel for Kings and Queens and heads of state, but of late it is the channel for cranky retired people with an angry opinion on everything political ("Those libs are holding up Medicaid!"). Poor CNN: They used to wine and dine with kings and queens, but now they are laying in the gutter eating pork and beans. Lifetime : A channel earnestly devoted to the smouldering resentments of Midwestern housewives. Husbands are to blame in most of these story lines. Anger is the predominant emotion. Hollywood has not been kind to Nancy McKeon . Hell hath no fury like Joanna Kearns scorned! Family Channel : The channel devoted to Christians in a nuclear family with a conviction that human history has a purpose beyond this world. Halleleuia . Lots of Mary Kate and Ashley films , which, ironically, attract a very different sort of crowd than the ones that these cats are aiming after. CNBC : This channel serves as "White Noise" for the various strip joints in the Wall Street and financial district vicinity. As your Bud Fox -like trader with a "Lawng Island" accent sips a Stoli on the rocks on his lunchbreak, sniffing his "Bolivian white Powder" ("Vitamin C"), getting a "friction dance" from his favorite "dancer," he can look over her shoulder, casually, and catch a brief glance at just how the markets are doing, and get a gauge on when he should return to the office. A&E : An elderly folks network with lots of Murder, She Wrote , and "original" films like "Horatio Hornblower," for viewers who can remember their glorious years of service in the British Imperial navy policing those hectic colonial ports. History : This is the Hitler and Outlaw Biker channel. At any time of the day, there is a hilbilly bar with serious discussions going on as to Hitler's "tactical blunders" and what they would have done "different," with this channel serving as the background noise. Discovery : This is the older, skeevier companion network to the already low rent History Channel , which means that it attracts a comparatively downscale sort of viewer than one would expect at History, which is not saying much at all. Seriously, though, This is the straight up serial killers network. No joking, yo. Somewhere in the Yosemite Valley there is a man, in a dungeon, sweating profusely, wearing clown makeup and laughing at the moon. He is surrounded by dog collars and he is described by co workers at the post office as "a solitary man." Guess which channel this guy is watching to drown out the screams. That's right (sotto voce) Discovery . Homeland security must needs to monitor anyone who watches more than 3 hours a day of this shit . VH1 : Perhaps the coolest channel on basic cable or otherwise, my little pomegranates! Suffused with irony, snark and nostalgia, this channel supplies the basic components of the Gen X diet. Michael Hirschorn is our god; we are not worthy . MTV : No longer cool: a little resentful of the joie de vivre its older, more successful brother, VH1 . It will never be the 80s again and the blush has wore off that ordinary looking frat boy Carson Daly . No one over 16 should be watching this channel, even for the misguided purpose of irony. E!: Creepy celebrity stalking and gossip. Everyone on this channel reeks of thwarted Hollywood ambitions and plastic surgery gone awry. This channel hasn't had a hit since Gregg Kinnear was up in this bitch , and Jules Asner snatched Steven Soderberg , using the Asner name (she divorced Ed Asner's son years ago). ESPN: This is reality tv for the Maxim set. Faint but palpable homoerotic subtext via "hero worship" of alpha males, like, say, Shaq or Sprewell (but viewers call him Spree, cause, like, they know him personally in a Calvin Klein kind of way), although your average Joe Fratboy will never acknowledge that distrubing little truth. Bravo : For the affluent gay man. Cultural programming( National Dog Show , Cirque du Soleil , Inside the Actors Studio ) and Queer Eye For the Straight Guy rebroadcasts. If you go in for the National Dog Show, collect Lalique crystal (" Steuben Glass is for amateurs"), or the like, then this is your network. BET : A seriously embarassing network marketed to the seedy stereotype of the urban underclass. Ghetto comedy skits told in unremarkable english with frequent reference to bodily functions; charmed , I'm sure. Snakeoil selling televangelists prevail over the airwaves on Sundays. And C-List Blaxploitations flix fill out the rest of any regrettable week spent watching this schedule. urlLink Can you fucking believe that Viacom paid three billion dollars for this channel ? Sci Fi: The repressed sexuality channel. Their niche is the grown man who has a crush on the X Man, Storm and dreams in full-on video games. Somehow the unresolved "sexual energy" gets worked out into a reverence for the "paranormal." B List hot chicks like Shannen Doherty and Tracy Lords end up here after Hollywood is through with them. Fox: If you go in for Karl Rove's talking points, this is the channel for you. The Corsair has to admit that he watched it during the Second Gulf War . Fox routinely scooped the other networks because it sometimes seemed that Rummy gave them the inside scoop. For a "family values network," the women broadcasters have an oddly pornographic patina about them. Hmmm. Showtime: Tries earnestly to out-extreme the original programming at HBO , who got there first. Dreams of getting recognized at events like the Golden Globes ; not likely, however. This is the place to try to pitch your indie documentary on transexual underwater basket weavers in Micronesia . Food : For people who's interest in food has transcended the purely phenomenal eating stage. TLC: This channel is a bit of a mystery to me. It used to have a niche as a sort of Cliff Clavin channel: you know, for the general interest trivia mind-- programming on the imago stage of child development, poisonous reptiles, the Minoan civilization, Roman mosaics, classical biological warfare, the robber barons, volcanoes, that sort of thing. But now it has a lot of "fixing up the home" programming. Go figure what that means. AMC: Kind of Cool. Old Hollywood glamour with some original programming and commentary on the Gilded Age of Hollywood. This is like a channel put together by the editors of Variety looking backward. Vanity Fair should do a show here. Old school. FX: Not worth talking about. Maxim lite. Loads of testosterone. We: Women's fantasy. Lots of Merchant-Ivory Brit productions of aristocrats who fall in love with common women, who are often middle aged American divorcees. Pure drivel. C-Span: For the ultra political science geek. Viewers tend to look like urlLink Michael Barone , wait anxiously for their New Republic copies to arrive, and chuckle over Senate voting record statistics. Can rattle off the precise wording of the Republican Party platform of 1964. Oxy: Very "sisterhood" oriented; Oprah and Gerry Laybourne's experiment has recently taken a sort of Sapphic detour of late with regard to their programming. National Geographic: Interesting and kind of cool. This is a channel about animals and exotic cultures. IFC: So earnest, so hip, so anti-Hollywood: yet as soon as Dinner for Five's indy star John Favreau gets to do a big shlocky Hollywood film like Elf , he jumps like a Cocker Spaniel being offered a dog yummy. Independent cinema is dead. TCM: This is a less hip AMC. This is like AMC with a broken hip. Lots of old movies with no irony or relevant commentary. Ovation: The Corsair has a theory that this is a piece of flotsam adrift on the vast media ocean that is digital television. They repeat the same ten or so programs ad nauseum. Is there anyone employed at Ovation? Did the programmer have a heart attack in the 80s? Did anyone notice? Is anyone watching? ESPNClassic: Oh, dear lord help us. Old men with beer bellies reliving "classic sports moments." (At this point, Bruce Springsteen's Glory Days should be playing). This is the tv channel Al Bundy would most likely be watching on his day off from the shoe store. TVLand: Tries to be all retro-ironical, but street cred will not be forthcoming by running repeats of Bewitched and Sanford and Son , alone. Poor saps. The other networks have bought all the good old tv shows, leaving TV Land to contemplate Mayberry. Animal: Television for committed vegans and PETA members. What kind of ad revenue do these guys generate? Sundance: An edgy IFC; very left wing political, but pure . Robert Redford's pet liberal project. Trio: Perhaps the coolest channel of them all. What VH1 viewers will most likely watch once they quit being ironic, get real jobs in the media and participate in the economy. Used to be a Canadian station, believe it or not. Culture and media navel gazing. NWI: A rap up of all the international anti-American news agencies. Al Gore wants to buy this station and kick things up a notch. DiscoveryTimes: One of the strangest channels in the world. this is actually the New York Times' channel, but it is devoted to showing America militarized or in crisis, which, all told, are the moments when The Old Grey Lady was at its finest. Lots of Civil rights struggles, war footage, terrorism analysis, and --wierdest of all -- endless looks into our military academies. What the fuck?! FUSE: MTV's unsuccessful competitor for the extreme generation low attention span kiddie market, which is not saying much. VH1Classic: Could be interesting, as the X Generation is big on nostalgia, but right now this channel is not happening. USA: This is the sybil channel. It is high testosterone most of the year, but come holiday time it is all about the holidays... kinda like our dads. Style: If it is possible this is an even more shallow channel than E! Lots of B-List types talking about the beauty business. That's all, I hope you liked my thoughts. If you did, bookmark this site. Cordially, Ron Mwangaguhunga

 Lawyer-Journos? The issue of people in the media business who studied to become or were actually practicing lawyers fascinates me. Strange as it may seem, there seem to be quite a few lawyers who toss aside the glamour of that most hated of professions to take up work in the media, which, oftentimes seems just as popular a vocation. Think: Charlie Rose , Geraldo Rivera , Ann Coulter , Steven Brill , Jim Cramer and even Laura Ingraham . Do these lawyer-journosl have any characteristics in common? Well, one thing that fairly leaps at you is their aggression . Aggression is rewarded in the legal industry, where the term "shark," is, more often than not, a term of endearment . Ann Coulter exemplifies the lawyer-journo's aggression made good. But my favorite aggression journo lawyer story involves Steve Brill taking -- quite literally -- a bite out of fellow lawyer-journo Jim Cramer back in the heyday of American Lawyer Magazine: From James Cramer's autobiographical Confessions of a Street Addict : "(Brill) never did know when to quit, though, and could not bear to lose at anything. At the firm's summer outing at Brill's Westchester mansion, he divided us into teams, placing us in his pool, and insisted we play a vicious game of water polo where dunking was encouraged and expected. He relished the contact, being a head taller than just about anyone else on the opposing squad, including me. Just as I was about to score what would have been the tying goal for my team, Brill sank his teeth into my throwing arm, spouting blood into the clear water in a steady stream. As everyone looked on in horror, I could only laugh. That was Steve all over." Oh dear sweet Jesus . Ambition is also common to lawyer-journos. Brooke Astor took Rose under her wing, Bloomberg sponsored his show, and Charlie has been chasing his courtier dreams ever since: whether on 6 0 Minutes II , or at a dinner party at Tina Brown's , Charlie is all about the bold faced names. Arguably, his entire show could be seen -- if you are feeling particularly cynical -- as a venture in bold faced names. Bluster is another quality journo-lawyers have in spades. Geraldo Rivera is not affraid to talk smack and back it up with the old Bronx raspberry once in a while. Geraldo doesn't go by the code of journalists, no, he goes by the Brooklyn Law school tough Newyorican (well, Jewish Newyorican) punchy code. He will punch out white supremacists or threaten to bust a cap in Sadaam Hussein's somewher-in-Bagdad ass. He's old school like that. urlLink Geraldo also likes the ladies and has admitted to pitching woo with Marian Javits , wife of former New York senator Jacob Javits ; Margaret Trudeau ; Bette Midler , and Liza Minelli (well, partly) among others (hey. it was the 70s, who loves ya baby?. HyperAchievement is another factor in the lawyerjourno. Steve Brill's towering After, which is perhaps the best account of September 11 th, is a prime example. Actually, Brill's After is probably the greatest rendering of the events surrounding a single day from a single location ever created. A mere journo could never have done that, no: only a lawyer-journo would have the guts and the towering ambition. So what have we learned ? One, that journalism, or, work in "the media" is more glamourous than the law. Journalism has what the Japanese call " urlLink face ." Lawyers bring qualities that journos do not necessarily have. And lawyers are often more fun to watch and read than regular journos because they are so hyperagressive and ego-driven. But that's just my opinion.

 Grover Is Evil Every fairy tale has a villain. Do you remember all the hullabaloo several years ago when cultural investigators finally figured out that urlLink Bert from Sesame Street was really a passive aggressive evil puppet ? Well, they forgot to mention Grover ... Grover Norquist that is. There is no way to underestimate the evil genius of Grover Norquist , Karl Rove's best friend, one of the dirtiest players in Washington, and a man who has the President of the United States on speed dial. He strides the fence on K Street like a mighty colossus, bending America and the world at large to his whimsy. Who would have thought that a man named Grover could be so dangerous? urlLink Grover has urlLink made enemies on the urlLink left and the urlLink far right and if he weren't so powerful, he would probably be the latest celebrity criminal. Better yet: he would be a celebrity lobbyist criminal -- and no one likes lobbyists . But money and influence can sweep away scandal -- just ask the Governator; and very few people living have as much influence as that lobbyist called Grover. Even conservatives have urlLink trouble with Grover, who, if I take the meaning of my DC emails, is becoming quite a polarizing figure on the Georgetown scene. But the most interesting line about urlLink Grover making the rounds in DC is that he might have been the man who convinced the White House into urlLink airlifting shady Saudi nationals out of the US immediately urlLink following 9/11 . urlLink This guy is Darth Vader evil.

 Has Jump the Shark Jumped the Shark? Jump the Shark has urlLink chronicled the moments when tv shows and bands have put on their leather jackets and attempted to waterski over the holding pens of apex predators to keep their street cred. Starting as a web site, then slipping into the urlLink publishing realm, the average Gen Xer felt proud that urlLink John Hein's ingenious contribution to the English language was becoming a mini-empire of sorts. I mean , someone had to hold powerful and shadowy men like Asaad Kelada's feet to the flame when they hoisted that noxious flame-haired country music child star Danny Cooksey , aka "Sam" from Diffrn't Strokes on us to be "the new cute kid." Pshaw ! What does any Gen Xer want to do anyway when we are not doing the important things in life? We like to "pop culture reference." And no, I don't know why we do, maybe it's a latchkey thing, I don't know, but boy do we like to make up lists and impress each other with our knowledge of pop culture trivia (for example, Mr. Drummond was played by the unforgettable Conrad Bain , hows that for spiffy? Just don't ask me who played the dizzy Aunt Sophia ). Cue to 2004, and the creation of "Jump the Shark" the urlLink desk calendar . The Corsair wants to feel the love for JTS, back in the day when it was only a website and was, for lack of a better word, fresh . Oh how I chuckled as posters blasted Janet Jackson's underwritten character Cleo for ruining Fame , or when that mop haired little girl ruined Growing Pains (what's that? Growing Pains was never worth a peep?), or when Edna's Edibles (run by the indomitable Charlotte Rae , thank you very much) fucked up the whole girls in private school scenario. But the blush is off the rose, dear friends; Jump the Shark has officially bitten the big one exceding it's reach and mandate. Ah well, we'll always have the memories and those cheesy retrospectives on TV Land.

 Bobby Hit Whitney? Oh, no he didn't! Lowlife punchy pseudomusician Bobby "My Prerogative: Brown is accused of having punched Whitney "Oh, no Diane ... Crack (sotto voce) is wack." Houston in the face, cutting her upper lip and bruising her cheek in Alpharetta, Georgia, of all places. urlLink Being punchy is not your urlLink prerogative , urlLink Bobby . Here are some of Tenderoni's greatest brushes with Johnny Law: Arrested in Alpharetta urlLink while eating fish . Arrested on urlLink drug and traffic charges . Arrested for urlLink drug possession and speeding . Sexual urlLink battery charges . Crack is like arugula compared to Bobby Brown. In some good celebrity news (how often do you hear that?), urlLink Elvis Costello married Diana Krall . Genius babies will ensue.

 Is NY 1 CBS's Farm League? Duke Castiglione . Andrew Kirtzman . Jay Dow . Kerri Lyon . Now Arthur Chien . It reads like a Who's Who of the NY broadcast news biz. All four talented reporters were originally NY1 talent "poached" by CBS NY in only the past year. CBS NY is shanghaing NY1's videojournalists like sailors out of the 19th Century, with one difference, of course: unlike those luckless shanghaied, the NY1 staff is voluntarily leaving the scrappy local 24-hour Time Warner news service. As the hierarchy dictates, CBS trumps NY1, so there is nothing anyone can really do about the loss of familiar faces on the 24 hour channel. This leaves me wondering: Has NY1 become a farm league for CBS NY to pilfer at will?

 Casey at Bat Things are a little confusing these days for that loveable "crackling voiced" shlockmeister Kemal Amen Kasem , the son of Lebanese Druze parents. Yesterday it was rumored that Casey Kasem was being pushed out in urlLink favor of Ryan Seacrest . Now, Casey Kasem urlLink has signed a long term deal with the company that had allegedly leaked the rumor. First he was passing the baton, now he'll be "counting down the hits for my listeners into the next decade." The Corsair is confused here: Ryan or urlLink Casey . Who will play the "Leader of the Pack" on his birthday?

 It's Official: Porn is the Mainstream Since 1905 Variety has reported on Tinseltown's business, but it has studiously ignored the seedier side of the business down in the San Fernando Valley, namely, the porn industry . You know, the industry that moved out at, like, 15 -- okay, ran away -- and ended up living on the "wrong side of the street"? Even the name suggests an aura of up-to-no-good. No, Variety wanted to keep face; Variety was not about that; Variety would cover Nicholson , BO , prexy changes and helmers . No longer. Add the verb porning to the Variety lexicon. Variety Magazine , the essential rag for the film and tv industry here in the US has started an official porn blog called urlLink The Porning Report , which means that the $10 billion dollar a year industry is now about as close to legit as it has ever been. Imagine if 100 years from now Pa ris Hilton , whose porn tape was viewed en masse in bars and offices, was the one who liberated porn.

 Conde Nast Dish with Joan Didion and Meghan Daum Okay, pull your chairs up close to the screen and grab a handful of unsalted popcorn while Daddy Corsair reads to you from the latest Black Book interview with everyones favorite intellectual rail-thin porcelain doll-looking literati Joan Didion and urlLink Meghan Daum in urlLink Black Book . They dish on Conde Nast . Meghan goes first: "I was mistaken for a messenger one time, walking into 350 Madison Avenue I was so bedraggled and poorly dressed. They stopped me at the desk and told me to take the freight elevator and I said, 'I'm an assistant.' I'm really curious to talk to you about this, because that was '92 and it was the closest I felt I came to a glamourous literary job. I knew nothing about fashion. I had no interest in it -- I pronounced Versace as Versayce -- but its interesting how the fashion world is intrinsically linked to being a writer for women. It's so interesting because it ties in to this idea that a long time ago that the Seven Sisters College embodied a sensibility that was directly parallel to the culture of Conde Nast and that somehow, throughout time, both cultures have been perverted by various social forces." Didion: Yeah, the people in charge of Conde Nast saw themselves in loco parentis, really. They had all these young children who came to work for them, and they took care of them in a sense. Black Book: What would you attribute to the change in that culture? Meghan: Maybe cocaine (both laugh)

 It's Official: Architects Are The New Black In the aftermath of September 11, many seismic cultural shifts occurred below the media radar. One of the most interesting is that the unlikely Daniel Liebeskind became a household name. From out of obscurity onto the pages of Page Six and Vanity Fair , and even urlLink The New Yorker , urlLink architects and graphic designers are, for lack of a better word, cool . To paraphrase Huey Lewis and the News , it's hip to use a T Square . In the January 2004 Vanity Fair they profile some of the more high profile members of the design community. The Corsair has to admit, there is a sort of high bohemian aesthetic hipness to those cool cats. Clad in black and sporting interestingly designed glasses (do all architects wear glasses? Or is it some Machiavellian stunt to achieve the effect of great learning?) I mean, successful members of the design community represent both the ancient and the modern: the reside at the nexus point at which technology and art achieve confluence. Their hair is bad in that nurtured in the wilderness manner that suggests genius and, at the very least, a touching lack of personal vanity. They wear strange Modernist jewelry informed by the religious symbols of far flung exotic lands. Their vocabulary is nebulous, as rendered famously by the smart sister who went to Brandeis in Hannah and her Sisters ; they know their way around words like "space" and "grid" and "unrealized," yet their millieu is quite substantive -- glass, for example, and titanium. Let's face it: Architects, who once were lumped in one notch below chemical engineers in the hipness game, are the new black . Their resume is so much more weighty than yours or mine. If I walk into a bar and hit on a leggy hot chick, I might, out of the side of my mouth mention that I had a great urlLink interview with David Lynch , and that he had to delay his flight to preside over the jury at Cannes to talk to me. Cool, right? You'd think so: you'd think that I get the girl. And in a just and rational universe I would get the girl. But this is not a rational universe. Now, imagine if an architect walks in. What has he done lately? asks the hot chick, gamely. Nothing much says he from behind large spectacles. He's just designed the Saidye Bronfman Center in urlLink Montral. Ka-blam ! And just like that I'm buying him a drink while he's discussing breakfast options for the morning after with wifey. Let's face it: it's an architect-designed world and we are just renting space.

 Billary Shrugged " Howard Dean laughed. " urlLink He stood boldly at the edge of a political crossroads. The nomination lay slightly ahead of him. A frozen explosion of granite burst in flight to the sky over the motionless establishment. The Democratic Party Establishment seemed immovable. The establishment had the stillness of one brief moment in battle when thrust meets thrust and the currents are held in a pause more dynamic than motion. The stone glowed, wet with sunrays." Submitted for your approval: The Fountainhead a la Howard Dean and his Rage Against the Party Machine campaign. So let's review what has happened thus far in the Democratic primary soap operetta, shall we? Al Gore , out from the wilderness of a Japanese trip (whiskey commercial?)decides, rather abruptly -- okay, very abruptly -- to endorse Howard Dean , the hard charging but affable former Governor of Vermont, in the process bitchlapping his loyal former running mate Senator Joe Lieberman in the process, effectively ending that man's bid at the Presidency. Lieberman isn't the only one to get Gored. Billary faced real damage by this endorsement which, obviously, contained some spite, as Dean is the anti-DLC Billary candidate . Al never got over the Lewinsky; even Monica's over it, but not our Albert. Gore Vidal, a relation, once quipped on the Gore family that if a poisonous snake were to bite a Gore, it would die, envenomated. We get his point . God it must suck to be Billary right now. Gore, in playing Kingmaker to Dean, places himself smack dab in the path of Hillary as being the de facto leader and moral voice of the Democratic Party. He also puts a thumb in the eye of his former boss, Bill Clinton, insinuating himself in his wifes path, rejecting a his boss' legacy in which he himself was a prime player , and aiding and abetting the enemy. Everywhere, Bill Clinton's legacy is being torn to pieces. The recent elections in Ireland had caused Clinton's Good Friday Accords to evaporate. The Democratic Party has repudiated Clinton's centrism and veered back to the left. The golden age of the 90s has been dismissed as irrational exhuberance. Everyone and their brother has a book out calling attention to Clinton's Rwanda failure. Clinton backed milk dud munching geek Gray Davis got his ass handed to him on a platter by the Governator; Clinton's team now works for Wesley Clark , whose candidacy is about as thin as the hair atop Donald Trump's head. Even Linda Tripp was awarded back pay. Billary shrugged indeed.

 Paris: Troubled Teen In Love With Her Reflection Paris Hilton attended a school for troubled kids? No! Say it aint so ! urlLink The National Enquirer gives us the lowdown on Paris Hilton's brief stay at the exclusive urlLink CEDU school in Running Hills, Ca . The website for the school says: "CEDU High is an emotional growth boarding school for adolescents who exhibit behavioral and learning difficulties. The curriculum has three cornerstones: The original CEDU Emotional Growth program; college preparatory academics; and an outstanding outdoor adventure program. Woven through this triangle is an enriching theme of visual and performing arts. CEDU High School is the original emotional growth boarding school. Since 1967, it has worked with teens and families to redirect negative behavior, teach vital life skills, create academic success, and reunite families." There are a million rather snarky comments The Corsair could make about "performing arts," and Paris Hilton and "negative behavior" and Paris Hilton, but we shall refrain. Oh, how we shall refrain . Anyway , back to the Enquirer because enquiring minds want to know. Patricia Shipp writes: "(Paris) acted like royalty from the time she arrived until she made her escape -- by limousine -- after two months, charges the source, who attended the school with the hotel heiress. "'She was a mess from day one,' the insider told The ENQUIRER. 'She was such a spoiled brat that the other rich kids were disgusted with her too!' "Paris was admitted into the school partly to help her to stop her abuse of drugs and alcohol, but all she talked about was finding a way to get out. "'She arrived with several bags of designer luggage like she was going to a resort on vacation. She was more concerned about what she was wearing and what shade of makeup to put on rather than talking about her problems.' "Stuck-up and in love with her reflection, she threw a fit when she learned she could wear only the jeans, T-shirts and sweatshirts supplied by the facility, divulged the insider. "'But that was nothing compared to the tornado she created when they told her absolutely no makeup . "'Oh, my God! I thought the end of the world was coming the way she reacted to the rules. If Paris wasn't crying, she was angry -- refusing to eat the food or figuring out how to escape. "'Everyone was expected to do assigned chores and to participate in group discussions -- but Paris did nothing, except cry like a baby.'" The Corsair has absolutely no comment. urlLink Judge for yourself .

 Eminem and the Secret Service My friends at urlLink Moneyjungle.org are taking on the Eminem contretemps, lock stock and smoking barrel, so you better recognize ! The Corsair has largely avoided the issue on the grounds that any man who would urlLink threaten to kill the mother of his children and engage in a very public and very ugly urlLink lawsuit against his mom , would feel no hindrance in hunting down a lowly blogger like a urlLink New Jersey black bear . And our philosophy is very pro-life, namely my own . I'm too cute to die. Anyhoo : Moneyjungle says: "The thing is, I don?t think Eminem is the problem. I don?t even think it?s rap music. I think it?s a much larger problem. I think it is the ?urban? agenda - a close ally of the urlLink ol?homosexual agenda in the battle for our hearts and minds? it?s ruining our country. I mean, first Bob Marley shoots the sheriff. Then Ice-T is telling kids to kill cops and now they have set their sites on the president. And we?re at war. "Does Eminem have no shame?"

 She's Easy Like Sunday Morning urlLink Star Magazine , that significant cultural artifact, shows us some of the interesting footage that didn't quite make the cut at Fox TV's hit The Simple Life , starring Paris Hilton and Nicole Ritchie . Our favorite little chesnuts: "They were kind of pumping gas at the Exxon for one or maybe two days but they didn't do much," says Chris Trotter , who works at the gas station/grocery store. "They pumped a few cars, but just for the cameras. Fox offered $5 off a tank of gas to get a lot of people to come in [to the station] those days." and: "I heard Paris say that it was just innocent flirting, but I think it was a lot more than that," insists Trotter. "She hooked up with several guys." Oh that urlLink Uptown Girl livin urlLink la vida loca !

 Gore Comes To Harlem Forget about urlLink Cotton , Al Gore has come to Harlem to endorse Dean! But his trip is, uhm, quixotic for two reasons: 1) Harlem is the location of the office of Bill Clinton -- the biggest cat in the jungle -- who is all but against the Dean run. Dean is the anti-Democratic candidate (read: Anti-Clinton- Terry McAuliffe , centrist DLC, moneygrubbing, poll taking, lowdown suckas). So this brings up the thorny question: why Harlem , Al? Did you really have to take it to the 'hood? So it's like that, brother? 2) Joe Lieberman , Gore's Vice Presidential pick, was completely urlLink blindsided . Actually bitchslapped is a more accurate description, but try as we might, the image of Gore bitchslapping the stately Senator from Connecticut didn't pass muster. At the very least it was bad manners , at its worst, um, it's pretty bad (The Corsair can imagine Washingtonians like socialite Sally Quinn covering her mouth and whispering into beltway insider Ben Bradlee's ear: oh no he didn't ). So, when is Lieb going to pull out? The Corsair is talking all predictions at papermag@yahoo.com . My own bet is before the end of December, and his withdrawal will be a nasty urlLink Zell Miller type affair. We cannot wait to watch how Lieberman handles his treatment at the hands of the Democrats. At this moment, Bill Clinton is sitting in urlLink Sylvia's in Harlem on his lunch hour, sampling the urlLink smothered pork chops , hungrily eyeing the women of 125th street contemplating his next move. Bill Clinton's old school like that.

 Checkmate: White Knight to Rescue Lord Black: The Canadian Media Invasion Begins Will Mort Zuckerman be the white knight to rescue Lord Black and the embattled Hollinger, Inc, and, more important, will the media ever stop preceding Hollinger with embattled ? That cannot be good for the share price. Oh, it's all good, The Corsair is only having a little bit of shadenfreude at the expense of the mogul Canadians. And you can bet your black clothing that somewhere,--somehow -- Graydon Carter is lighting up, secretly avoiding the Blooberg's finest and chuckling at the end of irony and this curious media development. Chris Tryhorn of the Guardian urlLink writes : "Mr.Zuckerman, who owns the Daily News tabloid is the latest high-profile figure to be touted as a potential white knight who might rescue Lord Black's companies. "According to reports, Lord Black is hoping to persuade him to invest in Hollinger and is not in talks to sell any of his titles, which include the Daily Telegraph , the Spectator magazine and the Jerusaleum Post . "Mr Zuckerman, like Lord Black, was born in Canada and made his fortune in Boston real estate and has owned the market-leading Daily News for the past decade." In Richard Sikios' 1995 book Shades of Black he tells a compelling story of how Mort Zuckerman beat out Lord Conrad Black to buy the NY Daily News . urlLink Black eventually went on to back the urlLink New York Sun . urlLink Lord Black of Crossharbour was always a fan of the New York scene and was after an American flagship. In 1992 he met Barbara Walters at a cocktail party in London. Walters suggested to Lord Black (okay, I just like saying that) that he talk to her investment banker friend John Veronis about buying the troubled Daily News. Lord Black did and things started rolling. He assessed that the Daily News was overmanned and needed a new printing plant, but, as a businessman, approached it all from the point of view of getting a "a good deal or no deal." Enter Mortimer Zuckerman , an individual not tied to any company or justifications for his purchases. Zuckerman made his wealth in real estate and wanted "face" in the New Yorkmedia swirl after buying US News and World Report and The Atlantic . Black and Zuckerman initially talked about buying the venture together. David Radler . president of Hollinger, Black's company, told Siklos: "At one point (Zuckerman) talked, for instance, that we would switch every year who would control the editorial page." Conversations broke down and a bidding war ensued. Rupert Murdoch weighed in, unsurprisingly, on the side of fellow conservative Lord Black. "I think Conrad would be very good for the News," said Murdoch at the time,"and he'd be better still for the city." On August 17 Lord Black offered $75 million of Hollinger money and won backing of both the Board of Directors and management of the Daily News. Zuckerman won the drivers and pressmens unions. In the end Zuckerman won because he offered a more positive vision for the company as an individual buyer not linked to a corporation. Lord Black would have had to cut jobs to justify the purchase to investors in Hollinger. C'est tout!

 Russ Smith On Michael Wolff Where did I go wrong and how is it truly done , seem to me to be the laments arising, prayer-like, from Russ Smith's urlLink tender assessment of Michael Wolff in, of all places, the embattled Hollinger Inc's New York Sun . Can I too be a daddy cool of the media, Michael? Lunch with me , oh successful media critic, and tell me where I went awry ... "Mr. Wolff is the quintessential caricature of Manhattans insulated, effete, and self-important insider," writes the scrappy Russ Smith , by way of wind up. But from then on, (and on) the drool quotient increases arithmetically as Russ does a one hundred and eighty degree turn from his usual role as irascible conservative, now trying on the ermine hat and spaniel-like eyes of the courtier. Please, Michael Wolff , invite Mugger to Michaels and put him out of his ass kissing misery! We actually kind of liked him when he took on the power elite of this city and Washington, arms swingling, eyes closed,broad haymakers rarely, if ever, connecting with the intended smug liberal media target: it was somehow touching . But now Smith continues, shamelessly, nose shaded an autumnal brown: "Mr. Wolff, along with a group of investors including advertising legend Donny Deutsch , is one of the bidders for New York magazine, which is currently up for sale. At the same time, he has been discussing with Roger Ailes a possible television slot on Fox News . Please step lively, butwatch the drool. Smitty goes on: "Mr. Wolff holds court at Michaels the favored restaurant for such worthies nearly every day; hes a frequent talk-show guest; he owns a Rolodex thats the envy of competitors; and he is a regular on the lecture circuit. He speculates at will on the failures and successes of companies such as TimeWarner , News Corp ., the New York Times , Viacom , Vivendi , and Cond Nast , and the (mostly) men who run them. "Hes on a first-name basis with Rupert Murdoch . One can almost feel the pathos, the longing; but it is not over: "One attribute Mr. Wolff possesses, however, separates him from all the other vain characters who read the New York Observer every Wednesday to see if their name is mentioned (if only that paper had an index!): Hes got thick skin and is less prone to hold grudges than most of his lunch companions." And surely Russ Smith would be an excellent one of those lunch companions. The Corsair can feel the love and -- dare we say it? -- envy from over here (envy is great weakness of the writer, after all), even at the far end of the rarified media elite precincts. The Corsair would like to suggest that Mugger get himself a blog, as he will get far greater visibility in this manner than as a columnist for the moribund and irrelevant urlLink New York Press . And good luck on that invite to Michaels.

 David Brooks: Brother From Another Planet For a month now I have been reading David Brooks' urlLink Op Ed column for the New York Times , trying for the life of me to get his angle. Now, I belive I have. David is the urlLink Brother From Another Planet ... a Conservative soul brother, to be sure (hereafter The Corsair will call him Brooks Brother ), giving us the lowdown on his sometimes humerous encounters with those wacky liberals. It is not so much that David is an alien being to the eastern seaboard media-- he is not: he just writes in a manner that calls to attention his cultural differences with the Upper West Side of Manhattan, like in his December 6th letter to Tom deLay on the conditions of this third rock from the sun: "Dear Tom: "This week I read that you have abandoned plans to house Republicans safely on a cruise ship off the island of Manhattan during the G.O.P. convention in New York this summer. Have you paused to consider what this will mean? "It will mean that instead of spending time in a secure environment offshore, kind, decent Republicans will be wandering innocently among packs of inflamed New York liberals. They'll be subjected to long harangues that rely heavily on the words 'multilateral,' 'Kyoto' and 'John Ashcroft.' They'll get condescending looks when they go into a deli and order a strawberry and chocolate chip bagel with pineapple cream cheese ? a perfectly acceptable bagel option in most suburbs. They will na?vely pick up The Village Voice , thinking it contains small-town news. "When the Utah delegation pauses to say grace before dinner at Elaine's , the cultural dissonance will be so great it will be measurable on the Richter scale. "Tom, New York is not a place where Republicans can feel at home. New York has Central Park, which is a large pastoral area without a single putting green. It is a city with nearly eight million people, none of whom own riding mowers. " Very funny, Brooks Brother , but also an interesting expression via irony of the sociological differences between the Bush red states and the Gore blue states. Our man from the planet Conservative, in the Evangelica star system, goes further: "New Yorkers suffer from liberal anhedonia, which is the inability to derive pleasure from grossly oversized pieces of machinery. So when a Republican starts a perfectly normal conversation about the glories of his powerboat, snowmobile, combine or hemi, the liberal is likely to screech out something about the ozone layer. "New York is a city of strange rituals. The people live in these vertical gated communities they call apartment buildings, but they don't seem to have normal family structures. If a Martian landed in a Manhattan playground, he would conclude that human beings start out small and white, and grow up to become middle-aged Jamaican women. In Manhattan, when an oldest child turns 12, entire families disappear overnight." The Corsair likes the part about the Jamaican nannies, which is a deadly accurate spitoon, just dropped out of the side of the mouth as if it were an aside, rolled down the 92nd Street Y, and taking out a phalanx of pink-shirted NPR-listening yuppies like bowling pins. The Jamaican Nannies are a staple of the Upper West Side , like Balducci's, and PBS tote bags, and are just as appreciated. Also the idea that children going off to boarding schools at 12, which is fairly odd in other parts of the country, is also a keen Brooksian observation. The Corsair likes David Brooks' offbeat but culturally significant columns on the experience of an offworlder in Upper Manhattan.

 Hillary on Stephanopoulos?! Fresh from visiting war torn Afghanistan and Iraq , Senator Hillary Clinton visited hostile territory in the form of George Stephanopouols' failing ABC Sunday chat show. Sunday morning after the snowstorm: The Corsair is channel surfing and nearly pours his Kenyan blend coffee all over himself when he spies, on ABC, George Stephanopoulos interviewing Hillary Clinton on his show, with George Will sitting in for cross examining honors. What the fuck?! Is this the same George Stephanopoulos , who, in his Clinton years memoir urlLink All Too Human (All Too Ambitious), wrote luridly of The First Lady breaking down and crying during a Whitewater strategy session? Yes, it was. And is that the same George Will that used to snidely criticize the dignity of Bill Clinton ? Yes it was. Whatever your political background, you have to admit that Hillary -- a Scorpio , to be sure -- is racking up military cred not only on the Senate Armed Services Committee .

 Jack Valenti's Screening Room Ultra sleazy Washington lobbyist and MPAA head Jack Valenti took a bit of an ass whipping at the hands of Federal Judge Michael B. Mukasey in New York. Citing "unlawful restraint of trade," that the MPAA's "screener ban" would significantly harm independent films, Mukasey granted a preliminary injunction, effective immediately, urlLink blocking the policy . Falling back on the old chesnut that screeners are major sources of piracy, we won't entertain the possibility that old Jack is trying to protect the Oscar from deserving independent films, who have cleaned the clocks of the tired, formulaic old studios. No ... our Jack wouldn't do that. He's much too "ethical." In other news, urlLink Louisiana Congressman Billy Tauzin is slated to take over from urlLink Valenti soon . Why would a powerful Republican in the majority party want to become head of the embattled MPAA? A $1.03 million salary might be incentive. How about that sweet screening room at MPAA's Washington headquarters (perhaps third in coolness behind the White House screening room and Steven Spielberg's), then there are the orchestra seats at the Oscars, and first class travel to film festivals. Ah, the line between urlLink K Street and, er, uhm, urlLink K Street is blurred.

 Siegler Sued: Fuggedabouddit! Meadow pinched? Hey! Whatsamatta you? urlLink Media Life Magazine reports that Soprano's troublemaker and thwarted teen singing sensation Jamie-Lynn Sigler has stepped into the proverbial Pasta Fazool . "Sigler is facing a lawsuit from her talent agency for unpaid fees. According to Writers & Artists Group , the agency negotiated for Sigler to continue playing Meadow Soprano for the fifth and sixth seasons of the show and is therefore still owed a 10 percent commission. The agency is asking for at least $40,000 in damages." The Corsair thinks that Paulie Walnuts and Christopher Moltisanti should go talk to those pansy-assed "writers" and " artistes" and take care of "that thing" by making them an offer they can't refuse-- ninja style ! SAG cards ? I'm talkin about a 300-lb saggy goodfella with a louisville slugger.

 Graydon Carter: Civil Rights Leader Mahatma Gandhi . Martin Luther King . Nelson Mandela . Susan B. Anthony . Now, we have libertarian Graydon Carter to add to that pantheon of urlLink civil rights leaders . 'Cause my favorite gossip read, Page Six , said so: "Carter seemed surprised by his new persona as a civil-rights leader. 'I make the front page of the [International] Herald Tribune not for having written a great book or having painted a great picture or anything, but for having an ashtray in my office.'" As an occasional inbiber in tobacco products, The Corsair tips his pirate hat to Conde Nast's resident libertarian in tribute. Man-to-man, Graydon: Conde Nasties of the world, Flame on! But, alas, I blogged too soon. Page Six continues: "No longer. His spokeswoman said, 'There are no ashtrays.' And a source who works nearby told PAGE SIX: 'I haven't smelled smoke coming out of his office this week.' Sounds like surrender." Oh, say it aint so Graydon; say it aint so !

 MSNBC Layoffs The Drudge Report reports that urlLink MSNBC is giving out seasons beatings of a sort -- employees are finding that tis the season to be sorry: urlLink layoffs . What? Jesse Ventura's urlLink America -- the hungry man's Savage Nation -- is not garnering those premium sponsors? Sheesh . MSNBC, like Michael Jackson, has identity issues. It is not conservative or liberal and isn't aware that reruns of Matt Lauer's Headliners and Legends is not the way to rivet important demographics to the tube, unless the networkette thinks viewers are interested in watching his hairline recede; which, incidentally, we are not. How long before Microsoft realizes that this experiment in television has gone horribly awry and divests? The Corsair gives it nine months, all told.

 Rating David Brooks The time has come to grade the urlLink Satuday Op Ed of David Brooks , our favorite Brother from another planet. This week was a welcome surpise, compared to urlLink last week's boiler plate special that seemed to be a victim of deadline rather than good use for the most important sounding board in the Western world. Brooks serves us two scoops of yummy Beltway sorbet in the form of some of the content of the President's State of the Union Address. Brooks begins rather confidently: "Not long ago, a man who runs a construction company came to the White House to meet with a senior Bush administration official. He talked economic policy, then was asked how his business was going. "He said things were going well. Orders were up. He'd revamped his I.T. system, and he'd re-engineered his production process so he'd been able to reduce his work force to 7,200 from 9,800. "You can imagine the reaction as he dribbled out this final bit of good news." No, David Brooks , we, lowly and untethered to the inside beltway that is Washington DC , do not have the contact with the Administration that you do , but we can guess. Call us outsiders , David Brookie! Blindly and in vain, we can guess , O lord: out of the Divine Light of Karl Rove , flailing in the darkness of the GOP in the wilderness, we can only guess in error . To be sure, our guesses would not be anything near in approximating your divine knowledge of, say, the name of the construction company owner. You see, Brother Brooks is saying in his signature offhand way that someone in the administration told him that story and they probably did. Brookie is top drawer right now, he is urlLink The Republican at the New York Times . He is useful , especially in those swing states and in communicating with the East Coast Establishment. And in that mutually dependent urlLink cha-cha , carried out discretely across those blue states, the Administration slips David some scoop in his lapel; scoop in the form of SOTU (State of the Union, my little pomegranate) content: "In his State of the Union address, the President will announce measures to foster job creation. In the meantime, he is talking about what he calls the Ownership Society. "This is a bundle of proposals that treat workers as self-reliant pioneers who rise through several employers and careers. To thrive, these pioneers need survival tools. They need to own their own capital reserves, their own retraining programs, their own pensions and their own health insurance. "Administration officials are talking about giving unemployed workers personal re-employment accounts, which they could spend on training, child care, a car, a move to a place with more jobs, or whatever else they think would benefit them. "President Bush has a proposal to combine and simplify the confusing morass of government savings programs and give individuals greater control over how they want to spend their tax-sheltered savings. Administration officials hope, in a second term, to let individuals control part of their Social Security pensions and perhaps even their medical savings accounts." Pioneers ? "Give individuals greater control over how they want to spend their tax-sheltered savings"? Having "individuals control part of their Social Security pensions and perhaps even their medical savings accounts." Hmm . Interesting ( The Corsair rubs his chin in recognition of an interesting idea). I thought the President was going to rattle off a Moon program, urlLink reacting to the Chinese mission , unfocused, silly. Been there done that, was my reaction to Cheney's latest treat bag to the aero-space-defense industry. But this ... this. Hmmm . It smacks of vision . It smacks of policy wonkishness , of make the economy of prime importance . Yes ... yes. It is not the urlLink McGrocery list that Bill Clinton used to read at the urlLink SOTU , you know, the Fillet O' Fish, the Dunkin Doughnuts Kruller, the more charter schools, the Egg McMuffin, the tax credits for stay-at-home parents -- but you get the picture. The speech has not yet happened, so there is still time for the President to mess things up, but this is an interesting piece of news and David Brooks did a good job. So, up from last week's C-minus , we give Brookie and A.

 Entourage versus Entourage: P Diddy v Jesus As I noted yesterday, entourages have had a risorgimento in recent days. The Corsair would like to compare and contrast two of the more influential entourages in the past, oh, say, two millenia or so, namely: urlLink P Diddy's and urlLink Jesus Christ's . Violence? Both entourages have caused a ruckus at one time or another. urlLink P Diddy's entourage poked NY Times Boldface columnist Joyce Wadler in the ribs . That's pretty roughneck, but JC has P Diddy beat: urlLink Peter, one of the leaders of Christ's entourage, sliced off the ear of Roman soldier Malchus -- and JC healed him ! VIPs? JC has got P Diddy beat again. It goes without saying that P Diddy bestrides the earth on CP time, and is it well known that he basically unhooks any velvet rope that bars entry for him and his crew. He's old school like that. P Diddy is not seperated from any event in the world. The velvet rope is not an impediment to having his drink on, fa sure, nah mean ? That's cool: but JC is cooler. Pearly gates? No problem. urlLink JC can get his entourage into the most exclusive club of them all: heaven ! And, finally: Influence? Well, P Diddy's entourage is blazing with bling-bling, up and coming rappers, publicists and beefy former bouncers. But what about the future? What do these guys do after the gravy train dries up? Probably 3 to 5 in Sing Sing. ( Kidding. Can''t you guys take a joke about Jesus and P Diddy? Sheesh.) Anyhoo: The influence of JCs crew goes as far and wide as sub-saharan Africa, Central and South America and Western civilization, through the urlLink Early desert fathers , through the urlLink scholastic monks of the Medieval era, to the Roman Catholic Church, to the Protestants up to todays Evangelicals. So, The Corsair concludes that Jesus of Nazereth had a cooler entourage than the P, I double D. Respect. ( The Corsair hope no one took offense at this largely playful Christmastime comparison. In toher words, please P Diddy, don't hurt me!)

 Jennifer Aniston Has Best Celebrity Hair? Tis the season for vacations -- falalalala lalalala . As journalists far and wide take their holiday vacations to warner climes than the chilly Northeast corridor and the news stream becomes slim pickins indeed (remember urlLink last year around this time we were debating whether or not the Raelians had cloned a baby? ), some poll has asserted as news the shocking -- shocking! -- propaganda that Jennifer Anniston has urlLink the best celebrity hair . There is not much to say on that subject except that we disagree: urlLink Senator John Kerry has the best coif . Basta!

 Only Geeks Understand With today's high level announcement that The Pope has praised Mel Gibson's rendering of urlLink the last 24 hours in the life of Jesus Christ , the question arises: can only true blue fans-as-directors garner the highest excitement from the filmgoing public? There is precedent to this theory. The geek directed spectacular LOTR broke worldwide records for an opening on a Wednesday (Wednesdays!) pulling in $34.1 million in the US and $23.5 million in over a dozen other countries. Spiderman is a similar story: urlLink Spidergeek Sam Raimi hit a grand slam in his vision for the Marvel comic here. Sharon Waxman wrote in urlLink yesterday's NY Times : "In the United States, the film, a New Line Cinema release, broke the box-office record for an opening in December. The record holder for opening-day ticket sales remains "Spider-Man," which took in $39.4 million on May 3, 2002, according to Exhibitor Relations , a company that tracks box-office sales." In urlLink Wednesday's NY Times , David Edelstein wrote: "Wandering around ( The Loews Theater on 42nd Street), I saw people reading Tolkien . Miriam Kriss put down her book to explain that she was there in tribute to Peter Jackson , ' fan who understood.'Then she delivered a rather stunning tribute to the fan aesthetic: 'The problem with the last George Lucas Star Wars movies is that he's not a fan of his own work. You can't be if it's your work. But he doesn't understand anymore why we loved Star Wars . He just sits and stares at special effects on his computers. I'd rather see Star Wars movies by people who grew up with Star Wars . A fan would get it.'" A fan would get it? A fan who understood ? Yes, my little pomegranates, the urlLink AintItCoolNews gang are spending their hard earned milk dud-stained dollars on films , sending shockwaves through Timseltown. Take Harry Potter , urlLink for instance . By all accounts of fans, the film was faithful to the book, and, as a result, it got rave reviews as a sort of urlLink visual analog representation of the impression JK Rowling's tale left on the reader. The rave reviews translated into extreme urlLink box office (I always wanted to say that and sound like a Variety insider, forgive the pretention). So, will Hollywood turn the reigns of film over to the geeks? Will Hollywood -- the epitome of cool cachet -- become like Silicon Valley? Will the geek inherit the world ? Time will tell ...

 Michael Not Biological Father of His Kids? That significant cultural artifact and guilty pleasure The National Enquirer is reporting that the biological father of Jacko's kids may be urlLink an anonymous sperm donor . The article, which, with the tabloid, goes on sale today, but is teased online urlLink here goes on to say, "Jackson was also caught in a lie about his third child Prince Michael II , (the article) tells how his credibility could become a major issue in the child molestation case." In other Jackson news, Machiavellian lawyer Mark Gregaros , on urlLink Larry King last night, tried to quell the hullabaloo over Jacko's Nation of Islam "conversion," and whether or not urlLink Metternichian Johnny Cochran was going to replace him, saying: "The fact of the matter is -- you want to know where this originates from? It's the PR firm that the prosecution hired ... And what they did is, they played the race card. They're trying to inject Johnnie Cochran into this. They're trying to inject the Nation of Islam as some kind of a buzz word into this." But the only buzz word, or "buzz inducer" anyone is focusing on at 11:30 am Friday morning is what the hell is the "intoxicating agent" that Michael Jackson used. Multitudes of purveyors of hard beverages are hoping against hope to profit from the Grand Prize in the " urlLink Ford Bronco " and "ugly ass urlLink Bruno Magli Shoes" sweepstakes of Product Placement in Celebrity Crime Award. Better known as ' The Juicies ,' these awards are lucrative, but not as prestigious as, say, sitting next to urlLink Dominick Dunne , enthralled, as he gloms celebrity off our latest bad-celebrity-cocktail-chatter episode, like an engorged wood tick feasting on an unfortunate tabby cat . Greeat . Has Geraldo got his Michael Jackson urlLink theme song at the ready ? Such are the rituals of shadenfreude and democratic levelling in progress. Or maybe The Corsair is playa hating and moralizing with such high falutin terms because he isn't profiting from the Bonfire of Vanities ? Don't even entertain the thought. We report, you decide. Update: "MilkNCookies" writes, "In the words of Maury (Pauvich), Michael Jackson , "YOU ARE NOT THE FATHER!" Update: "NeedMoolah" writes, "Mike is a mess someone on another BB said they saw on the news that when Mike was being booked he said his eyes were chocolate: " Officer : Eye Color? Mike: Chocolate Officer: Chocolate? Mike: yes, chocolate Officer: That's not a color Mike: I said Chocolate Officer: I'm putting down brown"

 Governor Rowland Implodes Under The Weight of His Own Hot Air Shadenfreude is a bitch , let me tell you. And there is nothing worse that being urlLink hoisted by ones own petard in the media capitol of the world. I know this instinctively , as an occasional practitioner of that spooky art in this city. Well, sport sounds less pretentious than art, so let's call it that . Never in my life have I seen a sitting politician receiving so many bitchslaps, in such rapid succession, within, ostensibly, a season of holiday warmth towards humankind, as are being issued to urlLink Governor Rowland of Connecticut . Never (affects "outraged" tone). If this beating took place in the ring, Judge Mills Lane would throw in a skimpy white towel and send urlLink Governor Rowie's black-and-blue broken body, spent from the bitchslaps, to the showers . Pronto! It's over , Johnny. It's over to everyone but the Rowland's , which makes this little political shadenfreude particularly touching and cruel and fascinating in observation; it's like watching a couple of ants, slowly by slowly, reeling under the heat of a magnifying glass -- knowing what is going to happen next. Equally sizzling a proposition, Connecticut's Governor, a thick-headed man, by refusing to just resign that damn job in the face of rising public anger, is not doing himself a service. This stubborn man is getting a long, protracted vivisection from urlLink everyone in the media biz . A serious vivisection, my little pomegranates, to which his wife is, sadly, a party. Connecticut Governor John Rowland , and his wife, his "partner-in-crime" , so to speak , Patricia , are too good to be true and too sad to be true, simultaneously . There is a snarky blogger heaven where bloggers are 24/7 press access to the Rowland's, to trap the gaffes, like beetles in amber, ad infinitum; there is also a blogger hell , where the conscience of the blogger creeps up and asks the man -- can't you just leave them alone ? I can't. First off , Governor John Rowland is ethically challenged. Now, I don't know whether this is because ethics are invisible little creatures (darn tham!), but even by the standards of politicians, Rowland is creepily devoid of ethics, of an ethical universe , oh, why mince it: devoid of even a single negative imperative imprinted upon his psyche, those chestnuts that make us fit for civilization (puffs out chest, gets all "moralizing," while simultaneously projecting a jocular and macho sense of final judgement). For example, today's urlLink Times ties Rowland's "paving contractor" to his controversial partnership in a private deveolpment group (wink wink, he'll thake care of that thing for ya). What's up with that ? Since when do politicians engage in business ventures with ties to their precinct while still in office -- that's crazy talk: what was he doing, pulling a Mariah ? Rowland was absent with the sniffles in "political corruption" class on the day urlLink Ambassador Lauder taught everyone to make your scrilla after you leave office and have cemented your contacts, preferably in an emerging democracy, where the legal framework is dodgy at best . And then there is that whole country house angle with the Rowlands. Not that I am against summer houses, per se, if you go in for that sort of thing (averted gaze), even though the majority of Americans are summer homeless , Governor ass. Summer house issues, air-conditioned dog houses thingies, (sigh) these issues just don't work out with the electorate, even in an electorate as wealthy as there are in Connecticut. Be afraid, Rowland, be very very afraid. But of all the Christmastime fun surrounding this *dramedy* the Rowland's, produced, of course, by Asaad Kelada , was yesterday's press conference, where husband and First Lady, like Bonnie and Clyde, took on the press -- big mistake, baby pop -- urlLink in poetry -- a bigger fatter Greek mistake -- was a moment of great hysterical , and historical significance. And I do not mean to say that they urlLink quoted Edmund Spenser , or Rilke or even Dr. Suess , people. No , the Rowland's, well, Patricia, to be frank, with moral support from "her man," read a "witty" attack on the media in the form of urlLink Twas the Night Before Christmas . ( The Corsair cringes at the thought) The NY Times yesterday described the delivery as a "sing-song rebuke." It goes a little something like this: "Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house, not a creature was stirring, except me, the first spouse. "I was waiting for Santa, that jolly old elf, to give him the list I had drawn up myself. "For I had hung all the garland and tinseled the trees and festooned the house for the public to see. "I'd sent all the cards to our friends far and near, and thanked all our staff for their hard work this year. "I'd shopped and I wrapped all my gifts full of love for our five picky teens, the black Lab and the guv. "I kept quiet and calm through December's dark storm, protecting my family from those who wish harm. (Corsair cringes again) "So now it was my turn to get Santa's ear, to tell him what I wanted for Christmas this year. "When out on my yard there arose such a hubbub, I thought maybe [Hartford Courant reporter] Jon Lender had jumped in the hot tub." --You see where this is going? No? I must continue? Very well: "Now surely that man needs to go soak his head, but there on the lawn stood Santa instead. "'Come in, dear Santa, and rest for a while. I've got cookies and milk,' I said with a smile. "'I am late,' said Santa. 'My last stop took hours, all that coal I delivered down The Courant's tall towers. "'They used to be good girls and boys,' Santa said. 'But the poison pen's power has gone to their head. "'And I have the same problem at the media stations; they've just simply forgotten good human relations. "'Their thirst and hunger for the day's biggest story has earned them black coal for their ill-gotten glory.' "'Oh Santa,' I said, 'that is sad, I agree. They've acted like Grinches who have stolen our tree.' "'They whipped themselves into a mad feeding frenzy. They've embarrassed our children and our Mama McKenzie [Jo McKenzie, a longtime aide]." Here is how Alison Leigh Cowan and Marc Santora of the Times described the event: "After the poem's tone became clear and the audience gasped, she glanced at the governor to assess his reaction. 'Go for it, hon,' he said. 'What can they do to us?' "'They can't make it worse,' she replied, and continued reading." The media can;t make it worse, honey? I just did. And, as I write this, many media organizations in the tri state area are doing worse ... much worse. But enough, even I have had enough of this shadenfreude; it's just too sad. Resign, Governor Rowland, resign .

 I Love Trio Regular readers of this blog know that The Corsair loves urlLink Trio Tv , the most revolutionary experiment in television is, well, in a good while. Trio is grown up snark , an eclectic mixture of insider irony at the pop culture, along with a good measure of historically significant programming thrown in for good measure. Both Trio and this Corsair blog are young and share a similar purpose of snark and the good stuff (okay, Corsair has officially lapsed into delusions of grandeur ). This is one of the reasons why their urlLink influence on the Golden Globe nominations is so urlLink interesting . Invirtually all of the accounts on the nominees, there is a urlLink Trioesque skepticism about the importance of the Golden Globe Awards. And that infusion of skepticism wasn't there before, thanks to urlLink Trio's documentary , The Golden Globes: Hollywood's Dirty Little Secret . urlLink Trio , like Bill Murray , for lack of a better word, rocks.

 Older Women are the New Black Or, More to the Point, Diane Keaton is the new Jill Claybergh The urlLink Jill Clayburgh Effect is back in, well, effect. Older women are romping around the national landscape like college girls backstage at a Stones concert. But in the case of Diane Keaton's meteoric rise to sex symbol from author of a book on bad Clown art is the most surprising. She's got "it" says the urlLink Sun Herald . She's portrayed as "passionate" and "desirable" says the urlLink NY Times . urlLink The Washington Post goes so far as to call her a "babe." And she is in a manner of speaking. Her rise comes at the tailend of a year where Tinseltown said: it's okay for older women to be considered sex symbols. Look at Demi Moore and urlLink Ashton Kutcher , for one example, and even, the not old Cameron Diaz , 31, who is dating Justin Timberlake , who is urlLink 23 . Then, of course, there is the urlLink 12 year age difference between 50 Cent and Vivica Fox . Hey, it's all good. From urlLink older women-younger men it was a short hop skip and jump to older woman as sex object , when you think about it.

 Hairspray Loans Presidential Campaign 850 K This morning The Old Gray Lady reports that Presidential hopeful (don't you hate that word?) Democrat Senator John Kerry has loaned his embattled (don't you hate that word too?) campaign $850,000. Kerry is hoping to become the urlLink ABD (Anyone but Dean) candidate of the Democratic Party Establishment. NY Times reporters Katherine Q. Seelye and Robin Toner write in urlLink Some Democrats Uneasy About Dean as Nominee today: "'We don't want a wimp in this part of the country,' said Representative Marcy Kaptur , Democrat of Ohio. 'Everything I've read that Dean has said about Saddam seems to be right on point. Our people have struggled to make a living and they want a fighter. They don't want some kind of Hollywood production with hair spray.'" And speaking of politics and hair spray, the follicle- y curious can read my interview with the Senator's hair urlLink here .

 Ubiquitous Entourages The New York Times reporter Susan Saulny today informs us that the Tiger Man who lived with his predator, Ming , urlLink now has an entourage . Yesterday, P Diddy's entourage -- including the one jerk who elbowed Joyce Wadler , the Boldface Columnist in the ribs -- made a "moat" around their master as he made a "personal cell phone call." Today, in Page Six , Charlize Theron's urlLink entourage got into trouble . The Sixers write: "Theron was caught in the middle of an ugly brawl between Brazilian paparazzo Laura Giannoni and a mystery man in Theron's entourage at the Viscaya lounge after the 'Monster' screening nearby. " And, to top things off, Theron's former urlLink Italian Job co-star, Marky Mark, is Executive producing an HBO flic called -- guess what? urlLink Entourage . This is brave of Wahlberg, as it said that his own urlLink contretemps with a member of his entourage involved Wahlberg, who compared his urlLink Planet of the Apes costar Helena Bonham Carter -- in monkey makep -- to urlLink Janet Jackson -- offering the black bodyguard a role in the film. Anyhoo: Entourages are the new black. There a must get, they show that people want to be around you, fodder over you, protect you. You don't have to say it's all about me when you have an entourage around you -- it is simply taken for granted. An entourage implies money -- how else would one be able to keep beefy bodyguards in the Cristal and swordfish, clothe, bejewel and perfume a handful of models, pay the cellphone bills of a gaggle of publicists and "guys from around the way"? The ultimate in entourage chic, again demonstrated by Theron, is the fact that one's entourage grows, evolves , as the night progresses, into an unwieldy mass. You meet people right? People change , as "social philosopher" urlLink Ritchie Rich once said, so why can't one's entourage reflect the social evolution that a hipster makes during the course of one evening? Theron, that hipster, probably doesn't even know who was in the entourage that evening, the urlLink Page Sixers continue: "Giannoni filed a police report at the 13th Precinct. 'They took pictures of my face, but I can't press charges against the guy because I don't know who he is . . . I am distressed, depressed and tired.'" Forget the me generation , my little pomegranates, where's the cachet in that? It's the entourage generation, baby, who loves you? (Points to entourage) they do.

 Joyce Wadler Gets Elbowed In The Breadbasket! Imagine our surprise when we read in the Metro section of the New York Times that their Boldface Names Columnist urlLink Joyce Wadler took an elbow to the ribs as a parting gift from P Diddy's bodyguards! Ooof! Or at least this is what hapless readers ( Corsair included) were led to believe. Let's run through the evidence like Diddy in the city: The column begins with Tuesday's opening of the Marquee , the 'ultralounge.' Wadler runs into Fisher Stevens , AKA the ex-Mr. urlLink Michelle Pfeifer , who says he is "shy." His best bud Matt Dillon , rides shotgun and is, as usual, urlLink negotiating with a beautiful blonde , unable to close the deal. So far so good, everything is as it has been since the beginning of time; Joyce is okay. Then she meets Chelsea Clinton and Ian Klaus . They cannot do an interview but are polite about it, all told. So far, so good. Then ( urlLink El Greco lighting , dramatic urlLink Buxthehude organ music ) things go wrong .. horribly wrong: P Diddy is in the building. Joyce writes: "Mr. Diddy did not converse. He stopped just long enough to do the ritual 'what's up?' handshake to the chosen few: open-thumb grip, slight bow of the head, grave expression. "Then Mr. Diddy and the guard recreated into the chilly entrance hall where Mr. Diddy's men formed a moat around him while he made 'a private cellphone call.' "'You can have two questions,' Mr. Diddy told us, after he had hung up. "Weasked him to describe for us his perfect environment." "'I'm not answering that,' he said, waving us off." "A little later, when Mr. Diddy was leaning on the DJ booth where Q-Tip was spinning, we asked one of the bodyguards who was standing in front of him if we could ask another question. "'He doesn't want to talk to you, he already told you that,' the guard said. Then he elbowed us in the ribs, ultrahard ." Say what ?! I am not kidding, this is the verbatim report from Joyce Wadler . Is she okay ? Is this a joke of some kind? Should I arrange a convocation of bloggers to address the issue? Are we to inquire as to the state of her health? I really hope that those bodyguards did not lay a hand on our collegue Wadler . 'Cause we're drinking milk !

 Will Someone Give Bill Murray An Oscar Already? The following article is reposted from November 13th. If you have already read it, sorry, please scroll down. I felt the need to redo it because his urlLink Golden Globe nomination inches him thismuchcloser to urlLink the Big O : urlLink Oscar is fickle about comedians. Oscar eludes those who seek him by inducing soft chuckles. That having been said, will someone give the Oscar to Bill Murray already? urlLink His performance in Sofia Coppola's urlLink Lost In Translation was brilliantly subtle and nuanced. In fact, it was all nuance: an anti-performance . Imagine a Best Oscar going to an underplayed performance. Denzel Washington's dirty cop was the most powerful and full-on performance in recent years. Adrien Brody was a surprise, but in a sense it was the most fully articulated performance among the nominees last year. It would be wonderful to have Bill Murray's declining Hollywood actor in a foreign land urlLink shilling whiskey to win it this time around. Murray has been snubbed by Oscar. He has never been nominated and that is a crime. Murray was endearing and complex in urlLink Rushmore , but again that was a comedy, so he was hurt at the outset. Murray was a rich personality in urlLink The Razor's Edge . And Murray was overlooked as the dry, intellectually clueless psychiatrist in urlLink The Mighty Tennenbaum's , another comedy, so Oscar ignored. My favorite Bill Murray flic is urlLink Meatballs , which is also the first film I ever saw so there is nothing intellectual about my love of it. To me, Bill Murray is the coolest man on the planet earth. So give him an Oscar already.

 Paris Hilton: Homewrecker! urlLink The National Enquirer reports that Paris Hilton , while taping her reality show The Simple Life , wrecked the relationship of two high school sweethearts in Altus, AK , and then got the hell out of town quicker than a wayward preacher faced with a shotgun wedding ! Caroline Cains --the earth angel-- told the Enquirer : "Thanks to Paris, the future Trae (Lindley) and I were building was ripped apart within a matter of days ... As lovers, Trae and I are back to square one." Caroline Cains and Trey Lindley were Mr. and Miss Ozark High in the 2003 yearbooks, but apparently, Trey thought being Paris' Arkansas fling was a more prestigious title. Or, at least cooler for a high school kid when in the locker room with the guys. Men. Trae spoke out in the same interview: "There's a chance Caroline and I can mend our relationship, but it's going to take a lot of work. Caroline just doesn't trust me anymore." Noo : really? Ah, young naive love. Why can't the Real World be as exciting as this? Come to think of it, when was the last time that TRW was even exciting? A source told urlLink The Enquirer : "(Paris) admitted to at least one person in Altus that 'The Simple Life' producers encouraged her to find a romantic counterpart because they thought it would make for 'good TV.' "It wasn't very difficult for her to find a fall guy, because Paris was the first celebrity most of the townspeople had ever met. And she used that star power to cast a spell on Trae." The story goes on ( Corsair munches popcorn distractedly, leans in to computer screen) ...: "'Paris met Trae at the Altus bait shop where she and Nicole were working, and Trae was smitten. "'Then Paris ran into him a few nights later when she and Nicole were carousing, hanging out with some neighborhood kids at a local gas station. "'Trae is a handsome guy, so when Paris saw him again she made it pretty clear she wanted to hook up. And as the evening progressed, she continued to pursue him. "'As soon as Paris learned about Caroline through one of Trae's friends, she giggled and said, He has a fiancee? Well, we'll see about that! "'She started rubbing against Trae, batting her baby blues, and flipping her hair. "'By the end of the evening, Trae had forgotten all about his fiancee and had become Paris' toyboy ? whatever Paris wanted to do with him, he was game. It was really sad to watch Paris take a couple who were so madly in love and destroy them without a care in the world." Bait shop. Gas station. Leg rubbing. Hooking up. This story has it all: the heartland, an uptown girl, reality tv, and romantic betrayal (Corsair claps). You've got to urlLink read it to believe it . Oh good job, guys; inquiring minds are satisfied. Now, if only we could fit a Golum into the story.

 Mary Pinkett, RIP urlLink Mary Pinkett , the first black woman elected to the City Council, died on December 4th. That reminds me of a political me I had almost forgotten, buried under the snarky writer me, and, of course, a woman I will urlLink always miss . In the winter of 1989, at the age of 17, I interned at Councilwoman urlLink Mary Pinkett's office in the 35th District of Brooklyn. This was before going off to college in Vermont and falling in love with the idea of writing for a living. Her office a small but warm affair in Fort Greene, above a pizza place(which made it hard to work as lunchtime approached). Thge office was presided over by her loyal aide, Mary King , while the Councilwoman was at City Hall, fighting the good fight. There I learned some of the most important lessons in my life, lessons that go beyond politics. On my first day I remember that I wore my father's Saville Row suit, which was a good thing, as any man who has ever worked for Mary will tell you. Councilwoman Pinkett loved to have the men around her well-dressed. Within ten minutes of knowing her, my suit recommended itself well enough that she decided to take me on a campaign pit stop. As we jumped into her town car, she began to pry me for personal information , lingering on the fact that I was born in Africa. But what was up? And so, there I was, about twenty minutes into my new job, at a Senior Center in Fort Greene , Brooklyn listening to Councilwoman Pinkett campaign. At the end of her speech, the Councilwoman told the elderly African American audience that a "young, African legislative aide" was in the audience, and that a "vote for her was a vote to bring young bright voices onto the New York scene." And so I received my first lesson in politics. As I spent the next half an hour talking about Africa to the clearly interested seniors, most of whom fought the Civil Rights struggles in the 60s but had never been to the Dark Continent, my initial shock lessened. Politics was about using the materials at hand to ones advantage; you had to be on your toes to be in the presence of Mary Pinkett. Was everyone in politics like this? How naive I was even for 17! Several months later Councilwoman Pinkett invited me to the annual St. Patrick's Day celebration at City Hall . I wore something green -- a tie, I think, purely by chance, but I believe to this day that that got me the invite from the Councilwoman. So there I was, a black 17 year old, at the Councilwoman's side, at City Hall with Ed Koch, the New York press and other Irish American dignitaries. Suddenly I feel all the attention in the room focus in on me. urlLink The Lord Mayor of Dublin , Ireland, either interested in my tie or in the fact that I was the only young black man in the room, was standing next to me and the councilwoman, solicitous. And just like that, voila : flashbulbs started clicking. I imply here that the urlLink Lord Mayor's motives were political because he seemed more interested in my tie and how I liked the Irish coffee -- me, a 17 year old kid -- than talking to the Councilwoman, at my side, smiling into the cameras, unconcerned. How does on talk and act when the cameras are chasing you? The Councilwoman did well, and, in the process, promoted legislation for the city to stop doing business with Myanmar (Burma),Chaired the Civil Service and Labor Committees, and promoted legislation to protect whistleblowers and the elderly on the Commission for the Aged. Those were the days of giants. Ed Koch's administration was coming undone, crumbling really, after years in power from within by corruption charges. The way was being set for David Dinkin s, who would eventually become the City's first African-American mayor, a one termer. Liz Holtzman , now a name largely forgotten, was battling to increase her budget before the now defunct Board of Elections , while I took voluminous notes in my High school notebook, for the Councilwoman. The incredibly ambitious Susan Molinari , was young, the only Republican in the Council, she was on the fasttrack to her father's Congressional seat, and a hot career in Congress before leaving to start a family and anchor an ill-fated CBS news show for children. Looking back at the drama of New York City politics, I cannot believe that I almost forgot those days altogether. But even among giants, Mary Pinkett stood tall. Mary Pinkett , the first black woman elected to the City Council, died November 4th at New York-Presbyterian Hospital Columbia Medical Center. She was 72. May she rest in peace.

 Whatever Happened To Tommy Mottola? Today as I was getting a small packet of french fries at McDonald's , who should I see in uniform: yes, it was urlLink Tommy Mottola , former husband to Mariah Carey and fallen from grace record executive! Imagine my surprise! Not one to engage in shadenfreude , The Corsair avoided eye contact so as not to make Tommy feel as uncomfortable as urlLink Courtney Love at an AA Meeting, I just handed him the money and he gave me the change and I left the joint thinking: Fame ... aint it a bitch ?

 McGruder Gets Booed At The Nation Believe it or not, my little pomegranates, The Corsair once worked as an intern at urlLink The Nation on a weekly stipend provided by none other than Barbara Streisand . Trust me, though, there is nothing glamourous about the long hours, intense factchecking under strict deadlines and that tiny "Babs" stipend, although there was that unforgettable boozy lunch with Christopher Hitchens , where roughly twice as much was spent on drinks than on food, in which The Corsair stumbled through the streets of NY, weaving in and out of traffic, barely escaping the clutches of death in the form of a delivery truck several times in the process of getting home. Ah, The Nation : the memories! The hangovers! So I wasn't surprised to hear that mildly funny cartoonist Aaron McGruder , writer for urlLink "The Boondocks" was booed at the 138th anniversary Nation dinner attended by Uma Thurman and John Waters , among others. The Nation magazine projects high seriousness into the sphere of politics, but the atmosphere within is playful and as light as Publisher Victor Navasky's love of boxing. urlLink McGruder is a hostile, but urlLink hostility is not a crime , although it is a social misdemeanor in the world of cartoons . Chances are that when one's eyeballs come to rest on the comic section of the paper, said person is probably looking for a laugh , and not an attack on National Security Advisor urlLink Condi Rice's sexuality . Just a thought. And one more thing: if you are getting booed at left institutions like The Nation and attacked by the right at urlLink Free Republic ... uhm, that's not good . Unless, of course, he wants to be hated by all sides ... which, uhm, is not good. So: Along with the robust multivitamin for Time Magazine's Joel Stein , The Corsair offers McGruder some urlLink Prozac.

 McSweeney's Open Letters Although The Corsair lives in the right part of Brooklyn, he isn't allowed to play reindeer games with those hip folks at urlLink McSweeney's . Yet . But I'm drinking milk ... Anyway : The McSweeneyites have a new feature in which they allow people to write open letters to "people or entities who are unlikely to respond." Mine would begin something along the lines of: "Dear Naomi Campbell : "Although urlLink I am not a dangerous multimillionaire Chechnyan rebel , I harbor terrorist longings in my heart, for I believe that you are tha bomb! " Something along those lines. The McSweeneyites put more thought into it, though, as Anna McKerrow of the UK shows us in her open letter to Yuppie Mummies (Yummies), which begins: "Dear Yummies, Upon the groves and the park walks of the city, the greener pastures, you trundle lightly with your streamlined and turbocharged buggies. You talk languorously on your video-mobiles to other yuppie mummies, clad exclusively in Dolce & Gabbana loungewear. You do not have infant-sick on your jeans or bags under your eyes. You are pristinely gorgeous and rich. "Yuppie mummies, you drive your small, precocious offspring to Montessori schools in Land Rovers totally inappropriate for London roads before heading off to the gym for a few light stretches. You have a health-conscious overpriced lunch in a designer caf. You arrive home just in time to berate the housekeeper for misdemeanours real or imagined. "I wish I had your lifestyle, Yummies, but I think I would still feel the emptiness. With the necessity to work removed, does the light shine harder through the mesh of your everyday existence? Is it harder to fill the days? Your children are the joy of your life, but is their presence at a removed distance dimmer, more hazy, as satellites to the (regained) body beautiful?" You get the picture. The Corsair especially likes the open letters to urlLink centripetal force , urlLink alcohol and urlLink Louis XIV .

 Diary of a Mad Senior Stuyvesant High School is a school for highly intelligent public school students in New York City. Their online newspaper is The Spectator , and it contains a sort of teen rant column -- kind of like a blog, but with better grammar -- called urlLink Diary of A Mad Senior . It's better than the OC , people; it's on like Grey Poupon ! It's a hoot . Do you remember high school? The angst, the cosmic sense of self importance, the bad poetry, the unrequieted love -- what ? You don't ? That's just me , you say? What ever . Anyhoo : The Mad Senior in question, one Shannon Blaney -- probably a fine young woman with a bright future -- gives us a dose of High School when she writes: "So you can imagine how happy I was to have a best friend who reciprocated my feelings. Then in sophomore year, a minor tragedy took place. My best friend moved at the very end of the yearall the way to Mexico City. I was devastated and felt quite selfish. What, I wondered, would I do next year? Who will be my friend?" A group hug for everyone who went through High School angst. We've come a long way, baby.

 Governor Pataki Knows Way too much about LOTR Everyman New York Governor George Pataki , Our Hungarian hero, Our fearless leader ... knows more about Lord of the Rings than I am comfortable with as his constituent. Way more. How much more? Let the Governor tell us in his own words: who do you love ? "The one I love is Samwise Gamgee [played by Sean Astin ]," Pataki told urlLink Rush and Molloy . "Gamgee's the understated guy, the gardener that nobody ever expects to amount to anything, who every step of the way provides the moral courage and strength that allows Frodo's mission to be successful. He's a great figure in literature." ( The Corsair whistles to try to cover up the uncomfortable silence. Then he shuffles pebbles with his feet. That doesn't work either. Then he just moves on to another blog without further comment.)

 Bruce Wasserman To Wed New York Magazine The New York Times is reporting that Bruce Wasserman is urlLink set to marry the beautiful but financially distressed New York Magazine . The "wedding" would cost the veteran Wall Street financier $55 million, for the rare honor and privilege of earning a profit of between $1 and $2 million on revenues of $40 million. Say what ?! New York is a vanity publication, urlLink a trophy wife, to be sure . She looks pretty and makes you, by intimate connection, look swell too. Plus she gets you in circulation with the right types of people. La donna e mobile. urlLink Wasserman is moving up in the world. He founded, then sold Wasserstein Perella , an investment bank, and is currently chairman of Lazard Freres . Wasserman has dated less prestigious trophy publications such as American Lawyer and the Deal , but his coming nuptuals to New York ensure a proper place in New York Media Society.

 Playahating: Joel Stein We are going to try to hold back that urlLink green eyed monster , but it won't be easy. Joel Stein ... grrr ... the mildly witty Time Magazine humorist ... grrr ... who is in need of a robust multivitamin (oh, that felt so much better) scored a sitcom pilot deal with Warner Brothers . (Corsair passes out from playa hating) At some point tonight, The Corsair will have too many Cutty Sarks and yell at anyone within listening range that it is he who should have landed the sitcom deal. Deborah Schoeneman writes in urlLink New York Magazine's Intelligencer : "Time humorist Joel Stein did go to Burning Man with (Walter) Isaacson , and we only mildly hate him for it ... Warner Bros. Television recently purchased a sitcom pilot from Stein, about 'a young guy without much journalism experience who gets hired by a really serious newsmagazine' (who could that possibly be?), and sold it to ABC."

 Happy At Last? Mary J Blige Gets Married Melancholy R & B crooner Mary J Blige urlLink jumped the proverbial broom at her home in Bergen County, N.J. Dec. 7, with non A-list guests in attendance. What can we say: Mary likes to keep it real. And we like Mary. Of course, it is impossible to gloss over the existential side to Blige. urlLink BET writes : "Years ago, when Mary J sang 'all I really want is to be happy' and pleaded for 'no more drama,' women everywhere sang and cried along with her. We could relate to the desire to free ourselves of the baggage we lug through life." There is something Paris in Autumn about Mary J Blige's music and drowsy-eyed world weary persona. And who can forget the time urlLink she almost punched supermodel Veronica Webb out during an interview for Interview Magazine after Webb-- Spike Lee's former mistress -- continued to ask her insulting questions about allegedly taking etiquitte lessons to offset her ghetto mannerisms. The Corsair wishes congratulations and hopes that this is the beginning of happier times for Blige, who deserves a few smiles.

 What Altus, AK Thinks of Paris and Nicole The intrepid crowd at the urlLink Star went back to Altus, Arkansas to find out what the town thought about Paris Hilton and Nicole Ritchie . "Paris and Nicole worked for me for one day. After that they'd visit every night to meet guys. They were sweet and kind -- but a little dingy," said Bill "Buffalo" Leding . Local Dairy famer Danny Council had a different take. "I told them they should get a card that reads 'hired to be fired,' he told the Star.' I couldn't get them to get up and do anything after one hour's work. Out of the two girls -- if you had to make one your daughter -- it would be Nicole. She has a heart. But Paris just thinks the world revolves around her.'" Noooooooo ..... you don't say?

 LOTR: The Unbearable Whiteness of Being Frodo Can we get a Cablasian Wizard, please? Are there any Eskimo orcs in central casting, come on work with me people ! The Corsair is tired of all the hyperbole launched in the direction of LOTR . Really tired. The whole LOTR madness came along at a time when, after 9-11, the world wanted a clear cut battle between good and evil a la Harry Potter and Star Wars . Fine: I can understand the cathartic need for moral clarity. And not to make it into a race thing (hunker down, my little pomegranates , you can see where I'm going with this, can't you?), but couldn't you have, like on latino elf? Or a black hobbit? Would that interfere with the integrity of the film? This has got to be the whitest trilogy in the history of film. What's up with that ? I mean, this is middle earth we are talking about here, not Woody Allen's Upper East Side. And on earth there are many races. Okay, that's the end of my race rant. MSNBC's Larry Terenzi offers the urlLink only negative review of LOTR you are likely to read other than my self serving race rant.. Update: " Lloyd Dobler " writes: "Gollum is a straight up brotha! Albeit a weird one."

 Ingmar and Ingrid's Movie Magic "The idea of working with Ingrid Bergman was an old desire, but that did not initiate the story. The last time I had seen her was at the Cannes Film Festival at the screening of Cries and Whispers (ed note: 1974). She had snuck a letter into my pocket, in which she reminded me of my promise that would make a film together. Once long ago we had planned to adapt Hjalmar Bergman's novel The Boss, Mrs. Ingeborg to film. "...I wrote the screenplay for Autumn Sonata in a few weeks in order to have something up my sleeve in case The Serpent's Egg flopped with a somersault. My decision was final: I would never again work in Sweden. "That is the reason I made the strange decision to shoot Autumn Sonanta in Norway. As it turned out, I felt perfectly content to work in the primitive studios on the outskirts of Oslo. Built in 1913 or 1914, the buildings have been left just as they were. Of course, when the wind blew in certain directions, the air traffic passed right overhead, but otherwise it was old fashioned and cozy. Everything we needed was available there, even though the space was dilapidated and had not been kept up. The crew members were friendly but a bit amateurish. "The actual filming was draining. I did not have what one would call difficulties in my working relationship with Ingrid Bergman. Rather, it was a kind of language barrier, but in a profound sense. Starting on the first day when we all read the script together in the rehearsal studio, I discovered that she had rehearsed her entire part in front of the mirror, complete with intonations and self-conscious gestures. It was clear that she had a different approach to her profession than the rest of us. She was still living in the 1940s. "I believe that she possessed some sort of inspired system of working, albeit a strange one. In spite of her mechanisms for receiving director's cues not being placed where one expected to find them -- and where they ought to be -- she still must have been somehow receptive to suggestions from two or three of her former directors. After all, she had done excellent work in several American films. "In Hitchcock's films, for instance, she is always magnificent. She detested the man. I believe that with her he never hesitated to be disrespectful and arrogant, which evidently was precisely the best method to make her listen. "I discovered early into our rehearsals that to be understanding and to offer a sympathetic ear did not work. In her case I was forced to use tactics that I normally rejected, the first and foremost being aggression. "Once she told me: 'If you don't tell me how I should do this scene, I'll slap you.' I rather liked that." From Images: My Life in Film , by Ingmar Bergman .

 The Breakfast Club Saturday, March 24, 1984 Shermer High School, Shermer, Il Dear Mr. Vernon , We accept the fact that we had to sacrifice a whole Saturday in detention for whatever it was we did wrong -- and what we did was wrong -- but we think you're crazy to make us write an essay telling you who we think we are. What do you care? You see us as you want to see us: in the simplest terms and the most convenient definitions. You see us as a brain , an athelete , a basketcase , a princess and a criminal . Correct? That's the way we saw each other at 7 o'clock this morning. "We were brainwashed."

 Lauryn Hill Attacks Vatican Delectable former urlLink Fugee Lauryn Hill , the urlLink demure little songbird that inspired a million crushes (The Corsair scribler's heart included), made a somewhat strange, but not totally off-the-mark criticism of Vatican child sex abuse policy at a benefit for that organization where she herself was urlLink scheduled to perform . A few Italian newspapers yesterday ran translations of Hill's English statement. She is quoted as saying there is "no acceptable explanation for defending the church." "I realize some of you may be offended by what I'm saying, but what do you say to the families who were betrayed by the people in whom they believed?" La Republica newspaper, quoted Hill. Those quotes would not sound so odd if urlLink the fog surrounding urlLink Lauryn Hill's own strange religion weren't so thick. Thicker than a Haitian Lambi en Sauce , toujours la? Towering cumulous clouds surround the petite former Fugee in the form of her very own religious guru, urlLink Brother Anthony , who is regarded by many in the music press and urlLink hip hop community as a dangerous svengali who has salted the songbirds tail. The Corsair tends to have a problem with religious gurus named "Brother Anthony" that keep their charges in isolation ... it just doesn't sound kosher ; it sounds voodoo . It also sounds a bit pimpy as Lauryn has several dozen million dollars. Lauryn's got a cult-like attatchment to Brother Anthony that kind of reminds me of Tootie Ramsey's intense passion for Jermaine Jackson in the "very special" Facts of Life episode Star Struck, where Edna Garrett gave urlLink an incoherent speech about how girls go crazy over musicians . I never did get the meaning of that episode ... Anyhoo : about Brother Anthony: "I don't speak about him publicly," Hill told MTV Online , "because he is a good friend of mine. He's not an ambitious person. He just shares, and people want truth. I believe God will make a way and he is going to identify [the man] ... I saw somebody living what he was saying. It wasn't a bunch of jargon. His life was a living testimony of faith and of passion and systematic rebellion ..." In Toure's infamous -- smouldering, really --2003 Rolling Stone expose of Hill, he wrote: "In 2000, Hill became close with Brother Anthony , a shadowy spiritual adviser, then abruptly fired her management team and the people around her. In 2001, she recorded her MTV Unplugged 2.0. Few bought the album, but many talked about how she could be heard on the record breaking down in tears and saying, 'I'm crazy and deranged. . . . I'm emotionally unstable,' and repeatedly rejecting celebrity and the illusions that make it possible. 'I used to get dressed for y'all; I don't do that anymore,' she said on the album. 'I used to be a performer, and I really don't consider myself a performer anymore. . . . I had created this public persona, this public illusion, and it held me hostage. I couldn't be a real person, because you're too afraid of what your public will say. At that point, I had to do some dying.'" It continues (Corsair is munching on pocorn, eyes stuck on the screen): "'Brother Anthony was definitely on some other shit,' Pras says. 'I had a tape of [his teachings]. That shit is ill. Fucked me up. I can't really explain it. It was some weird shit, man. It was some real cult shit. When I heard the tape, I couldn't believe that this dude was really serious. He was sayin', 'Give up all your money.' I don't know if that meant 'Give it to me' or whatever, but on the tape he said, 'Money doesn't mean anything.' " Seth Fenn has urlLink responded to the RS article . Ms. Hills production coordinator, Fenn's job, "which included everything from organizing auditions, handling logistics, and managing studio inventory. I also helped her design her own personal studio and occasionally would even watch her kids." On Brother Anthony , Fenn writes: "A lot was made of the Brother Anthony bible studies and the brainwashing effect on Ms. Hill. Aside from the inaccuracy of the suggested 3-times-a-week lessons (it was my job to drive Brother Anthony from the airport and I did this once a week), were talking bible study here! Thats it! Since when is it a bad thing, or a crazy thing to want to explore the teachings of God?! Ms. Hill is her own woman and does what she wants to do. She was not brainwashed into anything!" Okay, fellow Raelian! But seriously, its not the once a week bible sessions that bother The Corsair so much, it's that whole MTV Unplugged 2.0 album with "only three chords being played on every song;" it's that whole breaking off from old friends; it's that whole Columbia has cut off her recording budget; it's that whole "quoting Scripture, fanatically religious" -- knowwhatImean? Please come back to earth Laurence Hill (oh, that Sir Paul McCartney , what a pip!), we miss you.

 Eminem Rescues Suicidal Ex-Wifey Significant cultural artifact urlLink Star Magazine reports that Eminem "rescued" his troubled (read: insane in the membrane) ex-wife and lyrical muse Kim Mathers . Livin la Vida Loca with America's favorite "dramedy" The Mathers Family. (produced by Assad Kelada , of course, laugh track optional) Let me try and untangle this twistedness for you, my little pomegranates. In the pilot episode, follow me as Kim Mathers disappears for two weeks in November, missing court appearances for drug charges in Michigan. But Kimmy not only vanishes without a trace, she cuts off the ankle tether issued under court-ordered house arrest ( The Corsair rolls his eyes and says nothing). Oh no, she didn't! (roll laugh track) What will that wacky chick do next? Star reporter Bob Hartlein reports in the latest issue that Eminem's uncle, Todd Nelson , told him, "I heard she had planned to kill herself down in Cancun, a place she's always loved, and where she wanted to die." Thanks for sharing , Uncle Todd. Nelson , the source for the story, told Star, "Eminem persuaded Kim to turn herself in and posted her $50,000 bail. He also claims Kim is upset about having to receive in-house drug treatment in January, noting, 'She's threatening suicide again.'" Nothing says loving like a court-ordered ankle tether ... A family under house arrest stays together ... Uncles who tell family tales to tabloids ... Well, you get the idea.

 Strom Thurmond's Jungle Fever! He Says She's Just a Friend "She cant love me, I cant love her Cause they say were the wrong color Staring, gloating, laughing, looking Like weve done something wrong Because we show love strong, get real, come on Calling us names too bad to mention But we pay them no attention For color blind are inner feelings" Stevie Wonder , Jungle Fever Former "States Rights" Democratic Presidential candidate, whose current gig involves fertilizing magnolias, urlLink -- none oter than: Strom Thurmond schools us on racial issues from beyond the grave . It appears that Strom Thurmond had jungle fever and couldn't keep his hands off his 16 year old maid, resulting in the illegitimate birth of Essie Mae Washington-Williams , in 1925! Who was it that said, the darker the berry the sweeter the juice: was it La Rouchefoucauld ? Carrot Top ? Galileo? No matter. Marcus Warren of The Telegraph reports that: "In public the senator, who stepped down as a South Carolina senator only a year ago, acknowledged Mrs Washington-Williams as ' a friend '(ed note: italics mine). Privately he admitted that she was his daughter with a black housemaid and helped her financially, (Williams) said." An originator of the 1956 " urlLink Southern Manifesto ," which was proffered up when his own mixed-race daughter was 26, Thurmond, as urlLink his biography at Clemson states, "holds the record for the longest filibuster in Senate history; he spoke against the 1957 civil rights bill for twenty-four hours, eighteen minutes." Granted, Strom later reversed himself on his own hypocrisy, hiring conservative urlLink Armstrong Wiiliams , among other African American hires, as a urlLink staff aide . Also, granted, is the fact that he repudiated his past before he went completely senile, ironically leaving his staff -- with many African Americans -- to run daily affairs in the Senator's office, like a ramshackle Southern plantation where the eccentric slave owner is, essentially, owned by his "slaves." But Good Old Strom, may he rest in peace, is in a strong tradition of Southern hypocrite racists, who believe that African Americans -- or did believe -- are backwards people, yet warm blooded enough to heat up the sheets. Thomas Jefferson serves as the greatest example of this hypocrisy. Our founding Father, in urlLink Notes on the State of Virginia , Chapt. 14, writes: "A black, after hard labour through the day, will be induced by the slightest amusements to sit up till midnight, or later, though knowing he must be out with the first dawn of the morning. They are at least as brave, and more adventuresome. But this may perhaps proceed from a want of forethought, which prevents their seeing a danger till it be present. When present, they do not go through it with more coolness or steadiness than the whites. They are more ardent after their female: but love seems with them to be more an eager desire, than a tender delicate mixture of sentiment and sensation. Their griefs are transient. Those numberless afflictions, which render it doubtful whether heaven has given life to us in mercy or in wrath, are less felt, and sooner forgotten with them. In general, their existence appears to participate more of sensation than reflection. To this must be ascribed their disposition to sleep when abstracted from their diversions, and unemployed in labour. An animal whose body is at rest, and who does not reflect, must be disposed to sleep of course. Comparing them by their faculties of memory, reason, and imagination, it appears to me, that in memory they are equal to the whites; in reason much inferior, as I think (ed note: italics mine) one could scarcely be found capable of tracing and comprehending the investigations of Euclid ; and that in imagination they are dull, tasteless, and anomalous. It would be unfair to follow them to Africa for this investigation. We will consider them here, on the same stage with the whites, and where the facts are not apocryphal on which a judgment is to be formed." Of course none of that stopped urlLink Tommy from getting busy with Sally Hemmings , who was the half sister of Thomas Jeffersons wife, Martha Jefferson, as a result of some more eighteenth century Southern interracial action . So, in the end, Strom really was a urlLink Traditionalist . BTW, TJ: The Corsair got an A in his college tutorial on Euclid's Elements , and, years later, can still appreciate urlLink the beauty of his Golden Mean Ratio .

 Is Tim Russert a Saint? Meet the Press' perky Buffalo Bills loving host Tim Russert urlLink had a dream-vision that Sadaam Hussein was captured the night before the bedraggled dictator was lured out of his spider hole by US forces . Peter Johnson of USA TODAY writes: "At a party Saturday night in Washington, NBC Meet the Press host Tim Russert bumped into an unusually upbeat (ed note: urlLink CIA Director ) George Tenet . "He told the CIA director that he had dreamt that Saddam Hussein had been captured. "'Have a nice holiday,' Tenet said, knowing then what the country would learn in nine hours: The Iraqi dictator had been caught. "On NBC's Today Sunday morning, anchor Tom Brokaw put Russert's dream in perspective, quipping that Russert, a Buffalo Bills fan, had often dreamt about the Bills winning the Super Bowl." Okay, Crossing Over with John Edwards ! urlLink The Roman Catholic "canonized" dean of Washington journalism is highly regarded by the press corps: but could Tim Russert have the right stuff to become one of "the blessed" ? St. Tim ... we like it. But the path to canonization and sainthood is urlLink heady stuff. Tracy Wilkinson writes on canonization in the Fort Wayne Journal-Gazette : "To be considered (for sainthood), candidates for beatification and sainthood - they are known as Servants of God - must have a widespread reputation for holiness that grows and deepens after their death." Check! While St. Tim is still very much alive and, may we say, live ly , he has a strong reputation, why, just look at what urlLink his Washington Speakers page says of him : "With a reputation for hard-hitting journalism that cuts through the spin and uncovers the truth, Tim Russert is one of the most influential journalists working in Washington today. As NBCs senior vice president and Washington bureau chief, he has helped shape the way todays news is reported and analyzed. As producer and moderator of Meet The Press, he heads one of the most popular and most often quoted news programs on the air. As political analyst for Today and anchor of CNBCs The Tim Russert Show, he has brought his insight and intelligence to a global audience. With quick wit and warm humor, Russert sheds an irreverent light on the Washington scene, even as he unravels its most intricate complexities." The second part of sainthood is where we hit a snag, though. Wilkinson writes: "And they must be known to have intercessionary powers. That means a believer can pray to the candidate requesting intercession with God to grant a favor, which in virtually every case is the cure of a serious medical problem." Hmmm, urlLink Running back Travis Henry has been performing with a fracture in his lower right fibula, just above the ankle . Perhaps we should all pray to St. Tim for a healing, and help his efforts to achieve the status we all believe he deserves, as Patron Saint of hard hitting Washington journalism. Amen.

 John Edwards: Tough Luck It must be hard being urlLink John Edwards -- no, not the urlLink psychic , the junior Senator from North Carolina and erstwhile Presidential candidate. Although the former trial lawyer is not engaged in the paranormal, it almost seems as if some cosmic force is working against his run. Remember when urlLink Wesley Clark's Presidential announcement overshadowed his ? What are the odds on that? Then, as if that wasn't a strange enough occurrence, Edwards was all set Sunday to get the biggest media push on his lagging run by doing an interview segment on 60 Minutes this past Sunday. What happened ? You guessed it: Sadaam Hussein was captured , forcing CBS to urlLink reschedule the story for a later date . Ouch: the stars appear to be against Ashton Kutcher's man for 2004 .

 The Corsair's Remote Control Tour Diary There are over 500 cable channels nowadays, so who better to give you a tour of some of the major ones? Anyhoo: 500 channels means "niche marketing." And with all those niches, things can get confusing as to what is being marketed. So, The Corsair will help the viewer through the wonderful world of cable with these pithy explanations, In Media Res: TNT : Lousy with Middle aged Testosterone. A musky-smelling channel. Bruce Willis and Steven Seagal action flics and basketball. Big in New Jersey. CNN : Used to be a channel for Kings and Queens and heads of state, but of late it is the channel for cranky retired people with an angry opinion on everything political ("Those libs are holding up Medicaid!"). Poor CNN: They used to wine and dine with kings and queens, but now they are laying in the gutter eating pork and beans. Lifetime : A channel earnestly devoted to the smouldering resentments of Midwestern housewives. Husbands are to blame in most of these story lines. Anger is the predominant emotion. Hollywood has not been kind to Nancy McKeon . Hell hath no fury like Joanna Kearns scorned! Family Channel : The channel devoted to Christians in a nuclear family with a conviction that human history has a purpose beyond this world. Halleleuia . Lots of Mary Kate and Ashley films , which, ironically, attract a very different sort of crowd than the ones that these cats are aiming after. CNBC : This channel serves as "White Noise" for the various strip joints in the Wall Street and financial district vicinity. As your Bud Fox -like trader with a "Lawng Island" accent sips a Stoli on the rocks on his lunchbreak, sniffing his "Bolivian white Powder" ("Vitamin C"), getting a "friction dance" from his favorite "dancer," he can look over her shoulder, casually, and catch a brief glance at just how the markets are doing, and get a gauge on when he should return to the office. A&E : An elderly folks network with lots of Murder, She Wrote , and "original" films like "Horatio Hornblower," for viewers who can remember their glorious years of service in the British Imperial navy policing those hectic colonial ports. History : This is the Hitler and Outlaw Biker channel. At any time of the day, there is a hilbilly bar with serious discussions going on as to Hitler's "tactical blunders" and what they would have done "different," with this channel serving as the background noise. Discovery : This is the older, skeevier companion network to the already low rent History Channel , which means that it attracts a comparatively downscale sort of viewer than one would expect at History, which is not saying much at all. Seriously, though, This is the straight up serial killers network. No joking, yo. Somewhere in the Yosemite Valley there is a man, in a dungeon, sweating profusely, wearing clown makeup and laughing at the moon. He is surrounded by dog collars and he is described by co workers at the post office as "a solitary man." Guess which channel this guy is watching to drown out the screams. That's right (sotto voce) Discovery . Homeland security must needs to monitor anyone who watches more than 3 hours a day of this shit . VH1 : Perhaps the coolest channel on basic cable or otherwise, my little pomegranates! Suffused with irony, snark and nostalgia, this channel supplies the basic components of the Gen X diet. Michael Hirschorn is our god; we are not worthy . MTV : No longer cool: a little resentful of the joie de vivre its older, more successful brother, VH1 . It will never be the 80s again and the blush has wore off that ordinary looking frat boy Carson Daly . No one over 16 should be watching this channel, even for the misguided purpose of irony. E!: Creepy celebrity stalking and gossip. Everyone on this channel reeks of thwarted Hollywood ambitions and plastic surgery gone awry. This channel hasn't had a hit since Gregg Kinnear was up in this bitch , and Jules Asner snatched Steven Soderberg , using the Asner name (she divorced Ed Asner's son years ago). ESPN: This is reality tv for the Maxim set. Faint but palpable homoerotic subtext via "hero worship" of alpha males, like, say, Shaq or Sprewell (but viewers call him Spree, cause, like, they know him personally in a Calvin Klein kind of way), although your average Joe Fratboy will never acknowledge that distrubing little truth. Bravo : For the affluent gay man. Cultural programming( National Dog Show , Cirque du Soleil , Inside the Actors Studio ) and Queer Eye For the Straight Guy rebroadcasts. If you go in for the National Dog Show, collect Lalique crystal (" Steuben Glass is for amateurs"), or the like, then this is your network. BET : A seriously embarassing network marketed to the seedy stereotype of the urban underclass. Ghetto comedy skits told in unremarkable english with frequent reference to bodily functions; charmed , I'm sure. Snakeoil selling televangelists prevail over the airwaves on Sundays. And C-List Blaxploitations flix fill out the rest of any regrettable week spent watching this schedule. urlLink Can you fucking believe that Viacom paid three billion dollars for this channel ? Sci Fi: The repressed sexuality channel. Their niche is the grown man who has a crush on the X Man, Storm and dreams in full-on video games. Somehow the unresolved "sexual energy" gets worked out into a reverence for the "paranormal." B List hot chicks like Shannen Doherty and Tracy Lords end up here after Hollywood is through with them. Fox: If you go in for Karl Rove's talking points, this is the channel for you. The Corsair has to admit that he watched it during the Second Gulf War . Fox routinely scooped the other networks because it sometimes seemed that Rummy gave them the inside scoop. For a "family values network," the women broadcasters have an oddly pornographic patina about them. Hmmm. Showtime: Tries earnestly to out-extreme the original programming at HBO , who got there first. Dreams of getting recognized at events like the Golden Globes ; not likely, however. This is the place to try to pitch your indie documentary on transexual underwater basket weavers in Micronesia . Food : For people who's interest in food has transcended the purely phenomenal eating stage. TLC: This channel is a bit of a mystery to me. It used to have a niche as a sort of Cliff Clavin channel: you know, for the general interest trivia mind-- programming on the imago stage of child development, poisonous reptiles, the Minoan civilization, Roman mosaics, classical biological warfare, the robber barons, volcanoes, that sort of thing. But now it has a lot of "fixing up the home" programming. Go figure what that means. AMC: Kind of Cool. Old Hollywood glamour with some original programming and commentary on the Gilded Age of Hollywood. This is like a channel put together by the editors of Variety looking backward. Vanity Fair should do a show here. Old school. FX: Not worth talking about. Maxim lite. Loads of testosterone. We: Women's fantasy. Lots of Merchant-Ivory Brit productions of aristocrats who fall in love with common women, who are often middle aged American divorcees. Pure drivel. C-Span: For the ultra political science geek. Viewers tend to look like urlLink Michael Barone , wait anxiously for their New Republic copies to arrive, and chuckle over Senate voting record statistics. Can rattle off the precise wording of the Republican Party platform of 1964. Oxy: Very "sisterhood" oriented; Oprah and Gerry Laybourne's experiment has recently taken a sort of Sapphic detour of late with regard to their programming. National Geographic: Interesting and kind of cool. This is a channel about animals and exotic cultures. IFC: So earnest, so hip, so anti-Hollywood: yet as soon as Dinner for Five's indy star John Favreau gets to do a big shlocky Hollywood film like Elf , he jumps like a Cocker Spaniel being offered a dog yummy. Independent cinema is dead. TCM: This is a less hip AMC. This is like AMC with a broken hip. Lots of old movies with no irony or relevant commentary. Ovation: The Corsair has a theory that this is a piece of flotsam adrift on the vast media ocean that is digital television. They repeat the same ten or so programs ad nauseum. Is there anyone employed at Ovation? Did the programmer have a heart attack in the 80s? Did anyone notice? Is anyone watching? ESPNClassic: Oh, dear lord help us. Old men with beer bellies reliving "classic sports moments." (At this point, Bruce Springsteen's Glory Days should be playing). This is the tv channel Al Bundy would most likely be watching on his day off from the shoe store. TVLand: Tries to be all retro-ironical, but street cred will not be forthcoming by running repeats of Bewitched and Sanford and Son , alone. Poor saps. The other networks have bought all the good old tv shows, leaving TV Land to contemplate Mayberry. Animal: Television for committed vegans and PETA members. What kind of ad revenue do these guys generate? Sundance: An edgy IFC; very left wing political, but pure . Robert Redford's pet liberal project. Trio: Perhaps the coolest channel of them all. What VH1 viewers will most likely watch once they quit being ironic, get real jobs in the media and participate in the economy. Used to be a Canadian station, believe it or not. Culture and media navel gazing. NWI: A rap up of all the international anti-American news agencies. Al Gore wants to buy this station and kick things up a notch. DiscoveryTimes: One of the strangest channels in the world. this is actually the New York Times' channel, but it is devoted to showing America militarized or in crisis, which, all told, are the moments when The Old Grey Lady was at its finest. Lots of Civil rights struggles, war footage, terrorism analysis, and --wierdest of all -- endless looks into our military academies. What the fuck?! FUSE: MTV's unsuccessful competitor for the extreme generation low attention span kiddie market, which is not saying much. VH1Classic: Could be interesting, as the X Generation is big on nostalgia, but right now this channel is not happening. USA: This is the sybil channel. It is high testosterone most of the year, but come holiday time it is all about the holidays... kinda like our dads. Style: If it is possible this is an even more shallow channel than E! Lots of B-List types talking about the beauty business.

 Corsair 2003 Year End Awards: The Pirates Every blogger worth their salt has year end awards and "this thing of ours" is no different. It's in the kool aid that we all drink from. 'Tis the season to be snarky, and all that jazz (sorry urlLink Cindy Adams , that's jazz, not your annoying little lapdog urlLink Jazzy ). So, without further ado, The Corsair presents The Pirates -- more credible than the urlLink Golden Globes , and able to leap tall publicists in a single bound -- my 2003 year end awards. Basta! Most Embarassing Media Moment pirate goes to Paris Hilton beating the urlLink President's first post Sadaam interview . Howard Kurtz of the uber media program urlLink Reliable Souces on CNN read my little email at the end of his show: "And Ron (Mwangaguhunga ) says -- 'Of all I know that you Northeast corridor media types will give the victory to Jayson Blair scandal, the most embarrassing media moment for the rest of the country has got to be Paris Hilton beating President Bush's in-depth post-Saddam interview in the ratings.'" Thanks, Howie: love to love you, baby. Great Read pirate goes to the Village Voice's beloved columnist urlLink Michael Musto . Musto is damn fun to read. His voice is pure and his love of pop culture, served with a dash of snark and a side portion of gossip is downtown through and through. It's La Dolce Musto's world, we just live in it. The Wierdest Hair pirate goes to Donald Trump . There's something (grimaces) ... something (frowns, shifts in chair) ... something not quite right about urlLink Trumper's hairdo . Takes One to Know One pirate goes to blowhard defrocked (or left of his own accord, whatever ) Catholic priest John McLaughlin . The vow of poverty left way behind (way, way behind), he once declared to George that he would love to come back in another life as the Sultan of Brunei . Continuing in that homage to tyrants and corrupt rulers, the pseudoconservative voted last Sunday on Russian autocrat Vladimir Putin as Person of the Year . His reasoning? "The person to lead Russia into the 21st century is a blend of despot and small 'd' democrat." Hmm. Takes one to know one, Father John . The He's taken to Jebus pirate goes to Howard Dean . Superphilosopher Leo Strauss used to exhort his disciples to urlLink immerse themselves in the religions that they grew up with and use his rigorous method of examining texts to vivify their religious experience. After Joe Lieberman attacked Dean on his religion flank, urlLink Dean done got the lord in him . Which is a smart move as we all have a little bit of the puritain about us, whether Whitmanesque or Emersonian or even the Ginzberg-Kerouacesque hippie Buddhist. Why else would all the news magazines do those religious cover stories come springtime? Or Milton Bradley sell all those Ouija Boards to malicious high school kids wanting to freak out the repressed virgins in the crowd. And on the subject of newsweeklies, the Dutch Trucker Hat of Obsolescence (worn backwards) pirate goes to US News and World Report . Does anyone read Mort Zuckerman's bronze medalist in the newsweekly marathon? Is this purely a vanity affair? Aside from affording the colosally boring Michael Barone a chance to dress up and play journo ("want to hear about FDR's postal reforms?") is there any other use for this? Semi glossy bird cage papering, anyone? Best Blog pirate goes to Choire Sicha's urlLink Gawker and Elizabeth Spier's urlLink Kicker . Those two are the standard to which we all aspire. Thanks guys. The Best Name Pirate goes to The New York Times' urlLink Jennifer 8 Lee . And I know whereof I speak : After graduating from college, I sent a snail mail letter (hey, it was 1994) to Roger Ebert asking advice on making a splash in the media swirl. He said, and I'm paraphrasing, that not to be cynical, (I) should emphasize my last name because it is memorable (well, how many Mwangaguhunga's do you know anyhow?). Well, so is Jennifer's . With Great Power Comes Great Responibility pirate goes to urlLink Page Six . I love 'em, pure and simple (we also love the first urlLink power couple of NY Gossip Rush and Molloy , yang to the Page Sixer ying). Page Six is the hands down best daily gossip media organization. urlLink Ian Spiegelman went public, giving us some inside on the working of this great institution. They broke up Uma and Ethan and saved Nicole Kidman from making a biiig mistake. Richard Johnson , Chris Wilson , Paula Froelich and Ian can all take a bow. You guys rock hard: keep on keeping on . The Ubiquitous as Ugg Boots pirate goes to urlLink David Brooks. The conservative sociologist "Brooks Brother" (I call him that) was everywhere this year, explaining Manhattanites to the Bush states. Did you know, for example, that in most areas outside of the Manhattan and DC and LA and Silicon Valley power nexus you can get a breakfast for under $2? Fascinating . I guess that's why our man Brookie thinks that the inhabitants of the heartland are more real than the mediaratti. Although Brooks would scoff at the s- Ugg -gestion of being associated with such trendy footwear, we still love to read him. The Jordana Brewster Career that Wasn't pirate goes to Jennifer Love Hewitt . Stalking the celebrity caravan at the outskirts, the self professed " urlLink Love " wasn't getting any. Hollywood is mean to starlets, ask Jimmy Woods' former chippie Heather Graham about that one. Once something of a movie star, urlLink Love is guest starring in unwatchable music videos and dodgy tv shows. Next? The Mischief Maker pirate goes to Robert Novak . Look at this man. Observe him closely. His smile declares malice to the world. Good will towards man? Ha; more likely bad intentions! Very ... bad ... intentions . This man actually kind of scares me a little. It's those moist rat-like eyes that seem to twinkle in the downfall of a good politician. From the urlLink Chicago Sun Times and urlLink The Capitol Gang , the Prince of Darkness works his merry brand of mischief. Whether insinuating himself in the urlLink Valerie Plame affair or being lambasted by fellow conservatives as being an "Unpatriotic American" urlLink in National Review , Robert was as much a story as the issues he covered. When Novak scuttles by it is said one hears the unholy bleating of the goat , sulfurous malodors arise and the cacophanous echo of cloven hoofs striking marble abound. The Low Down Dirty Dog pirate goes to Lenny Kravitz . Lenny would rather let his career rule over urlLink love . The far-ahead-of-her-time Britisher songbird Neneh Cherry warned all women in the spirit of sisterhood to steer clear from Mr. Kravitz with her musical diss " urlLink Buddy X ," which described Lenny in all his hypocritical narcissistic glory, and how he broke the heart of Lisa Bonet , who risked her career to pursue their relationship. Neneh sang: "I don't care what you do/ But there's a hypocrite that lives in you/ Cause if your woman gave her love/ In the same way that you do/ You'd feel a-way/ You know you would" And urlLink Page Six broke it all down for us, ninja-style , at the urlLink beginning of December , revealing that Lenny's relationship with Nicole Kidman was an elaborate publicity ploy -- or so he bragged to friends -- to raise his moribund career. I do hate the game, but in this case I don't very much like the playa, if you must know . I find Lenny a low down dirty dog for chosing, of all people, the most publicly jilted woman in the world, our Nic Kidman , who was divorced in the full media spotlight, immediately following a urlLink miscarriage . Outside of urlLink Euripedes' Medea , it's hard to thing of a more badly jilted celebrity. Great timing, and great show Lenny Kravitz, always adept at raising the image of black men in America -- asshole ! The Christmas spirit pirate goes to urlLink The Charlie Brown Christmas special . The Corsair isn't always snarky, but this year, for whatever reason, the old Xmas cheer just wasn't there . Nada; it wasn't happening and I couldn't, for the life of me, get into the whole commercial holiday drunken office party thing. I couldn't even put up a credible front. Then along came that darn Charlie Brown Christmas special . I am not a pussy . I am not saying that I got teary-eyed, or anything like that. You wouldn't respect me if I made that fact known anyway. My snark web cred would be at zero percentage, sho nuff . Let's just say The Corsair got a little ocular moisture over said tv show, okay ? And let's just leave it at that. The Meta Network pirate award is a tie. My two favorite networks, urlLink Trio and urlLink VH1 win the honor. Both networks seem to subsist on commentary on the excesses of the established networks, the Golden Globes, the bad sit coms, the commercials, the beauty pageants, all that stuff -- and I love it. How meta is that? They take the thin gruel offered by the dinosaurs and rolls pop cultural sushi. In fact, the only cable channels that hold any water with me are Trio and Vh1. urlLink Michael Hirschorn and urlLink Laura Zalaznick , take your bows now, you truly deserve the applause. The Que Pasa USA? pirate goes to the Latino people, who surpassed African Americans as the largest minority in the US. Let's have some love for our Spanish-speaking brothers and sisters. And higher representation on the magazine covers and tv programming, okay? A one time only Salma Hayek issue in which the terminally unfunny Dame Edna blasts latinos doesn't count, Graydon ... and take that Winston Light out of your mouth when I'm getting all righteous! The She ran for Governor of California to become the Mayor of Hollywood pirate goes to Arianna Huffington . Crazy like Swayze . As Ahrnold made his leap from Hollywood to Politics, Arianna made a simultaneous leap (watch you're heads, fellas), thus terminating the vacuum left behind, from Politics to Hollywood. Somehow, Arianna Huffington came out of her quixotic independent party run for governor as the cool political voice of the urlLink Hollywood set , heir to all their influence and affluence and radical chic . How did that happen and did anyone even observe its occurence? The woman is smooth ... Sade made that sultry song about her -- she's whip smart, a devastating rhetorician, a formidable reinventor of self and she is dark . Greek dark . Admiring Arianna is like admiring the guy who picks your pocket beneath your notice, under your radar, on the DL . If Arianna were a man, she would be in the Senate, possibly in a leadership position, or maybe even Prime Minister of England, where she spent her college years. urlLink Six Million Dollar Woman pirate goes to every young man's older woman fantasy, Demi Moore . Undergoing what can only be described in Pravda, of all places, as urlLink "massive plastic surgery ," Demi went from being pretty, to some kind of wonderful. Demi gave new meaning to the Golden Globes. She is our bionic woman, a real life analog to the hyperadvancement in technology. She is bigger technology news than the blackberry pager. One imagines, with tongue in cheek and a heart full of mirth, the conversation at that historic moment when the plastic surgeons conducted their urlLink Wierd Science on her: "We can rebuild her. We have the technology. We have the capability to make the world's first Bionic woman. Demi Moore will be that woman. Better than she was before. Thinner . . . bustier . . . tighter ." When you get tired of Ashton, Demi ... call me ? The Six Pieces of Bubblegum Diet Award goes to Dylan Lauren . I find urlLink Dylan , the socialite owner of Dylan's candy store, to be immensely fascinating. She's sweeter than an Alexander the Grape ! Although she sells 50,000,000 calories of candy in a year, she remains rail thin, like most Upper class Upper East siders chicks. How does anyone working in a candy store come off looking, well, to be frank, a little anorexic (and I mean that in the nicest possible urlLink Nan Kempner kind of way). In the Your Body section of the January 2004 Harper's Bazaar , written up by one Jacqueline deMontravel she gives up the goods and urlLink reveals her eating habits to us, the readers . Sweet fucking Jesus I never knew that rich women go through such deprivation ! The diet is as follows: "Ninety percent of my diet consists of healthy foods, 10 percent of indulgences. 8:30 A.M. Large bowl of mixed fruit (half a melon, an orange and one cup of blueberries) 9 A.M. One-hour run (6-8 miles) 10 A.M. Stretching for 15 minutes 10:05 A.M. 8-oz. Emer'gen-C ElectroMix electrolyte-fortified sports drink, liter of water 10:30 A.M. Omelet with six egg whites, one cup of broccoli and spinach, and fat-free cream cheese 1 P.M. Liter of bottled water with lemon 2 P.M. Salad with 3-oz can of tuna, ginger dressing, a multivitamin, 8 oz. Of diet Coke, 10-15 gummy bears 3 P.M. Liter of bottled water 4 P.M. One medium grapefruit 6 P.M One-hour session of weight training 7 P.M. Six pieces of bubble gum 8 P.M. 8-oz. Glass of water 8:30 P.M. Half a roasted butternut squash, 4 oz. Of steamed Chilean sea bass, stalk of steamed kale, spoonful of Birthday Cake ice cream 10 P.M. 8-oz. Cup of hot water with lemon Total calories consumed: Approximately 1520" Six pieces of bubblegum at 7pm, huh? Well, as The Corsair is writing this at around one, poor Ms. Lauren is half way between bottled water and her tuna salad and gummy bear break. Let's send good vibrations her way, huh peeps: you can do it, Ricky ! Resist the smell of those everlasting godstoppers. Beauty is pain! The Thug Life Born, Thug Life Bred Award goes to Harvey Weinstein , the good natured "indie" studio exec, who appears to have the thickest skin of any media personality in the world. Michael Wolff skewered him in urlLink Autumn of the Moguls , calling him "grotesque," "a thug," "a great and gross manipulator." Wolff added, for good measure, "he is generally thought to have good taste. He's kind of kitsch." Ouch . Thems fighting words when applied to a pseudointellectual like Big Harv, the man who inflicted Roberto Benigni on urlLink Western civilization . Weinstein returned fire by urlLink actually attending the book party at Michael's restaurant . Like water rolling off a thugs back ... The Girl, Interrupted Award goes to Paris Hilton , who finds urlLink answering her cell phone to be of greater imperative than pursuing good vibrations by way of Rick Solomon . Well, that's showing us that the girl has her priorities in order. The Jenna Dewan pirate award goes to Fisher Stevens . Every so often a chestnut bubbles up from the oozing cesspool that is the eternally adolescent mind of Howard Stern , who, mirabile dictu, was seen urlLink dining with Steve Martin at Coco Pazzo. They must have been discussing urlLink Picasso's late erotic paintings . Anyhoo: one such magical Sternian chestnut is the Jenna Dewan Game . It goes like this: name a "celebrity" whose name you know but really shouldn't. And if you say Ron Mwangaguhunga , I'll be heartbroken. Jenna Dewan is famous for urlLink dancing for Justin Timberlake and then dating him. The Corsair would like to add the august name of Fisher Stevens to the Jenna Dewan game. Why did I spend much of the last quarter of the year on the urlLink ex-Mr. Michelle Pfeiffer ? I don't know ... I really don't know, but for a second there, it was as if urlLink Fisher Stevens was busting loose, breaking all bounds, about to reach the media heavens, as if everything was finally going to go right with him and he wouldn't have to hang out anymore with unsavory past-their-expiration-date type seedy "stars" such as urlLink Matt Dillon . But no, false alarm. Fisher's still just fisher. The Has Been pirate goes to California's former Milk dud munching gerbil faced geek of a governor, Gray Davis , who showed us that he has Vice Presidential levels of charisma lazily wobbling out of his veal-like torso. Proving he did not have what it takes to govern the fifth largest economy in the world, Gray Davis put on a campaign so lackluster that it made Al Gore's 2000 bid look like urlLink Napoleon at Jena . Fuck ! The Never Was pirate goes to urlLink Vincent Gallo , auteur du cinema. That rat's ass can polish his pirate award like urlLink Coolio and his Grammy as far as I'm concerned because this will be the last goddamn honor he will receive. Ever! (shouts, shakes fist at computer screen) The vole-like "star" put out the verminy-titled film Brown Bunny in which he receives the most talked about blowjob since Monica blew Bill from Chloe Sevigny , whose urlLink current dental condition might make for a fascinating reshoot. Anyhoo: Sleazy creep urlLink Gallo -- aptly named -- whined about urlLink Roger Ebert's bad review of his unwatchable "work." Why? Even Gallo remarks that he made a stinker. He was 'Le scandal de Festival' at Cannes. Why do we still talk about him? By now he should have beat out Fisher Stevens for the Jenna Dewan award! The Dance Move of the Year pirate is a three way tie. Neve ("First off it's pronounced Neve, not Ne-vee!") Campbell wins for her surprisingly graceful moves in urlLink The Company . The other ties are Al Sharpton , who threw down some urlLink serious foot magic on SNL , impersonating his one time mentor, James Brown . The third and last tie award goes to Calvin Klein , whose urlLink substance-abuse feuled sprint to courtside to pitch woo at Latrell Sprewell exhibited a surprising grace. The things one does for love ... The Most Irrelevant Magazine pirate goes to Rolling Stone . I am of two minds on the subject. First, May 3, 1998 , to me, was the day the music died. Rolling Stone Magazine, the embodiment of hip counterculture colluded with the Giuliani adminitration as a corporate sponsor for "Family Day" to displace the Million Marijuana March from Washington Square Park. urlLink No lie . Also: putting April Lavigne on the cover of March 2003 was a very sad reminder that even though the music has died at Rolling Stone, the stink still lingers like a fucking puddle of stillwater at 1290 Avenue of the Americas. The He Kept Us On Our Toes pirate goes to Michael Wolff . Oh you can love the man (and we do) or you can hate the man, but if you care about the media, you have to keep you eyeballs firmly affixed to urlLink Michael Wolff . Unlike Tina Brown , Wolff appears to be genuinely thoughtful, capable of expounding on politics and media in something other than "synergetic" buzzwords. Whether it was that urlLink crazy little urlLink Centcom fiasco , or his tome urlLink Autumn of the Moguls , urlLink his will-he-or-wont-he-buy New York -- the man has style. He is one of the best interpreters of the media, and, simultaneously one of the canniest players in the media. The Jill Clayburgh Older Women are the New Black pirate goes to Diane Keaton . Looking for Ms. Goodbar? An older, more mellow blend of nougat, you say? Older women are veering around the national landscape like Calvin Klein in hot pursuit of Latrell Sprewell . Why? Is this a delayed reaction from the popularity of The Golden Girls ? No. In the case of Diane Keaton's meteoric rise to sex symbol from author of a urlLink book on bad Clown art is the most surprising. What is even more surprising is that Keaton actually likes the bad Americana clown art. Taste isn't everything, I guess. She's got "it" says the urlLink Sun Herald . She's portrayed as "passionate" and "desirable" says the urlLink NY Times . urlLink The Washington Post goes so far as to call her a "babe." And she is in a manner of speaking, to be frank. Her rise comes at the tailend of a year where Tinseltown said: it's okay for older women to be considered sex symbols. Look at Demi Moore and urlLink Ashton Kutcher , for one example, and even, the not old Cameron Diaz , 31, who is dating Justin Timberlake , who is urlLink 23 . Then, of course, there is the urlLink 12 year age difference between 50 Cent and Vivica Fox . Hey, it's all good. From urlLink older women-younger men it was a short hop skip and jump to older woman as sex object , when you think about it. So, jumping bones with Diane Keaton ? I don't know, but I'd definitely like to have some coffee with her and ask her about her absurd position on clown art. The I Wanna Be Vice President pirate goes to Senator Bob Graham of Florida. Jesus Christ, I have never seen a man lust after the Vice Presidency in my life. Like Golem chasing after the ring of power("my preccciousss!!!"), Graham wants this thing. I mean, what is there so grand and swishy about the office, huh? You get to go to rubbery chicken fundraisers. You get to go to funerals of dead heads of state in remote but politically important nations. You get to speak at fascinating places like -- yawn -- the Daughters of the American Revolution, and such. So why has Bob Graham gone out of his way -- no, strike that -- gone way the fuck out of his way to get the post. First he ran a urlLink quixotic campaign which no one believed he was in to win. Then pulled out just before he had to burn bridges by campaigning negative. The he quit his extremely important Florida Senate seat, making him that much more important to keep on the Presidential ticket in order to keep the state. God, this man has a love jones for the Vice Presidency and The Corsair cannot for the life of him figure out: why ? Runner ups in the chasing the ring of power contest include Newt Gingrich chasing after Secretary of State, James Baker chasing after Secretary of State (hey, Colin Powell is laid up recovering from prostate cancer -- als fair in love and politics!) and George Pataki , chasing after fellow Yalie Dick Cheney's position on the ticket. The Hey, I Really Am Black pirate goes to Michael Jackson . Like OJ before him, Michael found his black roots just in time for jury selection in his criminal case. Now he's Muslim and giving an interview to Ed Bradley and, we imagine, BET to prove that he really is black, although the visual seems to contradict the fact. Coming soon: Michael proclaims his innocence on the labels of the bean pies!

 Happy Holidays I'd like to take the time to wish you, my little pomegranates, a healthy and happy holiday season. Thank you for poutting up with me during the year. One types and types and wonders if anyone is even reading. You are, and I am filled with gratitude. I'll recharge my batteries and be back on Friday. Until then, guys, cheers, Ron Mwangaguhunga The Corsair (oh yeah, here's urlLink Al Gore's son's mugshot .) (oh yeah, and urlLink an NBC reporter got run over by a reindeer )

 The Charlie Rose Drinking Game The art of the interview is to draw out the subject while the interviewer recedes into the background. Although Charlie Rose delivers the goods on any given weekday, he uses the first person singular personal pronoun often. Excedingly often. Okay: all the damned time. Charlie, thank you for giving us those great interviews with Will Ferrell and Luca Cordero di Montezemolo , but honestly: It's not all about you . All those I's and me's Charlie; it's not all about you. So, in the spirit of Charlie Rose's energetic use of the first person singular personal pronoun, The Corsair proposes The Charlie Rose Drinking Game . It's late at night, it was a hard day at work, you are about to go to bed and Charlie is interviewing some Master of the Universe -- so why not have a drinkie poo on everyones favorite social climber- cum-interviewer? Every time Charlie uses the first person singular personal pronoun, down a shot. And don't use any of the cheap stuff , ladies and gentlemen, this is Charlie Rose we're talking about, and that whole "corridors of power Illuminati Trilateral Commission" power nexus. One doesn't just down muscatel with Charlie Rose; you better recognize . If you are still conscious after the drinking game, then you are a candidate for the Jared Paul Stern Ironman Drinkie-poo competition.

 New Celebrity Mugshots Tis the season to be jolly, and what better way to be jolly than to scope out celebrities at the top of their game getting collared for a stint in the pokey! Shadenfreude ! There, I said it : a day cannot pass happily without mention of that Germanic buzz word , which is now almost past it's prime. Almost . Anyhoo: Check out Johnny Cash in a urlLink 1965 drug bust . And here's 50 Cent urlLink awaiting felony charges for peddling crack cocaine and heroin . Oh, here's a sweetie, Andre the Giant , urlLink awaiting arraignment for "roughing up a local tv cameraman." Oh dear sweet lord ... can you imagine the poor wretch who had to share a cell with Andre? Can you fathom a moist Oz-like scenario where a hapless convict has to do Andre's laundry? Or fluff his pillows for him ? ( please excuse the pun there) But my all-time favorite is Robert Downey, Jr, inexplicably bubbly as urlLink he gets ready to serve some serious time on a drug conviction . He deserves an Oscar for this performance.

 The Paris Hilton-Trey Lindley Aftermath The little town of urlLink Altus, AK , not Bethlehem, is still reeling from The Simple Life stars Paris Hilton and Nicole Ritchie , who were anything but simple, urlLink according to The Star Magazine . Up until now, Altus has been positive about the whole pr affair. But lately, as The Star reports, bitterness has set in. It's the extreme wealth that Paris is generating on top of her already considerable fortune that is sizzling the playa hating juices of the little town of Altus. urlLink Julia Campbell writes : "The small town of Altus -- population, 817 -- agreed to let Fox come in to film the show because they believed it would put their little town on the map and bring in much-needed revenue from tourism. Well, the town is definitely on the map, but so far, Altus has netted a mere $59 from the girls' participation in a kissing booth at the town's annual spring festival, the Springdale Gala. Meanwhile, Paris reportedly stands to make more than $3 million from a sequel show and other projects. 'Must be nice,'says Altus' mayor, urlLink Veronica Post . 'We would have been happy with $150,000 for a new fire station.'" Trey Lindley , Paris' boytoy, is still milking his 15 minutes of fame, because according to the article: "Trae Lindley, was 'smitten' with the hotel heiress, according to Trae's father, George Lindley . The couple occasionally still talk on the phone, he says. 'When she was down here, they were always together,' says Russell Sturdivant , 19, who played basketball with Trae. 'But I don't know how serious it was.' "George Lindley says the feelings between his son and Paris were mutual, but that it was Paris who plucked his son out of a crowd. 'Trae is not the type to go over and be forward and introduce himself and say 'Hey, I'm the big man on campus,' George says. 'Apparently, Paris picked him.'" But there were other boys , I mean, you don't expect your typical boy crazy socialite alpha female to settle down with one mate in her sojourn into the heartlands: "Lindley wasn't Paris' only pick, say locals. One boy, who would not give his name, claimed that he had a fling with Paris. Karen Stites , whose husband Scott owns the local bar Hog Calls , says Paris planted a wet kiss on her husband's lips. 'He was so proud of it because she's a celebrity,' she says. 'I guess he figured it was a free pass.' urlLink Bill 'Buffalo' Leding , owner of the Lakeside Mart gas station and convenience store says, 'We've got some pretty girls around here, but when you bring someone to the town who's confident and spends the money taking care of herself, these boys are bound to swoon over her.'" Read it for urlLink yourself .

 Limbaugh Medical Records To Be Released to Prosecution As the fellows at urlLink The Smoking Gun salivate like a Wall Street broker at a strip club on his lunch hour, a Florida Judge has ruled that Rush Limbaugh's medical records can be released to prosecutors, but must be kept from Enquiring minds, if you know what I mean . The investigation is to find out whether or not Limbaugh engaged in "doctor shopping" as a bid to fuel his addiction. The Smoking Gun has posted Limbaugh's incredibly large drug stash yielded in the search of his home urlLink here .

 Elizabeth Spiers Shines The patron saint of all good bloggers, Elizabeth Spiers gets her comeuppance in the form of urlLink a glowing New York Times profile and we can not be more happy for her. On the history of the very cute Miss Spiers, urlLink Shaila K. Dewan writes: "(Spiers) had a difficult time persuading her parents to let her apply to an out-of-state college, but nonetheless ended up at Duke University , where she took Arabic, wrote a paper on terrorism and considered working for the State Department or an intelligence service. 'I applied to the C.I.A. but nobody called me back,' she says." Hey, what's up with that? First urlLink Page Six's spectacular editor Richard Johnson and now Elizabeth Spiers? If Richard and Elizabeth cannot get the scoop on our enemies, then what makes you think urlLink Valerie Plame will? Fo' shizzle . Anyhoo: The Corsair counts as his main influences urlLink Spy , Elizabeth Spiers , Page Six , urlLink Kierkegaard's battle against the original Corsair and ... uh... well, this is not about me ... it's about Spiers . And, in a sense it is about about all bloggers. This is the golden age of blogging -- everyone and their grandma has a blog. Recently, urlLink The Daily Candy (a semi blog) sold for between $3 and $4 million. Now Ms. Spiers gets her due. How much longer before urlLink The Gothamist gets a show on urlLink NY1 ? When will The Corsair get a gig on urlLink MSNBC ? Or essay writing privileges at Vanity Fair ? I'm getting off track again. Any time things veer away from being about me I lose interest (I can't help it, I'm a Gemeni), so I'll say it quickly before the mood evaporates: Congratulations Elizabeth Spiers on a well deserved moment in the sun.

 Justin Timberlake and N Sinc: Racists?! Say what you will about urlLink NSync , that they were a sucky boy band, that Joey Fatone got busy with older woman Kathy Griffith, or even that they are a Backstreet rip off. Accroding to that significant cultural artifact urlLink The National Enquirer , former NSync band manager Ibrahim Duarte is accusing Justin Timberlake, among other band members of using the n-word in a way that does not bespeak of brotherhood and friendship. Tom DiNardo writes: "Ibrahim Duarte filed a $10 million lawsuit November 25 in New York Supreme Court, saying he was fired without warning in 2000 -- after suffering a constant barrage of racial remarks, incidents and humiliation." "In one fiery confrontation, Timberlake -- now a successful solo artist -- exhibited astounding racial insensitivity, according to the complaint. "The singer said to Mr. Duarte, 'You niggas ain't s---.'" Duarte's attorney Douglas Wigdor told The ENQUIRER: 'Justin Timberlake used the N word to Mr. Duarte frequently.'" Tha article goes on to say: "What's more, the emotionally charged suit states that once during the summer of 2000, band member Lance Bass 'segregated' Duarte by placing him on a separate tour bus away from the band and other personnel." Segregated? Come on, Ibrahim ... come on . You almost had me there. I was all set to go off on a rant about that evil Justin Timberlake and march with the Reverend Al Sharpton against him interloping in the R and B game, but then you had to pull the segregation shit and now the credibility is no percentage. Why doesn't Ibrahim just sue for the real cause, he got his ass fired and missed out on he NSync gravy train and the subsequent Timber-lake o' cash . Once you have understood that, the article takes a more comedic tone: "'Duarte always traveled with the band on their bus and Mr. Bass did not ask any of the White/Caucasian employees who regularly traveled with the band to travel on the other bus . . . ,' according to the suit. " What ever .

 (scroll below Paris Hilton - Trey Lindley fans ) Most Embarrassing Media Moment The Kenyan coffee was pipin' hot as to our liking, the Sunday New York Times was sprawled underneath my feet and Howie Kurtz was interviewing the "shark-eyed" Sam Donaldson , throaty professional Presidential "advisor" urlLink David Gergen and the ever-smiley singsong urlLink Robin Wright on urlLink CNN's Reliable Sources about something called "Spider Hole Journalism." All that we needed was urlLink Smokey to sing for everything to be good in the world ... tonight . Anyhoo: At the end of said convocation of the Beltway Insiders, Zowie Howie relayed that he wants viewers to send in their votes for "The Most Embarrassing Media moment," which suggests that even Howie isn't immune to the charms of shadenfreude (do we get spanked for using urlLink that word ?). Of course, the winner is going to be the urlLink Camel Filter poster boy Jayson Blair . But that doesn't mean that you can't accost Howie with your own picks. The email is reliable@cnn.com , and he will read the most soundbytable little morsels on the show. And tell him The Corsair sent you. For my money, urlLink Paris Hilton beating President George Bush's in depth interview with Diane Sawyer on Sadaam's capture takes the cake, or urlLink Iraqi Pomegranate Soup , if you will .

 Paris Hilton: Homewrecker! (Note: This story is reprinted from 12-18 , but for some reason people are requesting it, so I'm putting it up here. Trey Lindley's 15 minutes and all that. Please scroll down to the new stuff on Kournikova and Julio , George Stephanopoulos , Neve Campbell and CNN's Howie Kurtz's Most Embarassing Media Moments if you have already read it. Sorry about that, my little pomegranates) urlLink The National Enquirer reports that Paris Hilton , while taping her reality show The Simple Life , wrecked the relationship of two high school sweethearts in Altus, AK , and then got the hell out of town quicker than a wayward preacher faced with a shotgun wedding ! Caroline Cains --the earth angel-- told the Enquirer : "Thanks to Paris, the future Trae (Lindley) and I were building was ripped apart within a matter of days ... As lovers, Trae and I are back to square one." Caroline Cains and Trey Lindley were Mr. and Miss Ozark High in the 2003 yearbooks, but apparently, Trey thought being Paris' Arkansas fling was a more prestigious title. Or, at least cooler for a high school kid when in the locker room with the guys. Men. Trae spoke out in the same interview: "There's a chance Caroline and I can mend our relationship, but it's going to take a lot of work. Caroline just doesn't trust me anymore." Noo : really? Ah, young naive love. Why can't the Real World be as exciting as this? Come to think of it, when was the last time that TRW was even exciting? A source told urlLink The Enquirer : "(Paris) admitted to at least one person in Altus that 'The Simple Life' producers encouraged her to find a romantic counterpart because they thought it would make for 'good TV.' "It wasn't very difficult for her to find a fall guy, because Paris was the first celebrity most of the townspeople had ever met. And she used that star power to cast a spell on Trae." The story goes on ( Corsair munches popcorn distractedly, leans in to computer screen) ...: "'Paris met Trae at the Altus bait shop where she and Nicole were working, and Trae was smitten. "'Then Paris ran into him a few nights later when she and Nicole were carousing, hanging out with some neighborhood kids at a local gas station. "'Trae is a handsome guy, so when Paris saw him again she made it pretty clear she wanted to hook up. And as the evening progressed, she continued to pursue him. "'As soon as Paris learned about Caroline through one of Trae's friends, she giggled and said, He has a fiancee? Well, we'll see about that! "'She started rubbing against Trae, batting her baby blues, and flipping her hair. "'By the end of the evening, Trae had forgotten all about his fiancee and had become Paris' toyboy ... whatever Paris wanted to do with him, he was game. It was really sad to watch Paris take a couple who were so madly in love and destroy them without a care in the world." Bait shop. Gas station. Leg rubbing. Hooking up. This story has it all: the heartland, an uptown girl, reality tv, and romantic betrayal (Corsair claps). You've got to urlLink read it to believe it . Oh good job, guys; inquiring minds are satisfied. Now, if only we could fit a Golum into the story. Entertainment Update: Congratulations to Russell Crowe and his wife, Danielle Spenser , who gave birth to a boy, Charles Spencer Crowe on Sunday night, weighing 2.8 odd foot of grunt (6 pounds 2 ounces).

 Stephanopoulos Is In The Cut Yeah, I came down hard on Geoorge Stephanopoulos a while ago. I came down on Our Man Georgie like stupid on urlLink Senator Patty Murray . In a very special Corsair , dated Halloween 2003, we wrote: "Not since Attilla the Hun's aggressive campaign against the Roman Empire has anyone been so audacious and bold as George Stephaopoulos' very public transformation from the creepy giggling elf behind James Carville's Cajun strategist routine into a respected network news correspondent, or, as they say in the biz a "Wise Man." Imagine the massive thumos involved (George would appreciate the Greek philosophical reference) to think that you can go from the "the mouthpiece that turned" of the Clinton Years to Cronkite or Eric Sevareid , if you will, without paying the requisite dues. One wonders whether the appropriate response is to applaud or to be appalled at the cheek displayed." Ouch. We were in rare spirits that day ( Cutty Sark , to be precise), so cut us some slack. George Stephanopoulos did a bang up job shoring up all that raw ambition into some decent content on urlLink This Week on Sunday . The mop-headed Wise Man slogged through The Hague to give us the behind the scenes with urlLink Wesley Clark facing off in a smackdown at the Hague with Slobodan Milosevic . Then afterwards, he shuttled to Littleton, New Hampshire to follow the NATO General on the campaign trail. The most arresting scene by far was when Milosevic, cross examing Clark, read from urlLink Peter Boyer's damning New Yorker article , confronting Clark about disparaging comments on his leadership (BTW: How the fuck does a war criminal at the Hague get a New Yorker subscription?!) by Amy Gen. Henry Shelton , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. With a slow, devious predator's smile , Milosevic asked -- through a translator -- "So your former superior talks about your character. Isn't that right, General Clark ... Why were you removed from your post prematurely?" It was an evil moment. Tryants cornered, like rats, will do anything -- anything -- to survive, and Milosevic did as his slimy character dictated. Afterwards, outside, Stephanopoulos asked Clark if any of the testimony inside hurt his Presidential bid. Clark was upbeat but it looked as if he had been punched in the solar plexus by 50 Cent , or gotten "Alec Baldwined" in the most excellent urlLink Page Six ( we love you , Page Six). You done good George , you got us a memorable scene and you asked a hard ass question of a public figure seeking to become Master and Commander of the Universe. In 2004, we promise to go a bit easier on you and the "healthy" sex life he enjoys with wifey, urlLink Alexandra Wentworth .

 Ballet Done Right I am not a fan of the ballet. Let me amend that : I am not a fan of sitting in an audience and watching -- in two dimensions -- the stage as a ballet troupe athletically presents their program. urlLink Robert Altamn's latest flic , with, of all people, quirkey Canadian Neve ("First off, don't call me Ne-Vee ") Campbell gets it right. The film adds a third, and of course, fourth dimension to the ballet scenes with the help of urlLink DP Andrew Dunn , a God of the perfect shot. Dunn gets camera shots from up in the stage lights, the wings, from behind the stage and he catches the gossamer costumes as well as the elaborate and draining movements. Altman gets the "social macrocosm" and Neve Campbell is terrific, but the real star here is the camera, and the man behind it: DP Andrew Dunn

 Enrique and Kournikova: It's Over In the beginning was urlLink the herpes rumor . During urlLink Enrique Iglesias's Escape video , rumors flew. But Enrique Iglesias , like a gentleman, brushed them off, telling UK reporter Julie Goodhand : "There are stories about how I wouldn't kiss ( Anna Kournikova ) in the video because she had herpes on her lips. They are all rubbish." They were indeed, but it appears that now he won't be kissing the Slavic beauty as that significant cultural artifact urlLink National Enquirer reports that they are no longer an item . Done deal: Finito ... ( The Corsair makes a 'surfer dude' hand signal) call me Anna (he slowly, earnestly puts his fingers to his ear) ... call me ? The singer's PR people refused to answer the Enquirer's questions for the story. ( Actually , I can't blame them on this one) urlLink The Enquirer writes, "When Today host Katie Couric probed Enrique Iglesias , 28, on Nov. 25 about his on/off romance with tennis babe Anna Kournikova , 22, he stammered, 'We're, we're cool.'" Iglesias seems to not have given up on a Donald Trumpian taste for Eas tern European cuisine , if you get the snarky drift. Iglesias went in for a urlLink Kournikova look-alike to chase the holiday blues away. The story continues: "(Iglesias) was recently spotted making out with 25-year-old Croatian model Monika Jakisic at a London nightclub. 'Yes, I was with Enrique,' Monika reportedly has admitted. 'He's a lovely man, but I don't want to comment on his personal life.' 'Enquiring" minds want to know. ... And now they do.

 Most Embarrassing Media Moment The Kenyan coffee was pipin' hot as to our liking, the Sunday New York Times was sprawled underneath my feet and Howie Kurtz was interviewing the "shark-eyed" Sam Donaldson , throaty professional Presidential "advisor" urlLink David Gergen and the ever-smiley urlLink Robin Wright on urlLink CNN's Reliable Sources about something called "Spider Hole Journalism." All that we needed was urlLink Smokey to sing for everything to be good in the world ... tonight . Anyhoo: At the end of said convocation of the Beltway Insiders, Zowie Howie relayed that he wants viewers to send in their votes for "The Most Embarrassing Media moment," which suggests that even Howie isn't immune to the charms of shadenfreude (do we get spanked for using urlLink that word ?). Of course the winner is going to be the urlLink Camel Filter poster boy Jayson Blair . But that doesn't mean that you can't accost Howie with your own picks. The email is reliable@cnn.com , and he will read the most soundbytable little morsels on the show. And tell him The Corsair sent you. For my money, urlLink Paris Hilton beating President George Bush's interview with Diane Sawyer on Sadaam's capture takes the cake, or urlLink Iraqi Pomegranate Soup , if you will .

 Corrections Ah, that fleet of factcheckers employed by our private Ugandan coffebean fortune sometimes misses a factoid. ((Note: this is a one man organization, my little pomegranates ) Like, we appreciate the time when the very cool Jon Friedman of urlLink CBS.MarketWatch.com noticed that we misspelled the name of Sofia Coppola and the excellent Chris Bonanos of urlLink New York Magazine emailed that we mistakenly blogged that Joan Didion was fired from Vogue for negatively reviewing The Sound of Music (it was, as Chris noted, urlLink Pauline Kael ) Hey, if we dish the snark, then we have to be ready to take the lumps when we muck up . If we have any blaring errors, email me the corrections at papermag@yahoo.com . Thank you.

 Tyson vs Snipes "One night after ( Mike Tyson's girlfriend) Hope had visited MT (Mike Tyson) in his LA apartment, he told me to follow her. She had left earlier than usual, telling him that she had to visit a friend. He wanted me to find out where she went, if she made any calls, if she talked to anybody, everything that she did after leaving him that night. So I grabbed the black Lamborghini Diablo and kept a safe distance ... At Roscoes, a soulfood hangout in downtown LA, she parked, got out of the car and walked over to a black Lexus ... her friend turned out to be actor Wesley Snipes . "(Tyson) was paging me. I called him back to let him know the situation ... Less than ten minutes later, he pulled up in a yellow Testarosa, accompanied by a new bodyguard Anthony Pitts . Anthony was a former professional football player, stood about 6'7, and weighed in around 250. Tyson jumped out of the Ferrari. "...When Hope caught sight of him, she practically fell out of Snipes lap and onto the floor. The actor froze then waved a hand"'Now, Mike, now, Mike, we can do this together. I dont want no problem. "'Let's go into the bathroom!' Tyson snapped. "When I returned from the parking lot, I noticed Anthony was blocking the bathroom door. A couple minutes later we heard a big noise inside, and then Tyson emerged alone. "After he was gone, I cracked open the bathroom door. Wesley Snipes was sitting against the far wall, head tilted to one side, unconscious (italics mine)." urlLink The Inner Ring , by Rudy Gonzalez , p.58-9

 Sin-ergy Peter Biskind's new book urlLink Down and Dirty Pictures is one of the most talked about tomes around. It is a quote machine. In one passage from the book overrated director Bernardo Bertolucci says of Harvey Weinstein , "he started to believe too much in himself as auteur of the film ... He's like a little Sadaam Hussein of cinema." Well, with quotes like that, you know the old Corsair would have to zero in and extract . Oh, and extract we did. Here's a little tidbit that clarifies the whole embarrassing Tina Brown Talk Miramax Eisner fiasco. Dig in: "On July 1998, (Tina) Brown stunned the media world by 'ankling' The New Yorker in favor of a new venture, a magazine to be published by Miramax . Talk, as it was to be known, created yet another rift between (Harvey) Weinstein and (Michael) urlLink Eisner . The Disney chairman had his own relationship with Brown, and he was after her to do something for him. "The Tina Brown hiring was a big problem,' says urlLink Joe Roth . Michael thought he was a friend of Tina's and Tina kept trying to get Harvey to allow her to let Michael know that this conversation was going on -- which was totally outside the business plan, and had to be approved. "Harvey called Michael at ten o'clock the night before it was announced. Michael hit the roof. He thought having a movie company and a magazine, especially an expensive magazine, was a conflict, and he was against it. It was very different from the business that these guys had contracted for.' Roth adds,'Harvey was worried that if he had told him earlier, Michael would scuttle it somehow, so he took a chance, and probably sold Tina on the idea that he didn't have to ask permission.' Eisner would have vetoed the deal, and initially he told Harvey,'I'm not gonna let you do it.' In the end, Eisner was reluctant to humiliate Weinstein, who reportedly told him that he would only be in for $5 million. Still, the two men virtually stopped speaking. " urlLink After losing the Brooklyn Navy Yard as a site for the Talk launch party when Mayor Giuliani discovered that urlLink Hillary Clinton , his likely rival in the race to become New York's new Senator, would grace the cover of the inaugural issue, Brown secured Liberty Island instead. "On August 2.1999 the $200,000-plus, star studded party was held at the foot of the Statue of Liberty, bedecked for the occasion with festive Japanese lanterns. If Harvey wanted to buy his way into the charmed circle of New York's celebrity intellectuals, he succeded beyond his wildest dreams. Everyone who was anybody was there, 1,400 strong, from urlLink Salman Rushdie , just emerging from his urlLink fatwa-induced internal exile , to urlLink Madonna to urlLink Henry Kissinger . As the first round of fireworks blossomed over New York harbor in a spectacular display of fiery brilliance, urlLink George Plimpton exclaimed, 'This one's for Harvey and Bob Weinstein.'"

 Esquire Lives Imagine our surprise at finding that Esquire did not, in fact, evaporate into an inert gas sometime in the late 90s. No, it actually is still being published. Not only that, but the January 2004 issue is pretty yummy indeed. It drinks deep from the dish of wit. In their What I've Learned section, they manage all manner of fun from everyone including the Sir Edmund Hillary of social climbers, Lynda Carter to aging Hollywood swordsman Jack Nicholson . Here's what urlLink Wonder Woman had to say: "This modeling agency I'd gone to was putting on the Miss USA contest. Why would I want to run around in a bathing suit? But my mother and sister talked me into it. Three weeks later, I was Miss USA. Didn't even sing. There was no talent: it was all tits and ass." Well, to each our strong points. And Jack Black and Kyle Gass turn out this little chestnut: Kyle : Who we'd like to meet? Jesus . Jack : You should say I instead of we . I think Jesus would be a big fuckin letdown. You'd find out he's just a dude. He might be a real boring hang. He might be a really kick ass rabbi. You'd want to know the answer to everything and he'd say, 'How should I know? I'm just Jesus.' Plus you don't know how to speak ancient Aramaic. I say, let's go back to see someone who for sure kicked ass. Let's go fucking chat it up with Plato . Kyle : Talk about a language barrier. You're not gonna be knowin any of the Greek. I'd like to meet Hitler when he was an artist in Austria. Hang with him. I used to dream about this. I fantasized that I went to art school with the Beatles ... Jack : Dude, you better finish up that fuckin Hitler thought. You left it on a really wierd note. Kyle : Oh! I would just be checking Hitler out. Telling him, maybe you should stick with the painting." Esquire , the gift that keeps on giving.

 Stupid Ass of the Week "Religious broadcaster," Yale Law School grad and sometime urlLink faith healer Pat Robertson , Fox News reports, says that George Bush will win in 2004, urlLink at least that is what God is telling him . "'I think George Bush is going to win in a walk,' Robertson said on his '700 Club' program on the Virginia Beach-based urlLink Christian Broadcasting Network , which he founded. 'I really believe I'm hearing from the Lord it's going to be like a blowout election in 2004. It's shaping up that way.'" The story continues: "'The Lord has just blessed him,' Robertson said of Bush. 'I mean, he could make terrible mistakes and comes out of it. It doesn't make any difference what he does, good or bad, God picks him up because he's a man of prayer and God's blessing him.' "The Rev. Barry W. Lynn , a frequent Robertson critic and executive director of urlLink Americans United for Separation of Church and State said he had a prediction of his own: 'Pat Robertson in 2004 will continue to use his multimillion broadcasting empire to promote George Bush and other Republican candidates.' And the story concludes: "In a reference to Bush's political adviser, Lynn said, 'Maybe Pat got a message from Karl Rove and thought it was from God." P.O.V. CBN Networks -- Evening. Pale moonlight illuminates Pat Robertson, deep in prayer. Male Voice (O.S.): (Waspy accent) So it looks like Bush will win again in a walk, any problems with that, my faithful servant? Exquisite joy erupts on the cherubic face of Robertson. A strand of drool leaks from his prayerful lips. Robertson: No, Mr. Gawd , thank you! Ah, the pleasure of having a gods that shares ones political beliefs.

 Golddigger! "The Huffington estate in urlLink Montecito is one of the most beautiful homes I've ever seen. It sits on ten acres overlooking the Pacific Ocean near Santa Barbara. As Michael was showing me the property, I told him there were two issues of business I wanted to address: the release of his tax information, and the need to repair the damage he'd done in his new hometown. Many longtime Republican activists were openly supporting (Senator Diane) Feinstein . I suggested he commit the money and organization for a major rehabilitation effort. He said he'd think about it. "Then there were his tax returns. By refusing to release them, he was vulnerable to Feinstein's charge that he paid no taxes and had, in fact, avoided them by remaining a resident of Texas until he ran for Congress. He told me there was no way he'd ever release them and, in fact, he couldn't . "He didn't explain why and I didn't ask, but as we walked across the estate he told me a story. Before he married Arianna, he didn't own a house. He lived in an apartment in Houston and was very happy. After the wedding they'd looked for over a year at more then a hundred homes around Los Angeles and purchased this one for over $4 million. "'We spent another fortune redoing it,' he said. 'Then I get elected to Congress and Arianna needs a house in Washington, so we buy another one for five million. She spends another fortune redoing it.' "'No one but my accountants and I know how much I am worth. The press has estimated it at seventy to seventy-five million dollars, based on my disclosure forms. That's way low, but it's fine if that's the figure they want to use. It's more like double that amount. If I disclose my taxes, Arianna will figure out how much I am worth and try to spend it all.' "'Now I understood, and I almost felt something like sympathy for him. Not releasing his tax returns would become an explosive issue, but one that I never raised with him again." Ed Rollins , Bare Knuckles and Back Rooms

 Saying Goodbye to Sex and the City "Everybody needs a little time away/ I heard her say, from each other / Even lovers need a holiday / Far away from each other " Chicago , urlLink Hard to Say I'm Sorry (note: do not read further if you are against plot spoilers for Sex and the City's final episodes. Warning: Plot spoiler coming up) All over the country women will be watching the final Sex and the City episodes, staring Sunday at 9pm. Will Samantha get breast cancer (yes)? Does she beat the breast cancer? Will Carrie get married? urlLink Jessie Knadler of Star weighs in: "An on-set source tells Star that in the second-to-last episode, Big ( Chris Noth , 49) calls Samantha, Miranda and Charlotte and asks to meet them at the local diner. The source believes Big wants advice on if and how he should pop the question to Carrie, the sex columnist played by Sarah Jessica Parker , 38. Another clue is served up in a different episode from the upcoming season, which kicks off on Jan. 4, when Charlotte York ( Kristin Davis ) house-sits for Carrie and overhears a message that Mr. Big leaves on Carrie's answering machine, saying, 'I've made this mistake too many times before, and I can't afford to make the same mistake again.' He signs off by saying, 'I love you.' " The article continues: " Samantha Jones , the sex-obsessed publicist played by Kim Cattrall , 47, is diagnosed with breast cancer during the final season. But Star has learned that she beats cancer in the end. And in a future episode, Samantha meets with the heads of a breast cancer awareness organization, who ask her to speak at a function. When she practices a stiff-sounding speech in front of boyfriend Smith Jerrod ( Jason Lewis , 32), he tries to help by telling her that during his stint in AA, he learned to keep it real. Samantha's retort: 'This is not AA. This is PR!'" I hope that last line isn't indicative of what we can expect. (soap opra-ish long fade to commercial)

 That Grimy Grotto Krista Allen , the urlLink very sexy pin up girl for the December 2003 Christmas issue of Stuff Magazine (hey, The Corsair only buys it for the interviews) has an interesting story about the perils of doing a swimsuit scene in the infamous Playboy masion Grotto: "We shot ( Confessions of a Dangerous Mind ) at the Grotto at the Playboy mansion . I was nervous to get in the water because, I mean, this is the Playboy grotto -- who knows what goes on in those pools. Afterwards I took a lot of antibiotics and prayed for the best."

 Tucker Carlson On Fame "Hardest of all to get used to, though, was the loss of anonymity in public. Working in television is like having your picture in the Post office. People you've never seen before know what you look like. "I didn't fully comprehend the consequences of this until I flew to Italy for a friends wedding. Thanks to bad weather I wound up spending quite a bit of time in the Paris airport. One beer led to another, and by the time I boarded the flight to Florence, I'd definitely been drinking. I wasn't embarrassingly wino drunk, though I was dirty and unshaven. I was, however, impared enough not to notice that there was a large Moroccan man seated between me and the aisle. "Not long after takeoff, I had to go to the bathroom fairly desperately. (Savvy travellers, I've since learned, don't drink four liters of beer before getting on airplanes). By this time, the Moroccan guy was asleep, completely passed out and snoring. Rather than wake him I decided to climb over his seat. Stepping from one armrest to the other, I made it successfully. "I had no such luck on my way back. Years later I convinced myself that the plane had turbulence just as I was standing over the sleeping man. I'll never know for sure. I do know that somehow I lost my balance and wound up falling knees-first into his lap. "He woke up screaming. I didn't understand the precise meaning of his words, but I got the general point. He yelled in the intercontinental language of pain, fear and confusion. I tried to apologize, but this seemed to make him more agitated. "He didn't stop shouting until I got off his lap, which wasn't easy. It was a loud moment. "But not so loud I couldn't hear my own name spoken in a stage whisper from three rows back. It was a group of American tourists. They were staring at me. "That's definitely him," said one. "I saw him on CNN last week." Tucker Carlson , Politics, Partisans and Parasites.

 Kurt Anderson Slams Pseudo Composer John Williams "'Welcome to AT & T Services . The cellular customer you have called is unavailable, or has travelled outside the coverage area.' George (Mactier) specifically hates this passive-aggressive record-o-man. The prissy, vague excuse -- 'unavailable?' -- always strikes him as a prevarication meant to keep him from speaking to (his wife), or his collegues, or other cellular customers. Nothing like AOL's digital butler, with his fake-enthusiastic utopian-zombie voice. George continues to find 'You've Got Mail!' entertaining enough, even ten thousand repetitions later, so that he didn't finally deactivate it until around the time the movie came out and he read that the AOL man, whose first name was Elwood , has urlLink his own web site . 'US West!' a female electronic tone says over the opening chords to the overture from John Williams's new US West Symphony , 'Directory assistance ... for which community in the 6-5-1 area code? "'St.Paul,' George says. "'Which customer listing?' the robot operatr asks. "Edith Hope Mactier.' "' ... one moment,' the robot operator reples. "John Williams's Fanfare for the New Economy , the same four chords once again . (italics mine)" Kurt Anderson , urlLink Turn of the Century So, what are you saying , Kurt? John Williams is not the American Bach?

 Tara Reid Gets All Crunked Up As urlLink I, Claudius began with pagan dancing, let us also begin 2004 in a somewhat urlLink Saturnalian mode. With a catfight . You may already have heard of the little contretemps between that boozy slice of American Pie, Tara Reid , and the so-called most downloadable babe, Cindy Margolis , but I'm pretty sure you will want to hear about it again. That significant cultural artifact the National Enquirer feeds our prurience urlLink thusly : " ... When the two women met up, witnesses said, Tara made a disparaging remark about (restauranteur Guy) Starkman to Cindy -- who flew into a major rage. "(Margolis) grabbed Tara by her hair and yanked her off her bar stool onto the ground, say witnesses. ( The Corsair munches on unsalted pocorn, eyes firmly affixed to computer screen) "Then the two feuding femmes began scratching, gouging and rolling on the pricey parquet floor while trying to land punches. "'It was a knock-down-drag-out fight of the type that was never seen in this place. ( The Corsair wipes a single bead of sweat from his furrowed brow) "'... It was horrendous, or beautiful, depending on who you asked. ( The Corsair sighs, mouthing the word beautiful ) "'There was some difference of opinion about the husband of one of the gals, and off they went. "'They were rolling around on the floor. "'There was no blood, but there were handfuls of hair left on the floor." ( The Corsair's eyes widen) "In time the two were separated and Cindy was ushered out the back door of the bar. "The 'judges' at the bar unanimously declared 35-year-old Cindy -- who at 5-foot-7 is two inches taller than featherweight Tara -- the winner. When the smoke finally cleared, slightly red-faced Tara, 28, returned to her stool for more cranberry vodkas. " Poor Tara. If she had actually won the fight, chances are she would still be getting crunked up on Vodka and cranberries. God bless the urlLink National Enquirer .

 And to close out the year here are our predictions for 2004. See you same bat time same bat URL on January 2. Predictions: urlLink Renee Zellwegger will stop sucking lemons before turning in a performance. Michael Jackson will flee to Morocco, get a urlLink villa in Marakesh , and harass little boys unmolested by the local culture until extradited back to the US. MTV will cancel The Real World . Bill Murray will win Best Actor and deliver the best speech in Oscar history. Brendan Frasier will release more bombs this year than the Iraqi resistance. Lauryn Hill will engage in a lonely, Kierkegaardian crusade against the Roman Catholic Church. Graydon Carter and Sophia Coppola will date. Ashton Kutcher and Leo diCaprio will get into a fistfight. Christina Aguilera will pose nude for Playboy. J_Lo and Ben Affleck will get married after their film urlLink Jersey Girl crosses the $100 million mark. John Stewart will be tapped to replace David Letterman at the expiration of his contract. Page Six's Richard Johnson will host a weekly pop culture roundtable on Fox News Channel. VH1 will give Mo Rocca a Late Night talk show. John Edwards will win the South Carolina Democratic primary making him the Anyone-but-Dean candidate that Terry McAuliffe and the Clintonistas will rally around. Dick Cheney will leave the ticket due to "heart concerns" opening it up for fellow Yalie George Pataki. Pataki will back Rudy for Governor of New York and the Dems may lose New York and another shot at the White House. Jayson Blair will be tapped to write a cover Michael Jackson interview for Vanity Fair . Bill Clinton will finally accept a $50 million a year deal to host an Oprah-like talk show with world leaders, CEOs, journos and religious figures as guests for CBS.

 RuPaul's Blog! Have you ever whatever happened to RuPaul ? Well, Ru has a urlLink weblog . What's that? You don't remember Ru? You never watched the urlLink Ru Paul Christmas ? The VH1 Show ? Crooklyn ? Didn't you see Ru insult funnyman Milton Berle and his adult diapers ? Ru Paul was a late 90s phenomenon . Fast forwards to today, where Ru has a blog. As of 7:51 Eastern time, here is a part of Ru's New Year message on the urlLink blog: "so, in this moment of heightened sensitivity, i wanna take this time to tell all my niggaz, my bitches and all my ol' skool ho's, i love you from the core of my soul, to the bottom of my heart. "because of the love you gave me, i'll know that i existed." And on behalf of all the "niggaz, bitches and ol' skool ho's, "happy new year, Ru.

 What's Eating Russell Simmons? What's Eating Russell Simmons ? Or rather, what is Russell Simmons eating? Plants ... urlLink lots and lots of plants . The Corsair knows all the telltale signs. I was editor-in-chief at MacDirectory , and urlLink reported frequently on Apple's CEO Steve Jobs . Jobs drank so much carrot juice that at one time he appeared to be turning orange . We had to recalibrate our digital cameras, it was a fiasco (only kidding). The hip hop herbivore is looking a little ... now I don't want to offend anybody here ... these are powerful toes I'm stepping on ... and I'm sure many of my readers are veggies as well ... Russ is looking a little anemic . A little urlLink unhealthy . In the "urban community," it might be phrased as: urlLink Russ doesn't look like he's packing "the rib-busting ox-strength." Seriously, though, keeping it gangsta: could someone throw some curry oxtail in Russell's algae shake? Please?

 Jackie, Oh! "A perfect example of (the glamour of Kennedy power) would be ... the way Jacqeline Kennedy acquired the use of the estate she wanted for riding in the hunt country of Virginia. She found a country place and set her heart on it, but the widow who owned it did not want to leave her home, since she had also set her heart on it, years before, and had shared the place with her husband before sharing it with his memories. Mrs. Kennedy called on the then-powerful lawyer Clark Clifford , who wanted to become ... 'an honorary Kennedy' by doing the will of the family, even down to its most arbitrary whims. "The first two times Clifford tried to persuade the woman, he was turned down; but Mrs. Kennedy told him to keep trying. Clifford then resorted to what he called his National Security argument: it was the woman's patriotic duty to help the President meet challenges to the nation by giving him a place to relax. This worked. The delighted Mrs. Kennedy sent Clifford a drawing to congratulate him on these ingeneous bullying tactics. (The drawing) shows him striding up to a woman's house with a lawyerly sheaf of documents labelled 'Acts of Exile, Tortures, Lists of Jail.' All very funny, except to the woman." From The Kennedy Imprisonment , by Garry Wills , p. xii

 My Trio I suppose Time Magazine's Joel Stein is an urlLink okay kind of guy . I've never met him. He seems to have a bit of a wit, however dry , for someone who works at Time Magazine , the world's capitol of gravitas and all that . In the end, there is nothing wrong with Joel Stein that a robust multivitamin couldn't remedy. But what was he thinking when Trio TV gave him the urlLink gig of a lifetime ? I mean, who wants to watch endless hours of Battle of the Network Stars ? I mean, seriously , who even watched Battle of the Network stars back then, when Telly Savalas and Gabe Kaplan had juice ? Not me : and I was ever the hip 6 year old. Who loves ya, baby ? Now, If Laura Zalaznick of Trio Tv called The Corsair tommorrow (call me, Laura, call ... me ...) and asked: What low budget high quality shows would you program for Trio TV? Remember, we only have a fraction of the network budgets, but we want high quality. I would say: Laura, have you ever read my blog? I am all about low budget high quality. Anyhoo : These are some of my picks: Dummy . urlLink Gritty 70s drama of urban social decline -- thanks, Ed Koch ! Asshole ! Koch turned NYC into a Guns n Roses video, with Mr. Brownstone creeping around Central Park in a raincoat with nothing on underneath. Get this plot, though, peeps: LeVar Burton plays a deaf and dumb mute who is framed for the death of a prostitute (Kuta Kinte, you are a framed man!). But will we get justice from the man? Will a young Paul Sorvino get him redemption when he cannot even communicate with his client? Or will "Dummy" just become another urban statistic on the Koch street? Despite the overall bleakness, this a very, very cool social commentary. Masterpiece Theater: Last of the Mohicans . No, not the cheesy Michael Mann MTV video with Daniel Day Lewis and Madeline Stowe giving florid, overproduced romance. No , this one was the real deal . The French and Indian War , my little pomegranates. Colonial wars involving trappers and Native Americans dressed in coonskin and caribou, muskets at the ready. The Massachusetts Bay Colonizers and what not . Dodgy alliances, snow and muskets -- we're talking the French and Indian War, people , work with me here . The drama , fo' shizit. For some bizarre reason the Masterpiece Theater programs made in the 70s -- arguably the best programming of all time -- languish in someone's vault, uncherished and unsung. American history geek? (raises hand sheepishly) Present . Alice: I've always wondered if this was a comedy or a tragedy , or perhaps that significant 70s artistic construct, the "dramedy." Single mom who sings Bradway showtunes working to support her kid in Arizona on diner tips. Fuck ! I'd imagine that singing "There's a New Girl In Town" ought to get those coffee refil tips into the stratosphere out there in Phoenix . I'm sure the serial killer truck drivers on their way to the Pacific Northwest on one hours sleep, a thermos of coffee, crank and a meat cleaver under the diner stool are really up and around to hearing broadway medley's at Mel's Diner, no ? No ... Better yet , Alice Hyatt, thou repository of standards of the great White Way, stick with Florence "Flo" Castleberry's crafty encomium: a leathery oversexed outlook on truckstop flings and a pipin hot "kiss my grits!" to the cheapskates. Imagine if that show were pitched nowadays . Only David Lynch would go with it. Without the laugh track Alice could be an American drama drenched in pathos, like Dreiser's Sister Carrie . Take away the laugh track, throw in some creepy Lynchian music, and you've turned a dramedy into Americana horror . Alice would end up on nthe evening news and Lil Tommy would be shackin up with dingy Vera faster than Mel could re-lard his pork chops. No ... urlLink Alice doesn't live here anymore . Don't even get us started on the great Vic Tayback banging the pick up bell with his spatula like the true character actor he was. Dating those seedy Phoenix chicks well past their expiration date. Americana horror is the genre. May Mel Sharples rest in a urlLink greasy kind of peace . Pink uniforms, ah, Mel, read much de Beauvoir ? Rich Man Poor Man: Observe Nick Nolte before the fermented grape robbed him of his marginal looks, then again, there is charm in Nolte's urlLink whiskey ravaged grim visage . If Nolte can be a star then so, dammit, can anyone. Earns props for Teachers , though. He counts . Poldark: This cult British tv series is quite habit forming. Incredible. Just urlLink incredible . A period piece that is a cross between Wuthering Heights , the Mayor of Casterbridge and Le Liaisons Dangereuse . You get sucked in to this costume drama that is one part soap opera and one part high art. Assorted Good Times episodes: Come on, you know you had a crush on Wilona when you were kid, don't you; or, if you were a girl, Bookman the janitor was your long cold drink of water. What, you never saw a black man doing a John Wayne impression, pilgrim ? And you know in your heart Wilona saved Janet Jackson from falling down the elevator shaft trying to escape her mom who beat her with a hot iron just before she became Willis' girl, then Cleo on Fame, then Ms. deBarge. The one where Michael gets drunk off some dodgy "health tonic" was a urlLink classic ("Get Vita Brite and sleep tonight ...*passes out*). The there was the time Michael joined a gang. Oh, what about the one where Thelma almost married this bigamist Nigerian. Crazy ! What about that pimpy guy "Lennay," who always sold hot appliances from out of his coat. So was the episode when James has hypertension. So was ... hey ... was this urlLink a comedy or what ? Cinema Paradiso . The best work of art on friendship I've ever encountered. A glorious film. urlLink Fellini's Satyricon . A pagan work. Un-be-fucking-lievable. The Rablasian Fellini walks us through Roman antiquity as imagined crossed with a science fiction movie. There can never be anyone as Felliniesque as Fellini. The Big Blue Marble: My favorite show as a kid, if you must know . Carl Sagan's Cosmos: Okay, so in the madcap world of astrophysics urlLink Sagan's hypotheses are probably all outmoded already . Right? So what ? So is Ptolemy's Almagest , and yet I still read it in college. The provocative thinking is worth another looksie. This series was the bomb ! (looks around sheepishly, then raises hand, "question: who is the PBS geek"?)Classics do not get outmoded. urlLink Chespirito . This show was a mystery to me: Why would a grown Latin man want to go on tv dressed like a bumble bee with a big "CH" affixed to his paunch. Subtitle it and put it on Tri. We'd all like to know what the people on that endless laugh track find so funny. urlLink Stoned, the Afterschool Special with Scott Baio . "Super Stoned Jack," was the scariest introduction that most of us had to the world of the sweet leaf. If I were stoned I would never go out in a row boat. Well, not after seeing this little chestnut. Put it on Trio so we can all laugh at the "reefer madness." Just say yes. Fame the TV Series : Why are there not repeats on VH1 of this show already? When you say low budget and high quality I think .. right here's where you start paying for it ... with pain ... and sweat . The show of young, artistic people struggling for their moment to shine is about as American as it gets. Whatever happened to that sexy cello player who wouldn't give anyone the time of day, urlLink Lori Singer . Cries and Whispers by Ingmar Bergman . If Black Stallion is the most beautifully shot film, then this is number two. All natural lighting. Bergman uses a fade to red to seperate scenes, mimicking the inner membrane of our eyelids. About as fucking intense as art can get. And halfway through this film about communication and treachery and time past, Bergman dissolves a reconcilliation scene with a Bach Sarabande in the most mysterious way. Schoolhouse Rock: That Figure Eight . Mysterious, melancholy and mathematically instructional. Time will never again be so mundane. A strong influence on The Corsair's childhood. The Black Stallion: Those fabulous Coppollas! This is perhaps the most beautiful filmed movie ever. The Gore Vidal-Bill Buckley Debate-Fight It was in the heart of the 60s: it was the polarized political center of the 60s. The left and the right clash violently on national television . A classic . I just finished reading Vidal's Burr. Excellent . Woody Allen's Teleplay: Don't Drink the Water . One of the most interesting experiments on television ever. Woody Allen directs and writes a teleplay starring Michael J Fox and the kid who played Blossom . Shaky handheld camera follows a grown Michael J. Fox as slowly becomes involved with the much younger woman. Sound familiar? Kramer vs. Kramer. The first dramatic statement of the Baby Boomers. A film of the first water. Young married couple breaks apart. Wife leaves shallow workaholic husband and baby. Goes out West. Comes back revitalized. Husband fights custody. Bach and Vivaldi heighten drama. And the courtroom scene where Meryl Streep slowly dissolves into tears and forced composure are among the best acting you will ever see. Okay, so those are some of my Trio picks. And you have to admit it is a hell of a lot better than Battle of the Network Stars .

 Will Someone Give Bill Murray An Oscar Already? Oscar is fickle about urlLink comedians (unless you, like me, found William Hurt in urlLink Kiss of the Spider Woman to be inexplicably hilarious ... and don't even get me to do my impression of Daniel Day Louis in My Left Foot ... I'll knock over this computer). Oscar only rewards drama, goes the theory ... Oscar feels that comedy isn't really acting. Oscar eludes all those who seek him. Oscar believes comedians are too contrived in their performances. Oscar, Oscar, blah blah. blah . What about Bill ? What about his oft-spoken of "nuanced irony" (makes bracket gesture with frostbitten fingers)? Will someone give the Oscar to Bill Murray already? His performance in Sophia Copolla's Lost In Translation was the most winning of the year. Imagine a Best Oscar going to an underplayed performance, a bittersweetly comic performance, gentle man going through the inevitable motions of decline. And Bill Murray -- for lack of Oscar nominations -- is an actor in decline yet at his peak. How better to reward irony than with irony? Give the subtly nuanced rendering of decline a thumbs up, Hollywood. Denzel Washington's dirty cop in Training Day was the most powerful and full-on, cut all the stops performance in recent years. Septemeber 11th, to a degree, fueled our need for catharsis: a big evil wolfish lead villain exterminated by his own excess. In contrast with that performance, would be wonderful to have Bill Murray's muted Hollywood actor jetlagged in a foreign land win it this time around. Murray has been snubbed by Oscar before ( The Corsair shakes his head balefully at man's base nature). The fact that Murray has never been nominated and that is a crime. Murray was simultaneously straightforward and emotionally complex in Rushmore . He created a rich, if conflicted personality in The Razor's Edge . And Murray was overlooked as the subtle (that word again) but funny cuckolded psychiatrist in The Mighty Tennenbaum's . My favorite Bill Murray flic is Meatballs , which is also the first film I ever saw, so take my suggestion with a grain of salt ("spazz ... spazz ... urlLink spazz "). There will never be a time quite like the 70s, in Canada, no less. There was an innocence (notwithstanding Murray's very un-PC manhandling of fellow counselor urlLink Roxanne , played a bit on the butch side, by urlLink Kate Lynch ). And for the kids who don't get the ad libbed sex jokes, thereis the cockles-warming relationship between Murray and the affable Chris Makepeace character. That relationship would never happen today as a result of the cynicism arising from the Catholic Church and internet sex fiends. If Bill Murray showed that much interest in a camper nowadays, he's be serving a three year sentence! Anyhoo : To me, Bill Murray is the coolest man on the planet earth, so there.

 Mike Tyson and Naomi Campbell "I chauffered Mike Tyson and urlLink Naomi Campbell around dozens of times during 1987. They were a strange mix. She was very polished, having been raised and educated in London. In her crisp British accent she talked down to Tyson all the time, trying to 'educate' him, correcting his grammar and teaching him manners. She also got him into a designer clothes mentality by taking him on expensive shopping trips in mid-town Manhattan, to expensive boutiques on Madison and Fifth Avenues. Until then, he had been wearing clothes bought at urlLink AJ Lester's , a sporting goods store in Brooklyn. Naomi Campbell got him into Gianni Versace , the designer for whom she did most of her modeling work. Later, his wardrobe was almost exclusively made by Versace, including $2,500 sport shirts and $5,000 leather pants. Tyson would shower (Campbell) with very expensive gold and diamond jewelry. "There were a number of times I picked up Naomi Campbell from Philadelphia International, the closest major airport to Atlantic City. She was on a tight schedule so, instead of having time for a real date, many times I would just chauffer them to Manhattan. This gave them several hours to have sex in the back of the limousine. The movement they generated in the back of the limousine was incredible. Sometimes I thought the car, rocking and rolling, might tip over. Once we arrived at her apartment building, they would say their goodbyes. "'You know, Mike, if it weren't for the sex, I wouldn't even talk to you,' she seemed to enjoy telling him.'You don't offer me anything else.' "And Tyson would just laugh. Exhausted from the non-stop sex, MT would sleep all the way back to the Ocean Club." urlLink The Inner Ring , by Rudy Gonzalez

 Tyson and Trump Take urlLink Alan "Ace" Greenberg , the legendary head of Bear Steans. Alan has always made a great deal of money for everyone, including himself. He is an amazingly streetwise guy with a tremendous intellect. He is a champion bridge player, and that is not by coincidence. Over the years, Alan has called me, because he know I hang out with a number of celebrities. Ace picks up the paper and reads thatI've been out with Mike Tyson , Evander Holyfield , and a host of rock stars, models, and actors. He always tells me that if I were a real friend to these celebrities, I would advise them to save their money, be very conservative and very smart. "He watched what was happening to Mike Tyson in the newspapers. This was a number of years ago, before Mike Tyson's problems and prison term. Ace saw that Mike's money was going fast and furious, so he called me in order to offer to watch over Mike's money, as he does for so many others, and to ask that I tell Mike to please give him a call. Ace wanted no money for his guardianship; he just felt sorry for the many atheletes and stars who lose all of their money to incompetent or dishonest managers. In the most emphatic terms I asked Mike to contact Ace, but he never called." Donald Trump , urlLink Trump: The Art of the Comeback

 Jailhouse Pen Pals Maybe it is all the talk of Mike Tyson that got me on this little bit of urlLink incarceration fun . Ladies, are tired of all the lies and the cheating ? Let's face it, Uma Thurman was right: all men cheat . But the intellligent lady can better the odds for fidelity in her relationship. Do you want to know that your man is where he says he is? Then you are looking to the wrong singles bars for companionship. Just look behind bars period . Try a urlLink jailhouse pen pal . Ladies, I know you can understand the concept. Think of it: a moist Oz-like scenario of your very own ! Just check out Manuel Pardo Jr . Inmate Number 111983 : "I am a 48 year old Spanish male, a former Marine and Nam Veteran. I was a former Police Officer in Miami and took the law in my own hands and ended up on Death Row. I seek a nice and sincere person to correspond with and establish a good friendship." How can you resist ? This a man who has a keen sense of justice -- he served his country, he served his community. Sure, he probably did some unspeakable crime, but he's on lockdown, baby pop . He's probably very "mussular," ladies. And what's best ... you know he isn't two timing you ... at least not with another woman . And, um, probably not of his own volition ... but that's neither here nor there. He will be faithful, after a fact, in his own special way. Yes, yes, that whole "Row" thing is a bummer, yes, but at least you know how your own little Harlequin novella will end, no? And isn't it romantic, his dying at the hands of an unjust state? It's like a Bold and the Beautiful storyline, or, at least, a LifeTime movie starring Nancy McKeon or Meredith Baxter Burney, but this time the woman will not be scorned. The struggle against the cirminal justice system will bring you and your "punk" closer, in your private struggles against "The Man." How romantic. And Gentlemen . Don't think I've forgotten you. I have got a hot one for you. Meet Jacqueline de Bruce , inmate number 185345 "residing" in Wetumpka, AL: "I am a 35 year old African-American female who is submissive to a man. I have full suductive lips and a nice figure. I am looking for a pen pal." Oh, you had me at "hello." And you know where she is 24/7, you know , fo shizzle. I'll bet all the guards in Wetumpka, AL are in a tizzy over this eye candy. She's not slipping out at night while you are at work, trying to make ends meat (insert urlLink Good Times theme song) going to the club with her little friends. When she says she's in the commisary , you know she's telling you the truth. And she has a nice figure, after a fashion -- or so she says . Jailhouse love , people. Becauyse it's all about trust; and in this day and age, the only way we can trust, is to be sure that our partners are incarcerated. Jailhouse pen pals: It's the new black .

 Trials, Trial, Trials ... Yeah urlLink A New York Times story by Gretchen Morgensen soberly reminds us that if we live in an Age of Shadenfreude , then we need public trials in which to roast those fallen stars to crispy. To wit: America was a nation founded by ambitious lawyers out to throw off the outrageous chains of tyranny , and today lawyers are just as ambitious, but they are also out to throw off the outrageous claims of celebrity . As a result of the legal field's bold maneuverings on the battlefield of 'enquiring minds,' urlLink TheSmokingGun has become a household name. Legal eagle NYS Attorney General urlLink Eliot Spitzer is the golden boy of the Democratic Party. Please do not get in the space between Spitzer and a tv camera. You will get squished . It is more dangerous between Spitzer and a network camera crew than in the urlLink DMZ in North Korea . One can almost forget that urlLink dodgy campaign money from his dad in '98. Almost. urlLink Court TV (aka, sotto voce, "the INVESTIGATION channel") is big as a result of the new legal chic, but they are evidently not chic enough to hang at urlLink Plaid's VIP Table , as urlLink Page Six reports, "COURT TV correspondent Beth Karas and friends being muscled out of their VIP table at Plaid to make room for Met Mo Vaughn and company." Sorry, counsel, baseball still trumps the legal field in the USA. Dates to Keep in Mind, my little pomergranates : On January 20, urlLink Martha goes before the court ; on February 4, urlLink WorldCom's Scott Sullivan gets to see if Justice is truly blind; In urlLink October, those rascally Enron execs get their shot. Then, of course, we cannot forget Jacko , urlLink Kobe , Scott Petersen , Robert Blake , the urlLink Bassinger-Baldwin's Beatings and Booze child custody fiasco (aka, the Battle for urlLink Ireland "). Finally , we have professional ambulance chaser urlLink Raoul Felder , who took time out from his busy schedule writing seriously urlLink unfunny travel books with Jackie Mason to represent David Guest. Guest himself couldn't make the hearing. "He had to have 20 injections in his head," explained Felder ... although he neglected to mention why the hypedermic needle looked ... so ... odd ... (averted gaze) ... okay, admittedly I went after a cheap laugh right there: but you know I had to say it. We are going to need humor to fortify us against all the legal wranglings that stand between us and pure, unmitigated shadenfreude .

 Tom Harkin is an 800 lb Gorilla No, no, no ... (fake Georgetown dinner party laugh, sips glass of Madeira) ... Iowa's Senator is not literally an 800 lb gorilla, god almighty : urlLink but what he is is incredibly influential within the party . As the joke goes -- what do you give an 800 lb gorilla. Answer: anything he wants . And that is how urlLink Senator Harkin is being treated by those slaphappy Democratic hopefulls. Everyone wants that big fat juicy Harkin endorsement-- it's hotter than urlLink Mare Winningham in ... in ... it's hotter than Mare Winningham in ... strike that ... Mare Winningham was never hot in anything except, maybe , a cardigan . Anyhoo : In Iowa, the Senator isn't God ; God quite frankly just doesn't have Harkin's positive public opinion numbers. (makes repentant gesture, sips gingerly from tumbler of Cutty Sark , begins to blog again) But in the end there are only two contenders that the Senator is wrestling with according to urlLink Carl Hulse's article in the Old Grey Lady . Is it going to be the surging Dean or is it going to be his old comrade Dick Gephardt ? If Harkin picks Dean, it will be a massive bitchslap heard round the nation, for no one -- no one -- has done more over the past 20 years for the farmer, the manual laborer and the midwestern union member than Dick Gephardt . But Harkin has to ask himself: haven't we been down this road before ? And yes, indeed he has: often . As often as Tara Reid has crawled across a dirty barroom floor in search of The Porcelain God. Gephardt has made mistakes over the years and has never been able to fully realize the weight of the Iowa endorsement. He makes the catch, as he has in the past, and then he fumbles. Dean's campaign is a phenomenon and Harkin knows it -- he sees the futurity of Dean and the internet progressives: "'It has been impressive what he has done,'" said Mr. Harkin, who invoked a late friend and fellow liberal in the Senate.'Paul Wellstone and I always knew that if we continue to compete with the Republicans for the same shrinking pool of voters, we will lose. We have to expand that pool and Dean is doing that.'" Carl Hulse's article doesn't leave us any closer to knowing who will get the endorsement, but it gets you hungry for the big day ... Okay, so maybe I'm the only one hungry about this. (looks around the room for support) Whatever .

 It's Gwynnie Time urlLink Gawker's very cool Choire Sicha is ahead of the curve once again, starting the media pile up on everyone's favorite frosty blond, Gwyneth Paltrow (well, that's my prediction anyway), by just kind of leaving a rather provocative quote on the site to go uncommented upon. Well (pulls up a chair), let's do some commentary, n'est-ce pas ? Gawker references urlLink The Washington Post , which basically says that ... people (whistle, averts gaze) ... people are resentful of her success. (whistles nervously and looks around): "[I] don't care if I'm not Number 1 or Number 5 or Number 10. I'm really [expletive] good at my job, and people who are interesting and good know that, and that's all that matters." Hmm . And just when I thought the Vanity Fair blonde (and how many blonde's will Graydon put on the cover in 2004, one wonders, first Viggo , now Gwynnie -- who's next, urlLink Eve ? No, no ... Somehow ... ah?... no ) covergirl was telling tales out of school, I realized, hey ... Gwyneth is just following the precepts of her alma mater, The Spence School ! Charmed, I'm sure. Check out the mission of that infamous incubator of frosty Manhattan blondes who wouldn't give you the time of day back in the day (maybe that was just me at the UN School missing out on the frosty blonde sensation, perhaps?), the elite, the posh urlLink Spence School : " urlLink Spence is a small supportive community where the contributions of every student are valued. Each student is challenged to reach her full potential in an atmosphere that fosters self-confidence and a spirit of cooperation. From the Library Media Center to the office of the College Counselor, students at all levels receive individual attention and are encouraged to develop their unique talents and to become independent thinkers." So no -- It's not about the crappy film urlLink Plath , my little pomegranates, it's not even really about the seriously sucky performance in urlLink Duets , it's all about Gwynnie's potential being filled. You know the benjamins, the baby, the VF cover: you go Gwynnie ... you exhaust that Spence potential: gimme a G! (no, really , Gwynnie, a G-note would really go a long way in Cutty Sarks ) Now you know; you better recognize . Basta!

 Katherine Harris Wants It ... And She Wants It Bad The cosmetically-challenged former realtor and Florida Secretary of State as well as the current Congresswoman from the 13th District of Florida, urlLink Katherine Harris , wants retiring Senator (and Vice Presidential piner) urlLink Bob Graham's seat (no pun intended). She wants it urlLink so bad . The former realtor married a rich sugardaddy, businessman Anders Ebbeson and by December 1999 listed her net worth as more than $6.5 million. I'll just let that sentence percolate in the blogosphere for a moment. Ahh . Anyhoo : All the way in New York City I can feel the burning embers of her smouldering ambition. The former realtor wants a career upgrade ... like, now ! Then again, to be fair, the American Senate has always been made up of such busywork of the ambitious on their way onto the pages of history. I mean urlLink who else could plausibly turn a backwater position like the Secretary of the State of Florida into a Congressional seat, then a credible Senate run within just 4 years -- fucking amazing! --- against the wishes of the president she so hastily put into power feuled by an ambition that makes urlLink Livia Drusilla look like the urlLink civilian women who have given their lives in the Iraqi conflict . And we won't even talk about the urlLink voter rolls in Florida ... that would be naive ... pedestrian even ... why bring such outmoded moralities up to a woman so strong in Machiavellian urlLink virtu and fortuna , with, better yet, a steady hand in negotiating that rickety social ladder that is our nation's capitol. Harris is the Sir Edmund Hillary of social climbers. And such luck ! Her fortuna is indeed formidable ! Her position as Secretary of State was largely ceremonial -- she pretty much looked after cultural institions and public papers while in office -- and it was about to be abolished when she finished her term, in 2003. That might explain how manic she looked with urlLink that pen signing over the election to the President, no Supreme Court (why should they get the glory?), just Katherine -- just ... Katherine . Of course, ultimately the Supreme Court made the final call. Imagine the cheek . The Supreme Court deemed to supplant the role of Kathy and her nimble, overfast and mighty pen! Granted , Bob Graham's double-barrelled lock on the Dems Veep slot and his shameless campaign for that position is legendary (what the fuck is it about Florida? Is it the citrus combined with the tropical heat that feuls such caustic ambition in it's inhabitants?). But Katherine Harris' lust for power is unprecedented in scope in that it flies in the face of a Presidential urlLink no . Actually ... more than a no : The New York Times reported that urlLink The White House advisors shuddered . And, let me tells you, my little pomegranates, it takes a whole truckload of moxy to make urlLink Karl Rove do a heebie jeebie dance . And you can tell from the President's Immigration speech, that he, unlike Clinton, does not play politics with votes. In that vain, Bush hand picked urlLink HUD Secretary Martinez to fetch that errant Florida Senate seat , and he looked like he would win. Until now . Everything was stable, solid even, until someone invited Katherine Harris' fucking ambition into the room. Then everything went urlLink Mariah . Harris is, to put it mildly, a lightening rod . She is the urlLink Platonic eidos of polarization. Her candidacy -- should she win the spot -- would electrify the pro-Dean anti-Bushites, the African Americans who were excluded from the voter rolls, the Jewish voters who somehow cast their lots with urlLink anti-Semite Pat Buchanan , and the urlLink Al Gore crew . Katherine Harris would probably tear this country apart if it meant she could rise one step higher on the social ladder. The Corsair deems her dangerous (puffs out his chest and struts around the blogosphere acting all moral, imagining himself a To m Paine and what not)! My guess is that the Bushies will offer her royal citrus an ambassadorship to some place ritzy (we hear she likes Madrid and Geneva, although a nice South American vaca-ambassadorship might help her in future Sunshine State elections con the latino vote) so she will be out of their hair. If not, look for another ultra-polarizing election season. What ever

 Richard Johnson at 50 Our favorite Capricorn, Richard Johnson , editor of urlLink Page Six , is celebrating the big 50 January 15th. The Corsair can still remember the first time he met Richard at Elaine's . It was at a dinner being given by that most excellent Greek millionaire Taki Theodoropoulos , for, of all people, former weapons inspector and internet child predator, Scott Ritter (that's actually my fault and it's a long story best saved for another time). Some foolish guest actually didn't know who Richard was, and before he could answer I answered for him, instinctively, with some wonder in my voice, "That's Richard Johnson ." Nods were then exchanged between he and I. He's old school like that. We have exchanged emails since then and I made an appearance as a boldfaced name in Page Six once. It was a swishy achievement. I didn't even know until early in the morning a close friend woke me up screaming at me over the phone, "Ron! You're in Page Six!!" And so I was. urlLink So, Richard is turning 50 . What can one give to the man who has everything? Keep on keeping on, Richard. Page Six is the most important purveyor of entertainment news and the herald of the Age of Shadenfreude. And those successes depend entirely upon you and your merry band of Sixers.

 Musto's Blind Item Bonanza All over New York people are trying to decode the brilliant Michael Musto's spectacular urlLink blind item feast for gossip hungry eyes . Even Oedipus Rex couldn't solve some of these cryptic riddles, but that doesn't make them any less intriguing or entertaining. Like this: "Which scandal lady broke up with that incendiary actor partly because he was desperate to have group scenes involving him, her, and hookers, who he wanted to ram dildos up his ..." Would that be Heidi Fleiss and Tom Sizemore ? I don't know. But I'm hooked on Musto's phonics. More: "Which mega-entertainer slept with that music mogul along the way, thus guaranteeing a much needed early career boost?" Who would that be? Pink and LA Reid ? Whitney and Clive Davis ? Michael Jackson and David Geffen ? Damon Dash and Beyonce ? Enquiring minds want to know. But then again, we realize why we can't . If Michael Musto actually filled in the blanks for us, aside from depriving us of many hours of fun, he would get into trouble with all the stars and their publicists and their lawyers. And we need our weekly dose of Musto.

 How Much Does George Will Suck? Oh lord, does urlLink George Will suck. (raises his hands to the heavens and becons into the sky) It's that pedantic tone, that weak chin, those geeky spectacles, the endless hours of television and inky moralizing , that haircut just asking for a mussing -- where does urlLink one begin ? And where does it end? The icahbod crane-like torso, the boorish references to Hegel and Plato in 750 word columns. (averted gaze) The greatest mistake anyone could make in this age is to set themselves up in this society as the public scold, the moralizer in chief . Ask Bill Bennett. It never works. Sure you make a lot of money at the outset ... but the shadenfreude factor is impossibly high. Our historical lust for a Puritainical archetype is almost as strong as the natural desire in democracy to level such an ass. So when George Will went out of his way to defend Lord Conrad Black , without even simply disclosing urlLink his financial relationship to his benefactor , all sorts of red lights went off. And George Will got bitchslapped. And rightly so . "My business is my business. Got it?" said Georgie to The New York Times when asked why he didn't talk about the thousands of Black dollars padding his bank account. $25,000 for a day of conversation the board of advisers for Hollinger International urlLink is high by anyone's accounts .

 Tim Robbins Vs. Tucker Carlson? In this month's urlLink InStyle Magazine , tough guy lefty Tim Robbins does his best to appear all lighthearted and superficial. I mean, what better place to look vapid and harmless than in InStyle, which features, among other things, serious discussion about "Cindy Crawford's smouldering glam eye makeup" and "Colorful Yoga Bags." What the fuck?! Anyhoo: The Timster almost pulls it off. Almost . The thimble deep magazine has the timerity to asks him about bowties ... and something goes horribly awry. Never ask Tim Robbins about bowties. He gets emotional . Gauntlets are thrown. See for yourself: Tim Robbins : Bowties are for waiters Robin Sayers : That's not what (Crossfire's) Tucker Carlson thinks. Tim Robbins : Tucker Carlson can kiss my ass.

 More Predictions Before this year really gets under way, let me fire off some more predictions on the record: Howard Stern will not renew his radio contract. Instead, he will become CBS' Barbara Walters , doing interviews with treain wrecks, like, say, Heidi Fleiss or Paris Hilton . The CBS Entertainment division will pay the subjects a la "checkbook journalism." The show will come on periodically, called "Howard Stern Interviews ..." The infamously clumsy Will Smith will memorably trip and fall down at The Oscars. Sarah Jessica Parker will get an Oprah-like syndicated talk show aimed at the hip young woman. The show will feature and be supported inordinately by the fashion houses. P Diddy will run for NY mayor as an independent and Russell Simmons will signal a willingness to run as an independent for Governor, staring off a new volley of urlLink celebrity politicians . Pakistani leader Musharraf will be assasinated. Osama Bin Laden will make Pakistan the next frontier in the US War on Terror. India will become our new close ally in the war. As a result, Indian fashion, food and music will undergo a rennaisance in the US just as British culture did immediately following 9-11. India comes into its own in 2004. Justin Timberlake will marry Cameron Diaz and Al Greene will perform the cermony as well as sing. Tony Blair will be forced to step down. Britain will face a year of upheval as Prince Charles declines the crown amid scandal over Diana's death, making way for William to become King. We will all be quoting lines from Donald Trump's urlLink Apprentice show for much of the early part of 2004. Alec Baldwin and Richard Johnson will fight -- celebrity boxing style -- in a charity event benefitting Breast Cancer. The Page Six editor will clean The Bloviator's clock. And urlLink the Bassinger-Baldwin divorce will become the latest acrimonious slice o shadenfreude to clutter the media landscape. urlLink Giselle Bundchen will dump Leo for Ashton .

 60 Minutes versus The New York Times What happens when an irresistable force meets an immovable object? And, no , I am not talking about Tara Reid at last call either, smartypants. Well, the cornerstone of television magazine journalism, 60 Minutes , is going up against the most respected newspaper in the world, that old grey lady, The New York Times , whose petticoats have been ruffled as of late, by one randy reporter, one Jayson Blair . Now, as if that isn't a battle royale in and of itself -- 60 Minutes versus The Old Gray Lady -- throw in Michael Jackson , arguably the centerpiece of the biggest celebrity scandal in the world. Everyone's favorite freak of the week. Now we're talking rasslin . Someone pull Vince McMahon from his hairdresser. This megabattle all has to do with the blurring of the lines of news and entertainment (a practice in which I, as a blogger, am enthusiastically engaged). It is considered louche -- no, strike that unethical -- for a journo to pay for an interview. To be goddam frank here (and when am I not? when am I franchesca?) This is a real 3am in the morning C-Span kind of distinction (hey, don't look at me that way, I ran out of urlLink Nyquil ). I mean, in the grand scheme of things, does it really matter if a news organization pays for an interview, so long as the content of the interview is accurate and compelling? Fuck (puffs out chest and acts self important as he discourses on media ethics). So, in keeping in that sacred Rembrandtian light, urlLink Don Hewett , the patron saint of "journalism" has said of that December article by NY Times reporter urlLink Sharon Waxman , in an article by urlLink USA Today reported Peter Johnson : '''I can tell you categorically that we at 60 Minutes did not pay Michael Jackson one cent.' Asked if another CBS division paid Jackson -- which is what the Times alleged -- Hewitt responded, 'Was the deal sweetened? To the best of my knowledge, it was not.''' Translation : Another CBS division possibly-probably made some sort of payment or "benefit" to Jacko to talk about feces covered jailhouse bathrooms on national tv. But Saint Hewett didn't know about it, so he is still on the road to canonization. Nice covering your ass, Donnie boy. Anyhoo: urlLink Peter Johnson's story continues: "CBS chief Leslie Moonves , who oversees both the entertainment and news divisions, did not return a phone call Monday. Hewitt's boss, CBS News president Andrew Heyward , referred a reporter to an earlier statement by CBS that the network does not pay for interviews." You can see the network suits scrambling to cover themselves. Note the echo of the cloven hoofs as they traipse across the media landscape! The story goes further: "The Times said Monday it stands by the Dec. 30 article by reporter Sharon Waxman . 'Our story was balanced and accurate,' spokesman Toby Usnik said. 'CBS' position was set out fully.' Waxman could not be reached but has said that her reporting was accurate. "Waxman's story, that Jackson was paid by CBS Entertainment and not 60 Minutes, thereby allowing CBS News to maintain it does not pay for interviews, prompted intense criticism of the network." Okay, now that that's settled, urlLink Fox News gets into the mix in the form of that jolly gossiper Roger Friedman . urlLink Page Six calls it the first media feud of the new year! Friedman writes in his December 30 column: "It must have been exhausting for the New York Times' Sharon Waxman to write her Michael Jackson story published in Tuesday's issue. "This required reading all of our columns about the Nation of Islam's influence over Jackson and then reconfiguring them to seem like they were new." Ouch . If this were the eighteenth century, that would be like smacking her in the face with an ermine glove and demanding satisfaction. That would be like spilling Tara Reid's vodka and cranberry drink. Anyway, The Corsair will keep you updated.

 The Zenith of the 80s "Riding his bike in the pouring rain to a delightful uptown (DC) dinner party, ( Emilio Estevez ) presses his soaked nose to the windowpane, sucking in every inch of ( Andy McDowell's ) coltish beauty. Unable to restrain himself, he crashes the do, squelches in and approaches (her). She turns and drawls, 'How are yew?' His agonized reply: 'I'm obsessed, thank you very much.' urlLink Figuring she's the kind of gal who's turned on by a high roller, he uses the home of the Korean lobbyist he's working for to throw a loud, lurid party in her honor. When she fails to show, he tracks her all the way to a ski lodge where she's, of course, weekending with a concerned medic. She tries to let him down gently, saying she's flattered, whereupon he grabs her and lays a big deep sucking kiss on her. "This has the effect of transferring his infatuation. She's left shivering in the snow, her womanhood awakened. He speeds off whooping and punching the air in triumph." Jonathan Bernstein , urlLink Pretty in Pink .

 Steff : My best friend's conversing with a mutant ... it's your life, it's none of my business. Blaine : You really don't think she's got something ? Steff : No, I really don't.

 What About Nicole Kidman? Here's an interesting interview of Lenny Kravitz , the hypocrite playa and fragrant rocker, done by one Knox Robinson in the book The Black Experience in Rock and Roll. It goes: "I've always done what's honest, what's real to me. I've never tried to follow something to have success. And I guess that can be tempting, you know. With artists sometimes being forced to think ' well this is happening right now, I kind of better go that way.' But no, I guess I've always done what I felt. I've never wanted to follow anything; I just wanted to express myself."

 A Vanity Fair at Le Cirque Everyone's favorite follicle-challenged short fingered vulgarian has an interesting story in his book urlLink Trump: The Art of the Comeback , which could just as easily have been called the art of the urlLink weave . Anyhoo : The Donald sayeth: One of my most interesting Mar-a-Lago experiences involved the turmoil over Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie Presley . Michael was a friend of mine and a very good guy-- but very different. It began in New York, when I got a call from him one day, saying he would be coming to the city and would like to get together. He often called to say hello when he came to New York. This time I invited him out to Le Cirque, one of the great restaurants of New York, headed by a master, Siro Maccioni. (Michael) was very nervous about going to a restaurant; in fact, he said, he hadn't been to a restaurant in years. I found this hard to believe, but after we arrived, I could see it was true. "This was in the early 90s, at the height of the Michael Jackson madness, and I don't believe I have ever seen a star as hot as Michael was at that time. When Michael, Marla, and I walked into Le Cirque, some of the biggest people in the universe were seated having dinner. These people who have seen it all. They are rich, they are spoiled and they are snooty. I will never forget as Michael sat down in his red military outfit with a large black hat and picked up the menu. It was as if he had never seen a menu before, and we carefully went over each item. But what was most amazing were the looks on the faces of the most distinguished people in the room as they came over to our table practically begging for an autograph. "These are people who have never asked for anyones autograph before and I can guarantee you, it was not easy for them to do. They would always start by saying, I have a son who is abig fan of yours, Mr. Jackson. Could you give him an autograph? But I believe it was for them, not their sons. One woman, one of the most socially prominent women in New York, known for her attitude, approached our table, trying to look cool, then slightly tripped. She grabbed the table for support and asked in the same breath, 'Mr.Jackson can I have your autograph?' It was amazing to see this woman, who I have known for years, so flustered and nervous."

 Jason Allen Alexander's 15 Minutes Jason Allen Alexander and Britney Jean have filed for an annullment, and the guys at the urlLink Smoking Gun , as usual, have urlLink the documents if you just kind of wait for them to get it out. According to the files, there will be "no community property to divide." The document is an extant work of that most postmodernist of enterprises, the law . My favorite line, crafted with legal cunning and a tenderness for the language of love, is 16 on Page 2, which goeth: "Pursuant to NRS 125.350 there was no meeting of the minds in entering into the marriage contract and in a court of equality there is cause for declaring the contract void." No, here there was probably no meeting of the minds . Anyhoo , Little Miss Upchuck was probably sloshed , as her signature on the Marriage urlLink license suggests . Or maybe she just wanted to urlLink boost record sales in this end-of-year start-of-new-year urlLink slow news cycle . What ever .

 An Open Letter to Rapper-Actors Fellow sculptors of the spoken word lend me your ears: Last Sunday, urlLink MC Lyte told interviewer urlLink James Brown , "I wish I could write the committee that gives these rappers tv shows and tell them to stop it ... (the rappers) are horrible!" A urlLink dis , to be sure. But she has a point . You guys -- rapper/actors -- have problems with emoting . I understand the bind; one cannot show ones true feelings on the screen in public. Emotions signify vulnerability and weakness -- and weakness, in Bed Sty, means you lose cred , which means, unfortunately, you lose listeners and fans. As a result of these enforced masks, rapper-actors -- on tv and in the movies -- turn in one dimensional performances that range from the urlLink rage infused sneer of Ice Cube to, er, the urlLink rage infused staredown of Ice T . No one wants to spend ten bucks looking at an infomercial on how cool the actor is ... well, nix that ... but no one will respect that persona as an actor. Neither awards nor critical acclaim will be forthcoming . Then there is the cocky urlLink LL Cool J smirk . And what else? What other moods and emotional nuances are portrayed by the rapper actors? Granted, Will Smith was never Jay Z , but he has signalled his desire to show the full range of emotions necessary to become an A-List actor, even if it meant starring as a urlLink vulnerable young con man with identity issues . I won't talk about urlLink Bagger Vance ... ( yessum , weeza all trying ta' fuget about Bagga Vance 'roun these here parts!). You see my point? Ice T revolves around the limited roles of cop and thug, while Ice Cube eternally plays the street tough guy -- himself , essentially-- in situations, odd situations, with anacondas, or in the Persian Gulf, or some such abomination. And urlLink LL Cool J is, well, LL Cool J . What can one say about LL? urlLink Rollerball ? urlLink Toys ?! His best role was in urlLink Charlie's Angels , where he remains silent . Then there is Master G , Method Man , Redman and the rest of the up and comers, moving up the entertainment food chain -- as well they should -- from slinging CD's to gracing the screen. Even urlLink Method Man has talked about the limits of rapper actors , saying at a taping of the MTV Awards last year, "We're not Will Smiths yet." No, you guys aren't ... but the first step would be to broaden your horizons and stop limiting your performances. The colors of emotion that can be rendered in a performance -- whether in acting on screen or even in a blog -- are limited only by the imagination. I look forward to seeing Ice T playing the role of a developmentally disabled man going up against poverty in a remote New England town in an indie flic. I do ... I really really do.

 Bindi Irwin: The Other "White Meat" Everyone knows that The Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin and his wife, Terry , live an, uhm, unconventional life. The two jet-setting extreme wildlife enthusiasts -- staples of Animal Planet -- spend their lives wrestling and documenting the lives of all creatures great and small. But the recent flare up over Steve's urlLink dangling his infant newborn, Bob , is a bit much by even the standards of his fans. But the bizarre comments by Terry, who called their daughter, urlLink Bindi (incidentally, who was named after Steve's favorite Croc) have started a whole new round of headscratching. I mean, doesn't he have his work cut out for him what with rehabilitating the bad image of the tasty urlLink civet cat ? urlLink Australia's News.Com.Au reports : "Irwin and his wife Terri stunned zoo visitors again yesterday when they called their five-year-old daughter Bindi 'white meat' during a live show." "Bindi was told by her parents to enter a new enclosure, which adjoins a crocodile pen, and splash around to encourage the reptiles to swim out. A gate connecting the pool to the croc pen was closed during the show. "Mum Terri then said: 'Now flail around and look helpless, that's the girl, good girl. "'That's my girl Bindi Irwin, the other white meat.'" Hardly a mouthful for a hungry croc, little Bindi seems to be taking it all in stride. Frankly, The Corsair had thought Steve would be eaten by a feral pig before his image was tarnished, but, then, didn't you know something like this would happen to an unconventional couple in this age of shadenfreude ? Weirdness is a felony these days. Just wait till the media gets a hold of urlLink David Lynch and urlLink Johnny Depp and lawn urinator urlLink Farah Fawcett ! urlLink Nude body painting freak terrorizes Gotham ... wait till they get a load a me !

 Olivia Goldsmith, RIP "'I don't have any drugs here, not even grass!' the girl protested. Then she stepped from behind the door, though she was still in the shadow. All Sylvie could see was that she was wearing a tiny robe in some cheesy material that clung. It was white with little roses on itand showed a lot of leg. Sylvie could see her legs were good, even though her feet were stuffed into big terry cloth slippers. M. Molensky took a step and then another out of the comparative darkness of the corner by the door. Then Sylvie saw her face, while the girl, for the first time, lifted her head up and looked directly at Sylvie. For a long moment they stared at each other, face to face. "'My god' Sylvie gasped. She was staring at her own face -- but not. It was her face as it looked a decade ago. The same wide forehead, the same even brows, the same blue eyes -- even though M. Molensky's might be a darker blue. But the shape was the same. The only difference was the ten years of wrinkles missing on the girl's face. Sylvie stared at M. Molensky's nose. It was Sylvie's nose, straight and long, narrowing in the middle just a little before the nostrils flared. But again, though the nose replicated her own, the girl was missing the line that, on Sylvie's own face, ran from the outside of each nostril to the outside of her mouth. 'Marionette lines' Sylvie suddenly remembered they were called. "And their mouths! Sylvie felt hers pucker into an O of surprise as she watched M. Molensky's do the same. It was the eeriest feeling Sylvie ever experienced, like watching herself in a mirror -- but a mirror from ten years ago. They stared at one another, wordless and horrified. M. Molensky was seeing what she would become, and Sylvie was seeing what she had been. Sylvie stared at the girl's chin. Yes, she had once had a jaw that taut, a chin that smooth. It hadn't been so long ago. But time and gravity had softened everything. Instinctively, Sylvie had moved her hands to either side of her face and, resting them against her cheeks and temples, she stretched the sagging skin up, giving herself a momentary face-lift. At the same time, her twin opposite raised her own eyes and dragged her cheeks down. Bob, his betrayal and her rage flew out of her mind. All she could see was the work of Father Time. She looked not at what she had, but what she had lost. "The younger woman's eyes mirrored her own horror. In their blue depths Sylvie could see a fear as acute as the one she was experiencing. Why? Here was a girl who still had her youth and beauty. A girl, Sylvie suddenly remembered, who also has my husband, at least part time. Yet, looking at her, it was obvious that she was a sshocked and horrified as Sylvie. 'I looked like you once,' Sylvie whispered. 'Just like you,'" urlLink Switcheroo , by Olivia Goldsmith , urlLink who died yesterday night (via Gawker), after a facelift to remove skin under her neck went wrong.

 He Pushed Her! "Women like Pat Buckley tended to approach dressing as a business. Strip down to their bras and pantyhose and stand there smoking a cigarette. Pat just loved being in her pantyhose and bra.One day in the middle of a fitting, I , who was Anne Klein's husband, came by and I stuck my head out to say, 'hi, Chip.' Mrs. Buckley, naturally, wanted to know who Chip was, and I said, 'you don't know him.' And dressed like that she went to the door and said, 'hi, Chip.' A provocateur. "... I've never had as much fun with anyone in my life as I've had with Mrs. Buckley. In the first place, she makes fun of herself, which is the best kind of humor. But also, funny things happen to her that just don't happen to other people. I was in a stretch limo with her once, and as I turned to help her out -- she came out on all fours. She said, 'I can't stand up in here. So I have to come out this way.' I took her to the first Reagan inaugural; Bill Buckley was there too. We went to a party that Nancy Whitehead was giving and as we stood in the coat line, I noticed that Pat had suddenly vanished. I got up to the hat check, and there she was. She had fallen behind the counter. "I said, 'what in the world ...' "'He pushed me!' "I turned around. It was Bill Simon , the secretary of defense." urlLink Bare Blass , by Bill Blass

 The Discreet Charm of East Sussex East Sussex, baby, in the UK. That significant cultural artifact urlLink Star Magazine reports, "We already knew Johnny Depp was a Francophile, and now it's safe to call him an Anglophile too. Depp, 41, fell for a $4.7 million Georgian estate in picturesque Rye, East Sussex, during a trip to the U.K. in May, says a source." urlLink The Mirror reported on July 9th, "SEEMS Johnny Depp isn't the only celeb to have fallen in love with the picturesque village of Rye in East Sussex. "The Pirates Of The Caribbean star recently bought a house there and now we hear Brad Pitt and wife Jennifer Aniston are looking for a property there too. "Our agent tells us: 'It's a beautiful place and perfect for a couple looking to relax and get away from it all.'"The Corsair counts the minutes until the New York Times is writing a story on East Sussex, thereby officially signalling the end of that celeb trend.

 If Weblogs Were Cable Channels Lowcultuyre, one of my favorite blogs has come out with "If Weblogs were cable channels" and comparing the very cool urlLink Gothamist to urlLink NY1 (dead on), urlLink Gawker to E! , and, in that context, The Corsair to TV Guide . Shucks , we're honored. Thanks, guys!

 "It is a strange thing. Nature has conferred on woman a sacred character, to which man naturally and irresistibly pays homage, to which he renders true worship." Taki , urlLink London Spectator , January 17

 AOL Diva Rebecca Lieb of urlLink Internet.com is reporting that AOL's recently axed ad sales executive vice president, the Diva-like Lisa Brown , left her job, in part, over secret audio tapes of her erratic behavior at AOL meetings (*cue 007 music*). Lieb writes: "(Internet.com) obtained audiotapes of two meetings conducted by recently departed ad sales EVP Lisa Brown . In them, she repeatedly launches into obscenity-laced tirades, personally insults senior executives in her group, and at one point, pounds her shoe on the table, Khrushchev-style, when a creative director from a longtime AOL vendor speaks out of turn." Khrushchev-style , huh? Funny. Maybe she just wanted attention, like urlLink Vivika Fox . Apparently, though, the secret taping began when the increasingly erratic Bad Bad Brown (meaner than a junkyard dog) began contradicting instructions she herself laid out at staff meetings, thoroughly confusing the staff. A letter accompanied the tapes, Lieb writes, which: " ... complains Brown unapologetically showed up for meetings up to two and a half hours late, and complains, 'The general tenor of her behavior is filtering throughout the company. She... makes working within IM [interactive marketing] a nightmare for so many people it really needs to be dealt with.... If we lose the very very fine talents of the currently exasperated, it will be a damn shame.'" Lieb continues: "When the Wall Street Journal broke the story of Brown's departure, after only a handful of months with the company, last week, stating an 'aggressive management style soon rubbed some subordinates the wrong way,' the ad sales staff was jubilant. 'Ding-dong, the witch is dead,' crowed an IM sent from AOL's New York offices that morning." Where's the love AOL? Where's-the- love ? Very erratic.

 President Al Sharpton: The First Few Days As you can see, the progressive buildup to the Iowa caucus has thrown me off my usually sophisticated pop-culturally obsessed game, and gotten me all sexed up on politics . Blame Iowa ! Bear with me, though, my little pomegranates , I will come out of this little poly-sci funk intact and, on the other side of the caucus, back in rare form. My fascination du jour , though, if you must know, is the urlLink Reverend Al Sharpton . And why not : His campaign is quixotic, to be sure, but there is also quite a bit of pathos and some, well, humor in it. Actually, there is lots of humor in his candidacy if you know how to look. Sharpton has come away -- post SNL -- as a sort of Falstaffian American character (charicature?), more perfectly suited to Comedy Central than the rigors of the campaign trail. Perhaps he might consider following Jon Stewart , or a late night show on VH1 opposite Charlie Rose ? But all this talk of pitching Al for Prime Time is premature. Although Sharpton urlLink couldn't win DC , what's to say he's going to flame out in his other hopeful state, urlLink South Carolina . What if he were to win South Carolina by snagging the majority of black votes in a tight four way race. And : what if, say , conservatives vote for Al en masse in open primary states? And what if he won the Democratic nomination as a result of the votes of his loyalists plus those of conservative spoilers! (oh dear, I can already feel my readership beginning to snooze at the sheer geekiness of this) And then , what if -- just bear with me, now -- what if : Al went on to win the Presidency, buoyed by the drunken frat boy vote as well as merry pranksters across the country who want to see The Grand Old Party become, well, a par-tay . Isn't humor ultimately more attractive to the masses? I mean, would you really rather hang out with Jim Carrey and David Chapelle or Paul O'Neill and Pat Buchanan , hmm ? Highly implausible , you say to a Reverend President Al Sharpton . Well, I agree. But what if ... what if ... (dream sequence music trails off into ...) January 20, 2005 : A visibly distraught Chief Justice Rehnquist administers the oath of office to Reverend Al Sharpton , who becomes the 44th President of the United States. Immediately following the swearing in, Rehnquist has, simultaneously , a nervous breakdown and a stroke at urlLink the thought of an African American President. At the inaugural ball, Rehnquist exhibits a spastic rigor in his dance (" his freaky stylee ," would be inaugural invitee Coolio's take on the spectacle in the next day's Washington Post ) that was generally taken to be a result of drunken revelry. Only later, after the last dance as Rehquist writhed on the floor, did attendees realize that The Ren had not actually been engaged in highly elaborate breakdancing maneuvers, but was, indeed, in a perilous plight. Sandra Day O'Connor would sum up the majority opinion in the New York Times by observing, solemnly, "all involved didn't know the seriousness of the matter. We believed that he had passed the bar ... about six or seven times too many." James Brown performs " urlLink Hot Pants " instead of the traditional "hail to the Chief." January 22, 2005 : The Andrew Jacksonesque populist appoints Richard Simmons as Surgeon General and Chairman of the President's Council of Physical Fitness . Immediately following, Simmons, The Reverend President and the Religious Right form a joint task force on fundamentalism and excercise called, Sweatin' to the Holies . Instead of the partisan Republican Prayer Breakfasts, Democrats and Republicans seeking early morning face time with the President must excercise to gospel and Christian Contemporary hits while being prodded on by Surgeon General Simmons . The President notes: there will be no breaking of bread ... too many carbs ... we are all on Atkins , you know. January 24, 2005 : The Godfather of Soul is appointed Ambassador to the Holy See. "The Pope can no longer call us a nation turning it's back on its soul anymore," the President quips. February 1, 2005: The President recieves a delegation of Hindi Ascetics, but after, rather pornographically , mispronouncing their religious title, the " fakirs ," who have lived a life devoted to peace, abruptly exit the Oval Office in a swarm of obscenities and curses involving the President's mother. February 2, 2005: Tina Brown officially begins sucking up to the new President. Or something along those lines . How fun would a Reverend Al Presidency be?

 Memo From Dick Gephardt to Staff Dear Staff: First off, I would like to thank you for your unwaivering support in these last days leading up to the crucial Iowa primary that will make or break my Presidential campaign. Now to the point of this memo . While I am painfully aware that a Gephardt campaign does not relay the same social cachet as most of the other Democratic campaigns, or more particularly, for that matter, the Clark run, I am a bit disappointed that we have not shored up a number of key endorsements. Sure, if you want to hear urlLink Madonna extol the virtues of Kabbala bracelets , or Christopher Guest , you go to see Wesley Clark . And if you want to hear solid discourse on NAFTA and the history of organized labor in the Midwest , then you come see me. And if you want to see Martin Sheen and Susan Sarandon and Michael Douglas -- those glamour pusses -- then you go to sign up for urlLink Dean's campaign . But if you want to hear bold ideas on Universal Pensions and an International Minimum Wage , come on down, urlLink you are welcome here . And if you want Ashton Kutcher , then your punk is John Edwards . But if you're worried about getting urlLink punked by the privatization of Social Security , heck, I'm your man . Uma Thurman and urlLink Jamie Lee Curtis ? urlLink John Kerry . Uma wouldn't have gotten all mussed up by urlLink Bill and the Divas if we had had urlLink vigorously enforced gun safety laws . Even Dennis Kucinich has urlLink Willie Nelson , and Danny Glover . Well, even old Willie can't smoke me out on my commitment to, uhm, urlLink agriculture . While we have racked up impressive endorsements from prominent celebrities like urlLink Barry Manilow , urlLink Tony Bennett and urlLink Michael Bolton , we must keep up the pressure. Stars influence decisions, just ask urlLink Walter Mercado ! And when it comes to decision time, I want Iowan votes. Has anyone put in a call to urlLink Spandau Ballet ? De xy's Midnight Runners might be a good group to get on the horn. I'd imagine a rousing performance of Come on Eileen might go over well in those critical Southern primaries. And what of urlLink Berlin ? They urlLink take my breath away , and I'm sure Air Force Academy cadets nostalgic over Maverick's Top Gun will do a do a 4G negative dive over those fellas. What I'm saying is get to it , guys, these are the last days, and we need C Listers . Thanks, Dick

 The Penn is Mightier than the Scimetar Apparently the Penn is mightier than the urlLink scimetar ... The SEAN PENN ! You better recognize , readers, the man who tied ... allegedly tied Madonna to a chair and walked away. urlLink American Spirits are wacky cigarettes ... ask Sean. Anyhoo : Beat-poet wannabe extraordinaire Sean Penn ( no , not Johnny Depp ) pens the second part of his long-awaited freelance report on Iraq for the urlLink San Fransisco Chronicle . As expected, the report reads like Jack Kerouac doing melodrama (which is, I guess, Jack London ) and, to borrow from alleged swindler Martha Stewart ... that's a good thing . Oh, how good for the shadenfreude : "As darkness descends, the sound of gunshots intensifies. On this night I'm determined to make my way across town to meet with Rob Collier of The Chronicle . ( The Corsair sits close to screen, lotus-style, munching salt free popcorn, fascinated , yet simultaneously trying to concentrate on the urlLink Diamond Sutra ) "My taxi arrives at about 9 p.m., and one of the staff of the urlLink Institute for War and Peace Reporting gives the Arabic-speaking cabdriver directions to the restaurant where I'm to meet with Collier (I'll get a goddamn lamb chop yet). I grab my video camera, slip the button to 'night shot,' and my driver and I hit the road." Lambchops notwithstanding , Our Man Penn's straightforward fly-on-the-wall reportage style gets into some ointment, Baathist -style (no doubt, checkit): "As I am about to shut off the camera, I sense a bright light over my right shoulder. Keeping the camera to my eye, I pan past the windshield to where on the right shoulder, six armed Iraqis mill about beside a sandbag- fortified position, housing a long-gunner in front of a nondescript building. We are moving into some traffic as I pan the camera through the passenger-side window. One of the armed men screams something in Arabic at me and raises his rifle toward my camera. We are suddenly stuck in traffic." ( The Corsair inches closer, curiosity piqued ) Sean continues: "I switch off the camera and drop it at my feet as more rifles and voices rise and move toward us. I suddenly fear that my driver might attempt to accelerate and somehow escape. Every instinct tells me that the soldiers would fire on us if he did. I know he doesn't speak English, so I use the universal, 'Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!'" Whoa! What the fuck? Penn is quoting urlLink Jeff Spicoli in a life-death Mujehadein situation? Is that a method actor or what? Dedication: thy name is Sean. Seriously, though : You mean that wannabe Beat writer Sean Penn is really in the thick of things? Okay, now let's get back to the narrative ... armed Arabic-speaking men are approaching the papparazzi-puncher. He tells his driver to whoa , and not gun the accelerator: "(The driver) whoas and we are surrounded at gunpoint by six guards as they pull us from the taxi. There is a lot of shouting, and my driver looks frightened. We are ushered out of the illuminated area of the street and now, standing in a darkened Baghdad alley, my legs spread, arms extended, I am circled by six leather-jacketed Iraqis, their Kalashnikov rifles trained on me. "Here is what comes to my mind: 'Dear Phil Bronstein , please accept my formal resignation from journalism. My understanding is that Giorgio Armani is sending a new linen suit to my California home, and I would like to supply it a body as intact as possible, as the suit is tailored. P.S.: I miss lamb chops.' " Fucking Phil Bronstein ! Mr. Sharon Stone .( The Corsair tosses his empty bag of popcorn in the air) I knew it . It was the macho that hit me as the tip off. Every wanna be tough guy journo is seperated from Phil Bronstein by Six Degrees! But I digress. You have to read this account. urlLink It's actually really interesting if you can suspend judgement.

 Al Gore's Tin Ear Now look, I believe in the case for urlLink global warming . The Corsair is not some crazy Evangelical with a witch-doctorate from urlLink Bob Jones U shouting "blashemy!" against science and the laws of nature . I am not Rush Limbaugh . The Corsair is a pretty even-handed guy who likes to refer to himself as a pirate in the third person . *Ahem* That having been said: I believe that the rising in the Global mean of the sea level is sufficient to prove that greenhouse emissions have increased as a result of aggressive human industrial activity in the last two centuries. (So there all of you who thought I was shallow ...;) But good politics is one part visionary idealism and one part sceptical realism (throw in blind luck there for good measure, my little pommies ). Al Gore appears to be trying to gain ground in his vision quest after that disaster of a Presidential campaign in which he had Naomi Wolf dressing him in neutral earth tones urlLink trying to be an alpha male . Al Gore also doesn't seem to have much of that aforementioned blind luck category, no ? But urlLink Al Gore is psycho to deliver his Global Warming speech in New York on a fuckingfrigid! day like today. No punch lines, no jokes, just scorn (averted gaze). Al ... like, couldn't you have scheduled the speech in San Fransisco ? Or even Atlanta ? Sheesh. Ares men are like urlLink Don Quiote's rearin for the good fight while subtly sabotaging their own efforts in the process. And a little Don Q for the Goremeister: "'Look, your worship,'' said Sancho . 'What we see there are not giants but windmills, and what seem to be their arms are the vanes that turned by the wind make the millstone go." "'It is easy to see,' replied Don Quixote , 'that you are not used to this business of adventures. Those are giants, and if you are afraid, away with you out of here and betake yourself to prayer, while I engage them in fierce and unequal combat. "So saying, he gave the spur to his steed Rocinante , heedless of the cries his squire Sancho sent after him, warning him that most certainly they were windmills and not giants he was going to attack." Update : urlLink The Lowdown .

 Supermodels Are Mean Or, It's Gettin Hot in Herre ... " Calvin (Klein) showed up ... He kept telling me how hot I looked. Fabulous . Yummy . And I did look hot. I was wearing a beautiful Sonya Rykiel cashmere dress, with pearls, and my hair was fucking perfect. Just thinking about it now makes me hot. Excuse me for a moment! ... "So, where was I? Oh right. -- in Steve (Rubell's) office, with Calvin and Iman . And Calvin invites us back to his place. And we score a cab on 54th and get dropped at his Upper East Side apartment. And up we go. And Calvin makes us drinks and he keeps ogling me and saying, 'you look hot Janice. No, seriously . Really hot. I mean, hot .' "And Iman says, I think she gets it, Calvin.' "And Calvin leaves the room and comes back a few moments later, having slipped out of his pants, to get comfortable. So now he's sitting there in a boxy silk shirt and no pants and Fruit-of-the-Loom underwear and fucking knee socks. It was bizarre. Maybe he thought he looked hot. So I told him, 'You look really hot, Calvin. I mean, hot . I love the socks.'" Janice Dickinson , urlLink No Lifeguard on Duty

 The Apprentice? No ... The Cheapskate Now I know that a certain amount of readers (free marketers and Ayn Rand afficionados) will fault this post, and I accept your scorn, my little pomegranates, but, dammit , if the guys at urlLink TheSmokingGun feel it is worthy, then -- well -- so do I . Donald Trump is, quite frankly, a cheapskate when urlLink it comes to charity . Sure, you are right , The Trumper doesn't have to give a goddamned penny , but he does, through the Trump Foundation -- $287,000 in 2002. So, doesn't that make him Top Drawer? Well, no. That amount is nothing, absolutely nothing compared to, say, the $5 million that his poorer archrival Leona Helmsley gave to the urlLink 9-11 Fund , or even the urlLink $1 million that Dr. Dre gave , and he is nowhere near as rich as The Trumper (who is rumored to be worth in the ten figure range). What's also interesting are the charities he supports. Trup gave $10,000 -- a drop in the bucket, to be sure -- to The Metropolitain Golf Foundation ( four !"), but only $1,000 each to the urlLink United Cerebral Palsy of New York City and the urlLink Leukemia and Lymphoma Society . Glad to see he has his priorities straight. Trump did, however, find time to give a heapin' $58,000 to the Police Athletic League in 2002. Trumper also gave $3500 to the PAL Woman of the Year and $10,125 to the New York City Police Foundation . Hmmm ... do we sense a theme emerging here? I don't want to say it out loud, but I think you get my drift on where I am going with this. Let's just say that solicitors for donations from Trump are best served by adding the word "police" to their pitch. Not that there is anything wrong with that (*looks around uneasily*). Way to bread your butter , Trumpster. My guess is that if any celebrity scandal touches the short fingered barbarian, he will get the nicest cell in the joint.

 Phil Bronstein Wants $1 Million From Sharon Stone Phil Bronstein , aka, Mr. Sharon Stone is not a himbo ; he's just a macho editor in need of some of his wife's financial, uh, ahem, scrilla . *coughs*" wussy "*coughs* urlLink Star Magazine's Jennifer Pearson reports that the preferred snack of urlLink Komodo Dragons everywhere, Phil Bronstein , "executive vice president and editor of the San Francisco Chronicle -- is reportedly demanding $1 million in spousal support, as is reportedly stipulated in their 1998 prenuptial agreement. (At the time, Sharon was worth $11 million.)" The article continues: "'Sharon thinks it's really pathetic of Phil and believes he just wants to assert some sort of control,' says one close friend. 'It's become a power play. But I don't think Sharon is going to give Phil anything willingly.'" And concludes: "According to another source, Phil has tried to reach a truce with Sharon, even going so far as to buy her an antique necklace for Christmas. 'It was his way of saying a divorce doesn't have to mean the end of civility. I don't think Sharon got Phil anything.'" Mmm- hmmm . Odd and interesting as all that is, The Corsair is still reeling from that wierd Komodo Dragon incident where Stone watched in horror as her hubby's toe was mangled by the man-eating reptile. Here is an account taken from the urlLink Japan Today (of all places) dated June 25, 2001: "The reptile keeper's version of the dragon attack differs from accounts offered by Bronstein and Stone, which credited Bronstein with besting the 4-year-old, 24 kg Indonesian monitor lizard. "Bronstein's own newspaper, in its June 14 account of the incident, said the editor 'slammed his foot down, anchoring the dragon's lower jaw to the ground .... Bronstein pried the dragon's upper jaw off his foot, hobbled away and dived for the door.' "The official zoo report also gave a slightly )ed note: italics mine) different version of Stone's role. While crediting the movie star with using a sock tourniquet to staunch the bleeding from her husband's toe, they said she then stepped out of the enclosure to make cell phone calls to relatives. "'She was hysterical,' Genie Vasels , an official from the Greater Los Angeles Zoo Association , the fund-raising arm of the zoo, said in her written account. 'I tried to calm her down. She said that the bite was bad, down to the bone.' "The zoo said the general curator, Michael Dee , then called for an ambulance as zoo workers applied ice packs. "'He looked scared and pale,' Vasels said of Bronstein." And now he wants alimony ? *coughs*wuss*coughs* Wasn't the tourniquet enough, tough guy ?

 Don't Shake His Shortfingered Hand! In the January 14 edition of urlLink Star Magazine , Victoria Gotti , daughter of former mob boss and hip hop icon, John Gotti , pastes together some interesting quotes from Donald Trump on his favorite subject, namely, himself (who else, my little pomegranate). Part the first : In which we learn the folicle-challenged capitalist tool, for example, doesn't like the handshake: "I'm not a big fan of the handshake ... I think it's barbaric, shaking hands, you catch colds, you catch the flu, you catch all sorts of things." Further strong opinions, a la the Trumper , check urlLink here .

 Spaulding Gray vs. Old Gray Lady Missing spoken Word Artist Spaulding Gray seems sadly to be following the route of other porn performers. What? You mean you didn't know that Gray was, uh, involved at one time in two porn films? urlLink The Farmer's Daughter and urlLink The Opening of Misty Beethoven . Now the urlLink merry band of Sixers at the NY Post report that the missing Spaulding's family is upset that the Old Gray Lady fucked up once again, printing his home address: "Times spokeswoman Catherine Mathis responded, 'We indeed published Gray's home address, through an oversight. Our usual practice is to mention the neighborhood in more general terms. We did not send reporters to any school attended by Gray's children, and none of our people approached his therapist. We hope no one outside our employ invoked our name falsely.'" Is that all you hope, guys? Oh it's all about the Old Gray Lady , now, isn't it. (averted gaze)

 Drudge on Monday's Bush in 30 Seconds Awards Look at The Harlequins ! That was the title of a hauntingly beautiful work by the now-forgotten novelist-poet Vladimir Nabokov (United States of Amnesia?) that from time to time breezily wafts in and out of my consciousness like that elegant Russians beloved butterflies, or, ven more oddly,like the melodies from the antique music boxes that cluttered my childhood. Anyhoo : Matt Drudge is drawing our attention once again to those waifish clowns, our harlequins, and he's armed with transcripts -- transcripts !, like urlLink The Church Lady spazzing out on java, with an --" Isn't that special ?" -- at the ready ... Our Matty Boy . urlLink Matt Drudge has some of the transcripts of Monday night's event for urlLink Moveon.org's Bush in 30 Seconds Contest that is sure to catch the attention of tommorrow's tabloids. Included among the banter of the left-leaning comedians (operative word here, Matty, is comedians ) is the charming if ... politically overagressive ... Margaret Cho , who urlLink I have interviewed in the past , and who happens to say some of the more outrageous things (nooo ... you don't say ), for example: "Despite all of this stupid bullshit that the Republican National Committee, or whatever the fuck they call them, that they were saying that they're all angry about how two of these ads were comparing Bush to Hitler ? I mean, out of thousands of submissions, they find two. They're like fu--ing looking for Hitler in a (haystack). You now? I mean, George Bush is not Hitler. He would be if he fucking applied himself. (big, extended applause) ... I mean he just isn't ." Good to know , Margaret. And: "... They could have moved the Ten Commandments to Bush's office -- which he needs them, desperately. Or maybe he needs a new version of the Ten Commandments -- George W. Bush's Ten Commandments : Thou shalt not steal... votes . (big applause) Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's... country . (big applause) Thou shalt not kill... for oil . (big applause) Thou shalt not take grammar... in vain . (big applause) I mean, whatever fucking happened to separation of church and state? I mean, you can't like, impose your god on my god. God has many names. God is God , God is Jehovah , God is Allah , God is Buddah , God is Beyonce . (laughter)" Drudge also drudges up harmless quotes from obscure rapper Chuck D : "Son of a Bush and his crew is at it again, because, we do not want 8 years run by a Colon , a Bush and a Dick ." (big applause) Finally , the terminally unfunny jerk Al Franken rounds out this urlLink cast : "I'm Al Franken . I'm here to present the funniest ad award. I'm a last-minute substitution, former Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill was supposed to be the presenter, but unfortunately he was murdered." Funny, Al: How could urlLink Stuart Smiley have tanked with oh-so-swiftly crafted lines like that? The Corsair would like to ask the near-hysterical Matt Drudge (he has the vapors ) if he doesn't realize that these are comedians and one bitter rapper who lost his spot at the top for coining anti-semitic lines. Is it just a slow news day in Miami , Matt? In America, one is entitled to say whatever one wants to his or her heart's content assuming, of course, that said content does not include yelling fire in a crowded movie theater, or that sort of thing. Besides , what kind of a threat do these guys pose to warrant top billing on the Drudge Report? Alas, the country is growing more and more polarized, tragically, between the comedians and the evangelicals -- who also sometimes moonlight as clowns. Someone call David Brooks , fast ! I need this situation clarified for me in a manner as only his soothing prose can do.

 Britney on Justin? Young love ... there's nothing like it. And when it goes wrong, young hearts turn bitter. First Justin whined about Britney in Cry Me A River, now, it appears, Britney strikes back in the sure to get attention move (Mommy Madonna taught her well about PR), called urlLink Toxic . Does she really want to poison her cheating ex? And if she were to procure such a potion, wouldn't she -- no stranger to upchucking -- have mercy on him?

 Lenny Who? Nicole Kidman is the urlLink number two money maker in Hollywood. urlLink Rich . And, in other news, Lenny Kravitz made me a nice portion of urlLink fries at McDonald's today .

 Riunite on Ice ... That's Nice Cheers to Fran Liebowitz , a urlLink Riunite on ice ... that's nice.

 CBS Afraid of Letterman? urlLink The Smoking Gun uncovers a very strange bit of gossip unrelated to the criminal court system. Apparently CBS thinks Jay Leno is a bigger draw that their own David Letterman, actually promoting the People's Choice Awards with NBC's ratings winner. That is ... until the snarky Midwesterner turned his guns on his network. Odd .

 Mickey Rourke Got Knocked the F@ck Out! God urlLink bless Page Six . Just when you thought that merry band of Sixers had forgotten the Pope of Grenwich Village for The Bloviator ... think again. Page Six reports that Rourke, who was once knocked the fuck out by real life tough guy Chuck Zito , was kayoed at Mynt nightclub in Miami. The unknown guy sent the actor "flying across the room," according to witnesses, saying he'd knock the silicone out of his face. Poor guy. Maybe he should stick to people more in his fight class, like, uhm, ex-wife urlLink Carre Otis? Or maybe this pseudo tough guys pet Chihuahua, urlLink Loki? *snicker* (ed note: This week I have a lot of work to catch up on, so the posts will be fewer, sorry about that)

 Farewell, Steve Florio Via urlLink Gawker's Choire Sicha and through the urlLink New York Times we learn that Steve Florio is stepping down as Chief Executive at Conde Nast for health reasons. "He will be succeeded by Charles H. Townsend , chief operating officer of the Advance Magazine Group, " writes David Carr , "which runs the back-office functions for Cond Nast and the other magazine groups within Advance Publications, the parent company." In honor of Florio's departure, I'd like to run a long excerpt of an interview by Ingrid Sischy which ran in urlLink Interview in November 1995 : " Steve Florio : It was right after my thirtieth birthday, at seven one morning. I've always been an early riser. The voice on the other end of the phone said, 'Is this Steve Florio?' I said yes. Then he said, 'My name is Si Newhouse .' I replied, 'Oh, yes Mr. Newhouse, I know who you are.' He said, 'I just bought a magazine called Gentlemen's Quarterly and I was wondering if you would like to come over and talk to me about being the publisher.' That was on a Wednesday. He offered me the job on Thursday and I started on Monday. All of a sudden there is this rush, and three days later your life has changed. It can be like a kind of rebirth that you didn't even realize you needed. So I worked on GQ and it was maybe the most fun that I even had in my business career. " Ingrid Sischy : When was this? "SF: This was from 1979 to 1984." The interview contniues: "SF: ... At GQ we were trying to make it more accessible to all men and the way we decided to do that was by putting personalities on the cover. I called Aaron Latham , the great writer. He had been working on a piece that was called 'The Urban Cowboy.' This was when they were making the film Urban Cowboy , with John Travolta , and I asked Aaron if he could get us John Travolta to appear for a cover shoot and he did. That was really the first such cover. We had had a couple of personalities before but this was the real beginning of the new GQ. "IS: Did the circulation change instantly, Steve? "SF: The change was amazing. That's the thing about magazines, they are much more dynamic than people give them credit for. What I think I've always been best at is understanding that magazines are not just demographic figures or circulation numbers or manufacturing or distribution budgets. Magazines are living, breathing things. When I was a salesman in the early part of my career, running around selling ad space, I very rarely used research and numbers to convince people. In my early days at Esquire (ed note: Florio used to work at Esquire) I would sit there with the marketing director or the president of a company and talk about Hemingway , about F. Scott Fitzgerald , about Tom Wolfe and the whole New journalism movement. To me it wasn't just a matter of a sale. I was getting paid to have these enormously stimulating conversations about subject matter that fascinated me. When Tom Wolfe wrote 'The last American Hero Is Junior Johnson. Yes!' about the world of automobile racing, I remember sitting down with these guys and saying to them, 'This magazine is the fastest, most beautiful boat in the world, and you guys can't drive it because you're in advertising--the editor gets to drive, but you get to go for the ride. Someone like a Tom Wolfe transports us all there. We are there, in the pit, smelling the rubber and the gasoline, and we are being entertained, while right next to the story is this ad for your product. If it's a great product and it can hold up to the stature of the magazine, and the wonderful level of writing that you find in the magazine, they're going to buy your product.' I probably had more presentations like that than on the cost per thousands, or the CPM. When I went to GQ, when it came to fashion I wasn't interested in the fact that we were showing this type of color of icon being developed in the early '80s, and they were called designers. There were people named Ralph Lauren , Calvin Klein , and Giorgio Armani who were becoming larger-than-life figures. We just touched all of this and the spark went off and we had something. "IS: What year was that? SF: I'm going to say 1980. "IS: So you were helping guide the magazine not only to the business end as publisher but also in some ways editorially as well. "SF: At that point I was. But my editorial involvement aggressively backed off when the editor that I had been working with resigned--a man named Jack Haber. After he left, Si Newhouse hired Arthur Cooper , who is still the editor. Cooper was a seasoned editor, he had worked on a number of magazines, and he told Si, 'I can't work with a thirty-year-old publisher who is also going to have editorial override. You have to give me my lead.' I agreed that he should have that because I was really flying by the seat of my pants and trying to make the magazine something, but not quite sure how to do it. Cooper came in and did a brilliant job, almost immediately. The magazine really became well-rounded in those years, and it accelerated on the business and circulations front, too. In 1984, we had a five-hundred-page increase in advertising. "IS: Did the competition try and snag you? "SF: The one offer that intrigued me the most was the Times Mirror Company because I love to sail and get out on boats, and one of their magazines was Yachting . I love to hike in the woods and they had Outdoor Life . They offered me the job as a president of the Times Mirror magazine group. I told them I just wanted to think about it for a couple of days. I flew home and went to see Si Newhouse at six one morning. At this point in my career I only used to see Mr. Newhouse maybe once or twice a year. I walked into his office and he looked up from his deck and said, 'Where?' He's been doing this a long time and he knows when something's up. I was nervous, Ingrid, I was dying, because I had had this great run at GQ, but now I was going to make a lot more dough, I was going to have even more responsibility, many magazines, not just one. I never told him what was offered to me. He said, 'Look, how would you like to be the president and chief executive of The New Yorker ?' I said, 'Mr. Newhouse The New Yorker is the greatest magazine in America, but you don't own the The New Yorker,' and he laughed and said, 'Don't ever use that sentence with me.' Eventually I spent almost a decade at The New Yorker. That, too, was just an amazing experience for me. Then on January 7, 1994, it was my first day back from my Christmas break. I got one of those early morning calls from Si Newhouse. "IS: I hope the phone is on your side of the bed and not on your wife's. "SF: (laughs) I was in the office, actually. (laughs again) Si said, 'Come on over,' and I asked, 'What should I bring?' He said, 'Nothing, just come over.' I walked over there thinking, Oh Jesus, what's going to happen? And I sat down with him and I said, 'What's up?' He said, 'Steve, I'm going to make you president of Conde Nast Publications.' Then he told me that I would have a new partner. Aside from working with [Si] every day I'd be working with James Truman . And he announced James's appointment as editorial director about a month later." Farewell Steve Florio .

 Jay McInerney at the Old Gray Lady?! urlLink The excellent gossip reporters Rush and Molloy (wouldn't the story of these guys make for a great Miramax movie? I love these two) report that Jay McInerney is in the running to do a column for that Old Gray Lady (slut!): "Most restaurants would be thrilled to have a famous name like Jay McInerney walk through the door. But what if the writer were there to pass judgement on their chicken salad for The New York Times ? "The 'Bright Lights, Big City' author is hotly rumored to be in the running to succeed the paper's just-retired restaurant critic, William (Biff) Grimes . "Grape buff McInerney has written a book about his wine cellar, and used to be urlLink the wine columnist for House and Garden magazine . " Well, here are my thoughts on Jay, dated November 19, entitled: Jay McInerney Slurps In which, young Mwangaguhunga wrote rather snarkily: "I have two recurring dream-reality issues. One is that I believe that there was a cartoon once in which Laverne and Shirley are trapped on an island with a pig as a marine sargeant. Everyone tells me there was no such thing, but I am sure it is not a dream, this was an actual cartoon . Am I going crazy? " Anyhoo: the second issue is that Jay McInerney was actually a wine columnist for House and Garden . This book of his is a collection of his columns and is urlLink surprisingly bad . "Like his mentor, Norman Mailer , McInerney thinks that because he can write he has the authority to write about anything .... anythang ... even subject matter of which he clearly has no grasp. He goes on for 278 pages -- a hellish duration, to be sure, to be trapped in the mind of an amateur -- expecting us to fork over $24.95 so that he can associate himself under the category fine wine in his own inimitable gassy verbiage. What a pedestrian technique of self; donning the garb of the oneophile without the requisite study and learning. "To know the meaning of a good belly laugh, The Corsair suggests that you read McInerney's chapter on port . His philistine take on that venerable spirit combined with his limited vocabulary only suggest that either his tastebuds never left the Bennington dining hall or his ambition just exceded his grasp of the grape. "Jay, why don't you just admit you don't know what the fuck you're talking about? " That was written back on November 19. Let's hope he has more to say on food than he had to say on wine in that godawful book way back when.

 My Eight Favorite Curmudgeons Has there ever been an African-American curmudgeon ? I mean, it's not as if taste is a matter exclusive to white men, or even metrosexuals purely. Well, if there are not, put me down as the world's first African American curmudge . And in that good old list-y curmudgeonly fashion, allow me to proffer up my list of the eight best (why ten ? ten is such a bourgois convention *sips Cutty Sark* returns snarkily again to blog): Kurt Anderson , the Elder Brother of the NY Media Corridor is a curmudgeon, to be sure. I interviewed with Kurt for a job at the late, great Inside.com -- didn't get it . Alas; no hard feelings. At the time I had just been a research editor at the then oh-so-hot Silicon Alley Reporter , and immediately following, had just been installed as Editor in Chief of a small consumer quarterly called, urlLink MacDirectory . Kurt started off the interview by asking, with only a trace of irony, "so ... what's MacDirectory ?" A smile played on his lips. Oh snap ! I got dissed by the Elder Brother of the New York Media! Then again: How cool is that? Before that, I had met him briefly as the factckecker on urlLink New York Magazine's cyber 60 issue . There I saw Kurt, the editor, at, like, 11 pm on a Thursday night as I was trying to validate all this massive data for that issue; I was pretty frazzled as, by then, I was in my mid 20s and in the whole party all night work all day thing. Kurt made me work like a Bonnie Fuller minion on that one. Ah, well, whatever does not kill one ... Nietzsche and all that . Kurt has always about him the air of high seriousness , which makes it appear as if what he's doing at the moment is the most important thing in the world. No doubt Steven Brill, who eventually purchased Inside, was caught on that disorienting roller coaster. Kurts study of sociology at Harvard plays a great part in his social smartness. Kurt is the Platonic eidos of smart as well as healthily ironic,with a cultivated aesthetic eye and, of course, everyone wants to work with him for precisely those reasons. Half of you probably found this choice interesting , while the other half are scrolling furiously down the screen looking at my other picks whispering, "thanks for sharing, Ron ." Hey, curmudgeons are notoriously self centered . My second curmudgeon is Gore Vidal , whose book Burr I have just finished after three days of sleep deprivation. American History geek that I am, I could not put that shizit down and am now, hallucinating, posting this blog before the redcoats come to do a urlLink Crispus Attucks on my fine self. And so it is with ink stained hands that I tip my Corsair tricorn pirate hat to Vidal. The Corsair had a brief phone encounter with this honorable man of letters. In 1995, while an intern at The Nation , Christopher Hitchens asked me to fax a story on Marty Peretz of the New Republic to Gore Vidal . Gore Vidal's fax was busy do I called him up to tell him it was coming through. In the background I heard voices and music, apparently Gore Vidal was having a party at his palazzo. " Pronto !" he yelled into the phone, sounding a little sloshed. I told him what was coming, he politely turned on the fax, and that was it. My brush with Vidal. At that moment my desire to be a writer in the manner of Vidal was strengthened one hundred fold. I wanted to dash off essays Montaigne -style on Art and Politics. It is unfortunate that Vidal has, of late, taken to employing such inflamatory rhetoric during this tense period in American history (note: his assertion that George Bush knew of the 9-11 attacks before hand ... yikes!). The problem with Gore Vidal is that he was born rich and has lived his life where every utterance is taken as God's word, among idolizing students, servants, Presidents ( Kennedy , Hillary ?), and socialites ( Jackie O , Eleanor Roosevelt , even Joanne Woodward ). He is for all intensive purposes the eccentric Southern Patriarch straight out of William Faulkner . We should take him at his word on Art and with a grain of salt on politics. My third favorite curmudgeon is Christopher Hitchens . I worked as Hitchens' intern at The Nation in 1995, and, over the years, he has helped me immensely. Frankly, it pisses me off when former interns or collegues attack him for his perfectly principled -- though I disagree with him -- stance on eradicating dictators through pre-emptive action. Hitchens can drink . I remember one event -- a tradition -- in which his intern is taken out to lunch. In a restaurant off of Grammercy Park, talking of classical literature and US defense spending, we drank prodigiously . Yes, The Corsair got his drink on with Hitchens and his old college buddy. We also briefly discussed the country of my descent, Uganda, which was a British colony, and it's President, a family friend, Museveni , who, although not a "small d democrat," we all agreed was good for the emerging nation. The drink bill was greater than the food bill. Afterwards, in the summer afternoon, I tried, weaving through traffic, to make my way home ("no intern has ever made it back to the office after a Hitch lunch, don't even try," said the Intern coordinator). It was harrowing . Several times The Corsair nearly lost his boozy life but I made it home and fondly remember my time working with Hitchens, a truly generous man. I remember my girlfriend wondering what the hell happened to me to be so drunk in the afternoon: did I get fired? Next up is Taki Theodoropoulos whom I met at Elaine's when I was in my mid 20s. I won a contest for Top Drawer section of the NY Press, back when the NY Press was relevant. The contest was for Man of the Year and I nominated urlLink UN arms inspector Scott Ritter , who, alas, turned out to be an urlLink internet child predator . God, how fucking embarrasing ! At Elaine's Taki introduced me to Elaine Kaufman , the owner of that media joint, Chris Buckley , who's dad almost went to my alma mater, he told me, and the arrogant Michael Mailer , of whom nothing ought to be said. Taki comes off very strongly in his columns as Eurosnobby and to the right of Pinochet, but, in real life, he is quite a character, very warm and fun loving. Like Hitchens, he loves a drink. Taki was terribly funny that day, making some very risque jokes about Bill Clinton , who, at the time, was going through Monica-gate and good cigars. Taki is also deeply literate, with a working knowledge of Pindar as well as Aeschylus , and all manner of Greek literature, Word War II arcana, history and choice tidbits of media gossip from the DC sector to Manhattan. And Taki is generous to a fault, having paid for the whole goddam party out of his own very deep Greek shipping magnate pockets. I'm talking many many thousands kept the party boozed up and in good food. Poor little Greek boy, indeed. Next up is Dick Cavett , who I am sure you will be glad to know I have never met, but I wish I had. Cavett was liberal cool before liberal cool was even that -- and even now that it isn't . He is a Master Coversationalist, able to discuss urlLink the bicameral mind theory as well as mediate the literary feud of Gore Vidal and Norman Mailer where urlLink Mailer headbutted Vidal . Pure 70s conversation: keep on truckin, Dick. There is agreat line that Cavett is said to have made at a very pretty young African American woman who was waiting to attand a taping of his show. Cavett asked her her name. "Toi," said she; "is that your name ," he deadpanned, "or your function ?" urlLink Fran Liebowitz is another formidable curmudgeon. Although she once remarked in Metropolitain Life that black men have a propensity to Strawberry Wine (who loves ya, Fran, who-loves- you ?), she was very very funny in her day. urlLink John Simon of New York Magazine is a curmudgeon who would have to be invented if he didn't indeed already exist. Once while at The Nation under an unbreakable deadline where I had to verify the spelling and history of an obscure filmmaker I was in dire straights. Who ya gonna call: John Simon ! After flattering him on an article he wrote in some Scandanavian Literary Review that I had actually read (he replied, graciously, "thank you ... thank you ... you are probably the only one who has read it."), he helped me out -- gratis . Most writers respond to such a request by saying, "well, what do I get out of it." *coughs* Fox News' Roger Friedman*coughs*" But not Simon , who rules Broadway with a nimble yet caustic pen that sports acid for ink. And when he is not loving to hate something on Broadway in the pages of newly bought New York Magazine, he is writing -- prolifically -- on art, culture, literature, opera, books ... anything . And he does it well. Excedingly well. God bless John Simon, our forgotten gem. Then there is urlLink Sandra Bernhard . She is strangely sexy and sad and acidic in her wit all at the same time. I saw her sachaying once across the way on Ludlow Street several years ago before Max Fish's lost its social cachet. There was something so touching ... so existential ... about her. She was beautiful , wearing a sleek number on her body not unlike Olive Oyl, sardonic smirk evident, aristocratic street toughness oozing out of every pore. God, she looked so fucking hot in a way that I cannot explain adequately. Hollywood has not been kind to her, despite her gutsy performance in the King of New York, and neither has Madonna , but they have, it appears, made up for all intensive purposes. Why can't she get the jump off? So there are my fave curmudgeons, not an African American among them, honorable mentions to Margaret Cho , who is young, but on her way to the top drawer, and Carrie Fisher , who has evolved from Princess Leia (sp?) into a snarky chronicler of life in Los Angeles, what city of glitz and plastic. (Ed Note: This week will be a slow week of posts, please note. Next week I will be back to my old blogging self)

 Stupid Ass of the Week: Al Sharpton Al Sharpton behaved like a horse's ass in urlLink last night's debate , which may or may not be surprising to readers of this blog. Attacking Howard Dean for not having an African American on his staff while he was governor of Vermont, Sharpton failed to mention an important little fact: According to the 2000 census, Vermont's state population was urlLink 0.5% African American . I went to Marlboro College and was the only African American in my graduating class back in 1994. During my time there I was, to be frank, a bit of a rock star . Many people had never seen an African American except on the Cosby Show. In that left leaning state, people would actually stare at me when I'd go to nearby towns; waitresses -- and I kid you not! -- would argue over who was taking my order. I was even an authentic black experience *coughs modestly* for quite a few of the ladies back then in my randy collegiate days. Al Sharpton is an ass for attacking Dean on that matter. National Review's Byron York actually has a perceptive piece as to urlLink why Dean couldn't really tear into Sharpton .

 The Chattering Class Virtual Year Book Far be it from me , lowly blogger, to impede the progress of all the primping and preening that goes on among the chattering classes. I mean, they do deserve their time to waddle in the sun being as they explain reality to the rest of the world daily, via their nesting centers in NY, DC and LA, and occasionally urlLink Davos and Sundance. Sometimes the chattering class appear to be unruly students at urlLink J K Rowlings' mythical Hogwarts , struggling in childlike wonder with The Great Questions of Good and Evil --- naked ambition versus the ermine robes of state. Imagine, if you will, urlLink Eisner or, say, Michael Powell , as urlLink Voldemortian forces lying in wait in support of media consolidation! Not too much of a wizarding stretch, I hope. Now, take away the element of magic and at other times, The Chattering Classes appear to be not unlike the urlLink birds . Imagine if you will, Barry Diller a urlLink heron , or Anna Wintour a urlLink swan , pecking at a salad, Jayson Blair (averted gaze) a urlLink turkey ("performs distraction display") and Harvey Weinstein an urlLink American Kestrel ("Pale belly"). My bird's eye view. That's just how The Corsair's fevered media-oversaturated imagination works: all wizards and warblers . The Chattering Class render their ideas in varying forms of, uhm, media: sometimes they use the standard black and white print, often radio waves, other times tv, glossy mags are the usual, even mini studios-- whatever the means of communication, there is some hawkish champion ready to express themselves, so, in the end, it is difficult to characterize The Mediaratti fully as the variety of media are matched only by the infinitude of styles and thought, limited only by the imagination; and, of course, I don't intend (or pre tend) to be the last word on the matter-- neither as Hogwarts' sorting hat nor as Audubonian birder on the prowl. Nor do I, in any way, mean this to be a complete list , but only a partial listing of those flapping wings who have crossed my radar screen. So, like the snarky and chaotic (I think the very cool urlLink Choire called me absolutely mad, and I don't dispute that claim) urlLink Gemini that I am, allow me to mix my metaphors, combining Rowlings and Ravens, to try and draw a bede on these venerable birds. Basta , now let's just coalesce all the necessary, fluttering data, my little pomegranates, and see if we cannot usher these rara avis into an aviary fitting for public consumption , uhm -- only urlLink the catty consume birds -- public observation . And so , I present, as it were, on the fly, a virtual HS yearbook (the school song a martial, Murdochian anthem, possibly in urlLink Mandarin Chinese ?), without the pictures: For your pleasure , urlLink Rupert Murdoch HS, Class of 2004 (stands at attention, hums anthem solemnly): roll credits Who's Who : Barry Diller , Headmaster, urlLink Dumbledoresque mogul standing athwart urlLink media consolidation ... white urlLink tailed tropic bird ("In pursuit of fish and squid, tropicbirds engage in graceful dives from the air.") urlLink Don Imus ... shifty-eyed leathery janitorial-type (think of the creepy Carl the Janitor in urlLink The Breakfast Club ) ... urlLink Masked Booby ("a variety of hissing and quacking notes on breeding grounds") ... urlLink Slytherin ... Affrimative Action for geeks past their expiration date urlLink Felix Dennis , (rolls eyes; extended averted gaze) sex ed ... urlLink Northern Gannett ("Guttural croak or grunt, heard only on breeding islands") ... "like most rich eccentric men, aspires to be a cigarette-smoking artist ( urlLink poet ) ... some of his lines: "As jealousy anticipates revenge/ So envy swamps compassion in its wake; Thus petty men seek insults to avenge/ And reaching for a ladder grasp a snake" ... the snake reference is obvious, but ... what-the- fuck ?! ... so, urlLink Mr. Beer and Bikini wants to thorw down poesis? ... Pussy-boy Harvey Weinstein , Mascot , who portrays a rat named Eisner ... Although Big Harv fills out the mascot costume well, his feet are dainty : he cannot fill Michael's shoes... tough guy... hangs with Pat Buchanan , Steve Brill and the Dead Rabbits , (don't ask) urlLink the school gang ... aggressively bad taste (the anti-Kurt Andersen), which becomes evident when he slices a true auteur's bacon ... Thanks for giving us urlLink Benigni , you fucker ... A/V Club ... urlLink Slytherinesque Jim Romenesko , Head, urlLink Gryffindor House ... dry wit ... Best Personality ... creator of the most significant media blog ... humor, letters, memorials and breaking news for us navel-gazers urlLink Bonnie Fuller , The urlLink Dark Arts ... "I was the girl in the front row of class with my hand held very high. And I wore glasses." ... Thanks for sharing ... Will shadenfreude turn against Bonnie? ... well known for giving her students inordinate, no, Gargantuan amounts of homework ... burning bridges, making benjamins ... gossip zeitgeist 101 ... urlLink Least Tern ("Least Terns will sometimes abandon their nests if they have been disturbed") ... doesn't play well with Jann urlLink Walter Isaacson , Diplomatic History ... urlLink Magnificent Frigate Bird ("Frigatebirds, also called man-o'-war-birds, are among the most agile of birds on the wing") ... serious man with the urlLink weight of history on his shoulders ... casts a cold eye towards the purple twilight emanating from Washington and sees, with gemlike clarity, the crisis of the West ... urlLink Time Inc and Old Man Luce's old job aint what it used to be ... waiting for something better to come along ... future Secretary of State? ... N'Orleans ... coiled potential energy ... founder , Model UN ... a good man and hard worker ... urlLink Hufflepuff Harry Evans , American History, Department Chair .. Oh, urlLink Mr. Magoo , you did it again! ... a bit distant ... house husband ... Tina Brown is his A student, Al Gore to his Marty Peretz ... writes elaborate coffee table books that no one really reads ... well liked in the media ... hosts "events" ... urlLink Glaucous Winged Gull ("A raucous series of similar notes on one pitch") Roger Ebert , Cinema, Chair ...Most European Midwesterner ever ... argumentative in a grandfatherly way ... simplistic thumbs up technique of cinema criticism ... will give at least one crappy studio picture the thumbs up per show , just so that Hollywood doesn't lock him out altogether and also to show that he has a sense of humor about poo ... would rather be watching urlLink Resnais ... what was he thinking in going with that Frat Boy, Roeper for urlLink TA ? urlLink Arianna Huffington , Women in History and Art ... Absolutely brilliant and rhetorically stunning ... Our urlLink Livia Frighteningly ambitious ... Darkly beautiful in her wraith ... Then : rival for Sally Quinn's social position as doyenne of DC; Now : so Unelected Mayor of Hollywood ... Ravenclaw ... urlLink Phoenix ("This ubiquitous legendary bird of the sun was believed to make an appearance every few hundred years or so only to die immolated in its own flames") urlLink Sidney Blumenthal ... How to brownnose your way from "objective" observer to Presidential aide ... mo urlLink re popular in Europe , while his rival, Christopher Hitchens is, ironically, urlLink more popular in America ... as smart as he is well dressed ... urlLink Ravenclaw urlLink Donald Trump , Milton Friedman Chair , Economics ... "you're fired" ... bad hair ... likes Eastern European women ... "there is no such thing as a free lunch" ... short fingered vulgarian ... purchased a modeling agency and a beauty pagent ... insatiable publicity hound ... louche : there is no other way to describe this man : turned urlLink Mar a Lago , an historic and palatial home, a masterpiece , into a pay-per-play resort (cafe society debutantes and urlLink Town and Country subscribers faint on cue) ... plasters his urlLink Hancockian signature on every monstrosity he erects... a gassbag ... a strong argument against democratic capitalism ... urlLink so Slytherin it hurts ... Aleutian Tern("Habitat: shallow bays") urlLink Steve Irwin , Care of Magical Creatures ... urlLink Mulleted ; a grown man who wears short pants .. for he so loved the aligators that he was prepared to give his child ... your typical urlLink yabbo urlLink Greta Von Susteren , Defense Against the Dark Arts ... don't let the flawless legalese fool you, this former lawyer, Gret, is also a former Swedish Foreign Exchange Student ... "is -- ya-ya ?" ... can't give her books away, God bless her ...bolted sinking AOHell for the sly FOX ... the latest lawyer turned journo to get some "face" ... and speaking of face, don't even get me started on her eyes urlLink Sue Simmons , Potions ... longtime anchor of evening news cast ... does not play well with others ... no , don't ask me why I included Sue here, I can't figure it out either ... flubs cue cards regularly urlLink The Bird ("middle finger extended to all") urlLink Maureen Dowd , Transfiguration ... sexy, hip bohemian aunt type ... apparently she dated urlLink Michael Douglas ... regularly vivisects the Bush Administration ... urlLink cardinal ("robust seed eating bird with strong bill") urlLink Ted Turner ... fired urlLink his own son ... Jane Fonda tried to hook him up with subservient urlLink Republican Bo Derek ... peacock urlLink Larry David , urlLink Hufflepuff ... urlLink hard worker ... peeves easily ... the postmodern urlLink Charlie Brown urlLink Dick Parsons , Juggling ... gee, thanks for transferring the CEO job to me right here, right now , Gerry ... urlLink Black Noddy ("Courtship consists of head nodding and fish transfers") Coach Regis Philbin , Football ... wanna be tough guy circa 1950 cred was shot when "Coach Reege" took off his shirt in protest of a referees decision and revealed unseemly "man teats" ... likes to play career-enhancing sugar daddy to younger girls ... Brylcream man ... essentially, harmless urlLink Martin Peretz , Civics Chair ... Does not call on African American Students ... Secretly compares every student to his star pupil, Al Gore '00 ... out of power and melancholy about it ... oh, so godamm urlLink Slytherin ... no ordinary Bird, perhaps ... a Robert Byrd ? Upperclassmen ( Intermezzo ) David Remnick , Senior ... Hufflepuff ... lends intellectual glamour to the Conde Nast set Fareed Zakaria , Senior ... dreams dark and reptilian dreams of becoming Secretary of State ... Junior Kissinger Hessian Society, founder and sole member ... Metternich was misunderstood ... regards the post at State as, "my preciousss" ... oh, just so ya know: urlLink Slytherin .... Bismark matters! ... weeps openly at Wagner's urlLink Der Ring Des Niebelungenlied when Wotan steals the ring of power ("it's so true !"). Christopher Hitchens , Senior ... formidable debater ... a good man ... The Corsair's first media mentor ... urlLink South Polar Skua ("Habitat: Open ocean") ... does not play well with Sidney Blumenthal ... pugnacious, honest urlLink Kurt Andersen , Senior . Most Likely to Succed ... National Honor Society ... Architecture Club ... Ham Radio ... Editor, ... dry as a martini ... Elder Brother of New York Media ... sharp eye ... highbrow aesthetics ... urlLink Osprey ("instantly recognizable even at a distance") urlLink Bill Kristol , Senior ... Most Intellectual boy ... however, misreads Plato ... didn't mesh well with Cokie and Sam ... hijacked US Foreign policy with his pen ... Most Likely to Misuse Power ... Senior Officer urlLink Christiane Amanpour and Jamie Rubin ... The Investigators ... National Honor Society ... Power Couple ... Best All Around ... urlLink Madeline always liked him best ... She does a heck of a lot of reporting on blood, urlLink mutilation and body fluids ... is he a future Secretary of State? Over Isaacson's dead body ... she: Orianna Falaci ; he" Thomas Jefferson ::he, urlLink Owl of Minerva (""The owl of Minerva spreads its wings only with the falling of the dusk."); she: urlLink Raven ("For the rare and radiant maiden whom the angels named Amanpour/ Nameless here for evermore") ... so International Chic that it hurts urlLink Maria Bartiromo , Senior ... flirts with Francis Ford Copolla (Francis said that for her urlLink he had a part , but The Corsair believes urlLink he just wants a piece )... big waifish eyes make grown men turn to urlLink calamari estofado ... call me, Maria? ... ( The Corsair goes back to wistfully nursing a double shot of Cutty Sark) urlLink Michael Hirschorn , Senior . Best Personality ... Editor ... Most Friendly ... Full of Most Smiles ... Turned the boring campus tv station into "must see" tv ... Everybody's Favorite Cousin. urlLink David Letterman , Senior ... Number two to Leno ... Midwestern Existential Americana: observe carefully urlLink Kierkegaard's Concept of Dread play itself out on network television in real time ... mellowing out; growing up ... accepting of himself ... Varsity Football ... Wittiest ... in the reddish-bronze twilight of his career urlLink Eric Alterman , Senior ... Not handsome ... looks to be in a perpetual state of constipation ... the official face of the left ( The Corsair slowly, disgustedly claps hands sarcastically, like Bender in the urlLink Breakfast Club upon seeing Molly Ringwald apply lipstick with her breasts) ... Worst Personality ... National Honor Society ... phony liberal: rails against aristocratic hierarchy, yet covets swishy party invites to media events ... dick ... Wenner school of liberalism urlLink Andre Leon Talley , Senior ... deceptively intelligent despite position of distinction among the Conde Nast crowd, who favor, uhm, lightness of being ... Mitigating factor: Diana Vreeland watched urlLink Soul Train with him; how cool is that? urlLink Katrina Van Den Heuvel , Gryfindor, Senior ... pretty and brainy student of Russian poetry, history and philosophy ... Most Courteous ... waifish, idealistic and striving for the good... Best All Around ... lone voice among angry commentators ... often in over her head ... a good and honest woman urlLink Les Moonves , Senior, Slitherin ... Mr. urlLink Julie Chen ... a wanna be big screen thespian with a face made for for back office politics urlLink Richard Johnson , Senior ... The epitome of cool ... arbiter elegentiae , baby ... Our urlLink Petronius , and we wouldn't have it any other way ... magestic urlLink American Eagle urlLink Michael Wolff , Senior . National Honor Society ... Young Enterpeneurs ... Goes where the action is ... sharp social observer ... can be abrasive ... not afraid to mix it up in the business world, which is rare among writers ... doesn't play well with Tina urlLink Anna Wintour , Senior Too Cool For School ... Winter Sports Queen ... Fashion plate ... Joined at the hip with Andre Leon Talley ... Chair, Remove the Popcorn Machines From the Cafeteria Drive ... resolved: food should have no smell ... "I need these minks killed in the most horrid way urlLink imaginable ... it adds to the lustre of the coat" ... called Cruella de Ville behind her back... cranky cause she's hungry ... I still love this frosty archetype of a woman: urlLink swan ("Color: White; Weight: About 28 pounds") urlLink Campbell Brown , Senior ... Full of the Most Smiles ... Most Courteous ... "hottie" ... What ever happened with Richard Branson that night when he stole your shoe? ... urlLink Hawk ("You may see one perched on a branch in a tree, watching for a meal to scurry by") urlLink David Hershkovits and Kim Hastreiter , Seniors. Most School Spirit ... Wittiest Couple ... nurturers of the bohemian flame ... urlLink Barn Owls ("the barn owl has eyes that face forward. This gives it depth perception, the kind of vision you have when you look through two eyes instead of one") urlLink Michael Musto , Senior ... Class Favorite ... a good man: Gryffindor all the way ... Wittiest ... bohemian ... the downtown scoop ... urlLink Bird of Paradise ("Spaniards in the 16th century coined the name bird of paradise") Charlie Rose , Senior ... Has amiably carried the Dick Cavett mantle in his stately bill ... Most Courteous ... "Lawrd almighteh, when will urlLink Wallace retire so that I can take his spot!" ... Could have been a fine Democrat Senator from NC -- he has the name recognition and the looks -- but, ultimately, that doesn't pay as much as urlLink CBS and urlLink Bloomberg ... urlLink Ring Billed Gull ("Adult silvery gray on back, white on head, tail, and underparts.") Jon Stewart , Senior ... Class Clown ... urlLink Laughing Gull ("Loud, high-pitched ha-ha-ha-ha-haah-haah-haah-haah-haah") ... a good man ... urlLink Gryfindor all the way ... a good man who made us laugh after the horror of 9-11 ... national treasure urlLink Dan Rather , Senior ... Eerie serial killer-like stare (and, no, not the urlLink CBS one-eye )... Psychology Club ... Young Democrats ... signs off school Ham Radio program, "what's the frequency" ... Confused ... urlLink Thayer's Gull(" This bird has variously been considered a species of its own, a subspecies of the Herring Gull, a subspecies of the Iceland Gull, and even a hybrid of the two") ... very strang; retire Dan, retire urlLink Bill Mahar , Senior ... once class clown ... now more mature, tried by a bitchlap by the Mouse network ... chastened, now evenhanded in his insults to both right and left ... hugely talented but routinely overlooked ... urlLink Prairie Falcon ("Life is tough for a baby prairie falcon") urlLink Wolf Blitzer , Senior ... The Wolf ... A- Woo! ... "Turn up that urlLink Memphis Bleek , Wolf" ... "Stop bogarting the last beer, Wolf" ... hungry like the Wolf ... busted smuggling beer into the rooms during Senior Ski Trip ... that crazy guy ... "Road trip, Wolfmeister ! I got shotgun!" ... Best Personality ... he's not a bird, he's Wolf urlLink Brian Lamb , Senior ... Serious Thinker ... Most School Spirit ... Martin Van Buren Society, founder and sole member ... " Pat Buchanan and Steven Brill stole my lunch money!" ... perhaps the only man to own a collectirs DVD set of everything dome by Ken Burns ... genuinely and passionately in geek love with all things American ... Hufflepuffish ... Hes not a Lamb, urlLink he's a dove . urlLink Lloyd Grove , Transfer Student from DC. Started out slow, but is getting better ... the most Washington-Politics-based NY Gossip column ever ... urlLink Parasitic Jaeger ("it usually obtains food by pursuing gulls and terns and forcing them to drop food") Toby Young , expelled ... flew back to urlLink Britain ... punk ass ... urlLink chicken urlLink Pat O'Brien , Senior ... "Everyone, look at me!" ... "Demi, what do you think of me as Governor of South Dakota?" ... "Everyone, look at me !" ... urlLink Common Black Headed Gull ("various squealing notes") ... "Look at meeee " Howard Kurtz , Senior ... editor, school paper ... protective of the institution of journalism ... urlLink Great Skua-like ("They are vigorous in the defense of their nests, diving boldly at human intruders") ... Gryffindoresque ... got a little wrapped up in the urlLink K Street celebrity politics thing , but came around David Chase , Senior ... fuggedaboudit! ... ear for dialogue ... urlLink Lesser Scaup ("They're found on big water, typically lakes and deep wetlands, and aren't shy about approaching hunting decoys") Bruce Wasserman , Senior ... urlLink dates New York Mag , the head cheerleader, which comes with built in social cachet ... from geek to chic Liz Smith , Senior ... Texan ... Likes to quote intellectuals ... urlLink Flamingo ... good natured; secretly controls urlLink New York Geraldo Rivera , Senior ... gross .... kisses and tells: in print! ... the ladies bathroom wall has detailed warnings of this man's antics ... urlLink Black-Legged Kittiwake ("Very noisy on breeding grounds") ... Bette Midler ? What were you thinking when you fucked Bette Middler? urlLink Tina Brown , Senior ... Topic A: Party Girl ... Gabba, Gabba, Hey ... Secretly dating Mr. Evans, the American History Teacher ... Gossip! ... "Where's Barry Diller?" ...Wild about Harry ... "Barry?" ... urlLink Common Snipe ("A small bird with an eratic flight pattern composed of twists and dives") urlLink Graydon Carter , Senior ... Leader of the Snobby Conde Nast Clique ... Too Cool For School ... Full of the Most Smiles ... Young Democrats ... Winston Lights ... That's so First Room , Toby ... Bloomberg Sucks ... architectonic hair ... Canadian Goose("Canada geese migrate in V-shaped flocks") ... urlLink Vanitas Vanitatum urlLink Michael Barone , Senior ... Mathematics Club ... AV Club ... " Calvin Coolige Society ... " Pat Buchanan and Steve Brill stole my lunch money!" ... ... has urlLink bandy legs ... Slaty-backed Gull("similar to Great Black-backed Gull only paler") urlLink Laura Zalaznick , Senior ... Most Intellectual Girl ... Art Club ... "Did you see that documentary last night on PBS?" ... National Honor Society ... The revolution will not be televised because we are the tv revolution ... urlLink Black Skimmer ("This extraordinary bird, especially when in flight, can hardly fail to impress even the most casual observer") urlLink George Stephanopouos and Ali Wentworth , Seniors ... Golden Boy and Girl ... Twice a day? Really? ... A power coupling that has actually halved their cachet ... still the couple we love to discuss ... A Couple of Ross' Gulls("The appearance of a Ross's Gull in settled areas attracts hundreds of observers and often makes headlines in newspapers") ... decidely not Christiane and Jamie urlLink Tim Russert , Senior ... Gryffindor ... In a state of grace ... Saint Tim ... St Theresa of Avila Rosary Society ... So, you really urlLink confronted Farrakhan about the spaceship and urlLink Yakub, the black scientist who Muslims belive created the white man ? ... very cool ... Dean of Washington Press Corps urlLink Chris Matthews , Senior ... The Ego has landed ... The Assistant Dean of Washington DC ... urlLink Blue Jay ... Conservative Democrats ... understands Americana backwards and forewards ... even handed urlLink Laurie Duhe , Senior ... "Those pouty lips, those legs, those come hither eyes!" ... urlLink Iceland Gull ("Immatures are creamy buff") ... Rowrrrr urlLink Howard Stern , Junior ... King of the Geeks ... Drilled a hole in the Sumner Redstone Gym to peek at girls showering ... hides pornography in Student Lounge ... Move over Barbara Walters ... most likely to get slapped in the face during his first ABC interview with Angelina Jolie Peter Jennings , Junior ... O, Canada! ... Young Democrats ... urlLink Clark's Nutcracker ("Despite pine seed diet specialization, an opportunistic forager") urlLink Rush and Molloy , Juniors ... Cutest Couple ... Star reporters of The Daily ... Too Cool For School ... urlLink lovebirds urlLink Diane Sawyer , Senior ... Next in line now that Barbara is gone ... Nice score on the Dean interview ... stately journalist ... America's Junior Miss in 1962 ... urlLink Deep Throat ? ... urlLink Mourning Dove ("Mourning doves make a soft cooing sound") urlLink Jon Favreau , Junior ... Allegedly a "director"... Sell Out ... Not especially talented or even creative ... likes to pretend he is a vapid cigar smoking Hollywood exec even as he hosts show on IFC-- the anti-Hollywood ... ass ... urlLink Spruce Grouse ("The spruce grouse has several nicknames, such as fool's hen and fool's grouse") Dennis Miller , Junior ... Let's get this straight: Acting? Not an option ... HBO entertainment show? Nada ... urlLink Hair? Nope ... Republican Party Reptile? Priceless ... let's take a wait and see attitude re: his little "show" Cramer and Ludlow , Juniors ... Hufflepuff ... Hardest Working Man in the Media (Cramer) ... Ludlow "more tax cuts" his hair ... it isn't quite ... it isn't quite ... it isn't quite r ight Martha Stewart, Junior ... urlLink Ivory Gull ("A harsh eer ... The Ivory Gull shares the realm of the Inuit and the polar bear") Joel Klein , Junior ... No Longer Anonymous ... Once objective journo, now card carrying member of the Washington Establishment ... Kerry booster ... urlLink Heerman's Gull ("Predominantly dark") ... corrupt Establishmentarian with crows feet ... once respectable and objective Caroline Miller , Junior ... aggressive NY Times interview with boxing gloves as prop ... urlLink Black Tern ("Sharp kick; when disturbed, a shrill kreek") ... this gal is punchy! ... watch the urlLink pageboy haircut , she'll slap you silly Roger Friedman , Junior ... urlLink Quixotic feud with NY Times ... urlLink Bonaparte's Gull ("soft, nasal snarling note") Neil Strauss , Junior ... New York Times Style writer who uses urlLink geek techniques to trick girls into dating him ... ass ... Slytherin ..."I had provoked a negative reaction, but now at least we had a relationship. I just had to turn her anger around to make it a good relationship" ... fucking creepy ... vulture Underclassmen The Up and Comers urlLink Elizabeth Spiers , Sophomore ... editor of underground newspaper ... varsity cheerleader Chris Wilson , Sophomore ... social Page Sixer ... coming up on the radar urlLink Lockhart Steele , Sophomore ... Avid New Yorker ... best neighborhood site on web ... political future? urlLink Jen Chung , Sophomore ... Most School Spirit ... New Yorker ... in the cut urlLink The Minor Fall, The Major Lift ... the Underground, Underground Paper ... addictive reading ... the coolest threads in the blogosphere urlLink MemeFirst ... highbrow news and a dash of snark ... must reading urlLink Choire Sicha , Sophomore ... underground web site that everyone reads ... wittiest ... best personality ... we heart Choire urlLink Matt Haber , Sophomore ... class wit ... Most Courteous ... on the radar; in the cut urlLink Victoria Gotti , Sophomore ... Welcome to the wonderful world of publishing, fuggedaboutit! urlLink Mary Kate and Ashley , Freshmen Steve Cojocaru , Freshman Keep in Touch: Judith Regan ... Bryant Gumbell ... Garrick Utley ... Now I am going to take a rest and not relate to anything media for a while. If you enjoyed this, guys, please bookmark me. Cheers, Ron Mwangaguhunga AKA The Corsair

 President Al Sharpton: The First Few Days As you can see, the progressive buildup to the Iowa caucus has thrown me off my usually sophisticated pop-culturally obsessed game, and gotten me all sexed up on politics . Blame Iowa ! Bear with me, though, my little pomegranates , I will come out of this little poly-sci funk intact and, on the other side of the caucus, back in rare form. My fascination du jour , though, if you must know, is the urlLink Reverend Al Sharpton . And why not : His campaign is quixotic, to be sure, but there is also quite a bit of pathos and some, well, humor in it. Actually, there is lots of humor in his candidacy if you know how to look. Sharpton has come away -- post SNL -- as a sort of Falstaffian American character (charicature?), more perfectly suited to Comedy Central than the rigors of the campaign trail. Perhaps he might consider following Jon Stewart , or a late night show on VH1 opposite Charlie Rose ? But all this talk of pitching Al for Prime Time is premature. Although Sharpton urlLink couldn't win DC , what's to say he's going to flame out in his other hopeful state, urlLink South Carolina . What if he were to win South Carolina by snagging the majority of black votes in a tight four way race. And : what if, say , conservatives vote for Al en masse in open primary states? And what if he won the Democratic nomination as a result of the votes of his loyalists plus those of conservative spoilers! (oh dear, I can already feel my readership beginning to snooze at the sheer geekiness of this) And then , what if -- just bear with me, now -- what if : Al went on to win the Presidency, buoyed by the drunken frat boy vote as well as merry pranksters across the country who want to see The Grand Old Party become, well, a par-tay . Isn't humor ultimately more attractive to the masses? I mean, would you really rather hang out with Jim Carrey and David Chapelle or Paul O'Neill and Pat Buchanan , hmm ? Highly implausible , you say to a Reverend President Al Sharpton . Well, I agree. But what if ... what if ... (dream sequence music trails off into ...) January 20, 2005 : A visibly distraught Chief Justice Rehnquist administers the oath of office to Reverend Al Sharpton , who becomes the 44th President of the United States. Immediately following the swearing in, Rehnquist has, simultaneously , a nervous breakdown and a stroke at urlLink the thought of an African American President. At the inaugural ball, Rehnquist exhibits a spastic rigor in his dance (" his freaky stylee ," would be inaugural invitee Coolio's take on the spectacle in the next day's Washington Post ) that was generally taken to be a result of drunken revelry. Only later, after the last dance as Rehquist writhed on the floor, did attendees realize that The Ren had not actually been engaged in highly elaborate breakdancing maneuvers, but was, indeed, in a perilous plight. Sandra Day O'Connor would sum up the majority opinion in the New York Times by observing, solemnly, "all involved didn't know the seriousness of the matter. We believed that he had passed the bar ... about six or seven times too many." James Brown performs " urlLink Hot Pants " instead of the traditional "hail to the Chief." January 22, 2005 : The Andrew Jacksonesque populist appoints Richard Simmons as Surgeon General and Chairman of the President's Council of Physical Fitness . Immediately following, Simmons, The Reverend President and the Religious Right form a joint task force on fundamentalism and excercise called, Sweatin' to the Holies . Instead of the partisan Republican Prayer Breakfasts, Democrats and Republicans seeking early morning face time with the President must excercise to gospel and Christian Contemporary hits while being prodded on by Surgeon General Simmons . The President notes: there will be no breaking of bread ... too many carbs ... we are all on Atkins , you know. January 24, 2005 : The Godfather of Soul is appointed Ambassador to the Holy See. "The Pope can no longer call us a nation turning it's back on its soul anymore," the President quips. February 1, 2005: The President recieves a delegation of Hindi Ascetics, but after, rather pornographically , mispronouncing their religious title, the " fakirs ," who have lived a life devoted to peace, abruptly exit the Oval Office in a swarm of obscenities and curses involving the President's mother. February 2, 2005: Tina Brown officially begins sucking up to the new President. Or something along those lines . How fun would a Reverend Al Presidency be?

 RZA Goes Off The Corsair just cannot get over how crazy urlLink RZA is. He's urlLink crazy like Swayze . Ask him anything and it's on like urlLink Grey Poupon . Ask him where the nearest gas station is and you get a soliloquy about his favorite natural resource, urlLink colloidal silver . Ask him about the weather and he delivers a an eccentric little dithyramb on whether or not karate can be viewed with the third eye. Whew! He so crazy ... Anyhoo : here is a snippet of RZA's recent interview with urlLink One World , an interview in which you learn a quite a bit more about his childhood than is necessary: One World : Listen, I want to ask you another question ... What is the connection between kids living in urban environments and kung fu movies? RZA : There's a couple of ways to look at it. One, any hero that we see as a kid inspires us to want to be him -- anything that's more powerful than us. Because as a kid, there's many nightmares, its really bad experiences, it's many of those things. For the kung-fu movies, though, it has an extra piece to it. Martial arts, xi-gong and t'ai chi is the natural vibration of the body, it's the natural flow of energy, really. Kung fu is the best energy flowing and energy builder and expeller -- the only thing compared to that is sex, they say. That's the only thing that has the same potential for energy. And sex is really the epitome of creative energy. So when a kid whose young and creative and has all this extra energy and not really having sex, anyway, besides his own masturbation -- he's watching all this action; it inspires his subconscious. For those who are really in tune with nature, they could change their whole life. Somebody like myself -- it started off for me watching these movies and acting like them. The it went to the next level of me watching them with the third eye and listening to the philosophy of the movies, which is also very profound. Bruce Lee was a scientist. He wasn't just a fighter. " Wu Tang Clan has a lot to do with this whole new influx of Asian things and also the love that blacks automatically have for the Asian culture without even knowing that we're the fathers of it. Like, you don't know that urlLink Don Mo who went and taught Xi-gong to the monks was a black man from South India who migrated from Ethiopia with the Dravidian tribe?" No, I didn't know that , actually.

 Kids Can Be So Cruel Carl the Janitor : Brian, how ya doin'? Bender : Your dad work here? ... Uh, Carl? Carl : What? Bender : Can I ask you a question? Carl : Sure. Bender : How does one become a janitor? Carl : You want to be a janitor? Bender : No, I just want to know how one becomes a janitor because Andrew here is very interested in persuing a career in the urlLink custodial arts . ***** Bender : What are we having? Brian : Just your normal everyday lunch. Bender : Milk? Brian : Soup.... Apple juice. Bender : I can read. PB & J with the crusts cut off. Well Brian, this is a very nutricious lunch. All the food groups are represented. Did your mom marry Mr. Rogers ? Brian : No, Mr. Johnson **** Vernon : What if your home, what if your family, what if your dope was on fire? Bender : Impossible, sir. Its in Johnson's underwear.

 Harvey Weinstein's Freaky Stylee Via urlLink Gawker we learn that Harvey Weinstein traffics in urlLink weopons of mass distraction when journos appraoch him with exposees on Miramax . Jacob Bernstein writes for WWD : "According to the forward of (Peter) Biskinds book, Weinstein asked him, 'Dont you have a book idea thats really close to your heart?' When Biskind innocently responded that hed always wanted to write a book about the science of politics, Weinstein told him, 'Great. We could sell a million copies! Forget about that other book.' Berstein then goes on to recount similar ploys used against Ken Auletta and Kevin Kelly of the Post. That would explain Miraxax's quixotic publication of punk AJ Benza's urlLink Fame Aint it a Bitch

 Oh, Really? urlLink Kimora Lee Simmons to urlLink One World , her husband's rag-magazine-advertorial, making an ass out of herself on page 51, February/March 2004: "Fashion completes the look. It makes the whole. You can look at me and know that inside I'm not full of shit." Oh, really , Kimora?

 The Corsair's Prediction My crystal ball is so clear it is fucking scary. Scary! My prediction about a urlLink Howard Stern interview show has turned out to be correct. Here is how I phrased it -- verbatim --on January 7, 2004: " More Predictions "Before this year really gets under way, let me fire off some more predictions on the record: " Howard Stern will not renew his radio contract. Instead, he will become CBS' Barbara Walters , doing interviews with treain wrecks, like, say, Heidi Fleiss or Paris Hilton . The CBS Entertainment division will pay the subjects a la "checkbook journalism." The show will come on periodically, called 'Howard Stern Interviews ...'" How creepy is that ? Okay; so it wasn't CBS, but I even got the Barbara Walters reference. My hairs are standing on the back of my neck. Industry take note, Ron Mwangaguhunga has a sharp crystal ball. Other predictions I have made: "The infamously clumsy Will Smith will memorably trip and fall down at The Oscars. " Sarah Jessica Parker will get an Oprah-like syndicated talk show aimed at the hip young woman. The show will feature and be supported inordinately by the fashion houses. " P Diddy will run for NY mayor as an independent and Russell Simmons will signal a willingness to run as an independent for Governor, staring off a new volley of urlLink celebrity politicians . "Pakistani leader Musharraf will be assasinated. Osama Bin Laden will make Pakistan the next frontier in the US War on Terror. India will become our new close ally in the war. As a result, Indian fashion, food and music will undergo a rennaisance in the US just as British culture did immediately following 9-11. India comes into its own in 2004. " Justin Timberlake will marry Cameron Diaz and Al Greene will perform the cermony as well as sing. " Tony Blair will be forced to step down. Britain will face a year of upheval as Prince Charles declines the crown amid scandal over Diana's death, making way for William to become King. "We will all be quoting lines from Donald Trump's urlLink Apprentice show for much of the early part of 2004. " Alec Baldwin and Richard Johnson will fight -- celebrity boxing style -- in a charity event benefitting Breast Cancer. The Page Six editor will clean The Bloviator's clock. And urlLink the Bassinger-Baldwin divorce will become the latest acrimonious slice o shadenfreude to clutter the media landscape. " urlLink Giselle Bundchen will dump Leo for Ashton . " urlLink Renee Zellwegger will stop sucking lemons before turning in a performance. " Michael Jackson will flee to Morocco, get a urlLink villa in Marakesh , and harass little boys unmolested by the local culture until extradited back to the US. " MTV will cancel The Real World . " Bill Murray will win Best Actor and deliver the best speech in Oscar history. " Brendan Frasier will release more bombs this year than the Iraqi resistance. " Lauryn Hill will engage in a lonely, Kierkegaardian crusade against the Roman Catholic Church. " Graydon Carter and Sophia Coppola will date. " Ashton Kutcher and Leo diCaprio will get into a fistfight. Christina Aguilera will pose nude for "Playboy. " J_Lo and Ben Affleck will get married after their film urlLink Jersey Girl crosses the $100 million mark. " John Stewart will be tapped to replace David Letterman at the expiration of his contract. "Page Six's Richard Johnson will host a weekly pop culture roundtable on Fox News Channel. " VH1 will give Mo Rocca a Late Night talk show. " John Edwards will win the South Carolina Democratic primary making him the Anyone-but-Dean candidate that Terry McAuliffe and the Clintonistas will rally around. " Dick Cheney will leave the ticket due to "heart concerns" opening it up for fellow Yalie George Pataki. Pataki will back Rudy for Governor of New York and the Dems may lose New York and another shot at the White House. " Jayson Blair will be tapped to write a cover Michael Jackson interview for Vanity Fair . " Bill Clinton will finally accept a $50 million a year deal to host an Oprah-like talk show with world leaders, CEOs, journos and religious figures as guests for CBS." Of course , I will let you all know -- ad nauseum -- every time I get it right. And, of course, if I am way off no mention of it will be made. ( Update : I guess I'll be off on the Bennifer wedding, huh?)

 Man Versus Beast II Although The Corsair is your average (okay, obsessively creepy in restraining order terrain) brand of media observer, urlLink Man versus Beast failed to register on my finely tuned media radar. Now, Michael Starr of the urlLink NY Post informs us that Man Versus Beast II is in the cut. -- What the fuck?! (whistles slowly) Jesus H. Christ , is this for real ? Yes, yes (buries head in hands) my little pomegranates, it is. Starr writes: " urlLink Bam Bam the orangutan , who's ignited controversy over his role on the NBC soap ' urlLink Passions ,' is heading into the reality TV arena - as a contestant on Fox's 'Man vs. Beast 2,' which airs Feb. 20 (9 p.m.). "Bam Bam (a male who plays urlLink Precious , a female nurse on 'Passions') will participate in a 'Man vs. Beast' challenge against NCAA gymnast/rings champ urlLink Marshall Erwin , trying to see who can endure the longest while hanging 11 feet off the ground. "Other 'Man vs. Beast 2' challenges include urlLink Morgan the black Labrador retriever facing off against All-American long jumper urlLink Bryan Clay , and Jacob , a chimpanzee who'll see if he can climb a 40-foot palm tree faster than champion tree climber urlLink Kap Teo-Tafiti ." Now, I believe that democracy is the highest form of government, offering the largest amount of freedom to its populace. From these freedoms flow the particular pursuits of our happiness. I came here from a urlLink dicatorship in Uganda , and there is nothing -- nothing -- that I urlLink hate more than tyranny . I am glad urlLink Sadaam Hussein is locked away like a dog. That having been said, if this type of programming is getting on, perhaps our democracy is getting a bit ill and we had best look to it . There are whiffs of urlLink imperial Roman decline surrounding the broadcast of Man Versus Beast II.

 (This post is still in progress -- what a project! -- you might want to click Refresh or come by a bit later, like in a few days (Saturday), when the page and errors are fixed up and I can really do it up right. This is just a shell of the final plan ... sorry for the delay and thanx for your patience)

 Stupid Ass of the Century: Courtney "Love" From an interview with urlLink Courtney Love on urlLink WKQX-FM , Sound Opinion , with Jim DeRogatis and Bill Wyman , as recounted in urlLink Milk It regarding a Vanity Fair September 1992 story: "I did take heroin when I was pregnant in the very beginning of my pregnancy. I did-- otherwise I could have sued the hell out of ( Vanity Fair ) (But Lynn Hirschberg was) completely wrong. She made it seem like I was taking drugs into my second trimester." Thanks for clearing that up, Courtney. And as if that isn't bad enough, TheSmokinggun drags her legal issues into the sunlight. They write: "According to the ... complaint, filed last month in Santa Barbara Superior Court, Love has stiffed Cappello & McCann for work the firm did during her two-year legal fight with Universal Music Group . According to a recent account statement, after paying an initial retainer of $50,000 when she retained the firm in February 2001, Love has run up a six-figure bill that she has ignored. The nonpayment suit is the latest civil action faced by Love, who has defended cases brought by former employees, an ex-landlord, and a Hawaiian spa. Not to mention those pesky drug charges. A Love lawyer, who had not seen the new complaint, declined comment on the Cappello & McCann charges." Celebrity most likely to wind up in jail, anyone ?

 In other words ... BAPS Sucked Hollywood is a place where urlLink nuanced language and delicate diplomacy is needed in offering up a critique of your betters. Egos run amok in Tinseltown, you know, and slights are remembered and held against you. Aint that a bitch? Anyhoo : when something called urlLink Screenwriter Magazine asked urlLink Troy Beyer to take responsibility for her role in bringing urlLink BAPS to fruition, arguably the most offensive piece of shit ever to pass through the sordid bowels of the studio system, she was a little ... put off ; anyway, you can decipher what she means for yourself: Screenwriter : ( urlLink BAPS ) was your first script and you handed it over to someone else to direct. Was that difficult? Troy : Well, first I was really excited that (New Line) wanted to make the movie. I knew that if the movie was going to be made, I would need a director attatched and so, initially I was like, 'Great, Robert Townsend , he's cool, he's funny, he did urlLink Hollywood Shuffle' And then I realized that Robert had one interpretation of how the movie should look and as I writer, I had another vision."

 Liz Rosenberg Reads Vanity Fair urlLink Jeannette Walls of MSNBC's Scoop reports on the mini feud that has erupted between geeky Simon Cowell , and Madonna . Cowell, you'll recall, last week said, Madonna used to be good looking. [Now] shes a housewife. And in response, Liz Rosenberg , who gets paid the big bucks to spin Madonna's every move, responded: Ill have to quote from a philosopher whose name I dont know, You should only hate people you love. The rest of them are not worth the energy.'" Which is a sort of so-so line , all things considered, although it was wittier when Michael Caine used the line in response to his Proust questionnaire in VF this month. Is that all that Madonna's scrilla pays for? Recycling Old Brit lines to counter Old Brits?

 Dennis Miller Has Hairplugs! Born Again Republican Dennis Miller reveals to Jim Nelson of that significant cultural artifact urlLink The National Enquirer that he does indeed have hair plugs. He weaves ... I mean, ahem, he writes : "'It's one operation they've got down pat. Nobody has a clue I had it done until I tell them,' explains the comedian, adding that the procedure is practically painless. "But why would an arch-cynic like Miller, one of the longtime bad boys of comedy, go in for such a public display of vanity? "'I've been known for having a head of hair,' he says, 'and when you've been a pisser like I have on TV for so many years, there's nothing your critics would delight in more than watching you go slowly bald. "'Quite frankly, I don't mind telling people I had it done, because I think a lot of guys out there would like to get hair plugs but are probably worried about what's involved. But it's a pretty easy operation.' "In reality, Miller admits that the procedure has actually helped him feel better about himself. 'Who wants to be bald?' he laughs." Oh, and we're laughing too, Dennis; and ... it's a pisser . The Corsair wonders if they used racehorse hairs, because Miller veered to the right faster than urlLink Seabiscuit at the English Triple Crown !

 Blue Tang Clan? From the latest issue of urlLink Bizarre Magazine , a ... bizarre ... interview with RZA , of the urlLink Wu Tang Clan , and the scorer for urlLink Kill Bill, Volume 1 . A little bit of eccentricity is expected with musicians, but this urlLink Bobby Digital takes it to a whole new level on the subject of silver, Paris Hilton's favorite color: Bizarre : Is it true you take a silver supplement? RZA : Oh yeah, I took urlLink colloidal silver . I did some research and it helps to eliminate certain viruses from your body. It goes back to when the urlLink Black Plague was in Europe. A lot of rich people wasn't affected because the rich people had silverware. And the atomic structure of silver has a vibration that fights off viruses. Bizarre : Is it true it could turn you blue? RZA : urlLink That's what the FDA recently said but I can't see how you could turn blue. Of course, if it fucks with your blood ... I aint blue and my children aint blue. I take 10 days' supply at once, I don't take it every day. You take a 10 day course. When the anthrax scare came out it was good to take a 10 day course at that point. Then relax after that. Bizarre : Why don't you just use silver cutlery? RZA : I do. Oh yeah, I do. That's the best way, then every time your fork goes in your mouth a little bit of silver goes in your mouth. So ... I gotta go ... ( Editor's Note : Do not try this at home. According to the FDA, "The indiscriminate use of colloidal silver solutions has resulted in cases of argyria, a permanent blue-gray discoloration of the skin and deep tissues." So if RZA and his children are complected not unlike Newport second hand smoke in the next few weeks, or, rather, that they look bluer than Picasso's Blue period, they were being a little ... indiscriminate )

 Johnny Rotten Sells Out Punk was all about ugliness back in the day, but nowadays things are getting uglier than usual, especially in Britain. Punk Icon urlLink Johnny Rotten has not only agreed to do a cheesy reality tv show, but he has agreed to do a really bad one, namely: urlLink 'I'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here .' "The announcement made me feel instantly old. ... If it has come to this for the prince of punk, then mediocrity really does get us all in the end," said Lee Randall in urlLink The Scotsman . The British, who particularly idolize Rotten, are urlLink especially irked . "I'm gobsmacked," said Tony Wilson , a British journalist and music entrepreneur who knows Lydon, according to urlLink CNN . "I'm shocked, but I have faith ... I'm sure he's doing it for the right reasons." Suuure: I mean, what's a bloke to do? First urlLink Mick Jagger, the devil whom we all had sympathy for, whores his geriatric ass out and joins the bloody aristos ... and now The Antichrist Hisself ! Damned cheek! Along with Rotten on the UK show will be fighter Razor Ruddock , who was urlLink once told by Mike Tyson , Im gonna make you my girlfriend ... I cant wait for you to kiss me with those big lips of yours. Nice . Also rounding out the cast will be topless model, urlLink Jordan . What is this world coming to? A Fellini movie?

 Michael Jackson Party Invite As I sit here wasting time, listening to that old song, urlLink Kylie Minogue's Slow , trying to figure out what the fuck went down in that sweet brief period of time between Fred Durst and Halle Barre , the guys at Smokinggun.com have posted the invite to urlLink Jacko's post plea party . Nice.

 Susan Sarandon Hates Hillary In the latest urlLink Index Magazine -- you know, the one with the Willem Defoe wrapped in a towel on the cover trying to look freshly fucked , but actually coming off rather 'I just skipped urlLink Wooster Group rehersal to cop a sweet bag of the urlLink Vitamin H from the dope spot on Avenue C.' That Index Magazine. Anyhoo : Rachel Horovitz interviews Susan Sarandon and comes away with this tasty morsel: Rachel Horovitz : How do you feel about Hillary Clinton? Susan Sarandon : Hate her! The only thing she's going to be remembered for is standing by her man, and that is really sad. She had a shot, and she really blew it. She gave Bush the keys to the car while wagging her finger and saying 'you better not drive it, because we're going to be watching.' She turned out to be just another politician, which was really disappointing. I also think she lost a lot of support. I know a lot of people who write very large checks who have told her, 'That's it for us, don't come back.'

 Dreaming of Picasso "I was deeply depressed and dreamed of urlLink Picasso ... we were swimming in the sea and he had his back to me. I wanted to turn around and head for shore because the sky had grown overcast and the waves had started to swell. I realized how far out we were and when I lost sight of Picasso I panicked. Suddenly, I saw a face emerge from the boiling, menacing waves. It was Picasso's bald head with it's monks crown of white hair, his brown robust shoulders and powerful arms swimming, swimming, and cutting the leaden-colored waves in sharp, powerful strokes. I shouted, 'I want to turn back!' And Picasso just shook his head and said, 'No! No!' and urged me to go on. But I was exhausted and started sinking." urlLink Fellini on urlLink Picasso

 The Last Word on the Sharon Stone Crotch Shot urlLink Index Magazine finally puts to rest any questions about the infamous urlLink Sharon Stone money shot in Basic Instinct in an interview with the film's director, Paul Veerhoven , a man named Jost and urlLink Bruce la Bruce : Bruce la Bruce : With the famous scene in youe sex-thriller urlLink Basic Instinct , in which Sharon Stone uncrosses and crosses her legs, there have been rumors that she wasn't really aware of the camera angle. Paul Veerhoven : I've been trying to set the record straight about this for years! (laughs) At different times, Sharon has said a lot of contradictory things, but my recollection of that scene has always been very consistent. The shot had been thoroughly discussed with her, of course. I was there with perhaps four people, including a boom man, and Jost , the DP. She had told me that she wanted to work with a very small crew. Bruce: That's standard for a scene of this nature, I would think. Paul: Yes. So we shot it at around 7pm. And she saw all the angles, because we taped it. Since Jost and I are both Dutch, she was in the presence of two liberal people who would not be shocked by a shot like that. At the time, she had no problem with it. Bruce: people have debated the scene endlessly -- one side says it's exploitative, while the other calls it the ultimate moment of pussy power. Essentially it made Stone a superstar. Paul: During the filming, the atmosphere was very relaxed. When Sharon saw it in a theater for the first time, it was completely different. She brought in almost twenty people -- all kinds of managers, agents, and friends. I think they were affraid that the explicit shot would cancel out the strength of her star-making performance. So Sharon came up to me and said that she wanted it out. Bruce: She had a history of doing nudity in her early films, didn't she? Paul: I think she had done nudity before. She later said she was going to sue me, but of course she never did becuase she knew that she had agreed to it. In all honesty, she initially loved the scene becuase of how it symbolized female dominance.

 Family Friendly Feuds urlLink The Page Sixers report that Lowell Paxon , scion of the utterly soul-less urlLink Pax TV ( you know , the channel with the televangelists, castrated comedianas, and country music stars doing lobotomized drama ... yeah, that channel) Anyhoo: Lowell (AKA " Bud ") filed a lawsuit against his 38-year-old son, Devon Paxson and his wife , "to force them," writes Page Six, " to sell the house father and son bought jointly for $2.3 million in 2000. This would force the couple - and Paxson's grandchildren - out of the home, of which Bud owns 59 per cent and Devon 41 per cent. According to reports, the move is intended to force Devon to pony up roughly $1 million he owes his dad." Just what we need, my little pomegranates , more family values lessons from the heartland and the Christian right.

 The Chattering Class Virtual Year Book Far be it from me , lowly blogger, to impede the progress of all the primping and preening that goes on among the chattering classes. I mean, they do deserve their time to waddle in the sun being as they explain reality to the rest of the world daily, via their nesting centers in NY, DC and LA, and occasionally urlLink Davos and Sundance. Sometimes the chattering class appear to be unruly students at urlLink J K Rowlings' mythical Hogwarts , struggling in childlike wonder with The Great Questions of Good and Evil --- naked ambition versus the ermine robes of state. Imagine, if you will, urlLink Eisner or, say, Michael Powell , as urlLink Voldemortian forces lying in wait in support of media consolidation! Not too much of a wizarding stretch, I hope. Now, take away the element of magic and at other times, The Chattering Classes appear to be not unlike the urlLink birds . Imagine if you will, Barry Diller a urlLink heron , or Anna Wintour a urlLink swan , pecking at a salad, Jayson Blair (averted gaze) a urlLink turkey ("performs distraction display") and Harvey Weinstein an urlLink American Kestrel ("Pale belly"). My bird's eye view. That's just how The Corsair's fevered media-oversaturated imagination works: all wizards and warblers . The Chattering Class render their ideas in varying forms of, uhm, media: sometimes they use the standard black and white print, often radio waves, other times tv, glossy mags are the usual, even mini studios-- whatever the means of communication, there is some hawkish champion ready to express themselves, so, in the end, it is difficult to characterize The Mediaratti fully as the variety of media are matched only by the infinitude of styles and thought, limited only by the imagination; and, of course, I don't intend (or pre tend) to be the last word on the matter-- neither as Hogwarts' sorting hat nor as Audubonian birder on the prowl. Nor do I, in any way, mean this to be a complete list , but only a partial listing of those flapping wings who have crossed my radar screen. So, like the snarky and chaotic (I think the very cool urlLink Choire called me absolutely mad, and I don't dispute that claim) urlLink Gemini that I am, allow me to mix my metaphors, combining Rowlings and Ravens, to try and draw a bede on these venerable birds. Basta , now let's just coalesce all the necessary, fluttering data, my little pomegranates, and see if we cannot usher these rara avis into an aviary fitting for public consumption , uhm -- only urlLink the catty consume birds -- public observation . And so , I present, as it were, on the fly, a virtual HS yearbook (the school song a martial, Murdochian anthem, possibly in urlLink Mandarin Chinese ?), without the pictures: For your pleasure , urlLink Rupert Murdoch HS, Class of 2004 (stands at attention, hums anthem solemnly): roll credits Who's Who : Barry Diller , Headmaster, urlLink Dumbledoresque mogul standing athwart urlLink media consolidation ... white urlLink tailed tropic bird ("In pursuit of fish and squid, tropicbirds engage in graceful dives from the air.") urlLink Don Imus ... shifty-eyed leathery janitorial-type (think of the creepy Carl the Janitor in urlLink The Breakfast Club ) ... urlLink Masked Booby ("a variety of hissing and quacking notes on breeding grounds") ... urlLink Slytherin ... Affrimative Action for geeks past their expiration date urlLink Felix Dennis , (rolls eyes; extended averted gaze) sex ed ... urlLink Northern Gannett ("Guttural croak or grunt, heard only on breeding islands") ... "like most rich eccentric men, aspires to be a cigarette-smoking artist ( urlLink poet ) ... some of his lines: "As jealousy anticipates revenge/ So envy swamps compassion in its wake; Thus petty men seek insults to avenge/ And reaching for a ladder grasp a snake" ... the snake reference is obvious, but ... what-the- fuck ?! ... so, urlLink Mr. Beer and Bikini wants to thorw down poesis? ... Pussy-boy Harvey Weinstein , Mascot , who portrays a rat named Eisner ... Although Big Harv fills out the mascot costume well, his feet are dainty : he cannot fill Michael's shoes... tough guy... hangs with Pat Buchanan , Steve Brill and the Dead Rabbits , (don't ask) urlLink the school gang ... aggressively bad taste (the anti-Kurt Andersen), which becomes evident when he slices a true auteur's bacon ... Thanks for giving us urlLink Benigni , you fucker ... A/V Club ... urlLink Slytherinesque Jim Romenesko , Head, urlLink Gryffindor House ... dry wit ... Best Personality ... creator of the most significant media blog ... humor, letters, memorials and breaking news for us navel-gazers urlLink Bonnie Fuller , The urlLink Dark Arts ... "I was the girl in the front row of class with my hand held very high. And I wore glasses." ... Thanks for sharing ... Will shadenfreude turn against Bonnie? ... well known for giving her students inordinate, no, Gargantuan amounts of homework ... burning bridges, making benjamins ... gossip zeitgeist 101 ... urlLink Least Tern ("Least Terns will sometimes abandon their nests if they have been disturbed") ... doesn't play well with Jann urlLink Walter Isaacson , Diplomatic History ... urlLink Magnificent Frigate Bird ("Frigatebirds, also called man-o'-war-birds, are among the most agile of birds on the wing") ... serious man with the urlLink weight of history on his shoulders ... casts a cold eye towards the purple twilight emanating from Washington and sees, with gemlike clarity, the crisis of the West ... urlLink Time Inc and Old Man Luce's old job aint what it used to be ... waiting for something better to come along ... future Secretary of State? ... N'Orleans ... coiled potential energy ... founder , Model UN ... a good man and hard worker ... urlLink Hufflepuff Harry Evans , American History, Department Chair .. Oh, urlLink Mr. Magoo , you did it again! ... a bit distant ... house husband ... Tina Brown is his A student, Al Gore to his Marty Peretz ... writes elaborate coffee table books that no one really reads ... well liked in the media ... hosts "events" ... urlLink Glaucous Winged Gull ("A raucous series of similar notes on one pitch") Roger Ebert , Cinema, Chair ...Most European Midwesterner ever ... argumentative in a grandfatherly way ... simplistic thumbs up technique of cinema criticism ... will give at least one crappy studio picture the thumbs up per show , just so that Hollywood doesn't lock him out altogether and also to show that he has a sense of humor about poo ... would rather be watching urlLink Resnais ... what was he thinking in going with that Frat Boy, Roeper for urlLink TA ? urlLink Arianna Huffington , Women in History and Art ... Absolutely brilliant and rhetorically stunning ... Our urlLink Livia Frighteningly ambitious ... Darkly beautiful in her wraith ... Then : rival for Sally Quinn's social position as doyenne of DC; Now : so Unelected Mayor of Hollywood ... Ravenclaw ... urlLink Phoenix ("This ubiquitous legendary bird of the sun was believed to make an appearance every few hundred years or so only to die immolated in its own flames") urlLink Sidney Blumenthal ... How to brownnose your way from "objective" observer to Presidential aide ... mo urlLink re popular in Europe , while his rival, Christopher Hitchens is, ironically, urlLink more popular in America ... as smart as he is well dressed ... urlLink Ravenclaw urlLink Donald Trump , Milton Friedman Chair , Economics ... "you're fired" ... bad hair ... likes Eastern European women ... "there is no such thing as a free lunch" ... short fingered vulgarian ... purchased a modeling agency and a beauty pagent ... insatiable publicity hound ... louche : there is no other way to describe this man : turned urlLink Mar a Lago , an historic and palatial home, a masterpiece , into a pay-per-play resort (cafe society debutantes and urlLink Town and Country subscribers faint on cue) ... plasters his urlLink Hancockian signature on every monstrosity he erects... a gassbag ... a strong argument against democratic capitalism ... urlLink so Slytherin it hurts ... Aleutian Tern("Habitat: shallow bays") urlLink Steve Irwin , Care of Magical Creatures ... urlLink Mulleted ; a grown man who wears short pants .. for he so loved the aligators that he was prepared to give his child ... your typical urlLink yabbo urlLink Greta Von Susteren , Defense Against the Dark Arts ... don't let the flawless legalese fool you, this former lawyer, Gret, is also a former Swedish Foreign Exchange Student ... "is -- ya-ya ?" ... can't give her books away, God bless her ...bolted sinking AOHell for the sly FOX ... the latest lawyer turned journo to get some "face" ... and speaking of face, don't even get me started on her eyes urlLink Sue Simmons , Potions ... longtime anchor of evening news cast ... does not play well with others ... no , don't ask me why I included Sue here, I can't figure it out either ... flubs cue cards regularly urlLink The Bird ("middle finger extended to all") urlLink Maureen Dowd , Transfiguration ... sexy, hip bohemian aunt type ... apparently she dated urlLink Michael Douglas ... regularly vivisects the Bush Administration ... urlLink cardinal ("robust seed eating bird with strong bill") urlLink Ted Turner ... fired urlLink his own son ... Jane Fonda tried to hook him up with subservient urlLink Republican Bo Derek ... peacock urlLink Larry David , urlLink Hufflepuff ... urlLink hard worker ... peeves easily ... the postmodern urlLink Charlie Brown urlLink Dick Parsons , Juggling ... gee, thanks for transferring the CEO job to me right here, right now , Gerry ... urlLink Black Noddy ("Courtship consists of head nodding and fish transfers") Coach Regis Philbin , Football ... wanna be tough guy circa 1950 cred was shot when "Coach Reege" took off his shirt in protest of a referees decision and revealed unseemly "man teats" ... likes to play career-enhancing sugar daddy to younger girls ... Brylcream man ... essentially, harmless ... looks like the type of man who wears (makes bracket marks in the air) "old man" garters urlLink Martin Peretz , Civics Chair ... Does not call on African American Students ... Secretly compares every student to his star pupil, Al Gore '00 ... out of power and melancholy about it ... oh, so godamm urlLink Slytherin ... no ordinary Bird, perhaps ... a Robert Byrd ? Upperclassmen ( Intermezzo ) David Remnick , Senior ... Hufflepuff ... lends intellectual glamour to the Conde Nast set Fareed Zakaria , Senior ... dreams dark and reptilian dreams of becoming Secretary of State ... Junior Kissinger Hessian Society, founder and sole member ... Metternich was misunderstood ... regards the post at State as, "my preciousss" ... oh, just so ya know: urlLink Slytherin .... Bismark matters! ... weeps openly at Wagner's urlLink Der Ring Des Niebelungenlied when Wotan steals the ring of power ("it's so true !"). Christopher Hitchens , Senior ... formidable debater ... a good man ... The Corsair's first media mentor ... urlLink South Polar Skua ("Habitat: Open ocean") ... does not play well with Sidney Blumenthal ... pugnacious, honest ... Next Move: MSNBC Show urlLink Kurt Andersen , Senior . Most Likely to Succed ... National Honor Society ... Architecture Club ... Ham Radio ... Editor, ... dry as a martini ... Elder Brother of New York Media ... sharp eye ... highbrow aesthetics ... urlLink Osprey ("instantly recognizable even at a distance") ... Next move: PBS documentary on the Media urlLink Bill Kristol , Senior ... Most Intellectual boy ... however, misreads Plato ... didn't mesh well with Cokie and Sam ... hijacked US Foreign policy with his pen ... Most Likely to Misuse Power ... Senior Officer ... Next Move: Senior Foreign Policy Advisor urlLink Christiane Amanpour and Jamie Rubin ... The Investigators ... National Honor Society ... Power Couple ... Best All Around ... urlLink Madeline always liked him best ... She does a heck of a lot of reporting on blood, urlLink mutilation and body fluids ... is he a future Secretary of State? Over Isaacson's dead body ... she: Orianna Falaci ; he" Thomas Jefferson ::he, urlLink Owl of Minerva (""The owl of Minerva spreads its wings only with the falling of the dusk."); she: urlLink Raven ("For the rare and radiant maiden whom the angels named Amanpour/ Nameless here for evermore") ... so International Chic that it hurts urlLink Maria Bartiromo , Senior ... flirts with Francis Ford Copolla (Francis said that for her urlLink he had a part , but The Corsair believes urlLink he just wants a piece )... big waifish eyes make grown men turn to urlLink calamari estofado ... call me, Maria? ... ( The Corsair goes back to wistfully nursing a double shot of Cutty Sark) urlLink Michael Hirschorn , Senior . Best Personality ... Editor ... Most Friendly ... Full of Most Smiles ... Turned the boring campus tv station into "must see" tv ... Everybody's Favorite Cousin ... Next Move: Heading up mini prestige studio, the next Miramax urlLink David Letterman , Senior ... Number two to Leno ... Midwestern Existential Americana: observe carefully urlLink Kierkegaard's Concept of Dread play itself out on network television in real time ... mellowing out; growing up ... accepting of himself ... Varsity Football ... Wittiest ... in the reddish-bronze twilight of his career ... passes the torch and becomes a happy family man (a ream of the red states as opposed to a urlLink dream of the red mansion ) urlLink Eric Alterman , Senior ... Not handsome ... looks to be in a perpetual state of constipation ... the official face of the left ( The Corsair slowly, disgustedly claps hands sarcastically, like Bender in the urlLink Breakfast Club upon seeing Molly Ringwald apply lipstick with her breasts) ... Worst Personality ... National Honor Society ... phony liberal: rails against aristocratic hierarchy, yet covets swishy party invites to media events ... dick ... Wenner school of liberalism urlLink Andre Leon Talley , Senior ... deceptively intelligent despite position of distinction among the Conde Nast crowd, who favor, uhm, lightness of being ... Mitigating factor: Diana Vreeland watched urlLink Soul Train with him; how cool is that? ... next move James Truman's second urlLink Katrina Van Den Heuvel , Gryfindor, Senior ... pretty and brainy student of Russian poetry, history and philosophy ... Most Courteous ... waifish, idealistic and striving for the good... Best All Around ... lone voice among angry commentators ... often in over her head ... a good and honest woman ... next move: Ambassador to Russia urlLink Les Moonves , Senior, Slitherin ... Mr. urlLink Julie Chen ... a wanna be big screen thespian with a face made for for back office politics urlLink Richard Johnson , Senior ... The epitome of cool ... arbiter elegentiae , baby ... Our urlLink Petronius , and we wouldn't have it any other way ... magestic urlLink American Eagle urlLink Michael Wolff , Senior . National Honor Society ... Young Enterpeneurs ... Goes where the action is ... sharp social observer ... can be abrasive ... not afraid to mix it up in the business world, which is rare among writers ... doesn't play well with Tina ... Vanity Fair bound urlLink Anna Wintour , Senior Too Cool For School ... Winter Sports Queen ... Fashion plate ... Joined at the hip with Andre Leon Talley ... Chair, Remove the Popcorn Machines From the Cafeteria Drive ... resolved: food should have no smell ... "I need these minks killed in the most horrid way urlLink imaginable ... it adds to the lustre of the coat" ... called Cruella de Ville behind her back... cranky cause she's hungry ... I still love this frosty archetype of a woman: urlLink swan ("Color: White; Weight: About 28 pounds") urlLink Campbell Brown , Senior ... Full of the Most Smiles ... Most Courteous ... "hottie" ... What ever happened with Richard Branson that night when he stole your shoe? ... urlLink Hawk ("You may see one perched on a branch in a tree, watching for a meal to scurry by") urlLink David Hershkovits and Kim Hastreiter , Seniors. Most School Spirit ... Wittiest Couple ... nurturers of the bohemian flame ... urlLink Barn Owls ("the barn owl has eyes that face forward. This gives it depth perception, the kind of vision you have when you look through two eyes instead of one") ... next move: VH1 or E! Network show urlLink Michael Musto , Senior ... Class Favorite ... a good man: Gryffindor all the way ... Wittiest ... bohemian ... the downtown scoop ... urlLink Bird of Paradise ("Spaniards in the 16th century coined the name bird of paradise") Charlie Rose , Senior ... Has amiably carried the Dick Cavett mantle in his stately bill ... Most Courteous ... "Lawrd almighteh, when will urlLink Wallace retire so that I can take his spot!" ... Could have been a fine Democrat Senator from NC -- he has the name recognition and the looks -- but, ultimately, that doesn't pay as much as urlLink CBS and urlLink Bloomberg ... urlLink Ring Billed Gull ("Adult silvery gray on back, white on head, tail, and underparts.") Jon Stewart , Senior ... Class Clown ... urlLink Laughing Gull ("Loud, high-pitched ha-ha-ha-ha-haah-haah-haah-haah-haah") ... a good man ... urlLink Gryfindor all the way ... a good man who made us laugh after the horror of 9-11 ... national treasure urlLink Dan Rather , Senior ... Eerie serial killer-like stare (and, no, not the urlLink CBS one-eye )... Psychology Club ... Young Democrats ... signs off school Ham Radio program, "what's the frequency" ... Confused ... urlLink Thayer's Gull(" This bird has variously been considered a species of its own, a subspecies of the Herring Gull, a subspecies of the Iceland Gull, and even a hybrid of the two") ... very strang; retire Dan, retire urlLink Bill Mahar , Senior ... once class clown ... now more mature, tried by a bitchlap by the Mouse network ... chastened, now evenhanded in his insults to both right and left ... hugely talented but routinely overlooked ... urlLink Prairie Falcon ("Life is tough for a baby prairie falcon") urlLink Wolf Blitzer , Senior ... The Wolf ... A- Woo! ... "Turn up that urlLink Memphis Bleek , Wolf" ... "Stop bogarting the last beer, Wolf" ... hungry like the Wolf ... busted smuggling beer into the rooms during Senior Ski Trip ... that crazy guy ... "Road trip, Wolfmeister ! I got shotgun!" ... Best Personality ... he's not a bird, he's Wolf urlLink Brian Lamb , Senior ... Serious Thinker ... Most School Spirit ... Martin Van Buren Society, founder and sole member ... " Pat Buchanan and Steven Brill stole my lunch money!" ... perhaps the only man to own a collectirs DVD set of everything dome by Ken Burns ... genuinely and passionately in geek love with all things American ... Hufflepuffish ... Hes not a Lamb, urlLink he's a dove . urlLink Lloyd Grove , Transfer Student from DC. Started out slow, but is getting better ... the most Washington-Politics-based NY Gossip column ever ... We like Lloyd . Toby Young , expelled ... flew back to urlLink Britain ... punk ass ... urlLink chicken urlLink Pat O'Brien , Senior ... "Everyone, look at me!" ... "Demi, what do you think of me as Governor of South Dakota?" ... "Everyone, look at me !" ... urlLink Common Black Headed Gull ("various squealing notes") ... "Look at meeee " Howard Kurtz , Senior ... editor, school paper ... protective of the institution of journalism ... urlLink Great Skua-like ("They are vigorous in the defense of their nests, diving boldly at human intruders") ... Gryffindoresque ... got a little wrapped up in the urlLink K Street celebrity politics thing , but came around David Chase , Senior ... fuggedaboudit! ... ear for dialogue ... urlLink Lesser Scaup ("They're found on big water, typically lakes and deep wetlands, and aren't shy about approaching hunting decoys") Bruce Wasserman , Senior ... urlLink dates New York Mag , the head cheerleader, which comes with built in social cachet ... from geek to chic Liz Smith , Senior ... Texan ... Likes to quote intellectuals ... urlLink Flamingo ... good natured; secretly controls urlLink New York Geraldo Rivera , Senior ... gross .... kisses and tells: in print! ... the ladies bathroom wall has detailed warnings of this man's antics ... urlLink Black-Legged Kittiwake ("Very noisy on breeding grounds") ... Bette Midler ? What were you thinking when you fucked Bette Middler? urlLink Tina Brown , Senior ... Topic A: Party Girl ... Gabba, Gabba, Hey ... Secretly dating Mr. Evans, the American History Teacher ... Gossip! ... "Where's Barry Diller?" ...Wild about Harry ... "Barry?" ... urlLink Common Snipe ("A small bird with an eratic flight pattern composed of twists and dives") urlLink Graydon Carter , Senior ... Leader of the Snobby Conde Nast Clique ... Too Cool For School ... Full of the Most Smiles ... Young Democrats ... Winston Lights ... That's so First Room , Toby ... Bloomberg Sucks ... architectonic hair ... Canadian Goose("Canada geese migrate in V-shaped flocks") ... urlLink Vanitas Vanitatum urlLink Michael Barone , Senior ... Mathematics Club ... AV Club ... " Calvin Coolige Society ... " Pat Buchanan and Steve Brill stole my lunch money!" ... ... has urlLink bandy legs ... Slaty-backed Gull("similar to Great Black-backed Gull only paler") urlLink Laura Zalaznick , Senior ... Most Intellectual Girl ... Art Club ... "Did you see that documentary last night on PBS?" ... National Honor Society ... The revolution will not be televised because we are the tv revolution ... urlLink Black Skimmer ("This extraordinary bird, especially when in flight, can hardly fail to impress even the most casual observer") urlLink George Stephanopouos and Ali Wentworth , Seniors ... Golden Boy and Girl ... Twice a day? Really? ... A power coupling that has actually halved their cachet ... still the couple we love to discuss ... A Couple of Ross' Gulls("The appearance of a Ross's Gull in settled areas attracts hundreds of observers and often makes headlines in newspapers") ... decidely not Christiane and Jamie urlLink Tim Russert , Senior ... Gryffindor ... In a state of grace ... Saint Tim ... St Theresa of Avila Rosary Society ... So, you really urlLink confronted Farrakhan about the spaceship and urlLink Yakub, the black scientist who Muslims belive created the white man ? ... very cool ... Dean of Washington Press Corps urlLink Chris Matthews , Senior ... The Ego has landed ... The Assistant Dean of Washington DC ... urlLink Blue Jay ... Conservative Democrats ... understands Americana backwards and forewards ... even handed urlLink Laurie Duhe , Senior ... "Those pouty lips, those legs, those come hither eyes!" ... urlLink Iceland Gull ("Immatures are creamy buff") ... Rowrrrr urlLink Howard Stern , Junior ... King of the Geeks ... Drilled a hole in the Sumner Redstone Gym to peek at girls showering ... hides pornography in Student Lounge ... Move over Barbara Walters ... most likely to get slapped in the face during his first ABC interview with Angelina Jolie Peter Jennings , Junior ... O, Canada! ... Young Democrats ... urlLink Clark's Nutcracker ("Despite pine seed diet specialization, an opportunistic forager") urlLink Rush and Molloy , Juniors ... Cutest Couple ... Star reporters of The Daily ... Too Cool For School ... urlLink lovebirds urlLink Diane Sawyer , Senior ... Next in line now that Barbara is gone ... Nice score on the Dean interview ... stately journalist ... America's Junior Miss in 1962 ... urlLink Deep Throat ? ... urlLink Mourning Dove ("Mourning doves make a soft cooing sound") urlLink Jon Favreau , Junior ... Allegedly a "director"... Sell Out ... Not especially talented or even creative ... likes to pretend he is a vapid cigar smoking Hollywood exec even as he hosts show on IFC-- the anti-Hollywood ... ass ... urlLink Spruce Grouse ("The spruce grouse has several nicknames, such as fool's hen and fool's grouse") Dennis Miller , Junior ... Let's get this straight: Acting? Not an option ... HBO entertainment show? Nada ... urlLink Hair? Nope ... Republican Party Reptile? Priceless ... let's take a wait and see attitude re: his little "show" Cramer and Ludlow , Juniors ... Hufflepuff ... Hardest Working Man in the Media (Cramer) ... Ludlow "more tax cuts" his hair ... it isn't quite ... it isn't quite ... it isn't quite r ight Martha Stewart, Junior ... urlLink Ivory Gull ("A harsh eer ... The Ivory Gull shares the realm of the Inuit and the polar bear") Joel Klein , Junior ... No Longer Anonymous ... Once objective journo, now card carrying member of the Washington Establishment ... Kerry booster ... urlLink Heerman's Gull ("Predominantly dark") ... corrupt Establishmentarian with crows feet ... once respectable and objective Caroline Miller , Junior ... aggressive NY Times interview with boxing gloves as prop ... urlLink Black Tern ("Sharp kick; when disturbed, a shrill kreek") ... this gal is punchy! ... watch the urlLink pageboy haircut , she'll slap you silly Roger Friedman , Junior ... urlLink Quixotic feud with NY Times ... urlLink Bonaparte's Gull ("soft, nasal snarling note") Neil Strauss , Junior ... New York Times Style writer who uses urlLink geek techniques to trick girls into dating him ... ass ... Slytherin ..."I had provoked a negative reaction, but now at least we had a relationship. I just had to turn her anger around to make it a good relationship" ... fucking creepy ... vulture Underclassmen The Up and Comers urlLink Elizabeth Spiers , Sophomore ... editor of underground newspaper ... varsity cheerleader Chris Wilson , Sophomore ... social Page Sixer ... coming up on the radar urlLink Lockhart Steele , Sophomore ... Avid New Yorker ... best neighborhood site on web ... next move: City Council or NY Times Metro section urlLink Jen Chung , Sophomore ... Most School Spirit ... New Yorker ... the sex symbol of the blogosphere ... next move: NY1 Talk show urlLink The Minor Fall, The Major Lift ... the Underground, Underground Paper ... addictive reading ... the coolest threads in the blogosphere urlLink MemeFirst ... highbrow news and a dash of snark ... must reading urlLink Choire Sicha , Sophomore ... underground web site that everyone reads ... wittiest ... best personality ... we heart Choire ... next move: Vanity Fair Columnist urlLink Matt Haber , Sophomore and Jean-Paul , Sophomore ... class wit ... Most Courteous ... on the radar; in the cut urlLink Uncle Grambo , Sophomore ... Most influential urlLink Bunsen , Sophomore ... gotta get my Bunsen on urlLink Victoria Gotti , Sophomore ... Welcome to the wonderful world of publishing, fuggedaboutit! urlLink Mary Kate and Ashley , Freshmen Steve Cojocaru , Freshman Keep in Touch: Judith Regan ... Bryant Gumbell ... Garrick Utley ... Now I am going to take a rest and not relate to anything media for a while. If you enjoyed this, guys, please bookmark me. Cheers, Ron Mwangaguhunga AKA The Corsair

 Sammy Convalesces " Sinatra ... nursed ( Sammy Davis, Jr .) back to health and to performing agfain after the 1954 automobile wreck on the desert highway between Palm Springs and L.A. that cost him his eye. "I have never seen anyone more caring and generous than Mr. S(inatra) in that crisis. He was the ultimate stand up guy. Despite his hatred for hospitals, he visited Sammy constantly in San Benardino Community Hospital and made sure he had the finest specialists braught in from L.A. to treat him. On a psychic level, he used his own comeback as the example that gave Sammy the strength to return to performing, bucking him up ever day and making one-eye jokes that somehow took the curse off Sammy's disability. Mr. S also used all his power to arrange Sammy's famous comeback engagement at urlLink Ciro's on the Sunset Strip , and making sure that every big name in Hollywood was there on opening night to cheer Sammy on. "Meanwhile he had installed Sammy in the Palm Springs house to recouperate and prepare for his fateful return engagement. Mr. S had me stay at the house to be at Sammy's service for the three weeks he was there, cooking whatever he dreamed of, rounding up the broads he dreamed of. I'd help him light his endless cigarettes until he could practice enough with his left eye to get his field of vision straight. Sometimes, when he'd end up lighting the tip of his nose instead of the cigarette, he'd break down crying in frustration that he'd never get it back again. 'Shit, Sam,' I'd console him.'You get to see more out of your left eye than a thousand guys see outta two. You're gonna make it. Don't waste that good eye on fucking tears." And he'd stop, and try again, and soon he was striking up matches like old times." urlLink Mr. S, My Life With Frank Sinatra , by George Jacobs and William Stadiem

 These Lovely Bonesmen "I remember, when I was a child, being taken to to the celebrated Barnum's circus, which contained an exhibition of freaks and monstrosities, but the exhibit on the programme which I most desired to see was the one described as 'The Boneless Wonder.' My parents judged that that spectacle would be too demoralizing and revolting for my youthful eyes ..." Winston Churchill , urlLink Speech in The House of Commons , January 28, 1931" A Reagan aide once referred to George Bush , then a contestant for the Presidency, but eventually President number 41 , as, "a Yalie, a preppie, a sissy." Bush 41 was also, by the way, a Bonesman, like his father, urlLink Prescott , and, his son, urlLink George Bush , who eventually became President number 43 . Now, what is interesting is the prospect that the front runner for the Democratic ticket is John Kerry , also a Yalie, and also a Bonesman, albeit a Botoxed one. So, oddly, we have the prospect of two Bonesmen going at it skeleton-to-skeleton for the Presidency of the United States of America. What does this all mean? Well, for one it means that should Kerry get the nod, every goddam network news program from here to Antarctica will do feature stories on urlLink Skull and Bones . 2) From point one, we can make the logical leap to point two, namely that said feature stories will prompt every major crackpot in the world not on their medication with a theory on (makes quotation gestures into the air) "The New World Order" (secretive wink) will be flapping their gums. urlLink Those Freaky Larouchies will be foremost among the rabble, interrupting Presidential debates and causing all sorts of ruckus and yam yam with hand-drawn messages on cardboard. 3) Following from the rise of unmedicated freaks on our streets, bitter Yalie, urlLink Alexandra Robbins , who was not tapped to be in Skull and Bones will continue her "Hell Hath No Fury Like a Woman Scorned" tour, railing against the secret society (and, subsequently, another generation of Bonesmen and women will wonder why they didn't just pick the whiny baby to get her off their backs). 4) urlLink Native American Warrior Geronimo's skull -- the Sacred Skull -- reportedly stolen by Bush patriarch Prescott will be mysteriously returned to the Apache tribe -- no questions asked . 5) Tom Brokaw will ask Kerry at the debate whether he can maintain the "Bones Code of Silence" and still run as a Middle Class populist. Also, at the same debate, it will be asked whether or not the Russell Trust Association bestows $15,000 on each Bonesman upon graduation, simmering resentments that the Democratic candidate has blood as blue as the Republican. 6) The next inaugural swearing in will have Chief Justice Rehnquist ending the ceremony by saying "By order of our order, I dub thee knight of Euloga." Should be interesting .

 Henry Rollins as Talk Show Host I am not a fan , per se, of Henry Rollins , although do I think that he is an interesting specimen of disaffected white urban aggression. I was never really a (makes bracket sign in the air) "punk" kid -- my childhood was a fairly happy affair. But if I were inclined to be punkish in temperament, urlLink Rollins would not be my punk icon. urlLink He's a sell out , frankly. Rollins once said in an interview on the subject of Madonna : "Madonna recently put out a couple of platinum albums, a movie, a few videos and is well into an ass-whomping tour. The promoter here in Los Angeles estimates that she could have sold out The Forum three times over. 60,000 people? That is pretty substantial. This is not due to a fluke, a twist of fate or a miracle. Her movie, Desperately Seeking Susan is good. Her albums have well arranged, well executed tunes. The production is fantastic. Her videos are well done, very well done" (excerpted from Madonna OK in his collection of essays and spoken-word transcriptions urlLink Polio Flesh ). You see what I mean? -- he wants to be loved by The Music Establishment ... he desires to be on that Vanity Fair cover, in between Quincy Jones (although, he'd call him 'Q' ) and Liz Phair , chuckling about a "crazy gig" the night before. He wants to be that man. Badly . Rollins is perhaps the only somewhat talented musician in the industry who craves Grammy's for validity, and, more important than that, the prime time real estate on network tv in which to speechify after the fact. His shifty puppy dog eyes and that air of aggression relay the odor of a bad childhood (which is not his fault). But, on the bright side: This is a key to celebrity: the desire for acceptance, the need for approval, the insatiable compulsion to make everyone pay attention to you. Which leads me to the question -- why am I writing about Rollins? Well, I think Rollins could turn that unfulfilled ambition into a magnificent late night talk show, possibly for VH1. No way! Way. Rollins has odd masculinity issues. He overcompensates. The tattoos. The sneer. The whole (makes sweeping bracket gestures in the air) "being typecast as a cop thing." It reeks of authority issues and the lack or overinvolvement of a male authority figure in his youth. Whatever the case, his pathology would feed into a late night talkshow marvelously. Imagine Rollins interviewing, oh, say, Keith Richards. Imagine the puppy dog affectionate eyes that Rollins would throw his way. Now -- imagine how Richards might react? ... Priceless. Now, imagine that Madonna would throw caution to the wind and allow herself to be interviewed by this mess of Ego and Id. Follow me? The need for approval by this Grande Dame of the music industry would make for some amazing tv. Again: ... Priceless. Let me not even throw Ice Cube , or Busta Rhymes , or Justin Timberlake into the mix. And as we go to break, Henry could show some us some tats and rant with his band some dissonant post-punk music. Think of the audience: Men 18-34 would like to see this more than the unwatchable Jimmy Kimbell (someone please sink that Titanic). Come on VH1, add Henry Rollins: The Spoken Word to your line up.

 Victoria Gotti Gets It Wrong I hope the Gotti family doesn't come after me for this (performs a urlLink Capriole , dodging swingling meat hook). I really do. I am paranoid enough having just published a compendium of the Bush Twins' underage drinking exploits without having to worry about a swarthy Sicilian man, sucking on a horsetooth, accosting me as I order my urlLink life-giving Cutty Sark from the neighborhood lounge. A lot of journos make mistakes -- I know I have. The Cindy Margolis-Tara Reid catfight comes to mind, which, apparently, never happened, although The Corsair blogged overheatedly about what a sexy thing it would be (sorry). If only one could wish something so hard that it would actually be ... Anyhoo : for Victoria Gotti -- incidentally, what are her qualifications to be urlLink editor at American Media's Red Carpet ? I mean: other than a sordid last name -- to publish an uncorroborated interview with JLo is beyond th pale: it's just wrong on so many levels . I am stunned but not surprised that the New York media circuit is so silent on this matter. Well, urlLink God Bless Page Six for taking it on, anyway. Maybe we just do not think of Gotti as a Jayson Blair because The Star is only a celebrity rage and not urlLink The Old Gray Lady . Maybe it is because Gotti (performs a rapid demi-pointe, then a side demi-pointe, gently extracting head from a vice) did it only one time and she is very new to this game and is busy with her reality show on urlLink A & E ( fuck! Remember when urlLink A & E used to fun first class French art house flics?). Page Six reports: "'Obviously, urlLink they did not have a sit-down interview to get two sentences . And obviously Victoria is in New York and J.Lo is in Los Angeles . . . [but] Victoria got the information in a stand-up way that was fact-checked and legaled.' Sources say Gotti wrung an innocuous quote out of the Lopez camp by pleading that she was under tremendous pressure from her notoriously tough boss, Star editorial director Bonnie Fuller , to come up with scoops.'" So maybe there is a lesson in there to Bonnie "The Slavedriver" Fuller, and to organizations like The Daily News, which made the quote the basis for a cover story, and maybe it is a lesson to Victoria Gotti (performs a sequito grave a tordiglione, thereby avoiding a flying baseball bat) Now, please don't have me sleep with the fishies ?

 Do 40% of the People Watch the Superbowl for the Ads? "Super Bowl ads have become so big that 40% of the audience watching the game tunes in just for the ads," writes Phyllis Furman in urlLink today's Daily News . Say what?! That cannot be right. "In fact, only 9 percent of adults plan to watch the game just for the ads, and that number is down from last year's 14 percent and at its lowest level in eight years, according to a new report from Baltimore advertising firm urlLink Eisner Communications ," writes A.J. Livsey in Media Life Magazine. The interview continues: ?'This may be more of a reflection on the quality of the last few years of Super Bowl ads and the higher quality of advertising seen throughout the year than a reflection that the Super Bowl is a bad advertising investment,' says Eisner senior vice president David Blum ." Which reminds me of an interview I did years ago with urlLink Macromedia CEO Rob Burgess . I asked his whether or not he was planning on a Superbowl ad. He responded, with a hardly concealed laugh that he was the CEO of a publicly traded company and there was no way he could justify to his shareholders spending millions on a minute of ad time. And as a media-obsessed blogger there is no way I can justify the practice of watching the Superbowl just to see the commercials.

 Burn, Eisner, Burn On his left flank, sitting upright, bolt straight, is urlLink Roy Disney, Jr -- The Popular One -- using the urlLink bully pulpit of his name to call for Eisner's ouster . Filled with Old Testament thunder and the corporate family name, Roy Disney is a formidable opponent. And on Eisner's right is the surefire stock market plunge that Disney ( urlLink down 2.7% at press time) will take after he misplaying hardball with Pixar ( urlLink up 3.3% at press time) ... urlLink a game so bitterly lost . For years urlLink I have dogged Michael Eisner's Simian ass . He has been ridiculous in his dealings with Pixar , which is the centerpiece, nay, the pearl of urlLink Disney's animation operation. In point of fact , it is on the backs on profits eked from it's parasitic deal with Pixar that Eisner -- who holds onto the reins of power at Disney ("my preciousss ") with the urlLink tenacity of an African dictator -- urlLink still has a fucking job . Eisner was playing the prototypical overmanly Hollywood power game -- talk tough, urlLink concede nothing , bully, hector and, when all else fails, threaten lawsuit -- on Steve Jobs . You know, in Power Player fashion he was just fucking with Job's' head. Why? Dont ask me. But now Eisner, the rat who may sink Disney, has handed over to his competition a sorely needed asset . And what would happen (takes out The Corsair's infamous crystal ball, spinkles some Haitian herbs, and says some juju) if Steve Jobs hammers out a deal with, oh, say --- Jeffrey Katzenberg's urlLink SKG ? Huh? What then, fucker? I'll tell you what : Eisner's ego will have given his arch nemesis -- urlLink "the midget" -- the tool needed to break Disney's animation back. Pixar's every victory over Disney will be fussed over by the Hollywood press and agonized over by shareholders who lost out becuase Eisner was looking out for his ego. I could easily see Steve Jobs being that vengeful a motherfucker and SKG offering a very sweet deal indeed to indulge him. A sweet deal for Jobs but a bitter one for Eisner and a Cruella de Ville of a nightmare for Eisner's shareholders. Here's what I wrote on November 19, 2003: Why Is Eisner Still At Disney? Wasn't November supposed to be the month that Eisner either showed some miraculous growth numbers for urlLink Disney or he was to be shown the door? urlLink Sheesh . Will someone fire urlLink Michael Eisner already ! We all know that he is antagonizing Steve Jobs and the guys at Pixar who are singlehandedly urlLink saving Disney's bacon. Michael Wolff made an interesting comment on Eisner a while ago in his column in New York . Eisner has made himself indispensible at Disney. He has a large amount of shares and, like an African dictator, he has never groomed a succesor. So it would be hard to fire Eisner without greatly affecting the already bad stock price. Sad that a public company has to be held hostage to the Hollywood tactics of a real punk like Michael Eisner. Will the Board of Directors react? only time will tell.

 Smackdown: Fox 411's Roger Friedman vs Vanity Fair's Maureen Orth Fresh off of his mini feud with Sharon Waxman of urlLink The New York Times , Fox 411's pugnacious scribbler Roger Friedman is now picking a bone with urlLink Vanity Fair's Maureen Orth . Friedman writes in 411: " Vanity Fair magazine issued a press release yesterday about their new Michael Jackson story, and the whole thing sounds pretty funny. "It turns out that writer Maureen Orth , whom I have cited before as lifting material from this column and other places in her recent Jackson reporting, got her latest scoops from urlLink the National Enquirer . "The Vanity Fair press release breathlessly announces that Jackson plied his 12-year-old accuser with wine and called it 'Jesus Juice.' Big news, indeed!" Ouch . Friedman goes on to complain that Orth's news that Jacko gave sleeping pills and wine to the accuser came from urlLink his November 19th story , but the quote Jesus Jusice came from the Enquirer. Friedman goes for the jugular: "But people's memories are short, and Orth's clip reading is deep. I think the National Enquirer -- which gets a lot of flack and is never taken seriously -- should go after Vanity Fair. " Oh, Roger, come on now: can't we all just get along ? Let's not all fight over the Jesus Juice. There's enough Jesus Juice for everybody.

 Angie, Pam Anderson and Howard It was quite the threesome this morning on urlLink The Howard Stern Radio Show ! Stern, who has lately taken to boasting on air that he has taken over Barbara Walter's position at ABC, was in rare form today, reliving make out sessions in studio with two former Playboy Playmates. First up was hottie urlLink Angie Everhart , who was on promoting her urlLink lingerie bowl superbowl halftime special . As quick as Rudy Giuliani dropped his bad combover as a result of his newfound 9-11 street cred, Stern moved on to his relationship with the ex model. Apparently, Stern took a page out of Sean Penn's *alleged* bondage incident involving his then-wife Madonna ... *allegedly*. Stern admitted to tying Everhart up and then leaving her alone in a hotel room. "You were bad," said Stern, by way of explanation. As the show progressed, Everhart hinted that she was not quite pleased about the incident. "I think I used scarves," the shock jock explained. Everhart later said of her relationship with Stern, "it was tender ... except for that tying up thing." And concluding, "I got a wonderful friend (out of the relationship), I have no regrets." And then came erstwhile urlLink Jane Magazine columnist Pam Anderson . Show producer Gary Dell'abate interrupted Angie and Howard to say that Anderson, an urlLink animal rights activist , has spotted Everhart's fur lined Gucci coat in the green room. "The b-word might have been used," offered Dell' abate. "That's all right," replied Everhart,"she can be mad at me... she wears leather soled shoes, doesn't she " And with that, Anderson was quickly ushered into the studio. "(furriers) anally electrocute animals, and they're not even dead and they skin them," explained the former Playmate, in a stream of consciousness. "I have four dogs , a cat and a horse and knowing that, it hurts," replied Everhart, also a former Playmate. But it was all good between the three after peace and animal rights were asserted on all sides, and the two realized that they had Howard Stern in common. Pam quickly asked about the sex. "What's it like?" asked Pam. " Good ," replied Everhart, girl-to-girl and 10 million listeners. "We kissed," replied Pam. "--No tongue," added Howard. "I'll remember it forever," concluded Pam, wistfully, "because he'll never let me forget." And all this before my morning coffee.

 The Smoking Gun's On The Case The intrepid folks at the uber court document of site of celebrity, TheSmokingGun report that the Sopranos made urlLink Best Buy an offer urlLink they could not refuse . According to the site: "Eight cast members from urlLink The Sopranos will whack up a $1.5 million payout from the electronics chain as part of a confidential settlement of a legal beef, urlLink The Smoking Gun has learned . Last January, James Gandolfini , Edie Falco , Lorraine Bracco , and several co-stars filed suit over a urlLink Best Buy newspaper ad containing a photo of the cast posing on a New Jersey boardwalk. The actors alleged that the retail giant misappropriated their images. The case was closed out last month when the parties signed the below settlement agreement, which includes a pledge of omerta when it comes to specifics of the financial terms. The document does not indicate whether the boss, Gandolfini, gets a larger taste of those seven figures. But what's unclear is why four other cast members pictured in the Best Buy ad -- Dominic Chianese (Uncle Junior), Aida Turturro (Janice Soprano), Drea de Matteo (Adriana La Cerva), and Joe Pantoliano (Ralph Cifaretto)--did not join in the lawsuit or benefit from the settlement." Then again, Best Buy urlLink does not have the most spotless of records among consumer electronic stores . Ripoffreport.com has quite a few disgruntled reports of everything from urlLink bad customer service to urlLink refusing to honor rebates . Anyhoo : TheSmokingGun offers another interesting piece of data. Yeah, yeah, I'm sure that you heard about urlLink James Brown's latest brush with the law re: domestic violence --- pfft . But did you see the freaky misspelled ad that urlLink James Brown had published in Variety last July ? The Corsair wasn't around last July, or maybe I was just rollin' down the street smokin' endo sippin' on " urlLink Jesus Juice ," but the ad reads, in part: "Due to Mr. James Brown and urlLink Tomi Rea Brown's heavy and demanding tour schedule, they have decided to go their seperate ways. There are no hard feelings, just a mutual show business decision made by both parties." The decision was made "for the benefit of their carriers " I think he meant careers. In the accompanying photo, James Brown , Tomi Rea Brown , James Joseph Brown II , are all smiling at Walt Disney World posing with Goofy.

 Apprentice Want to Tear Trump's Hair Out urlLink Apprentice contestant and firee Sam Solovey , a one time interactive media vet, told urlLink Media Life that he wanted to "crawl across the table and pull the hair out of Donald Trump's head " when he first heard that he was fired. "I was devastated. "In the back of my mind I saw it coming, but the reality of the moment was overwhelming. I had never heard those words before and they physically hit me --l ike getting shot between the eyes." He concluded, "I have a sense of humor about the whole experience and realize that this is probably going to be my 15 minutes of fame. "I've got about three minutes left. There are no delusions of grandeur from this contestant." Actually I count 1.5 minutes left, but just so we are all on the same page ...

 The Youth Gone Wild That significant cultural artifact, Star Magazine today comes out with a compendium of urlLink the wild and crazy antics of the daughters of President Bush , usually involving booze. And while those antics are completely normal to any red blooded American kid (please don't send the secret service on me), the twins Jenna and Barbara have their fun with the involvement of a considerably greater cash flow than you or me. urlLink David Caplan writes, "'They both really like to have fun,' says Ann Gerhart , author of urlLink The Perfect Wife , a new book about First Lady Laura Bush . 'But Laura Bush really adores their energy and spirit.' Some of that energy and that spirit: "In October of 2000, as a freshman at Yale University in New Haven, Conn., Barbara was caught attempting to use a fake I.D. at a local watering hole, urlLink Toad's Place . "She was polite, but she definitely argued with me to get it back," said the staffer who busted her. "In spring 2001, Barbara Bush and some pals gave the Secret Service agents the slip while driving from Yale to New York City to attend a wrestling match. 'There's been animosity between the twins and the Secret Service from the beginning,' author Gerhart tells Star. 'They wanted their freedom.' "Cops spotted Jenna and some friends drinking during the early hours of April 27, 2001, at urlLink Cheers Shot Bar in Austin, Tex., and handed her a citation. At the time, the First Lady's spokeswoman said, 'We respect the privacy of this young woman and we're not going to comment on her personal life.' "On May 29, 2001, Texas police charged Barbara with underage drinking, and Jenna with trying to use a false I.D at urlLink Chuy's restaurant in Austin . Both cases were dismissed after the girls each paid $100 fines and performed community service. "While vacationing in St. Tropez, France in July 2002, Jenna and a pair of gal pals headed to the tony resort town's trendy urlLink Caves du Roy nightclub, where they reportedly polished off a $225 bottle of vodka and a bottle of tequila. While considered underage in the U.S., they were of legal drinking age in France. C'est la vie. "On June 26, 2002, then-under-age Barbara and Jenna were seen kicking back Budweisers and chain-smoking cigarettes with a group of friends well past midnight at urlLink Stetson's , a Texas-themed bar in Washington, D.C. "The twins met Ashton Kutcher and a pal a couple of years ago at a Nike party and headed back to Ashton's place. 'The Bushes were underage drinking at my house,' Ashton later told a reporter. "In August 2003, Barbara kicked back shots at a birthday celebration for a fellow Yale grad at the trendy NYC haunt urlLink Capitale . The group's final tab? $1,100." And while, of course, there is nothing wrong per se with underage drinking (legalese be damned!), the twins do it in trendy spots in DC, NY and Saint Tropez while hanging with A-List celebrities, while The Corsair did it in a bodega in Manhattan while cutting classes. And there were no $225 bottles of tequila involved here, my little pomegranates, no: I was all about the 40s of urlLink Olde English 800 at 17. I'm olde school like that. Gee, urlLink the rich are different

 Halle Berre Collides With Equipment I don't know why , but beautiful people are often clumsy. It is almost as if their ethereal natures are meant for more rarified air than that which exists here. So, trapped in the musty atmosphere of planet earth, they appear clumsy and fragile. urlLink Winona Rider fractured her arm during those shoplifting trials. Then Berry broke her arm while filming Gothika , and even before that urlLink injured her eye shooting Die Another Day . urlLink CNN.com says: "The accident was minor, Everett said Tuesday, denying reports that the Oscar-winning Monster's Ball actress was hit in the head with a microphone boom and spent six hours in a hospital waiting room." Three lives, six more to go, Catwoman. Maybe the Catwoman suit should be armored?

 Courtney Cox Pays Up The fellas at urlLink TheSmokingGun have done it again. They post documnets from a case settled by Courtney Cox in the "fraudulent conveyance" case of that Jagged Little Pill, Dana Giacchetto . urlLink TheSmokingGun writes: "Cox is the latest celebrity to settle a 'fraudulent conveyance' lawsuit brought by the court-appointed trustee overseeing the financial urlLink ruins of urlLink The Cassandra Group , once headed by the thieving Giacchetto, a felon who once called Tobey Maguire and Leonardo DiCaprio friends. In August 2000, Giacchetto pleaded guilty to defrauding his lesser-known clients of millions and diverting some of those funds to A-list clients like Cox, Cameron Diaz , and Alanis Morissette (the stars unwittingly believed the money represented legitimate investment returns). Giacchetto spent 28 months in federal custody for his swindles." damn. Anyhoo : in the text of the six pages of snooze inducing chlorofom, we learn that urlLink Courtney's middle name is Bass .

 Ron Jeremy Gets Tammy Faye's Phone Number It must be a slow week of shadenfreude for urlLink National Enquirer , which reports that adult film "star" Ron Jeremy and the wife of a disgraced televangelist, Tammy Faye Messner , are "bosom buddies." EEeeeeeeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwww! Rick Egusquiza writes: "The pair discovered they had more in common than they ever dreamed of after their initial meeting on urlLink the WB reality show , which features a strange assortment of celebrities living together. "'Tammy Faye was a living doll,' Jeremy told The ENQUIRER in an exclusive interview. 'She's a real cutie. "'I wasn't expecting that a Jewish adult filmmaker and a televangelist would click, but we did! "'Even though Tammy is very religious, she's got a live-and-let-live attitude. She'll never endorse pornography, but that's O.K. We frequently discussed religion, and I would smack somebody if they ever tried to take her Bible away. "'Tammy's also got a great laugh -- and we even danced together. I respect her and vice-versa. We were so close that whenever Tammy got emotional and her tears started flowing, I felt like crying, too.' Egusquiza continues: "Jeremy, 50, also reveals he had a very special wake-up service during filming of the show. " 'Erik Estrada would wake me up each morning with a cup of coffee and a song.' "As for the future of his friendship with 61-year-old Tammy Faye, Jeremy reveals to ENQUIRER readers: 'I have her phone number and we'll be keeping in touch. Who would have thought?'" urlLink Fellini.

 Faith Evans Mugshot Why are urlLink Biggie and urlLink Tupac going to heaven? Cause they both had urlLink Faith Okay, it was a bad and tasteless joke, but I couldn't think of any other caption to the Faith Evans drug bust story. The snark just isn't flowing today. My Libra must be in transit or something.

 Conde Nast's Disappointing Style When I think of Conde Nast several dominant characteristics immediately pop into mind. One, glamour . Two, a dearth of African Americans on staff. Three, style . So, in passing over my second objection and focusing on the third, it is surprising to me that on the style count, Conde was a bit lacking in regards to their big send off of urlLink Steve Florio at the final publisher's meeting in Key Largo, Fla. For one, Kevin Kelly of the New York Post urlLink informs us that : "The music for the dinner dance on the final night was supplied by KC and the Sunshine Band, still going strong after 30 years." What-the- fuck ? urlLink KC and the motherfucking Sunshine Band ?! Not urlLink Parliament or even urlLink Chicago ? Did S.I. Newhouse Jr ., chairman of Conde Nast "shake-shake-shake ... shake" shake his booty ? Well, no he didn't; in fact he wasn't there, but in his place, Kelly writes, "(Newhouse) made sure his CEO for the past 10 years went out with a bang by presenting him with a Steuben crystal sculpture on black marble." Hmm . Okay: at the risk of exposing an until now dormant metrosexuality, wouldn't urlLink Lalique crystal have been the better gift? And wouldn't the guys at Conde Nast be well aware of something like that ? Since when has The Corsair been the one to correct the arbiters elegentiae at Conde Nast on their sense of glassware ?

 Stop With The Fucking Text Messages! ( Update : The most excellent urlLink Rush and Molloy report that both Kidman and Cruise's PR people deny that the incident took place) urlLink Britain's 3AM Girls give us an interesting scoop about the cold front that exists between Cold Mountain helmer Nicole Kidman and her ex husband Tom Cruise . Sure , their break up was bitter, leaving Kidman adrift in a sea of sharkish paparazzi, not to mention urlLink Lenny Kravitz . But who knew that after all these years there is still, well, rage . Apparently Cruise was writing Kidman unsolicited text messages. The 3AM gals write: "Cold Mountain star Nicole, who lost out to Charlize Theron in the best actress category, marched up to Tom and snapped: 'Can you please stop sending me those stupid f***ing text messages?!'" Oh, it's on like urlLink Grey Poupon ! They continue: "Startled Tom, who also missed out on a gong for his performance in The Last Samurai , hissed: 'Not here, Nicole!' "The furious exchange left onlookers stunned and is bound to shatter the myth that, despite their divorce, the couple remain the best of friends." The Corsair leans towards screen, riveted "'It all happened so quickly,' a shocked witness tells us." The Corsair shakes his media addled head, knowingly: doesn't it always ? " 'Nicole went up to Tom and it looked like they were just going to have a catch-up chat. But Nicole had an ice-cold look on her face. She grabbed his hand, squeezed it and then started telling him that she was fed up with his texts and wanted them to stop. "Tom made it clear that it was neither the time or place for such a conversation. He didn't want to be drawn into a public slanging match. Everyone was talking about it afterwards. It's not every day you get the biggest names in Hollywood bickering like teenagers. "Goodness knows what the texts said but they left her with steam coming out of her ears. The fact that she didn't win anything at the awards can't have helped." And so , in snarky fashion, here are some possible text messages that Tom may have sent to Nic: 1) That dress does not flatteringly expose your urlLink cold mountains 2) The Best Actor in a Drama category, which you have duly announced, is an almost complete chronicle of your romantic life during the past year. Does that offer you any personal insights ? 3) urlLink Charlize brings off yellow better than you do. 4) Lose the urlLink headband 5) Where's urlLink Lenny ? Oh Nicole, I love you, but how could I resist ?

 Lloyd Grove is Getting Stronger There is no question about it, urlLink Lloyd Grove's Lowdown is improving. I mean, no, it's not the consistently solid urlLink Rush and Molloy or the magnificent urlLink Page Six , but it is consistently okay, which is much better than it was a few months ago. So, Media Life asked Grove which recent stories have provoked the most reaction, he answered: "I probably have done between 300 and 400 items since I started the column, but some standouts that come to mind are: scooping the world on Gwyneth Paltrow's pregnancy, ripping the cover off the sexually explicit Abercrombie and Fitch Quarterly , and reporting Kerry Kennedy Cuomo reading the riot act at Michael's to Dan Klores over his spinning of her split from Andrew. I know, I know I was hard on our man Grove. On November 13th, I actually wrote: "Lloyd Grove Job watch How long do you think Lloyd Grove will survive in this town if he recycles old Jackie Kennedy gossip about her priest/confidante? "I mean, The Corsair loves Rush and Molloy . Those guys know how to hustle and get the scoop. And of course The Corsair loves Page Six . But Lloyd Grove is the worst. I don't think I have ever read something that made me widen my eyes in wonder. " The Corsair gives Grove another two months before the mercurial Mort Zuckerman sends him packing back to K Street." Ouch (cringes). How does one correct such a wicked post? To paraphrase urlLink Chicago , sweet Lloyd: "Everybody needs a little time away, I heard her say, from each other / Even lover's need a holiday far away from each other /" Hold me now . It's hard for me to say I'm sorry. I just want you to stay." Keep on keeping on , Lloyd

 My Trio reprinted: January 10th: I suppose Time Magazine's Joel Stein is an urlLink okay kind of guy . I've never met him. He seems to have a bit of a wit, however dry , for someone who works at Time Magazine , the world's capitol of gravitas and all that . In the end, though, there is nothing wrong with Joel Stein that a robust multivitamin couldn't remedy. But what was he thinking when Trio TV gave him the urlLink gig of a lifetime ? I mean, who wants to watch endless hours of Battle of the Network Stars ? I mean, seriously , who even watched Battle of the Network stars back then, when Telly Savalas and Gabe Kaplan had juice and ruled the roost? Not me : and I was ever the hip 6 year old with emergent media antennae outstretched towards the avant garde world of urlLink Schoolhouse Rock's Figure Eight song on the melancholy of infinity and urlLink The Land of the Lost . Now, If Laura Zalaznick of Trio Tv called The Corsair tommorrow (call me, Laura, call ... me ...) and asked: What low budget high quality shows would you program for Trio TV? Remember, we only have a fraction of the network budgets, but we want high quality. I would say: Laura, have you ever read my blog? I am all about low budget high quality. Anyhoo : These are some of my picks: Dummy . urlLink Gritty 70s drama of urban social decline -- thanks, Ed Koch ! Asshole ! Back in the Koch day, NYC was all pimps with straightrazors and greaser glue sniffing graffiti punks roaming the streets in search of ultraviolence. Koch turned NYC into a Guns n Roses video, with Mr. Brownstone creeping around Central Park in a raincoat with nothing on underneath! Get this plot, though, peeps: LeVar Burton plays a deaf and dumb mute who is framed for the death of a prostitute (Kuta Kinte, you are a framed man!). But will we get justice for the amiable host of urlLink Reading Rainbow ? Anyhoo : Will a young Paul Sorvino get him redemption when he cannot even communicate with his morose client? Or will "Dummy" just become another urban statistic on the Koch street? Despite the overall bleakness, this a very, very cool slice of social commentary. Masterpiece Theater: Last of the Mohicans . No, not the cheesy Michael Mann MTV video with Daniel Day Lewis and Madeline Stowe overproduced romance to the lowest common denominator. No , this one was the real deal . The French and Indian War , my little pomegranates. Colonial wars involving trappers and Native Americans dressed in coonskin and caribou, muskets at the ready. The Massachusetts Bay Colonizers and what not . Dodgy alliances based on mutual interests, snow and the fate of North America -- we're talking the French and Indian War, people , work with me here . The drama , fo' shizit. For some bizarre reason the Masterpiece Theater programs made in the 70s -- arguably the best programming of all time -- languish in someone's vault, uncherished and unsung. American history geek? (raises hand sheepishly) Present . Alice: I've always wondered if this was a comedy or a tragedy , or perhaps that significant 70s artistic construct, the (flexes fingers) "dramedy." Single mom who sings Bradway showtunes working to support her kid in Arizona on diner tips. Fuck ! It's a hard knock life. I'd imagine that singing "There's a New Girl In Town" ought to really get those coffee refil tips into the bathysphere out there in Phoenix . I'm sure the serial killer truck drivers en route to the Pacific Northwest on one hours sleep, a thermos full of coffee, tweaking from the crank with a meat cleaver under the diner stool are really up and around to hearing broadway medley's a la Our Alice, no ? "How about a little Irving Berlin whilst I carve up the dingy broad" -- "might I suggest a breathless version of urlLink Marie from Sunny Italy ?" Better yet , Alice Hyatt , thou repository of the standards of urlLink The Great White Way , stick with Florence "Flo" Castleberry's crafty urlLink weltanshauung : a leathery-Southwestern oversexed outlook on truckstop flings and a pipin hot "kiss my grits!" for the cheapskates. Imagine if that show were pitched nowadays . Only David Lynch would know what to do with it. Without the laugh track, Alice could easily be an American drama drenched in pathos, like Dreiser's Sister Carrie --only more chilling. Take away the laugh track, throw in some creepy Lynchian music, or maybe some urlLink John Cage , and you've turned a dramedy into Americana horror . In all likelihood, Alice would end up on the evening news having sung ill-advisedly some Mel Torme to a guy who insisted that he "was not the one." Lil' Tommy would be shackin up with the crank smoking Vera faster than Mel could re-lard his pork chops or Flo could pitch woo in her mobile home. No ... urlLink Alice doesn't live here anymore . Don't even get us started on the great Vic Tayback banging the pick up bell with his spatula like the true character actor he was. Dating those seedy Phoenix chicks well past their expiration date. A diner owner is royalty in the A-Z, you better recognize! Americana horror is the genre. May Mel Sharples rest in a urlLink greasy kind of peace . Pink uniforms, ah, Mel, read much de Beauvoir ? Just looking back I cannot believe I just wrote this much about Alice the tv show (holds his head in shame) Rich Man Poor Man: Observe Nick Nolte before the fermented grape robbed him of his marginal looks, then again, there is charm in Nolte's urlLink whiskey ravaged grim visage . If Nolte can be a star then so, dammit, can anyone. Earns props for Teachers , slo. He counts . In both North Dallas 40 and Teachers Nolte plays a disenchanted member of the middle america with his job. He was a Gephardt man before his time, methinks. Poldark: This cult British tv series is quite habit forming. Incredible. Just urlLink incredible . A period piece that is a cross between Wuthering Heights , the Mayor of Casterbridge and Le Liaisons Dangereuse but with a compelling soap opera character at its heart. A guilty high quality pleasure. You get sucked in to this costume drama that is one part Danielle Steele and one part high art. Assorted Good Times episodes: Come on, you know you had a crush on Wilona ("and you too, Wilomena" said the archetypical corrupt pol, Alderman Davis ) when you were kid, didn't you; or, if you were a girl, Bookman the janitor was your long, cold drink of water . What, you never saw a black man doing a John Wayne impression, pilgrim ? And you know in your heart Wilona saved Janet Jackson from falling down that elevator shaft while trying to escape her mom who beat her with a hot iron just before she became Willis' girl, then Cleo on Fame, then the ill-starred Ms. deBarge. Remember the episode where Michael gets crunk off some dodgy ghetto "health tonic" (aka muscatel) urlLink classic ("Get Vita Brite and sleep tonight" ...*promptly passes out*). Then there was the time Michael joined a gang and hid his jacket in the oven. Oh, what about the one where Thelma almost married this polygamist Nigerian cat. Crazy ! What about that pimpy guy "Lennay," who always sold hot appliances from out of his coat. Classic. So was the episode when James has hypertension. So was ... hey ... was this urlLink a comedy or what ? Cinema Paradiso . The best work of art on the subject of friendship I've ever encountered. A glorious film. urlLink Fellini's Satyricon . A pagan work. Un-be- fucking -lievable: creativity on a galactic scale. The Rablasian Fellini walks us through Roman antiquity as he imagines it, crossed with highbrow science fiction sequences of an imagined future. There can never be anyone as Felliniesque as Fellini. The soundtrack alone is mindblowing. The Big Blue Marble: My favorite show as a kid, if you must know . Carl Sagan's Cosmos: Okay, so in the madcap world of astrophysics urlLink Sagan's hypotheses are probably all outmoded already . Right? So what ? So is Ptolemy's Almagest , and yet I still read it in college and gained benefit. The provocative thinking is worth another looksie; and, of course, worthy of more questions in light of our current data. This series was the bomb ! (looks around sheepishly, then raises hand, "question: who is the PBS geek"?) Classics are never outmoded. urlLink Chespirito . This show was a mystery to me: Why would a grown Latin man want to go on tv dressed like a bumble bee with a big "CH" affixed to his paunch. Subtitle it and put it on Trio; I'd watch it just to clarify a childhood mystery. Why is everyone else laughing but me on this one? We'd all like to know what the people on that endless laugh track find so funny. urlLink Stoned, the Afterschool Special with Scott Baio . "Super Stoned Jack," was the scariest introduction that most of us had to the world of the sweet leaf. Sensimila? Not if you have any sensibilities! If I were stoned I would never go out in a row boat on some grey and greasy river. Well, certainly not after seeing this little chestnut. Put it on Trio so we can all laugh at the "reefer madness." Just say yes to the Farah Fawcett haired Felicity. But I'm sure skeevy New York Times writer Neill Strauss will. Fame the TV Series : Why are there not repeats on VH1 of this show already? When you say low budget and high quality I think .. right here's where you start paying for it ... with pain ... and sweat . The show of young, artistic people struggling for their moment to shine is about as American as it gets. Whatever happened to that sexy cello player who wouldn't give anyone the time of day, urlLink Lori Singer . I was all about the emotional cellist Lori Singer back in the day. Cries and Whispers by Ingmar Bergman . If Black Stallion is the most beautifully shot film, then this is number two. All natural lighting. Bergman uses a fade to red to seperate scenes, mimicking the inner membrane of our eyelids. About as fucking intense as art can get. And halfway through this film about communication and treachery and time past, Bergman dissolves a reconcilliation scene with a Bach Sarabande in the most mysterious manner imaginable. Schoolhouse Rock: That Figure Eight . Mysterious, melancholy and mathematically instructional. Time will never again be so mundane. A strong influence on The Corsair's childhood. The Black Stallion: Those fabulous Copollas! This is perhaps the most beautiful filmed movie ever. The Gore Vidal-Bill Buckley Debate-Fight It was in the heart of the 60s: the polarized political center of the 60s. The left and the right clash violently on national television . In the news division of a respectable network . Fuck! A classic . I just finished reading Vidal's Burr, BTW. Excellent . And of course Buckley's role as Grandfather of the American movemenet is secure. For a moment, our two leading intellectuals of our two political polarities went at it in a bareknuckled intellectual fistfight. Not since urlLink Burr shot Hamilton dead has there been so much political drama in The Republic. Woody Allen's Teleplay: Don't Drink the Water . One of the urlLink most interesting experiments on television ever. Woody Allen directs and writes a teleplay starring Michael J Fox and the kid who played Blossom . Shaky handheld camera follows a grown Michael J. Fox as he slowly becomes involved with a bright but much younger woman. How the fuck did this get on American and not Parisian tv? Aren't we supposed to be puritainical? Did Woody Allen have so much juice back in the day that he could put on pedophilic Americana on network tv? Does the story sound familiar? Actually the story is tame, and inventive and very, very arty. Kramer vs. Kramer. The first dramatic and fully articulated statement of the Baby Boomers achieving adulthood. A film of the first water. Young married couple breaks apart. They become two seperate people post sexual revolution. Wife leaves shallow workaholic husband and baby. Goes out West. Comes back revitalized. In the meantime, shallow husband defined by his work, like an Eisenhower-era man, like--probably--his father changes, grows . Welcome to 1978, motherfucker. Husband fights custody. Bach and Vivaldi weave in and out of drama that takes place, it seems, amidst the most poignant colors of Autumn in Central Park. And the courtroom scene where Meryl Streep slowly dissolves into tears offset by forced composure as Hoffman's lawyer vivisects her irresponibility -- her feminism, her 1978ness -- are among the best goddamned acting you ever will see. Kramer versus Kramer is as good as film gets. Okay, so those are some of my Trio picks. And you have to admit it is a hell of a lot better than Battle of the Network Stars .

 Will Someone Give Bill Murray An Oscar Already? reprinted from January 10th: Oscar is fickle about urlLink comedians (unless you, like me, found William Hurt in urlLink Kiss of the Spider Woman to be inexplicably hilarious ... and don't even get me to do my impression of Daniel Day Louis in My Left Foot ... I'll knock over this computer). Oscar only rewards drama, goes the theory ... Oscar feels that comedy isn't really acting. Oscar eludes all those who seek him. Oscar believes comedians are too contrived in their performances. Oscar, Oscar, blah blah. blah . What about Bill ? What about his oft-spoken of "nuanced irony" (makes bracket gesture with frostbitten fingers)? Will someone give the Oscar to Bill Murray already? His performance in Sophia Copolla's Lost In Translation was the most winning of the year. Imagine a Best Oscar going to an underplayed performance, a bittersweetly comic performance, gentle man going through the inevitable motions of decline. And Bill Murray -- for lack of Oscar nominations -- is an actor in decline yet at his peak. How better to reward irony than with irony? Give the subtly nuanced rendering of decline a thumbs up, Hollywood. Denzel Washington's dirty cop in Training Day was the most powerful and full-on, cut all the stops performance in recent years. Septemeber 11th, to a degree, fueled our need for catharsis: a big evil wolfish lead villain exterminated by his own excess. In contradistinction to that performance (pats himself on the back for finding a use for "contradistinction"), wouldn't it be wonderful to have Bill Murray's muted Hollywood actor jetlagged in a foreign land win it this time around. Murray has been snubbed by Oscar before ( The Corsair shakes his head balefully at man's base nature). The fact that Murray has never been nominated is a crime. Murray was straightforward and emotionally rich in Rushmore . He created a layered, if conflicted and earnest personality in The Razor's Edge . And Murray was overlooked as the subtle (there's that word again) but funny cuckolded psychiatrist in The Mighty Tennenbaum's . Murray is all about rendering different shades of beige. My favorite Bill Murray flic is Meatballs , which is also the first film I ever saw, so take my suggestion with a grain of salt ("spazz ... spazz ... urlLink spazz "). There will never be a time quite like the 70s, in Canada, no less: nation obsessed with folksy humanitarianism in a decade of Aquarian folksy humanitarianism. There was an innocence (notwithstanding Murray's very un-PC manhandling of fellow counselor urlLink Roxanne , played a bit on the butch side, by the unforgettable urlLink Kate Lynch ). And for the kids who don't get the ad-libbed sex jokes(I was, like 4yrs old at the time and devoid of irony or snark or smarm, all of which flooded forth, with torrential velocity , in high school years), there is the cockles-warming relationship between Murray and the affable Chris Makepeace's character, Rudy the Rabbit . That relationship would never happen today as a result of the cynicism arising from the Catholic Church and internet sex fiends and Jacko. If Bill Murray showed that much interest in a camper nowadays, he'd be serving a three year sentence with Chuck Zito and Addabezi. Anyhoo : To me, Bill Murray is the coolest man on the planet earth, Oscar or not.

 Neil Strauss Dumps The Old Grey Lady urlLink Gred Lindsay of WWD informs us that Neil Strauss is giving The Old Grey Lady the old heave 'ho , and it's probably better for all involved in that sordid mess. He'd been doing a three way with Old Lady and Jenna Jameson , but something had to give way, in the , uhm, end . And when it's a choice between and Old Grey Lady and a Young Blonde Starlet , *snaps* well, you know how 'tis . Lindsay explains: " urlLink Neil Strauss , the music critic who signed up to ghostwrite porn star Jenna Jamesons memoirs without telling his superiors first, is leaving the paper to work on his book projects. 'Neil has resigned, and I have regretfully accepted his resignation,' said cultural news editor Steve Erlanger . "While Erlanger insisted that the Jameson affair hadnt come between them, it is certainly hard to imagine the Times tolerating the (fully clothed) cameo in Jamesons next film that Strauss was reportedly considering. Strauss will theoretically continue to write for the Times as a freelancer, but not regularly, and his critics slot will be filled. 'He made the choice to concentrate on these larger projects,' Erlanger said in a telephone interview." Affair? Coming between them? Larger projects ? Why not call a spade a spade Erlanger, Strauss is pursuing urlLink larger "assets ," if ya nah whatta mean. Silicon enhanced assets, cornbread. Lindsay continues: "Besides Jamesons book, entitled urlLink 'How to Make Love Like a Porn Star ,' Strauss is writing another book based on his January first-person piece on being tutored in the art of picking up women. Columbia Pictures has already bought the film rights for the low six figures." Hmmm . I wonder how Strauss decided to leave the Times: INT. NY TIMES HEADQUARTERS RESTROOM. DAY REPORTER NEILL STRAUSS TO NO ONE IN PARTICULAR Boy, Man, that Old Grey Boss Lady takes good care of my sorry ass. How cool is that? And older women are insatiable, you can't go wrong. She's okay and East Coast respectable and all that, but I'm a wild and innocent youth . I need to sow my oats with some tighter flesh. I wish I could find someone younger. The Old Gray Lady, she's just a little bit country, and I'm a little bit rock and roll ... (sighs) JENNA JAMESON ENTERS IN PINK SHORT SHORTS I think I took a wrong turn somewhere. This is such a big building. STRAUSS Nah, honey, you took the right turn JENNA Oh dear , I can't believe I got lost in the men's room . Can you help me get to HarperCollins? I'm writing a hardback ... NEILL STRAUSS , sort of half-sliding and half-oozing from the chair. I'll show you a hard back , baby. urlLink music seeps SEX SCENE ONE The two are interrupted by urlLink Jayson Blair , YOUNG BUCK, walking in without knocking, prancing around the newsroom wearing a Persian head wrap that covered my face, Kermit the Frog on his shoulders and a giant fake fur coat. Oh, excuse me, is there anyone in this men's room that wants to swap sexual favors for crack? Are ... -- wait. What are you two doing ? That's so hot , it's urlLink burning down my master's house . JENNA JAMESON Sweetie, why don't you come on over here and have a piece of this Metro Section? STRAUSS Yeah, the more the merrier, it's all Arts and Liesure in here. As they say, all the news that's fit to ... (Abrupt Sven Nykvist close up as The Old Grey Lady walks in, angry) What is the meaning of this ?! STRAUSS, BLAIR and JAMESON all look frightened into the camera. Freeze screen. 70s porn music and fade away. End credits Fashion Week 2004 NYC: Day 1 It's fashion week again here in New York City, and that means urlLink parties (especially the Louis Vuitton opening party on Monday night and, of course, the Naomi Campbell pr done urlLink Carlos Miele show at urlLink Gotham Hall on Thursday at 7:30, RSVP Thursday730@nc-connect.com), urlLink beautiful people all dressed alike ( urlLink FashionWeekDaily's HEAVILY OVERUSED BUZZWORDS: "Red, strappy, party"), gift bags and urlLink gossip . And speaking of Fashion Week Daily , J.J. Martin and Tanya Jensen write on Day 1: "What about all that Red? " Amanda Hearst : I never wear red. Its so eye-catching. I prefer black or pink. " Patti Hansen : When I was little the kids always teased me about my red hair, but now I love it. Its so strikingits like, Watch out-- Red Alert! " Alek Wek : Red puts me at ease. Plus you cant miss it! "Bright futures? Alexandra Richards : Im only 17 still in high school and living with my mom. But Id like to come to NY next yearIm trying to get into Eugene Lang at the New School to study paintingbut I dont want to jinx it by telling you that. "Overheard on Patty Hansens fitted skirt: Have you seen her? To me it looks like something she dragged from her closet from 3 seasons ago. " Sharon Bush on Laurens absence from the show: She really wanted to do it but she had a commitment at Princeton she could not get out of. " Sharon Bush on the show: Oh, I loved all of it. I would gladly wear any one of those dresses. " Amanda Hearst on her Daily cover. Oh my god, I couldnt believe it when I walked in the tents this morning and saw someone reading it. I love it, Im thrilled. Meanwhile, urlLink LookOnline's Blogger Marilyn Kirschner takes the pr firms that members of the fashion press have to deal with down a peg: "As a longtime member of the press, I've had to rely on PR firms through the years. Since Fashion Week has gotten underway, this relationship has been even more exaggerated and important. Simply put, at this moment in time, they are the bane of our existence, it seems. "Happily and thankfully, most of the companies (you know who you are) we've had to deal with (for tickets to shows, events, parties) have been nothing but professional, easy to reach, and consistently helpful. "Of course, there are always exceptions.....without getting really ugly...let's just say, the names could be changed to reflect the real situation: " urlLink Paul Wilmot : Paul Wil 'not' " Pierre Rouget : Pierre 'Rude' get " PR Consulting : PR 'In' sulting "MGI(ed note: Marion Greenberg Inc): MG 'Try' " Hood Public Relations : 'Should ' Public Relations " urlLink Ogan/Dallal : 'Ugh' an/ Dallal " urlLink Rand.M : 'RanduM' " urlLink Harrison & Shriftman : Harass & Stiffthem "Okay, I got that off my chest - I feel better already ..." Snark is good and therapeutic. Update :" First Lady Laura Bush has been confirmed to arrive at Olympus Fashion Week this Monday. Mrs. Bush will arrive at Bryant Park around 2 p.m. to make a brief presentation and to take a tour of the tents, although she will not be staying for any shows. She is the first First Lady to ever visit fashion week." by urlLink Meghan Stier , Fashion Week Daily

 Farah Fawcett and Tom Green: Love Connection urlLink The National Enquirer has come up with one of the strangest love connections ever -- a real fuckeroo : Tom Green , the ex-Mr. Drew Barrymore , has apparently been burning the bed of Farah Fawcett , the ex-Mrs. Lee Majors . Jesus Fucking Christ , Houston, we have a problem: I couldn't have made that up if I tried. I haven't an imagination on that cosmic a scale. Farah is no stranger to acting kooky: there was that Letterman appearance, the nude bodypainting Playboy thing that ruined her critically acclaimed image, and then the revelation in urlLink Joe Eszterhas' American Rhapsody that she peed in public. urlLink The Enquirer's Rick Egusquiza writes: "FORMER Charlie's Angels star Farrah Fawcett is having a heavenly time with new Angel Drew Barrymore's former husband -- wacky comic urlLink Tom Green ! The pairing of the 57-year-old actress with the 32-year-old urlLink Freddy Got Fingered star is the latest May-December romance to rock Hollywood since Demi Moore robbed Ashton Kutcher's cradle. "'Farrah's romance with Tom Green was a shock to say the least,' a close friend of Farrah's family told The ENQUIRER. "Her former love Ryan O'Neal can't believe it's true. He hopes Tom is sincere about dating Farrah and it's not just for the publicity. "Her son with Ryan, Redmond , hopes his mother is happy. But he's not thrilled about having Tom Green as a potential stepdad. Who would? "Ryan's children, Tatum and especially Griffin , are still very close to Farrah. They think it's just another one of Farrah's many bizarre choices in men since splitting from their dad. "'But Farrah doesn't mind a bit.' Farrah and Tom met at a celebrity poker event and hit it off so well that they had dinner the next night, the friend revealed. "They've been dating steadily ever since." I do not know if this is a hoax or not, as Tom was supposedly " urlLink dating" his pal , Monica Lewinsky too. Ordinarily I would say that this is Tom doing his usual urlLink Tomfoolery meta protopunking, but Farah has got to know that she is on the edge of being laughed out of Tinseltown. She couldn't think that her old school image would be helped by a prank like this. Could she? I mean she is an Aquarius, and, at least from my dating experiences, Aquarian women are way out there ... waaaay out there. Stay tuned to The Corsair for further developments: same bat time, same bat channel. UPDATE 2/9: Liz Smith sets urlLink The National Enquirer straight about its story on the alleged "romance" between Tom Green and Farah Fawcett . Smith writes: "FARRAH FAWCETT loves a good joke as much as anybody, but the National Enquirer's recent story on her "romance" with comic Tom Green ( Drew Barrymore's ex) was a joke gone too far. Farrah says she met Green two years ago with her publicist, and has never seen him since. "Farrah is, in reality, busy sifting through a mountain of film and TV offers. (Her 'Bobbi Boland' stage effort ended prematurely, but I'm betting she'll tread the boards again.) "The actress will be in New York during Valentine's week, discussing 'love' on a panel gathered for The Week magazine. Harold Evans , Erica Jong and Edmund White also give their thoughts on what makes the heart flutter." The Corsair Translator : The Enquirer fucked up, like The Star's JLo Story. Farah wants to do "serious" things, like be on Harry Evans panels and steer clear of the likes of Tom Green.

 By the time you finish this blog, you'll be naked Lyrics: Good Times TV Show " urlLink Good Times . Any time you meet a payment. Good Times. Any time you need a friend. Good Times. Any time you're out from under. "Not getting hastled, not getting hustled. Keepin' your head above water, Making a wave when you can. "Temporary lay offs. Good Times. Easy credit rip offs. Good Times. Scratchin' and surviving. Good Times. Hangin in a chow line Good Times. Ain't we lucky we got 'em Good Times." lyrics by: David Grusen and Andrew Bergman Lyrics: The Greatest American Hero "Look at whats happened to me, I cant believe it myself. Suddenly Im up on top of the world, It shouldve been somebody else. "Believe it or not, Im walking on air. I never thought I could feel so free. Flying away on a wing and a prayer. Who could it be? Believe it or not its just me. "Its like a light of a new day, It came from out of the blue. Breaking me out of the spell I was in, Making all of my wishes come true. "Believe it or not, Im walking on air. I never thought I could feel so free. Flying away on a wing and a prayer. Who could it be? Believe it or not its just me" lyrics by: urlLink Mike Post and Stephen Geyer

 Courtney Love: Joycean? There are so many ways to describe Courtney Love , so you can imagine why The Corsair objects to Neil Strauss' characterization of her phone call to him as "Joycean" in tomorrow's Arts and Leisure section . The Corsair would have found another adjective, like, say, "narcissist," or even, "messy." "Primitive" maybe? Then again, the more we look at it, maybe Strauss was right. Maybe Love is Joycean. I mean, look at these lyrics from urlLink Doll Parts :" "I want to be the girl with the most cake/ He only loves those things because he loves to see them break/ I fake it so real I am beyond fake/ And some day you will ache like I ache" And urlLink Ulysses , "Lord! Did me good all the same. Off colour after Kiernan's, Dignam's. For this relief much thanks. In urlLink HAMLET , that is. Lord! It was all things combined. Excitement. When she leaned back, felt an ache at the butt of my tongue. Your head it simply swirls." Now, check out Courtney Love in urlLink Gutless : "You can try to suck me dry But theres nothing left to suck Just you try to hold me down Come on try to shut me up" And contrast that with a wandering Steven Daedelus , "Beingless Beings. Stop! Throb always without you and throb always within. Your heart you sing of. I between then. Where? Between two roaring worlds where they swirl, I. Shatter them, one and both. But stun myself too in the blow. Shatter me you who can. (242)" Joycean? Hmmmmmm ... could be.

 John Kerry: Fake There is a great danger, The Corsair believes, in picking urlLink Senator John Kerry to be the Democratic nominee for President. First, he is a hairstyle with some armed services experience, but other than that -- what? There is a real danger that Al Gore II , also known as Kerry, will spark the disenfranchised Deaniacs , who registered for "regime change," might flock to a Ralph Nader candidacy and, once again, hand a victory to Republicans, to teach the stubborn Democrat Establishment a lesson. A very real danger. You see, Kerry speaks on special interests, but he is, in fact, a urlLink Master at using them . A veritable Rembrandt of special interest dollars. Then there is the question of his fakeness. Kerry is impossibly phony. Yes, I know, only Holden Caulfield could get away with using that word, but I always like to imaging that if Caulfield spent some years in Africa and got out of the "instution" to urlLink study philosophy in the Green Mountains of Vermont , he might have turned out like The Corsair . Anyhoo : Kerry's phoniness is vast. To wit: urlLink The Harley on Leno , Kerry tears up -- at just the right political moment -- in his urlLink interview with Ed Bradley , urlLink the haircut at just the right time, the initials (JFK), the urlLink sketchy Irish Catholic background , the Vietnam "Republican" buddy, James Rassmann who " just happened " (wink wink) to be in Iowa urlLink to boost Kerry's poll numbers , the coincidence that his first heiress-wife, urlLink Julia Thorne , was worth $300 million and his second wife, urlLink Theresa , worth close to $1 billion. Just a coinki-dinky . Look, as John Kerry collects his victories in Michigan and Washington I think that the democrat readers of this site -- and there are a few -- should take a second look at urlLink John Edwards , a man who is not Skull and Bones, and can therefore make a credible case against Bush's corporate cronyism a la Haliburton. If John Kerry gets the dem nod, Nader will all but certainly run, bringing along enraged Deaniacs and, quite possibly, getting the party right back in the same mess it was in before. The Party must find confluence between the idealistic progressive wing and the Chardonnay sipping, Brie munching, liberal establishment Upper West Side-Hollywood- Joe Klein - Sally Quinn wing, otherwise Bush wins again. But this time with a strong rightist mandate.

 Matt Perry Falls Off The Wagon That cultural artifact -- I forgot which gossip rag I usually mean here -- the National Enquirer is reporting that Matt Perry has fallen off the wagon ... again. "As his show urlLink Friends nears the end of its 10-year run, Matt Perry ( ed note : don't you love the way they call him by a nickname after bringing this up?) has suffered a devastating relapse of his alcohol and drug problem, The ENQUIRER has learned exclusively. "The issue ... reveals Matt's heartfelt confession to 30 people at an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting, when he told them: 'I have all this money and fancy cars and beautiful girlfriends but it wasn't making me happy'" (Tries very, very hard to suppress a laugh) (very hard) The Corsair might openly weep at that misguided by probably heartfelt confession if it weren't for four beautiful words, two gorgeous names: urlLink Julia Roberts and Salma Hayek . Cry me a river, Matthew Perry . Fucking pussy-boy

 Hitchcock Has No Bellybutton From an interview between urlLink Karen Black and David Savage in urlLink Index Magazine, Feb-March 2004 : Karen Black : "(Hitchcock) showed me his belly. He had no belly button." David Savage : It's true. Very few people know that about Alfred Hitchcock. Black : "One day I went to see him in his cabin, and he started telling me about his operations. He said he had one where they took his belly button away. He pulled up his little white shirt, and sure enough they had sewn right across the center of his belly, horizontally."

 Waters on Manson The following comes from the Sunday Arts and Leisure section of the New York Times in a interview between Mim Udovitch and John Waters . Waters : "Well, every five years Charles Manson has a parole hearing and I watch it for one reason: he has a new look every time. So I watch him, then I find an unsuspecting movie star who happens to look exactly like him in that incarnation, and pair them together, to show that no matter what, Manson's more famous. That's a terrible thing to say. But, basically, still, if you showed a picture of Brad Pitt and Manson to people, I think more people would identify Manson, which, I think is a very frightening thing about American fame. This year, he couldn't come out for his parole hearing because they made him wear handcuffs. It was a fashion decision."

 ( ed note : no Corsair tommorrow due to superbusy schedule. Sorry)

 Mrs. Gotti's Letter to Page Six urlLink According to the patron saint of all bloggers , Elizabeth Spiers , the widow of John Gotti wrote a letter to Page Six's Richard Johnson on his coverage of the embarassing JLo flap (remember the interview that urlLink was not an exclusive that was on newsstands EVERYWHERE?): " urlLink Page Six did an item a couple of days ago about urlLink Victoria Gotti's 'exclusive' Star interview with J-Lo post-Bennifer which indicated that the interview was not so much an interview as a couple of canned quotes from J-Lo's publicist, who also happens to rep Gotti. Gotti was not pleased. More importantly, Gotti's mother was not pleased. Mama Gotti apparently sent a nasty 'fuck you letter' to Page Six's Richard Johnson ." Our gossip hero Richard Johnson is a big guy who can take care of himself, but we worry. Actually we didn't worry about it until we read Ken Hall's urlLink bio of Mrs. Gotti : "Mrs. Gotti met her husband in 1960 -- when she was still Victoria DiGiorgio -- and the two were married on March 6, 1962. They went on to have five children: Angela , Frank , Victoria , Peter , John and Frank . Frank was only 12 when he was killed in a traffic accident near the family's home in Oyster Bay, N.Y. He shares the same crypt with his father. "The circumstances surrounding the boy's death may provide some insight into the crime family culture. He was struck and killed by a neighbor, urlLink John Favara , who was on his way home from work. Frank was riding a friend's mini-bike around the neighborhood. What happened next, depending on who you want to believe, was either an intentional act of murder or a horrible twist of fate. "According to one account, Favara's vision was impaired by the glare of the afternoon sun and a construction dumpster that was sticking out into the street. So when young Frank came zipping across the road, Favara never saw the boy and hit him by accident. "But the other story says that Favara was speeding, ran a red light and hit Frank, perhaps on purpose. Favara went into a semi-seclusion after the accident, which the Gotti's interpreted as a lack of contrition or remorse on his part. "Mrs. Gotti, understandably devastated over the loss of her son, decided to take matters into her own hands and attacked Favara with an aluminum baseball bat. She hit him numerous times and he was hospitalized, but did not press charges. The car was stolen and later recovered, with the word 'murderer' spray painted across the side. "Favara received numerous death threats and finally decided to sell his house and move. Three days before the closing, he was abducted while leaving his job at a furniture warehouse. His body was never found, but sources say he was shot and clubbed to death. Then, his body was put into a barrel filled with cement, whereupon he was dumped into the ocean off Brooklyn. No arrests were ever made. The Gottis were vacationing in Fort Lauderdale at the time of the murder. "Following Mr. Favara's disappearance, Mrs. Gotti was quoted as saying, 'I don't know what happened to him. I am not sorry if something did. He never sent me a sympathy card. He never apologized. He never even got his car fixed.' " John Gotti's sentiments were similar. 'I don't know what happened but I'm not sorry if something did happen. He killed my kid.'" Richard just reported that Mrs. Gotti's kid made a slip up, nothing more. How can you not like Page Six, Mrs. Gotti?

 Gawker on NY Social Diary We like David Patrick Columbia of urlLink New York Social Diary . We've traded some friendly emails blogger-to-blogger. He said that The Corsair has a "healthy amount of irony." That having been said, (Oh David, don't hold this against us, we know you're top drawer all the way), NYSD is about the whitest blog around. No kidding here, my little pommies. Alabaster. urlLink The Upper East Side on a Sunday morning white. So when urlLink Gawker delivered this very funny and unexpected urlLink Black History Month present , I sort of made an explosive yet compressed laugh-cough sound that made my office mate look at me, suspicious-like, as if I were the urlLink kidnap on tape suspect . Choire follows up by saying: "We just didn't want to mention it (because we're SO nice). But it is really horrifying that, directly underneath the aforementioned pictures of black people at the University of the West Indies benefit on urlLink New York Social Diary , there's an ad for "Hamptons Domestics" employment agency. The ad has little black Victorian silhouettes and a pineapple as its logo. Yikes." (scroll to bottom of page to get the full Gawker effect)

 I, Caligula Sometimes actors -- who generally suffer from identity issues -- begin to become their most successful roles of yesteryear and life imitates art. Think of urlLink Robert Downey, Jr's Julian in urlLink Less Than Zero . urlLink The 3 AM Girls report that urlLink John Hurt , who is famous on this side of the Atlantic for his mind bendingly debauched performance as urlLink Caligula in the classic (crosses himself solemnly in the cause of Art) urlLink I, Claudius , got crunked up and had to be "escorted from London's urlLink Spearmint Rhino lapdancing bar for being abusive." It sounds positively Pagan. The gals write: "According to our sources, the 64-year-old luvvie was ejected from the club when management decided they'd had enough of his "disrespectful behaviour" towards staff." "'... John had been knocking back the drinks and was acting thoroughly rude and unpleasantly,' reveals one insider. "He'd arrived with a friend and was ushered into the VIP area. "But while most stars treat the staff with respect, he was being vile. He had one waitress in tears after pointing his finger in her face and shouting and swearing." And what would you expect Caligula to do in such a situation? The gals continue: "The only time he smiled was when some dancers started gyrating in front of his table, but even that went wrong. John's hands started to wander and security told him in no uncertain terms he wasn't allowed to touch, otherwise he'd be thrown out." But how does one explain that to urlLink the leader of the Roman Empire ? More: "As well as shouting and pointing at the waitress, he was screaming for some Rhino chips with which he could buy dances. "He then kicked up a fuss because his credit card needed authorising and when it came to pay for his bar bill he signed on the wrong part of the slip." Does a urlLink self-made God pay for Rhino chips? Alas, the story -- myth? -- ends badly: "By now he was shrieking things like, 'How dare you talk to me like this, don't you know who I am?' "The club's bosses knew exactly who he was - and decided they'd had enough of him. "A spokesman said 'We can confirm John Hurt was escorted out of the premises. He had obviously had too much to drink so we stopped serving because he was intoxicated.' Exit urlLink Elephant Man , totally drunk ..." I don't know what is more depressing, the fact that the 3AM Girls are too young to have made the more accurate Caligula reference or the fact that I myself am old enough.

 The Unbearable Lightness of Being Nicholson urlLink Rush and Molloy give us some remarkable quotes from urlLink Jack Nicholson , horny Hollywood badboy who, it appears, is finally growing long in the tooth. Rush and Molloy write: "The once-unrepentant rake still takes urlLink Viagra (though only 'when I am with more than one woman'). And he still loves to 'wind up' urlLink Diane Keaton by telling her what I did on the weekend ... [She says], 'Jack, you are absolutely disgusting!' ( ed note : The same can be said of urlLink Keaton's Clown art book ) The urlLink article continues : "But, at age 66, (Nicholson's) decided that 'it is very unattractive for me to be seen fawning over little, tiny girls.' "Having soured on dating, he misses being in a real relationship. 'I get lonely,' he told London's Daily Telegraph this week. 'I wish I had a partner.'" So, for the record, although Jack still likes to fawn over little tiny girls, he won't because, to jealous bourgois suburban families on vacation doing, say, the tour of star homes, such acts appear as unattractive? And I thought Jack embodied the hip urlLink swinging 60s , not the urlLink Eisenhower 50s . Stop the world, someone, I want to get off.

 Jayson Shot His Dog! It's A Greek Thing In light of yesterday's blog about how hot chicks like animals and the recent death of Adam Sandler's beloved bulldog urlLink Meatball , we have news from the Daily News that urlLink Jayson Williams , the embattled former Nets star, blew the head off his own Rottweiler! "Williams executed his dog Zeus in a fit of fury after losing a $100 bet to former teammate urlLink Dwayne Schintzius ." "Then Williams reloaded the double-barreled shotgun, aimed the weapon at Schintzius, and demanded, 'Shinbone, get this f-----' dog off my porch or you're next,' according to a sworn statement." Fuck! The story continues, "The incident occurred Aug. 8, 2001, at Williams' estate in Alexandria Township after a night of drinking at the nearby urlLink Mountain View Chalet - the same place where he drank heavily before fatally shooting limo driver Costas (Gus) Christofi six months later, on Feb. 14, 2002." Alexandria ? Zeus ? Costas Christofi ? The Corsair , without the aid of urlLink Dr. Watson , the urlLink Bloodhoung Gang from 3-2-1 Contact , or even the faithful sidekick, Shinbone, has solved The Case of the with only a love of classics and a degree from a fine liberal arts college. A modern day Prometheus , Jayson takes his cues from urlLink Aeschylus' Prometheus Bound when he says: "Am I to be reformed, and made a show Of infamy to Zeus ?" It's all about the Greeks, baby: somewhere in his addled Jesus Juice filled head, Jayson was trying to enact the ancient Greek classic play. And, really, guys: you should see his urlLink Antigone after urlLink getting crunked up on urlLink Cutty Sark . Williams, by the way, is facing up to 55 years in prison which, as any self respecting member of the urlLink Nation of Islam will tell you, is the same age that urlLink Pythagorras started a school on the island of Samos. Illuminati , yo.

 Debbie Rowe: Michael Is Not The Father of My Kids According to urlLink Star Magazine , by way of an unnamed British newspaper (why? what's up with some attribution, Dolce and Gotti -- eh?), Jacko "is not the natural father of ex-wife Debbie Rowe's two children, Prince Michael I , 6, and daughter Paris , 5 ( ed note : surprised ? Neither am I)-- according to a British newspaper, which claims to have uncovered a 'legal dossier' of documents drawn up by Debbie as she prepares to "seek temporary exclusive custody of the children." ( The Corsair munches on unsalted popcorn and stares at his screen) The story written by Neil Blincow and Alex Burton continues, "Within the report of these legal documents, Rowe, 41, is quoted as saying, 'I have no information whatsoever about the identity of the semen donor for either child, as such semen was obtained anonymously from a semen bank, under an agreement of confidentiality." ( The Corsair whistles silently to himself) "I consented to the artificial insemination with the specific intent of bearing a child, to which Michael would be the father and treated in all respects as the father" without the necessity of adoption, the Star reports. They continue, "... In exchange for bearing Jackson two children, Rowe reportedly received $11 million, a $3 million Beverly Hills home, and payment of her monthly expenses. In a surrogacy agreement -- reportedly signed Jan. 23, 1996, ten months before their marriage -- Debbie agreed 'to knowingly and voluntarily waive [her] right to contest Michael's paternity of either child' and 'consent to Michael being declared the father.'" Whoa. I could tell you that the documents are reported to state that Jacko "imposed a 'no-sex' ban on Rowe for six months prior to her artificial insemination, to avoid 'any possibility of semen being introduced into my body' in any other way." I could also mention that "Beverly Hills fertility specialist Dr. Hal Danzer artificially inseminated Debbie on May 28, and May 29, 1996, with semen 'donated to, and for the use of' Jackson." But then you wouldn't run over here to read urlLink The Star . Okay Star, if this is true, I forgive you for that really wierd urlLink fake J Lo interview with Victoria Gotti (it was JLo's publicist) ( Ed Note : The Corsair will be published sporadically for the rest of the week, sorry about that)

 Martha Talks On urlLink her web site , the embattled Martha Stewart appears tasteful in earth tones, seated on some firewood at her place in Westport, Connecticut, with Teeny , her cat. She writes on her tribulations on Marthatalks.com : "Dear Friends:" ( The Corsair gets a warm feeling in his chest, leans into the computer, sips his Cutty Sark contentedly) "As my trial unfolds, I am hopeful and optimistic that I will be exonerated and able once again to devote my full attention to developing and promoting the creative homekeeping ideas that so many loyal customers and supporters have come to rely on for inspiration in their own kitchens, gardens and craft rooms." ( The Corsair shakes his fist at his computer, in true Gemini form, angered at being pitched to by Martha, of all people, even now ) "The second week of courtroom proceedings is underway." I'll say . Now, can you say urlLink Faneuil ? I can't and I took several years of Frenchy. Anyhoo , Martha continues talking: "As part of my promise to keep you informed about key developments, my attorneys and I will do our best to post relevant items from the trial and related op-eds, as soon as they become available." ( The Corsair leaps up and down in pleasure at the considers all the blog entries that will ensue) "I want to thank all of you again -- and particularly those who have written to me with such kind words and allowed me to post them here -- for your support and encouragement. "Sincerely, Martha Stewart Post your thoughts on the urlLink Martha mess .

 Great Scott! Superman Casting Chaos urlLink Henry Cavill , a British yet-to-be-known, will play Superman in the upcoming Last Son of Krypton film by Warner Brothers and director McG , who incidentally, punkd Katie Holmes but good. Playing opposite thr man of steel, apparently, is Beyonce who will be Lois Lane , or at least that is what most media sources are reporting. That having been said, according to insider geek site, urlLink AintitCool.com , up until Thursday January 29th, was wide open, and director McG had apparently been having second thoughts about casting the urlLink bootylicious singer . Media outlets arealso reporting that Academy Award nominee Johnny Depp's name is at the top of the list tomplay Lex Luthor, which contrasts starkly with urlLink the geek inside word that Depp is being talked about for the role of Jor El , Superman's father. It will be interesting to see who got it right, the gossip press, who often are so rushed to be ahead of the scoop that they do not factcheck, or the geek insiders. Oh, you don't find who ultimately playes the role of Jor El interesting? It's just me? (Looks around nervously) Whatever . (holds his head in shame for delivering this story) It's a slow day, my little pomegranates

 Animals and Celebrities It seems that just yesterday we reported that Angie Everhart , of urlLink Lingerie Bowl fame, had quite a menagerie of animals in her stead. "I have four dogs, a cat and a horse," said the sexy red head on urlLink Howard Stern's radio show last week. Now, via urlLink Page Six , we learn that urlLink FHM has chosen Paris Hilton as the Most Eligible Woman in the World 2004 (up from number 19, 2003), and, ancillary to that, Paris also adores animals. The Sixers urlLink write : "FHM - which credits 'The Post's renowned PAGE SIX' for discovering Hilton - reports that the hotel heiress stands to rake in $10 million next year thanks to a reality show sequel, a pop album, a book, a clothing line and endorsement deals (all on top of her estimated $30 million inheritance). But our favorite part of the FHM interview is when Hilton describes buying exotic animals in Las Vegas: 'I went to this pet store and bought a baby goat, a ferret and this one animal that was like half monkey, half raccoon. I tried to take them on the plane, and the flight attendants thought I was insane. They were like, 'This isn't a traveling circus. You're not bringing a goat on the plane.' So I ended up having to drive back to L.A. in a limo all by myself for six hours with the animals.'" Animal rights activist urlLink Pam Anderson , has posed provocatively for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals in a poster which shows the "actress" clad in a bikini made of three lettuce leaves that reads: "Turn over a new leaf: Try vegetarian." Charlize Theron loves her dog so much she douses it in expensive doggie perfume. Renee Zellwegger gained weight for Bridget Jones with her pooch. Tiffany Taylor , Playboy Playmate, enjoys breeding bloodhounds and raising ferrets. Note to skirt chasers: hot chicks like animal lovers.

 Guessing The New York Post Blind Items Guessing at blind items is almost as much fun as knowing that you are right, which I do not profess in any way shape or form. urlLink Page Six ran a few blind items today, one of which, listed under "Just Asking" asked, "WHICH Oscar-nominated actress has a cheating boyfriend? When she's away on location, a third party visits him from England, and the third party is a man ..." Could that be Irish actor Stuart Townsend , urlLink Charlize Theron's fiance ? In an interview with The Advocate, dated March 5, 2002, he said: "'My first time in a nightclub with a gay friend, I walked into a room full of men kissing each other, and I was shocked by the energy of the place--the muscles! I had never been in that environment before, and I freaked a little. The homophobia barrier closed in around me--I was scared. But I've grown up a bit since then,' laughs actor Stuart Townsend." I am completely guessing on this. But: Hmmm . I mean, it can't be Diane Keaton as Nicholson is pretty into girls. The other blind items were, "WHICH cable TV news anchor took a two-week vacation to get some hair plugs? But he had to take a third week because they didn't heal in time and he had tiny scabs all over his scalp . . . WHICH indicted celebrity is rumored to have lost his cool when the victim caught him having sex with another man?" On the last one The Corsair hasn't a clue, there are just too many goddam urlLink indicted celebrities to even hazard a guess (although I will guess that it is NOT James Brown ) But on the first blind item, since Shep Smith has a full head of hair, we are going to guess urlLink Anderson Cooper .

 Jacko is WIRED (and Wierd) urlLink TheSmokingGun is posting a heavily edited document on their site that lists some of the things hauled away from Michael Jackson's estate and two other properties on November 18. Of the loot, there are an astonishing number of computers and electronic gizmos (Apple, Cannon, etc) stashed at Neverland, which kind of freaked me out; and, of course, a urlLink Robb Report , "a trusted guide for the world's most successful, demanding, and educated magazine readers." One of the dozen or so computers, court records show, was located "on the second shelf on the right hand side of locked closet in master bathroom." Most of the Jacko's computers were returned to him after the hard drives were copied. TheSmokingGun writes: "According to the below Neverland inventory, Santa Barbara Sheriff's deputies removed computers, legal documents, magazines, and a Canon digital camera found in Jackson's master bathroom." "... Agents searched Jackson's master bedroom, where they took a "note" found in a nightstand, and had to have a locksmith open the locked master bath (keys to the bathroom were apparently found later in a safe)." Jacko's urlLink porn pal searched

 Who Will Be Kerry's Running Mate Allow me to do some penance for using the Janet pic yesterday to rock my clock counter, so, fans of snark, forgive me for this rather serious post: Barring a strong urlLink John Edwards win in South Carolina and a strong urlLink Clark win in Oklahoma , you can gag the Democratic side of this election season with a fork, because, my little pomegranates, it's just about done , and John Kerry will likely be the nominee. But who will Kerry pick for his running mate? Here are some thoughts: urlLink Max Cleland . The Corsair believes that he is the likely choice for a running mate. Pros: From Georgia, brings the South back into the mix ... former Senator ... triple amputee war hero would make a strong veterans campaign with Kerry -- and Vets are likely Republican voters ... expert on Homeland Security (big plus, as national security is a Republican stronghold) which Bill Clinton in a recent closed door meeting warned that the nominee must be strong on ... strong on health care ... could skin chicken hawk Cheney in a debate Cons : None urlLink Gary Hart Pros : Vast intellect, PhD, Oxford, Political Philosophy ... wise from his time out in the political wilderness ... Strong in the Southwest ... devastating debator Cons : Old adultery charge may still stick in the Bible Belt ... may be more useful to the Democratic Party in a Senate bid against the very weak Ben Knighthorse Campbell ... Possible Secretary of State, a la his hero, Jefferson urlLink John Edwards . Pros : Young up-and-comer, would play well with Kerry, lookswise ... Could bring the South, providing he can win the South Carolina primary and show strong in Arizona and Oklahoma ... has a base in the Dem party ... ferocious debator honed from years as a trial lawyer taking on corporate powerhouse who, often, pleaded to settle out of court rather than face Young Edwards. Cons : Young, inexperienced ... former trial lawyer with a mile long money trail to their lobby urlLink Bill Richardson Pros: Governor of ultra-crucial New Mexico ... Latino ... former UN Ambassador and urlLink seasoned diplomat would give international cooperation credit points to ticket Cons : None urlLink Wesley Clark Pros: Longshot, but if he wins big in Oklahoma and the conservative Southwest he could be in the cut ... General would give strong military backing to ticket ... would humiliate chickenhawk Cheney in a debate ... strong with African-Americans Cons : Too closely tied to Bill Clinton, who wants Hillary '08, which may be an issue. urlLink Dick Gephardt Pros : Outside of Cleland and Edwards, the most likely running mate ... most popular pol in pivotal swing state Missouri ... would be perfect for a Kerry-Gephardt Northern labor-veterans strategy against a Bush South ... comes with the backing of labor, a Democratic must needs ... a truly good guy who dropped out and endorsed Kerry early: he did the right thing Cons : Wooden on the stump, charismatically challenged urlLink Evan Bayh Pros: Young up and comer, popular moderate Democrat from a Republican state ... would look good stumping with Kerry ... strong political family ... Would play well in Bush states ... hugely ambitious for national office, a quick study Cons : A long shot ... may not even be able to deliver Indiana, his home state, against Bush urlLink Bob Graham Pros : Most Aggressively Campaigning for this position ... got out early ... most popular elected official in CRUCIAL Florida ... Senate Intelligence Committee Cons : Bad ticker ... charisma challenged.

 Britney as Bond Girl According to urlLink the 3AM Girls , Britney Spears has set her sights on becoming a Bond Girl, following in the footsteps of her mentor, Madonna , who played a role in Die Another Day. The 3AM Girls write: "'Britney's desperate to carve out a name for herself as an actress and loves the idea of being a Bond girl,' reveals our insider. 'She's in great shape and thinks she'd be brilliant. "'Britney has seen what it's done profile-wise for Halle Berry and she wants a slice of the action." But we can understand why they may be reluctant to sign her. Britney was widely panned for her starring role in urlLink Crossroads , a sickly-sweet teen road-trip movie." The article goes on to say that Britney sees that her music career is just about over so she wants to make the transition into acting. Fair enough, but what name will Britney pick? In the Bond Girl tradition of urlLink Pussy Galore , urlLink Kissy Suzuki , urlLink Mary Goodnight and urlLink Honey Ryder , The Corsair would like to suggest a few: Pepsi Girl : The Bond movies are so thick with urlLink product placement , that Britney could simply enter the fray as one herself. Imagine Britney a deadly, nameless assassin from urlLink Kentwood, Louisiana who can crush a man to death with her jumbulayas. A French double agent (Cajun!), she is drinking the cold beverage, suggestively, trying to seduce 007. She is unable to distract him, so she calls her allies on her Nokia phone to inform them of Bond's whereabouts. Kat Bayou , a wetland ecologist from Louisiana's Nature Preserve(hey, come on, urlLink Denise Richards played a nuclear physicist!). She befriends 007 against terrorists who plan to release bio weopons into the Louisiana Gulf. Adventures with urlLink alligators and snakes bring Bond and Bayou closer together. Cassandra A New Orleans psychic who gets on the wrong side of Haitian gangsters and voodoo obeah men and needs 007 to bail her out. Cassandra "succumbs to Bond's advances and loses her powers of perception, but gains freedom."

 That was Steven Brill All Over originally published November 22, 2003: From James Cramer's autobiographical Confessions of a Street Addict , on mini mogul Steven Brill : "(Brill) never did know when to quit, though, and could not bear to lose at anything. At the firm's summer outing at Brill's Westchester mansion, he divided us into teams, placing us in his pool, and insisted we play a vicious game of water polo where dunking was encouraged and expected. He relished the contact, being a head taller than just about anyone else on the opposing squad, including me. Just as I was about to score what would have been the tying goal for my team, Brill sank his teeth into my throwing arm , spouting blood into the clear water in a steady stream. As everyone looked on in horror, I could only laugh . That was Steve all over." The Corsair is currently in the fetal position, knees touching his pronounced cheekbones, rocking himself back and forth, mumbling over and over again, "the New York media will be the end of me..."

 Gratuitous St. Elmo's Fire Quote "Jules, y'know, honey... this isn't real. You know what it is? It's St. Elmo's Fire. Electric flashes of light that appear in dark skies out of nowhere. Sailors would guide entire journeys by it, but the joke was on them ... there was no fire. There was't even a St. Elmo. They made it up. They made it up because they thought they needed it to keep them going when times got tough, just like you're making up all of this. We're all going through this. ... Hey, it's our time at the edge." Rob Lowe as perenial fuck up "Billy" to Demi Moore's catatonic "Jules" in urlLink Saint Elmos Fire

 Oh, so THAT'S What a Chocolate Starfish is! Re: Janet Jackson Forget for a moment the Jesus Juice, the prosthetic nose, the Playboy pictorial with the boa constrictor -- forget even the duet with Pia Zadora , urlLink When the Rain Begins to Fall : In the late 80s in urban neighborhoods there was a compelling little t-shirt that read, "I wish I could live on a planet -- dammit! -- where ever woman looked like Janet." Charmed , I'm sure. But the makers of this "t" (excuse the pun) hadn't forseen the Superbowl images of the, uhm, "wardrobe malfunction" that everyone -- everyone -- is talking about today. And my clock counter on this site is going gonzo for people who are clicking on The Corsair to see some Janet flesh. So, without any snark or ado, I'm gonna link you to what you so obviously want: hereeees , urlLink Janet ! (thank you, as always, urlLink Gawker , for the link) Also: download the video urlLink here :

 Who Will Be Kerry's Running Mate Allow me to do some penance for using the Janet pic to rock my clock counter, so, fans of snark, forgive me for this rather serious post: Okay, barring a strong urlLink John Edwards win in South Carolina and a strong urlLink Clark win in Oklahoma , you can gag the Democratic side of this election season with a fork, because, my little pomegranates, it's done , and John Kerry will likely be the nominee. But who will Kerry pick for Veep? Here are some thoughts: urlLink Max Cleland . The Corsair believes that he is the likely choice for a running mate. Pros: From Georgia, brings the South back into the mix ... former Senator ... triple amutee war hero would make a strong veterans campaign with Kerry -- and Vets are liely Republican voters ... expert on Homeland Security (big plus, as national security is a Republican stronghold) which Bill Clinton in a closed door meeting warned that the nominee must be strong on ... strong on health care ... could humiliate chicken hawk Cheney in a debate Cons : Health might be an issue urlLink Gary Hart Pros : Vast intellect, PhD, Oxford, Political Philosophy ... wise from his time out in the political wilderness ... Strong in the Southwest ... devastating debator Cons : Old adultery charge may still stick in the Bible Belt ... may be more useful to the Democratic Party in a Senate bid against the very weak Ben Knighthorse Campbell ... Possible Secretary of State, a la his hero, Jefferson urlLink John Edwards . Pros : Young up-and-comer, would play well with Kerry, lookswise ... Could bring the South, providing he can win the South Carolina primary and show strong in Arizona and Oklahoma ... has a base in the Dem party ... ferocious debator honed from years as a trial lawyer taking on corporate powerhouse who, often, pleaded to settle out of court rather than face Young Edwards. Cons : Young, inexperienced ... former trial lawyer with a mile long money trail to their lobby urlLink Bill Richardson Pros: Governor of ultra-crucial New Mexico ... Latino ... former UN Ambassador and urlLink seasoned diplomat would give international cooperation credit points to ticket Cons : None urlLink Wesley Clark Pros: Longshot, but if he wins big in Oklahoma and the conservative Southwest he could be in the cut ... General would give strong military backing to ticket ... would humiliate chickenhawk Cheney in a debate ... strong with African-Americans Cons : Too closely tied to Bill Clinton, who wants Hillary '08, which may be an issue. urlLink Dick Gephardt Pros : Outside of Cleland and Edwards, the most likely running mate ... most popular pol in pivotal swing state Missouri ... would be perfect for a Kerry-Gephardt Northern labor-veterans strategy against a Bush South ... comes with the backing of labor, a Democratic must needs ... a truly good guy who dropped out and endorsed Kerry early: he did the right thing Cons : Wooden on the stump, charismatically challenged urlLink Evan Bayh Pros: Young up and comer, popular moderate Democrat from a Republican state ... would look good stumping with Kerry ... strong political family ... Would play well in Bush states ... hugely ambitious for national office, a quick study Cons : A long shot ... may not even be able to deliver Indiana, his home state, against Bush urlLink Bob Graham Pros : Most Aggressively Campaigning for this position ... got out early ... most popular elected official in CRUCIAL Florida ... Senate Intelligence Committee Cons : Bad ticker ... charisma challenged.

 Real World Creator Bunim Dies, RIP Mary-Ellis Bunim , pioneered the reality genre in which semi-educated inner city black kids were transplanted into all-white environments with priviledged peers, only to be humiliated and thrown off the show when they resorted to anti-social behavior, urlLink died on Thursday. Charmed, I'm sure, but hardly the commitment to 'diversity' that all the Hollywood obits are praising her for. Whatever my differences with her style of reality television, may she rest in peace.

 Eric "Altercation" Alterman vs. Ken Auletta, Round 1 What's up with Eric Alterman and Ken Auletta ? In a January 2004 interview with Jesse Oxfeld for urlLink Mediabistro , when Auletta was asked about an Alterman argument that corporatism influences tv news -- an argument, incidentally, that Auletta sometimes uses himself -- the New Yorker author said, "(Alterman's) a little more conspiratorial than I would be." Okay, no biggie there, just some mild media snark. But when urlLink C-Span's Brian Lamb asked Auletts about a snarky book review for the Los Angeles Times in which Alterman took Auletta to task about his cozy New Yorker interviews with Media moguls, Auletta came on a bit strong. "My job is to understand people, not punish them." Ouch

 RZA is Crazy The Corsair has many media obsessions but one of his favorites is RZA . The RZA is crazy. Nutso. He eats ungodly amounts of urlLink colloidal silver , even proffering it to his offspring need we say more? One day RZA and his babies are going to turn blue from a colloidal silver overdose and then people will take me seriously. Anyhoo : here's what he had to say to FHM : FHM : How strong is your Kung Fu? RZA : "Strong, but I've never used it. One of my uncles trains CIA agents. He was offended I was learning from someone else, so he showed me this one move. He said, 'I could cripple you.' I believed him but he had to prove it. I was hurt for three months." Okay ... leaving aside the implausibility that one of RZA's uncles is in the intelligence gathering business, how many people out there have familial relations that whisper urlLink Moon Knight -like threats. Being family is not about crippling one another . The interview concludes: FHM : Is there an RZA sex tape out there? RZA : I don't leave evidence like that. I form the lense with my hand, look through it and tape record with my mind. What-the- fuck ?!

 Vanitas Vanitatum, Omnia Vanitas "Laughter is mad, and reckless mirth-/ What does she in this weary earth?/ Should Wealth, or Fame, our Life employ,/ Death comes, our labour to destroy," writes Ann Bronte in urlLink Vanitas Vanitatum, Omnia Vanitas . And the same could be said of inveterate namedropper and urlLink status seeker extraordinare urlLink James Lipton of urlLink Inside the Actors Studio ( okay , *skittish* so maybe I know a little bit about this topic, my little pommies, as that little -- makes broad quotation gestures with his fingers -- "interview with myself" thingie wasn't the best idea I've ever come up with, *blushes*). urlLink Joanna and Alex of the very cool Two-Twenty.net urlLink put me in my place over my vanity , as did several others via email. I'm properly chastened. If I'm gonna throw down the snark, I should have a tough enough skin to take a bit of a bitchslapping now and then, as well. What was it Matt Dillon said in Drugstore Cowboy about urlLink the therapeutic qualities of getting your ass kicked ? So, allow me to redeem my name on the subject of self promotion. So, let's get off me and back on to James Lipton . (apologies, that was a nasty little piece of imagery I just laid on you; fucking disgusting , actually) Of Lipton , who we now presently mount with vigor ( sorry , couldn't resist), let us say that one Robert Wilonski of the urlLink Dallas Observer once sagely wrote, " James Lipton is so obsequious, it's astonishing the man does not conduct his interviews from his subjects' anal cavities ( ed note : this emerging theme is not my fault). The host of Bravo's hysterical, oddly riveting Inside the Actors Studio never misses an opportunity to suck up to the famous and talented who deign to accept his invitation." And yet the New York Times doesn't appear to think so, as in tommorrow's Sunday Times Magazine Edward Levine interviews him in the urlLink "DOMAINS" section , where Levine's dough is earned the hard way. Gargantuan was the name dropping going on at that little tea party . Since I was called on my bull, let me be the bull rattling the china at that pleasant Times Magazine interview; allow me to bring some urlLink Minoan chaos to Europa's ordered walk in the meadow . And so, on the principle of "takes one to know one" we -- the shamed author of the infamous "interview with myself" -- will grade Our Man Lipton, on how good he is at self promotion. Edward Levine's Lipton interview begins thusly: " Workout : I do Pilates. I actually trained with urlLink Joseph Pilates himself and his wife, Clara. This was in the mid-1960's, and it was a thing for dancers then. When Joe died, a group of us bought his gym for his widow. I still do Pilates downstairs, all the mat work. I don't need an instructor. I could teach it myself. Not that I look thin these days. I sit too much and eat too much." (diva-like whisper) He doesn't need an instructor; he could teach it himself. (with this, The Corsair presently resumes his very sorry indeed "snarky-growly" urlLink Lou Grant impression with light touch of Ugandan accent about the "o's"). The Corsair gives Lipton an A regarding his "gym" grade on the self-promoting art of talking publicly about the fact that -- yes -- you do indeed work out. The only fault contained therein is that he didn't talk publicly about working out in front of a mirror , or, better yet , a window facing out towards the public on, say, the Lower East Side or the Meatpacking District or even out in Hells Kitchen, where the biker gangs don't take kindly to that sort of thing. Now, that would have been urlLink de trop , but not too trop, I think. The grade could have fallen to an A-Minus had he simply said he used Pilates, which is, quite frankly, a little 2003, but Lipton recounted a clever little anecdode of good times shared with Joseph Pilates , or "Joe", as Lipton intones gravely, hinting at mortality, making us all seem just a little bit more uncool in that world that Lipton, and Lipton alone , so excellently occupies. Riding on that "Joementum," buying the gym is a bit much, almost too put on, but it worked -- mainly because he can buy gyms for grieving widows. Very urlLink Conrad Bain as urlLink Mr. Drummond in Diffr'nt Strokes. Levine continues in the interview: " Favorite household chore : I do very few things in the world well, but one of the things I do well is frame and hang pictures. I am most fastidious about my pictures. I go around straightening them all day." The Corsair grades Lipton a C on that one. A solid C. The modesty rings false, bro, and I should know. This is the same thing I went and done did with that interview of myself. This is bigger than the both of us, Jamesy (slaps around a sloppily constructed hand made effigy of James Lipton): It's not about the mundane you ... it's about the people you know (grabs effigy and points out well beyond the fourth wall of comedy, and towards "the stars" with a "nurtured in the wilderness" look) and all that powerful juju that you spout out on tv that involve them ... do it for the children, James. That you straighten pictures is not as interesting as who is in those pictures, James. Who, James, (shakes a voodoo effigy of Lipton, looks confused) who ... ?! The interview goes onwards: " Pre-show ritual : We shoot on Monday nights. I will already have done two weeks' research. Then Friday morning through Monday afternoon I am incommunicado. My wife and I will dine and talk, but those four days are sacrosanct. I am in my study preparing my questions. I print out my blue cards at around 4 on Monday afternoon." Erm , a B. He communicated " urlLink incommunicado ." Which ... we like, I guess. Somewhat. Next: " Post-show ritual : Often the guest and I have dinner afterward. I don't eat before the show. We go to Elaine's , and we eat and talk until 1 or 2 in the morning. We did it with Harrison Ford and Mike Myers ; Charlize Theron and her mother; and John Travolta ." Fuck, an A-Plus grand slam, Lipsky. We can forgive the unfortunate reference to urlLink John Travolta and urlLink Mike Myers because through that thicket he leads us, gently, by the hand, to a tasty slice o' A-Listers, like: urlLink Charlize Theron and urlLink Harrison Ford jammed into the same thought with urlLink Elaine's . Shmears . Next: " Favorite outfit : My wife has to put me together. Sartorially, I am a disaster. I have no taste. I am from Michigan. I am a Midwesterner with Midwestern taste." Hmmm. We will admit that the red-state thing should have fucked with his GPA . But he was bold about it. That Midwest comment so falsely articulated radiated just the right amount of authenticity. It reminded me of my Grandfather's homebrewed bannana beer back in Uganda. James Lipton , seems to be shouting out to the indifferent, Sartrian universe, that he is not afraid of his roots. Lipton is at one with his inner Americana. Although James is actually so Chardonnay -sipping-and-Brie-munching University-professor-blue-state-type that it hurts, he's not afraid to admit he was born in the heartland, most likely munching a cheeseburger and clutching at a gun as he emerged triumphantly from the afterbirth, crawling towards Tinseltown with stars in his eyes. And although he has risen to the heights that only urlLink John Travolta's jet can presume to attain, James is still "down" with urlLink the common man. And mentioning the old ball-and-chain, the long-suffering Mrs. Lipton added depth to his little performance of self. I'll give an controversial A to this "revelation", paced very well in the story. Again: " Luxury he can't live without : Our home in Bridgehampton , without question. It is my oasis, my salvation." Oh, A, buddy boy. An A answer if there ever was one, Mr. Oasis (smiles admiringly); Mr. Salvation (taps effigy on the back). Bridgehampton is not the Hamptons, and that's good, bacause the Hamptons is filled with Soprano's-type-brokers who usually snack on strippers, but come Friday after Memorial Day, try, in vain, to munch on that late twentysomething Manolo Blahnik -type weekend gold digger (fake waves) that is way -- oh, so very way -- out of their league. The Hamptons is so over . But the urlLink artistic-literary Bridgehampton is forever. It is the new urlLink P-Town . More! " Car : A Mercedes S.U.V. I love that car. I'm not a P.C. person. I sit there royally in my S.U.V. and never think about the gas consumption." (BZZzzzz) Ahhh *all disappointed*, sorry about that, James, but we have a wondeful consolation prize for you backstage: a B-Plus at best. A Mercedes SUV would have been an A-Plus answer back in 2002, but the war, the WMDs ... uhhh, no . A Toyota urlLink Prius was the answer we were looking for, James. So sorry. " Oscar-night plan : I'm going to the Vanity Fair party in L.A . I went last year. If you are not nominated, and obviously I am not, the worst thing in the world to have to sit through is an awards ceremony. So I watched it at the party. An A . It would have been an A-Plus but for the fact that James forgot to mention urlLink Graydon Carter . In fact, I think it is actually trademarked as the "GraydonCarterOscarParty (TM)" -- or something along those lines. Still, this was a respectable showing for a self-proclaimed Midwesterner. " Biggest shock of his life : I wrote the book and lyrics for a musical called urlLink 'Sherry, ' which opened and closed in 1967. In the aftermath, the orchestrations disappeared, but they turned up in the Library of Congress in 2000. On Feb. 24, Angel Records is bringing out an album of the show with Nathan Lane , Carol Burnett , Bernadette Peters , Tommy Tune and Mike Myers ." Nathan Lane and Bernadette Peters are so Theater royalty. A Solid A-Plus . Tommy Tune may have been a bit much, though, but I'm not buying that line of argument. Anyhoo , Lipton goes on, even doing the Proust questionaire, saying his favorite word is honor . Hmmm. Not bloody likely , I'm afraid, try: FAME, or any derivative with similar connotation .... but check the interview out anyway urlLink here .

 Who Will Be Kerry's Running Mate Don't you know that urlLink Todd Purdham of the NY Times could have been waay ahead of the curve had he just logged into The Corsair back on February 2, 2004 , when I gave my Veep picks for Kerry , which look alot like his. But nooo ... Anyhoo : we're not mad. But just to show how mighty our crystal ball is -- and we are not talking to political insiders like Purdham is -- let me "republish" my picks. Which, like I said before, look alot like Purdhams, although mine are about 2 weeks earler. Hmm. The Corsair as mightier than the Old Grey Lady ... we like, we like ! Feb 2, 2003 redux : Okay, barring a strong urlLink John Edwards win in South Carolina and a strong urlLink Clark win in Oklahoma , you can gag the Democratic side of this election season with a fork, because, my little pomegranates, it's done , and John Kerry will likely be the nominee. ( ed note, Feb 14, 2004 : he prolly still will) But who will Kerry pick for Veep? Here are some thoughts: urlLink Max Cleland . The Corsair believes that he is the likely choice for a running mate. Pros: From Georgia, brings the South back into the mix ... former Senator ... triple amutee war hero would make a strong veterans campaign with Kerry -- and Vets are liely Republican voters ... expert on Homeland Security (big plus, as national security is a Republican stronghold) which Bill Clinton in a closed door meeting warned that the nominee must be strong on ... strong on health care ... could humiliate chicken hawk Cheney in a debate Cons : Health might be an issue. ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 : it's a fucking long ass sojourn through the country for a Veep, from Labor Day till the election -- can Cleland do it? I think so. Odds on favorite ) urlLink Gary Hart Pros : Vast intellect, PhD, Oxford, Political Philosophy ... wise from his time out in the political wilderness ... Strong in the Southwest ... devastating debator Cons : Old adultery charge may still stick in the Bible Belt ... may be more useful to the Democratic Party in a Senate bid against the very weak Ben Knighthorse Campbell ... Possible Secretary of State, a la his hero, Jefferson ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 : with Drudge infused affair allegations riding the ethers, stick this pick with a fork, baby, it's done) urlLink John Edwards . Pros : Young up-and-comer, would play well with Kerry, lookswise ... Could bring the South, providing he can win the South Carolina primary and show strong in Arizona and Oklahoma ... has a base in the Dem party ... ferocious debator honed from years as a trial lawyer taking on corporate powerhouses who, often, pleaded to settle out of court rather than face Young Edwards. Cons : Young, inexperienced ... former trial lawyer with a mile long money trail to their lobbies. ( ed note Feb 14, 2004 : after Cleland, this one is the hot pick, though the Edwards camp is seething about the urlLink hot mike Kerry comment that Edwards , "can''t even win his own state." Will Edwards bite the bullet, silence raging campaign staff and be a good Veep for the good of the party and himself?) urlLink Bill Richardson Pros: Governor of ultra-crucial New Mexico ... Latino ... former UN Ambassador and urlLink seasoned diplomat would give international cooperation credit points to ticket Cons : None. ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 : hot like salsa) urlLink Wesley Clark Pros: Longshot, but if he wins big in Oklahoma and the conservative Southwest he could be in the cut ... General would give strong military backing to ticket ... would humiliate chickenhawk Cheney in a debate ... strong with African-Americans Cons : Too closely tied to Bill Clinton, who wants Hillary '08, which may be an issue. ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 : Wes is bitter as the Clintonistas dumped his ass as soon as he started looking like yesterday's donuts. Could be Sec of Defense in a Kerry White House. An effective military attack dog. Will work well with a Cleland Veep) urlLink Dick Gephardt Pros : Outside of Cleland and Edwards, the most likely running mate ... most popular pol in pivotal swing state Missouri ... would be perfect for a Kerry-Gephardt Northern labor-veterans strategy against a Bush South ... comes with the backing of labor, a Democratic must needs ... a truly good guy who dropped out and endorsed Kerry early: he did the right thing Cons : Wooden on the stump, charismatically challenged (ed note: Feb 14, 2004: this ticket may be too damn Northern top heavy. Could be the greatest and most powerful Sec of Labor in US history in a Kerry White House) urlLink Evan Bayh Pros: Young up and comer, popular moderate Democrat from a Republican state ... would look good stumping with Kerry ... strong political family ... Would play well in Bush states ... hugely ambitious for national office, a quick study Cons : A long shot ... may not even be able to deliver Indiana, his home state, against Bush ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 : not bloody likely, but it would harken to the Tom Sawyer-Huck Finnish days of Clinton-Gore '92) urlLink Bob Graham Pros : Most Aggressively Campaigning for this position ... got out early ... most popular elected official in CRUCIAL Florida ... Senate Intelligence Committee Cons : Bad ticker ... charisma challenged. (ed note: Feb 14, 2004: The Corsair believes that Graham, who lusts after this position so badly that our computer screen is blurred, prolly had a deal with the Dean peeps, so he may be radioactive to Kerry; then again loyalty, in politics, is urlLink mobile, like la donna )

 An Interview of Ron Mwangaguhunga by Ron Mwangaguhunga What's your name? Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I present an interview with Ron Mwangaguhunga What's the Ron short for? Ronald? It's short for Irony, the "I" and the "why" are silent. Is that African? Ugandan, I was born in Uganda, raised there, and London briefly, then Ottawa, Canada (The Corsair shivers) and Manhattan. Sounds like you were you a military brat Close. I was a diplobrat, a culturally significant animal that shares many of the same character traits. My dad was Uganda's Consul to the Embassy in Canada in the early 70s, then Ambassador to the US and finally the UN in the late 70s, while chairing the UN's Law of the Seas Commission. Growing up in the shadow of the UN in the 70s is about as idealistic as it gets. At the dinner table we spoke of Human Rights and The Year of the Child. What was growing up in Canada as a Ugandan like? Fucking cold, hombre . Wicked cold. And Canada in the 70s was kind of like Kentucky on ice. Lots of country and western on the radio, for some odd reason and people had CB radios in their living rooms. Trucker culture was very big there. I grew up to urlLink Dolly Parton's Jolene , Crystal Gayle , Johnny Cash tunes. And it was wild up North: humungous coyotes and coy dogs and wolves would wander into the city often, with patchy fur and tongues dragging, which, for a morsel-sized tidbit of a Ugandan boy, is kind of scary. I believe we were the first black people anyone in the town had ever seen. We did a good job representing, I must say. And, to this day, I get along with white people. White people like me. And you went to the UN School in Manhattan Yup. Dustin Hoffman's daughter was one year ahead of me. I should have scored her, but I was far too concerned with drawing pictures of dinosaurs at the time. You can imagine that she was very popular after urlLink Kramer vs. Kramer swept the Oscars. Those UN kids were fucking sophisticated. Everyone saw the Oscars, the major sporting events, the Presidential addresses, and discussed them. I believe some Kindergarteners actually had briefcases, but I may just be lying. The older kids did what rich sons and daughters of powerful people did in the 70s -- they went to dicos and fucked. Very internationalist, this school. We sang Native American folk songs, did karate in gym class, studied world art: it was about educating possible world leaders and all that. The conservative hilbillies who oppose internationalism should look at the languages and music and literature curricula at the urlLink UN School before they express their own aggressive ignorance. (Ed Note: In retrospect I can see that this line earned me the hate mail, but bear in mind it was written in the heat of the build up to the Iraq War) You went to college in Vermont. Right, urlLink Marlboro College , which had a large proportion of studious, beautiful kids dressed in LL Bean pajama tops and faded blue jeans, talking contemporary philosophy and comparative literature. We did a lot of cross country skiing and amateur astronomy at our own planetarium -- of course, there were monsterous amounts of the "sticky ickey." It was Vermont. It seemed like the thing to do. Marlboro was urlLink Secret History by Donna Tartt without the murder. I wanted to be a writer. I transferred out to go to urlLink Saint John's College , where I immersed myself in the Classics and Ancient Greek , then I went back to Marlboro and studied Literature and Philosophy. You'll see scattered references, like archaic ruins, alluding to the classics in my blog. I have to get my monies worth somehow. When did the 80s end? Somewhere in urlLink Secret History Donna Tartt says rightly that the magical weekend always officially ended (for kids of the 70s) with the urlLink Wonderful World of Disney , at 7pm on Sunday night. That's when one did one's homework. Officially the 80s ended the moment Rob Lowe gave Demi Moore his urlLink St. Elmo's Fire speech. The decade ended when Billy intoned: "This isn't real. You know what it is? It's St. Elmo's Fire. Electric flashes of light that appear in dark skies out of nowhere. Sailors would guide entire journeys by it. But the joke was on them. There was no fire. There wasn't even a St. Elmo. They made it up. They made it up because they thought they needed it to keep 'em going when times got tough. Just like you're making up all of this. We're all going through this. It's our time on the edge ." Just like that with that gravelly world-weary voice: it's our time on the edge . And with that, the 80s abruptly ended as Billy took the Greyhound bus out of Georgetown with his loaded six string on his back. Lowe always knew that you leave a party while the gettings good: look at how he exited the urlLink West Wing before it jumped the shark . So you've heard about the Kerry affair? Alleged affair. Who urlLink hasn't . It's today's shadenfreude. If it is true, it won't help Dean , who supposedly chose to fight on in Wisconsin because he was privy to the info. If it is true, it will help John Edwards , whom I have always believed is the strongest candidate to tackle Bush. (Ed Note: This turned out as a hoax) What's up with your obsession with RZA? He's crazy like urlLink Swayzee . He's like the wind. Crazy people are interesting. Plus he feeds his kids colloidal silver -- hello ? His kids are going to look pretty urlLink Smurfy pretty soon, because urlLink colloidal silver turns you blue . What's up with the site design? It makes my eyes bleed Hey, The Corsair is no frills. I'm a content man. What? You don't like the pea soup and electric blue motif? (Ed Note: If you remember, this site used to be designed really badly) No. And what's up with speaking in the third person like that. And what's a Corsair? The Corsair was sort of a urlLink Spy Magazine in urlLink nineteenth century Denmark . They attacked one of my favorite philosophers, Kierkegaard , in a way that remarkably anticipated the way tabloids attack the famous today in this age of shadenfreude. I like to think we are continuing in the tradition of The Corsair , but that I would have incorporated Kierkegaard's critique of our snarky democratic leveling and asked him to join the masthead. Kierkegaard was an OG blogger -- real old school . urlLink Hegel was his nemesis. It was on like urlLink Grey Poupon when those two slung the snark. Are you crazy? No, that's a misconception ; I'm eccentric. I do yoga. I am opinionated . I like cheesy celebrity gossip and urlLink Herodotus . Annie Lennox told Time Magazine this week that she thinks of herself as a "thought factory." I like that. (Ed Note: The pretentious meter goes off the charts on that one, guys, sorry) You're kind of all over the place. What's your mandate? I cover media, gossip, fashion, politics, tv, fashion, urlLink classical civilizations -- a little bit of everything, fo' shizzle . It's a bonfire of the vanities every day at Corsair. I am going to try and incorporate the business world more into this also. What's with the Cutty Sark? Like most writers, I drink copiously. It was said at Saint Johns that I in my brief time there I drank the equivalent of the Chesapeake in gin and tonics. I don't dispute the claim. urlLink Cutty Sark is my beverage of choice. And no , I don't get paid to say that. What are you like? Shy, very shy, always flirty with the ladies, grave, African, occasionally amusing, scruffy -- I sport a "nurtured in the wilderness" look. A cross between David Chappelle and urlLink Mircea Eliade . How long have you been blogging? Since October 2003. Do you like people to correct you? I do. I'd rather have someone email me that I misspelled the name of Sofia Copolla , like a fine reader from CBS Marketwatch did, rather than look like an ass with the name out there. Better a correction than the 8 to 10 pieces of hate email I get. And what's your obsession with Bill Murray? The first movie I ever saw was urlLink Meatballs , and he is really interested in urlLink Gurdjieff , which I am too, and have been for close to a decade. Bill can do no wrong as far as I'm concerned. He is the coolest man in America. Presumably you've worked in the media world Presumably. I've either worked at or written for The Nation , New York Magazine , Paper , New York Press , former NYC classical radio station WNCN, Fashion Week Daily, National Review Online, Sonicnet , which was absorbed by MTV Interactive , and urlLink MacDirectory , where I was editor in chief. What do you like? You mean aside from urlLink Naomi Campbell and the urlLink Max Mara models ? I'm, assuming you mean blogs. As far as blogs go, I like the usual. urlLink Choire Sicha really made me laugh about a week ago when, as an aside, he mentioned that NY Social Diary had blacks in the party pictures, which is unusual to say the least. I must say here that I like David Patrick Columbia and he has had nice things to say about my site, but the Upper East Side that he often covers is, well, you know . urlLink Newyorkish is the sweet spot. urlLink Socialite Life is a place I frequent. I think urlLink Elizabeth Spiers is a hottie. I love urlLink Lowculture , actually I am an addict. I am a urlLink Lockhart Steele addict as well. And urlLink TMFTML and urlLink Uncle Grambo and his quest to broaden the english language. And I read urlLink Musto on line, and urlLink Rush and Molly and urlLink Page Six . And urlLink Old Hag . And urlLink Romenesko and urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever Blog . Oh dear, I hope I got everybody. That urlLink Jen Chung of Gothamist ... yummmy. And Memefirst. We love urlLink memefirst . I like urlLink Bunsen too. (Ed Note: This is massive ass kissing, on a cosmic scale, of which I am now ashamed, but I was new, at the time, and needed to kiss the right as to get me where I am today, which is somewhere in the Middle of the heap. Not my finest hour) What would be your ideal media job? Writing for Jon Stewart or VH1 or Trio or -- gasps -- Dave Chappelle might be fun. But everyone writing in NY who writes wants to do that. That's like saying, oh, I'd love to write and executive produce a drama for HBO. Like, you and everyone else, tough guy. But I do. If my boss is reading this, my current job is my ideal media job. Spy was obviously an influence. Spy and Spiers , Taki , Gore Vidal , Nabokov , Basquiat and Alan Thicke . Thicke of the Night was big with me. Just kidding. urlLink The Big Blue Marble and urlLink Land of the Lost and the urlLink Figure 8 Schoolhouse Rock Song were big with me; figure 8 got me wondering about infinity and eternal recurrence. My questions on the nature of Time, however, were somewhat resolved in a gentlemanly stalemate over the tv show urlLink Voyagers , featuring urlLink Meeno Peluce as a corsair who defied the linearity of time. Rock on Meeno Peluce. (And, RIP, Jon-Eric Hexum) What other TV Shows? Oh, lots: urlLink The Edge of Night , urlLink Upstairs/Downstairs , urlLink Poldark , urlLink The Linda Carter Variety Show , urlLink Good Times , Sherman Hemlsley on urlLink The Jeffersons , the first black self made millionaire on tv that didn't take over a third world country by junta -- actually every black man between 25 and 35 in America was influenced by Sherman. He's like the black Jesus. urlLink Fame the TV Show , I always wonder why they don't put repeats on Trio or VH1 , that was a great show in the first few seasons. urlLink James at 15 is another show that I cannot imagine has evaporated: "It is so choice. If you have the means I highly suggest picking one (DVD) up." Very tender. urlLink Kiss Meets The Phantom ... too many to name. But I, Claudius was the watershed event. I wouldn't have studied the classics if not for that. And the Hardy Boys , dark. The whole ground of being of the 70s had that dark gritty urban vive to it: from Baretta to OPEC . And what about movies? urlLink Ingmar Bergman is my personal Jesus. Fucking haunting, that man. Watching his movies makes me hungry because you burn so many calories paying attention to the music, the emerging themes, the lighting, that fucking abrupt Sven Nykvist close up. Bergman also has this High Serious vibe about him that is attractive. Not many people nowadays approached art with a urlLink Rembrantian reverence , just look at a punk like Andy Warhol . He's a very strange Northern wind twisting through the labyrinth of Western art. urlLink Autumn Sonata , Cries and Whispers , Shame and urlLink From The Life of the Marionettes are works of art every bit as great as anything done by urlLink Vermeer or urlLink Josquin de Pres . Last week's NY Times Arts and Leisure said that Bergman is spooky, and he is: spooky like urlLink Jaime Summers pulling off the face of a fembot. Music tastes? The earlier the better. Classical implies after Mozart, and that's too late for me. Early early music at the urlLink root of the musical impulse is what I am after. Aside from the random urlLink Schubert or urlLink Wagner piece, music has been going downhill since the middle 18th century. I love urlLink Medieval and urlLink Renaisance music. It has charm and I love the embroidery. Give me some urlLink Monteverdi drama , or urlLink Dietrich Buxtheheude and I'm raring to go. I also love world folk music, especially urlLink Corsican polyphony , it is very pure; then there's East African traditional music, and urlLink Tibetan chants that sound like mountain wind, urlLink Russian Orthodox chant . And urlLink freeform jazz and John Cage when I'm smoking the urlLink sweet leaf , which is increasingly rare as I am now over 30, and it is a well known fact that if you smoke weed after 30 something is wrong with you. Of course, for fucking and dancing one needs the requisite Mobb Deep . One can't fuck properly to Philip Glass . Books? In no particular order: urlLink Ada or Ardor by Nabokov , which is complicated, but once you work out all the family relationships, it gets fun. urlLink The Forbidden Forest by urlLink Eliade . The Forbidden Forest is like a urlLink bouillabaisse or a urlLink cassoulet . It changes depending on the season you read it. I broke up with my fiance and the book had special meaning for me, and I just rred it a few weeks ago and the book -- or me -- was dramatically different. Like a bouillabaisse with white wine in winter as opposed to one with beer in the summer. I adore urlLink John Fowle's Magus and urlLink Sophocles Oedipus at Colonus . Will you sell out? Depends on how you define it. Will I jump at the chance if, say, urlLink Trio or urlLink GQ asks me to be their official blogger, or one of the cable networks offers me a footstep in the writing door. Or if Dave Chappelle or John Stewart wants me as a writer? Of course. I'd like to be recognized for the work I put in here. But will I alter or change my content? Never. Well , I won't use cursewords. But I like what I do now, which I don't want to say, they let me do my blog at work, just so long as I make my deadlines. But in the future I want to write for TV. Who would you most like to take on a desert island with you. Oh, without a doubt urlLink Helena Christiensen . urlLink Helena Christiansen is proof that there is a Divine Intelligence shaping the destiny of man. God, she's fucking urlLink incredibly gorgeous . And Naomi Campbell, I don't care how skanky my friends at Page Six say she is. I'd just wear a suit of armor. Thanks No problem. Pour me a glass of The Sark on your way out. (The Corsair will not be "published" tomorrow due to mi vida loca. Sorry)

 Samuel L. Jackson's Subway Nightmare In the March 2004 urlLink FHM Magazine , Samuel L. Jackson tells this harrowing tale of the urlLink evil subway . A "very special" Corsair: " I was riding the A train late at night. I was getting off the train and there was a woman in front of me who had some shopping bags, and one broke. I stopped, very un-New York like, and helped her pick up her stuff. When the door closed, I had one foot in the subway, and one on the platform. Luckily for me I was in the last car. As the train took off, I was snatched off by my feet and my body twisted, ripping all the shit in my knee. I was dragged along, dodging the poles and I couldn't get my shoe off. Eventually somebody pulled the emergency chord which stopped the train. I didn't find out until a year later when I was in court that the reason it took so long to pull the chord was that the guy who did was on crutches."

 Trump Loves Pennies "I'm not a big fan of the handshake ... I think it's barbaric, shaking hands, you catch colds, you catch the flu, you catch this, you catch all sorts of things." If you identified urlLink Donald Trump as the author of this oft-repeated riff then you are dead on. The trouble is that it doesn't mesh with a comment he made to FHM in the March issue. Check out this slice: Trump : If I see a penny on the sidewalk, I always pick it up, because, psychologically, I want to do that." FHM : Seriously? Trump : Absolutely. I do it all the time. That's the way I am. Okay, leaving aside the fact that this is utter and complete bullshit, lets zero on the whole penny-hygiene thing. Donald Trump, worth, roughly $2 billion bending over, ass akimbo, picking up Abe Lincoln's from the gritty expectorate laden Midtown streets. And yet he will not shake hands? Priceless.

 Smackdown: Dick Morris vs Bill Clinton From Behind the Oval Office , by Dick Morris p. 64-5: "At about midnight, (then Governor Bill) Clinton joined Hillary, Gloria Cabe , his campaign manager, and me in a cozy breakfst room off the kitchen. My polling (for a 1990 gubernatorial reelection fight) showed that McRae offensive (Bill's ooponent) had dropped Clinton's share vote to a meage 43 percent. Generally, when an incumbent's share of the polls dropped below 50 percent in the polls, it means he is likely to lose ... Clinton's temper got the better of him. Exhausted, worried, and angry, he exploded. 'You got me into this race,' he screamed, 'so you could make some extra money off me. That was the only reason. And now you give me no attention, no attention at all. I'm about to lose this election, this primary, against a nobody' ... Clinton has a terrible temper ... In pain and facing that harsh criticism, I lost my temper too. If he was too hasty in his criticism, I was too sharp in my reply. Storming out of the breakfast room through the kitchen toward the door outside, I rallied, 'Thank you, thank you, thank you. You've just solved my problem. I'm getting shit from Atwater and shit from Lott for working for you, and now I can solve my problem. Go fuck yourself. I'm quitting your goddamn campaign, and now I am a free agent. I can be a fifty state Republican and don't have to take your shit.' "Clinton charged up behind me as I stalked towards the door, grabbed me from behind, and wrapped his arms around me to stop me from leaving. I slipped to the floor. Hillary helped me to my feet. The moment I stood up Clinton became apologetic. 'Don't go, don't go I'm sorry. Don't go, I;m sorry,' he said as I walked out the door, slamming it behind me.. Hillary ran after me to calm me down. She put her arms around my shoulders and walked me around the grounds of the mansion. "Please forgive him," she pleaded. 'He's under so much pressure. He didn't mean it. He's very sorry. He's overtired, he hasn't slept well in days. He's not himself. He values you. He needs you,' she repeated. "I calmed down enough to drive to my hotel, and I called Eileen (his wife) shaking in rage. Later Hillary called to tell me how much Bill wanted me back. Then he came on line to apologize ... I couldn't leave Clinton three weeks before his primary, but from then on I dealt with him in a formal, almost frosty way. I stopped calling him Bill, always adressed him as Governor, and left when our meetings were over rather than hang around and chat."

 RZA is Crazy The Corsair has many media obsessions but one of his favorites is RZA . The RZA is crazy. Nutso. He eats ungodly amounts of urlLink colloidal silver , even proffering it to his offspring need we say more? One day RZA and his babies are going to turn blue from a colloidal silver overdose and then people will take me seriously. Anyhoo : here's what he had to say to FHM : FHM : How strong is your Kung Fu? RZA : "Strong, but I've never used it. One of my uncles trains CIA agents. He was offended I was learning from someone else, so he showed me this one move. He said, 'I could cripple you.' I believed him but he had to prove it. I was hurt for three months." Okay ... leaving aside the implausibility that one of RZA's uncles is in the intelligence gathering business, how many people out there have familial relations that whisper urlLink Moon Knight -like threats. Being family is not about crippling one another . The interview concludes: FHM : Is there an RZA sex tape out there? RZA : I don't leave evidence like that. I form the lense with my hand, look through it and tape record with my mind. What-the- fuck ?!

 Reba McEntyre Calls in Sick urlLink Medialife reports that country music crooner Reba is unhappy with her salary at WB. Does anyone watch this drivel: " Reba McEntire has called in sick to the WB Network at least twice in the past month, stating that she could not film episodes of her sitcom 'Reba' due to a 'family emergency' in Oklahoma. Rumors have now surfaced that McEntire is displeased with her current salary, but she is expected to return to work today without having renegotiated her contract." Hmmm. What would that phone call sound like? Executive Producer Allison Gibson : Hello? Reba: H'lo, Allison? Allison: Yes, Reba? Reba? We are going to start shooting in ten minutes. Where are you? Reba: Uhm, My uncle who trains CIA agents in Oklahoma's trailer done blew up. He was making crystal meth and something ignited. Allison: (skeptically) Yes, well, I'm sorry to hear that. This wouldn't have anything to do with your salary. Reba: Uhm. It might. Allsion: What's wrong. Reba: I just don't think someone on tv should be making $8.50 an hour. Allsion: This isn't tv, Reba, it's the WB.

 Adam Moss at New York Via urlLink Gawker via urlLink Mediabistro we learn that NY Times culture czar is replacing that punchy paige boy haircut Caroline Miller at urlLink New York . The Corsair is not really happy about this, as Adam Moss had the disgusting little habit when he was editor at the New York Times Magazine of running cover stories on African and African Americans as alien species to be observed under a (makes quote marks with fingers) "concerned" liberal microscope, the African American " urlLink down low" AIDS piece , the impoverished adopted Sudanese immigrant story, the Nigerian women about to be stoned story and, of course, the Death Row Gangsta Rap cover stories are hallmarks of the Adam Moss school of editing. We hope that Adam Moss doesn't bring that kind of shit to New York Magazine.

 GroupHug.US A confession from urlLink grouphug.us : "I'm female-19, on my way to being very well educated and a good citizen. I love violence. Violent movies turn me on like you cannot believe. Kill Bill I was this amazing sexual experience for me. All the guys I'm attracted to are either really gifted martial artists or talented in some other sort of violent activity like boxing. This attraction worries me." And: "On the outside I'm very humble, but inside, I know I rule a lot." Also: "I would never go through with it, but I have a fantasy about my teacher. He recently had his 30th birthday. I'm 17. He acts flirty with a few girls he teachers, I'm one of them. He plays with my hair alot. Even though he's happily married, I want so badly to seduce him. He's told me I'm good-looking, that I have great skin, he likes my hair a certain way...he's blown me a kiss during class before, as well. "I don't think he'd go through with it, either...but I want so badly to know what he thinks of me. I want him to want me, like I want him. "I feel like such a jerk." And who could leave out: "i have a summer job working in corn feilds with a bunch of other people. over the years i have perfected taking a dump while walking through the field" Good times . urlLink Grouphug.us

 Whatever Happened to the NY Press? The NY Press used to be an interesting read -- all snarky and conservative and above all relevant -- and now it has become an Eastern European literary magazine. What happened! I once even wrote an article on The Great Books for them a la urlLink Alan Bloom . It was the anti-Village Voice, young, angry, smart and media centric; low on facts, hard on rhetoric: New York Press was the Zeitgeist, it was a dissonant more working class continuation of the Spy Magazine tradition. I miss it, god damn it. Russ Smith sold it for $2 million, but he should have taken the the great Taki Theodoropoulos made him years ago -- $5 million. urlLink The worst hangover I have ever had was after a Taki dinner party at Elaine's for sex offender Scott Ritter -- I shit you not. Only, he wasn't a child offender at the time, he was opposing Clinton and Hussein ... it's a loong story. Anyway, the last thing I remember was drinking with Taki and Chris Buckley in the back of Elaine's arguing over the Great Books ... and I woke up very, very sick. Never try to drink a Greek writer under the table. And never, I mean never , try to outdrink Christopher Hitchens ... but that's another story.

 Vagina Monologue Showing off our liberal arts education, my momologue comes from Machiavelli's Discorsi Sopra la Prima Deca Di Tiudo Livio, III, 6 : it concerns Caterina Sforza Riario , a great beauty of her day and a woman Machiavelli thaught of fondly, "(Some conspirators) killed Count Giordano , their lord, and took his wife and small children. Since they did not see how they could be secure if they did not become masters of the fortress, and the castellan were not willing to cede it to them, Madonna Caterina (so the Countess was called) promised the conspirators that if they let her enter it, she would deliver it over to them and they could keep the children with them as hostages. With this pledge they let her enter. As soon as she was within, she stood on the walls and berated them for the death of her husband and threatened them with every kind of revenge. And to show that she did not worry about her children, she showed them her genitals , saying she still had the means to make more of them." What an Italian woman! Machiavelli knows how to tell a story, dammit.

 Andrew Cuomo: The Art of Losing "The agony of defeat. It seems magnified in a political election, that modern day crusade and zero-sum game. There is no silver medal award for finishing second. Elections consume body and soul. "My race was great political theater. I was running last year in a primary to defeat George Pataki, who defeated my father Mario Cuomo. The New York press had choreographed the campaign into an Italian opera in which the son was to avenge the father's death. There was no romance in the opera: father dies, and son dies. "Political loss is unique in that it is public and pervasive. There is no need to whisper in the kitchen 'honey, I didn't get the promotion' after an unsuccessful political campaign, everone knows you lost. "For me, the pervasive nature of loss became real one day after my withdrawal from the New York governor's race when I was at a gas station. I pulled into a self service station and removed the gas cap. I was excercising all the deliberate caution not to dirty my suit or my tie, which have a proclivity to position itself as a bib for the gas nozzle. I was attempting my personal innovation: wedging the gas cap into the nozzle to avoid having to hold the handle. As this is not easily done, I made several attempts in which the cap fell down and rolled to some inaccessible spot, causing me to have to retrieve it, moving delicately to avoid dirtying myself. "At this point I looked across the island to see the customer on the other side watching my exhibition. The patron across the way looked at me and said, 'Boy Andrew, losing really stinks -- you even have to pump your own gas. "Everyone knew. There was no hiding." Crossroads , Introducion by Andrew Cuomo .

 NY Times' Neil Strauss: Porn Writer? Damn, we had just gotten all up in Neil Strauss' grill on Saturday for describing a rambling Courtney Love phone call as Joycean , and now it appears our New York Times whipping boy du jour , our boy Strauss is trading up from the Old Grey Lady all done up in curlers and wearing her bloomers contrasted with the supple silicon-enhanced porn queen in her prime. Delicious . That most excellent media duo urlLink Rush and Molloy report that Strauss is ghostwriting the pornobiography of "starlet" Jenna Jameson . They write: "Editors at urlLink The New York Times were were, um, taken aback when they learned that music critic Neil Strauss was ghost-writing Jameson's memoir, urlLink How to Make Love Like a Porn Star . Actually, says a source, 'They went insane.' "Now we hear that Strauss has been talking with Jameson about appearing in her next movie as a male nurse. Our snitch says that Strauss won't be joining in the groaning and groping. Still, it's bound to cause concern on W. 43rd St. "A Times spokeswoman says Strauss and his bosses 'had a frank and thorough discussion of outside activities. We would not agree that the editors went insane , or ballistic. They did point out to Neil, with some emphasis, that our guidelines include this passage: Before accepting a freelance assignment, a staff member should make sure that the tone and content of the publication, Web site or program are in keeping with the standards of The Times ." The Old Grey Lady is respectable, she defines reality. She will not be mocked. La donna e mobile. She wants her journos to be flies on the wall, not guys on the ball . But Hmmm. What would a Strauss-crafted porn script look like, The Corsair wonders. (fade out) fade in 1a. INT. HOSPITAL DOCTORS LOUNGE IN THE HOLLYWOOD. DAY MALE NURSE TO NO ONE IN PARTICULAR Boy, it's been a while since I've been able to show some young sugar my bedside manner. All I ever see in this place are Old Grey ladies. I'd love to ... JENNA JAMESON ENTERS IN SHORT SHORTS I think I took a wrong turn trying to get back to my room MALE NURSE No, honey, you took the right turn JENNA Oh dear, I can't believe I got lost in this hospital. Can you help me get back to my room? I want ... MALE NURSE , sort of half-sliding and half-oozing from the chair. I know what you want, baby. urlLink music seeps SEX SCENE ONE They are interrupted by Adam Nagourney YOUNG BUCK, walking in without knocking, with big fake 70s porn moustaches, shortpants and an old USC Film School t-shirt Oh, excuse me, I was looking for the commisary. I was hankering for a slice o' pie. JENNA JAMESON Sweetie, I got all the pie you need right here ... MALE NURSE And it's the best kind: Georgia peach! (Abrupt Sven Nykvist close up on Nagourney) Nagourney looks straight into the camera, cocks his eye and says: I'll buy that for a dollar! Alright, enough. But, come to think of it, The Corsair can understand why The Old Grey Lady would be jealous that her reporters were giving all their "tender mercies" to Jenna Jameson.

 JLo and Marc Anthony urlLink Star Magazine , whose publisher Colleen Wyse , incidentally, is out after just 16 weeks on the job, is reporting in their February 11 issue a budding Latino power coupling between JLo and the freshly single Marc Anthony . A veritable Jennthony . "Star has learned that the couple moved on to a very prestigious LA hotel where they spent the next five days holed up in the Presidential Suite, feasting on room service, watching videos, and, according to an insider, 'got reacquainted romantically.' They then traveled on to Miami a week later where Anthony decamped in the guest suite of Lopez' waterfront mansion. Afraid of being spotted with Anthony in public as 'he is still legally married,' the couple took a private boat, the 'Sea Ray,' out for a ride, were seen hugging and kissing and then, went below deck for more privacy." Below deck? Sea Ray? Below deck? What? Is Star trying to get the Neil Strauss Best Porn Screenplay award or something? Anyhoo: While we're on the subject of Star , the urlLink Toronto Globe and Mail calls the new profile of IWantMedia.com's Media Person of the Year Bonnie Fuller in Vanity Fair "devastating." A taste : "Even Fuller's reported best friend, Jane Hess , is quoted as saying, 'She's like a shark.'"

 Senator John Kerry's Horoscope Senator John Kerry , who has had plastic surgery on his chin and has dated urlLink Morgan Fairchild as well as the former Mrs. Robert Evans , the American born daughter of Yugoslavia's princess Elizabeth, urlLink Catherine Oxenberg , was born under the sun sign of the extremely lucky Sagittarius. And no one of late is so brimming with urlLink Machiavellian Fortuna as Kerry, who sat back and watched Gephardt and Dean essentially bitchslap themselves out of contention in Iowa, and now, at this moment of historical exigency, is poised to watch Edwards and Clark do much the same thing urlLink over the South . Here is his horoscope for the day of the Virginia and Tennessee primaries: Sagittarius, for February 10, 2004, urlLink Super Horoscope (Berkley Books) "A kind deed in the morning is apt to attract a pleasant and unusual reward. Your investigative skills should be excellent ... your personal goals should be clearer as today's events validate your direction and strengthen your personal commitment to achieve your personal goal ." And that horoscope doesn't appear to be off, if the lefty Village Voice's urlLink James Ridgeway's damning profile of George Bush in 1972 is any indication. ( UPDATE : The President urlLink has released his military record ) Ridgeway writes: "In Alabama, where George W. Bush supposedly was slaving away on urlLink Winton 'Red' Blount's 1972 U.S. Senate campaign in lieu of National Guard duty, he is remembered by a Blount son as a smartass 'cuntsman' from Texas. "Bush Junior, as he was then called, used to come into Blount's campaign office in Montgomery, prop his feet up on a desk, and blab on about how much he'd drunk the night before, according to a detailed article by New Orleans freelance journalist Glynn Wilson on his urlLink Progressive Southerner blog . "Blount's Belles, a group of young Republican women and Montgomery debutantes who were helping out on the campaign, would fall into a swoon at the sight of young George. 'We thought he was to die for,' said one. But the Blue Haired Platoon, a group of older women campaigning for Blount, referred to Junior as 'the Texas souffl' because he was 'all puffed up and full of hot air.'" Charmed, I'm sure. But things really are not going well for the President. His interview with Tim Russert made him look weak and uncertain. The right wing po urlLink litical base is red hot over his policy compromises on immigration, prescription drugs and weopons of mass destruction. But of course, Senator John Kerry is a fluffy overly urlLink ambitious hairdo with zero substance , so it all works out in the end.

 Fashion Week Buzz: Day 5 An urlLink Oscar De La Renta Model Took a Nasty Spill . This should fill the daily ration of shadenfreude necessary for the well oiled functioning of an "evolved" democracy. Onward : Dead Animal Alert : urlLink FashionWeekDaily reports Vogue's editor, " Anna Wintour looking maximalist in a beaded suit with fur trim and low heeled suede boots" And, " Nan Kemper in a fabulous blue leather and fox fur Fendi coat (CH skirt and sweater underneath), and her favorite Manolo Blahnik boots." And "Catherine (Malandrinos) compensates for a light lower half with a blast of head warmth: enormous poofs of Davy Crockett raccoon (or was that coyote?) exploding from the models' heads. And at the Paco Rabanne Golden Age Party , three men dressed in python carrying a baby doll, urlLink also dressed in python . Our gal, Lookonline's Marilyn Mirschner gets the scoop: "On Tuesday, urlLink Oscar de la Renta may have catapulted himself into the 'Hall of Fame' with a show that started - get this - only a mere 15 minutes after it was supposed to begin! Now, that's a record. It's true: while most shows are well over 45 minutes late these days, Oscar's 50- piece presentation was 15 minutes early. In fact, his 1 p.m. show ended before most would have begun. Bravo to Oscar and his associates for pulling that one off. " ... Carolina Herrera (who says she was inspired by chic European ski resorts of decades past), was really disappointing. In fact, I overheard a fellow show attendee commenting to a companion that it was so bad, it looked like the collection was 'designed by FIT students.' Ouch!" And urlLink WWD's Ja cob Berstein and Greg Lindsay have a take on things: " Andr Leon Talley has made an unusual request this fashion week: he doesnt want to be anywhere near the front row or the cameras. Part of it is due to the level of, um, scrutiny Talley has been subjected to in the past, but he said he also just wanted to tip his hat to his colleague, sittings editor at large Camilla Nickerson , whose shoot for Octobers Vogue is the 'It' reference of the season. 'The whole thing has spiraled out of control' said Talley. And anyway, he said, 'Im tall. I can see from the fourth row, the scrum or back in the bleachers. Its not where you sit. Its the contribution you bring with your ideas and your talent.' And the Patron Saint of All Bloggers, that very cute Southern lass, Elizabeth Spiers urlLink wraps things up nicely , "After the 17th iteration of 'Honky Tonk Women,' the runway clears. Anna Wintour is sitting on one side of the runway in trademark sunglasses and a bodyguard-protected leather jacket. On the opposite side of the runway sits Glenda Bailey . They have no problem with the front row or cameras." Basta!

 Janet Jackson Goes Nude on CD Cover urlLink Matt Drudge seems to be hyperventilating as he headlines his site, in all caps as usual, "JANET JACKSON TO GO NUDE FOR NEW CD COVER!" Gawker's very cool Choire Sicha captured this hysterical aspect of Drudge's character nicely urlLink a while ago . One: Janet Jackson is not nekkid, but topless, covering her boobies up with her arms. Two: Out of the corner of the CD you can clearly see that she is wearing low rider jeans. Three: Calm down Drudge, you are beginning to sound like a housewife from Kansas and not a salty journalist in the urlLink Walter Winchell tradition (now you know where he gets that stupid hat from) .

 Jim Carrey Versus E! Television Playboy (March 2004) How do you feel when you see an urlLink E! show consisting totally of people like yourself being stalked by the paparazzi? Jim Carrey : Unacceptable. Way over the edge, man. That channel is now eating its young. Playboy : What do you say when they ask for an interview? Carrey : I don't do it.

 The Son Also Rises "My dad (Jack) never talked about his father ( Ernest Hemingway ). I think there was a tremendous hurt and sense of abandonment there. He loved and respected Ernest, but we weren't given these great gems of stories. It was more like: 'Yeah, well (Ernest) sent me to a whorehouse to lose my virginity.' And how sad is that?" Mariel Hemingway , urlLink Hello Magazine , Feb 10, 2004

 Tyson the Thousandaire Mike Tyson is down to his last $5,000, according to urlLink papers filed in US bankruptcy court . Accroding to Bloomberg : "Mike Tyson, who earned more than $200 million during his professional career, had $5,553 left in cash on December 31, according to papers filed with the US Bankruptcy Court. "Tyson, who filed for bankruptcy protection in August, also had $US174,000 in property and equipment and more than $10.2 million in liabilities at the end of 2003." The Corsair has no comment because he doesn't want to get beat up. Then again, after watching Tyson's last fights, to paraphrase Will Smith ( The Corsair gets a wild 80s nostalgic look in his eyes) urlLink I Think I Can Beat Mike Tyson .

 Sir Howard Stringer to BBC? The sexy but reptilian BBC Washington Correspondent Katty Kay made a rather curious remark in the "tell me something I don't know" section of the Chris Matthews program this Sunday past. She predicted somewhat ominously that urlLink Sir Howard Stringer , former head of CBS News, may become the next BBC Director General . Half awake, sipping from my usual Sunday Kenyan blend of coffee, the idea was intriguing. Sir Stringer's bio reads, in part: "Prior to joining Sony, Mr. Stringer had a distinguished 30-year career as a journalist, producer and executive at CBS Inc. As President of CBS from 1988 to 1995, he was responsible for all the broadcast activities of the company including entertainment, news, sports, radio and television stations. Under his leadership, the CBS Television Network became the first network to rise from last to first place in one season. In 1993, in what became one of the most chronicled coups in television history, Mr. Stringer convinced David Letterman to bring his critically acclaimed late night show to CBS. "From 1986 to 1988, Mr. Stringer served as President of CBS News, where he developed several new programs including the award-winning 48 HOURS, which continues as a primetime hit to this day. Prior to that, during his tenure as executive producer of the CBS EVENING NEWS with Dan Rather from 1981 to 1984, that program became the dominant network evening newscast of its day. From 1976 to 1981, while Mr. Stringer was executive producer of the CBS REPORTS documentary unit, it won virtually every major honor, including 31 Emmys, four Peabody Awards , three Alfred I. duPont-Columbia University Awards , three Christopher Awards , three Overseas Press Club Awards , an ABA Silver Gavel and a Robert F. Kennedy Grand Prize . Among his award-winning programs are THE ROCKEFELLERS, THE PALESTINIANS, A TALE OF TWO IRELANDS, THE DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES, THE BOAT PEOPLE, THE BOSTON GOES TO CHINA, THE FIRE NEXT DOOR, and THE CIA'S SECRET ARMY. " The bookies, however, urlLink according to The Sun , also have urlLink David Liddiment , urlLink Tony Ball , urlLink David Elstein , urlLink Mark Thomson , urlLink Simon Shaps , urlLink Dawn Airey and urlLink Mark Byford as front runners. The Corsair goes with Katty Kay on this one: Stringer is the most substantive candidate for the Beeb, which my father, Uganda's former Ambassador to the US, then Uganda's former Ambassador to the UN, listens to religiously.

 Fashion Week Buzz: Day 4 Lesson 1: Canada is the New Brazil Casting agent James Scully , who worked with urlLink Kevin Krier this season: "Canada is the new Brazil this season for models. urlLink Daria at IMG is from Canada , so is Heather Mark from Supreme . Daria's the biggest star of the new girls right now: she's a model's model, like Linda Evangelista . She's doing Marc, Zac and all of my shows. urlLink Jessica Stam (who goes by Stam) of IMG is from Canada; she's in every show this season. So is Gemma (IMG), who people are booking without even seeing.? Lesson #2: Anna Wintour Loves Dead Animals urlLink Lookonline's Marilyn Kirschner writes of Anna on Sunday evening, "Anna Wintour looking exceptionally wonderful in a chinchilla jacket." Anna at Kenneth Cole on Friday, as described by urlLink Fashionweekdaily's Tanya Jensen , "Anna Wintour in a knee-length leopard coat and freshly done spring highlights." Don't be a stranger: we can be like two ships passing in the night: like two models passing on the catwalk: send your votes for what you think Anna's next dead animal will be to: papermag@yahoo.com Lesson #3: Buzzords seafoam green, Liza Minelli , clean, elegant, Finola Hughes , Harry Bellafante , citrus, label lover, "I'll see you under the tents", Duran Duran , The Luis Vuitton opening, Tom Ford , tent-tastic, Carson Kressley and urlLink Tara Subkoff Lesson #4: urlLink FashionWeekDaily's Suggestions for Midlife Career Changes: "Their Next Moves: Our suggestions for mid-life career changes: " Miuccia Prada : Librarian at the Met Costume Institute " Anna Sui : Rock concert promoter or president of MTV " Marc Jacobs : Military uniform designer " Karl Lagerfeld : Hollywood diet doctor " Martin Margiela : Paparazzo " Valentino : Governor of California " Donna Karan : Guru to the stars " John Galliano : Director of Cirque de Soleil" And, apropos of nothing, The Corsair has a devastating crush on Helena Christiansen (*heart skips a beat*), one of the most beautiful women in the world. Basta!

 I, Geraldo: On The Road with Jerry Rivers Apparently, Fox TV's favorite tragedy chaser, urlLink Geraldo Rivera will be taking his show on the road to Iraq. The Corsair managed to snag some of his road trip diaries, which, oddly, morphs from the dialogue of a bad 50s tough guy impersonation so favored by conservative hacks like Peggy "I tell ya" Noonan into an almost imperial prose style: Day 1 : Lots a burkhas: no slim chance of me scoping out the hot tomata's here. You can't get a glimpse of the dames. Can't wait to get back to America. I'll bet urlLink Brian Williams doesn't need to do stunts like this urlLink to get ratings . Fucking pretty boy . I was once a urlLink Wise Man . Day 2 : What am I doing here in the Sunni Triangle with urlLink soldiers who distrust me ? I should be covering the legal angle of some tragedy, or sitting in a comfy New York studio with urlLink Rita Cosby dishing on Michael Jackson . There are trials up the wazoo! Martha , Jacko , urlLink Jayson Williams , Robert Blake and Scott Petersen ... what am I doing here? This scenario is turning grey faster than an incoming President's hair in the first year in office. Day 3 : Why was I complaining so the past few days: this is the story of the century: nation building . Ah, the spoils of war. I love the smell of Tikrit in the morning ... it smells like victory. Bismark is said to have once remarked that man can neither create nor direct the stream of time. Nonsense. I, urlLink Jerry Rivers , will gather the scoop on Babylon. I am a Wise Man. Day 4 : Have sent Roger Ailes a memo to appoint Annie Liebowitz as my official photographer. I am already practicing bombastic poses in the mirror. We are not going to do this imperialist Waugh travel journo thing half assed. Day 5 : Looking for a good satanic ritual story for my show. Ailes nixed the idea. May need to punch out some Shiites to punch up ratings. Fo shizzle . Day 6: Ailes said ixznay on the Annie Liebowitz photo shoot of Geraldo of Arabia. He said it wasn't in the budget. Haven't seen so much bad acting since urlLink Three Men and a Little Lady . Ailes can pinch a penny till Abe Lincoln squeals! Day 7 : Ya can take the kid outta the Bronx ... &c, &c and all that Jazz. Headed back to Fox studios in New York. Iraq is as distasteful as my urlLink torrid, torrid affair with Bette Middler .

 Twilight of the B-Listers urlLink Those wacky 3AM Girls blow up Paris Hilton's spot today (I know, that sentence sounds vaguely porny on this end too). Apparently, Paris tried and tried and tried to get into Clive Davis' exclusive pre-Grammy party but was nixed . Cheer up, Paris, The Corsair wasn't invited either. The 3AM Gals write: "(The) millionaire hotel heiress had a rude awakening at the weekend when she tried to blag a ticket to record boss Clive Davis's pre-Grammy Awards bash at the Beverly Hills Hotel in LA. "America's answer to Lady Victoria Hervey found out just how far down the celeb list she was when she tried desperately to get an invite. "For not only did one fail to materialise, but her name was not on the guest list either. "Yesterday, a spokesman for Davis said: 'Paris wouldn't be on his guest list. Clive Davis's parties are legendary and his list is for musical royalty.' "So, in desperation, 22-year-old Paris apparently got on the phone and begged Davis, head of J Records , to let her come. But her pestering didn't impress the music mogul. He was heard telling a companion, 'That girl has been calling me non-stop. Why can't she leave me alone? I don't even know her.'" But while The Corsair sat back and licked his uninvited wounds, Paris was, well, Positively Parisian. So what does a spoiled girl like Paris do when faced with adversity? She gatecrashed with her boytoy Nick Carter . Damn, Paris is as ubiquitous on the crimson-gold media landscape as Joe Trippi . And speaking of Paris, her former B-Lister paramour urlLink Joe Francis , the "founder" of the sleazy Decline of Western Civilizationesque urlLink Girls Gone Wild videos ( urlLink Paris vacationed in August in Ibiza with young Joe ) is having trouble getting into parties as well, as Deborah Schoeneman writes in urlLink New York : "Francis, who may be worth upwards of $100 million, is under investigation for taping girls he allegedly knew were underage engaging in lewd acts, but true to form, he hasnt let that stop him from partying. Large bouncers and a conspicuous lack of invitations, on the other hand, have crimped his style. Francis told friends he had a ticket for the Golden Globes ceremony, but he never showed and wasnt on any of the studios lists. And we hear he was begging (once again) to get into the after-parties. 'I said no,' says one event planner. 'I dont even think Playboy would welcome him at their parties.' The planner was right, of course. Displaying a strangely admirable tolerance for rejection, Francis showed up solo to Playboys Super Bowl party in Houston. 'He was literally begging to get in. I mean, he was explaining how hes a celebrity and he needs to walk on the red carpet and explain whats going on in his life to the press,' says that partys gatekeeper. Franciss worst offense, however, was offering to bring urlLink Mario Lopez (Saved by the Bell) to get VIP access. 'Needless to say, he never got in.' Francis didnt respond to our e-mail." Meanwhile, Paris has been in a suing mood of late. As urlLink Medialife writes: "Reality TV star Paris Hilton got a reality check when her sex life became public knowledge. Now the scheming socialite has sued a Panama-based internet company for $30 million for illegal distribution of her infamously raunchy tape of her cavorting with ex-boyfriend Rick Solomon . The 22-year-old hotel heiress has sued Kahatani Ltd . for violation of privacy, illegal business practices and infliction of emotional distress. Hilton, the star of the Fox reality show 'The Simple Life,' is seeking $15 million in actual damages and $15 million in punitive damages." There's no such a thing as bad publicity, only too little.

 Mugger Russia Russian Thug Vladimir Putin , former Jesuit John McLaughlin's political object of affection, has done it again. Proving that Stalin was an amateur, he hasmade one of his chief political opponents in next month's election " urlLink disappear ." Top that, David Blaine ! Oleg Shchedrov writes for Reuters (be careful, Oleg!): "The bizarre mystery surrounding missing Russian presidential candidate Ivan Rybkin deepened on Monday when a murder inquiry was opened and then quickly dropped." The Corsair shivers slightly, remebering childhood in Uganda in the 1970s, then continues: "The disappearance of Rybkin, 57, a fierce critic of President Vladimir Putin on the night of February 5 injected drama into the run-up to a March 14 election in which Putin is widely expected to win easily, securing a second Kremlin term. "While Rybkin, backed by exiled entrepreneur and Putin foe Boris Berezovsky , has launched bitter attacks on the Kremlin chief particularly for his Chechnya policy, his ratings are very poor. Like other candidates he stands no chance of unseating the highly popular Putin." Let's hope that there is no foul play involved, although factoring in that outspoken Putin critic Mikhail Khodorkovsky, a billionaire c andidate for President, was jailed and beaten ... that's highly implausible . UPDATE : The candidate r urlLink esurfaced , no foul play involved. Rybkin's his staff reported Tuesday evening that he had turned up in Ukraine, and Rybkin "told the Echo of Moscow radio station, 'I haven't disappeared anywhere.' "'I decided not to listen to the radio and TV' for a few days, Rybkin said. 'I decided to go to Kiev to visit friends.'" "Rybkin, 57, said he was 'shocked' when he read Russian newspapers on Tuesday and saw that his absence was being given wide attention." Okay, Russia is officially a freakshow. Ubiquitous Joe Trippi Joe Trippi is trippin on media appearances this week guesting at urlLink McLaughlin's One on One , urlLink Hardball and urlLink Topic A . And of course, Trippi was urlLink hired by MSNBC as a political analyst . A good career move in DC, it seems, is running a failed Presidential campaign. Look for Al Sharpton to land a Fox show next.

 Late Night Talk Show Wars, World War Two Not since urlLink Helen Kushnick , Jay Leno's late balls-of-steel manager, sparked off the urlLink Late Night Talk Show Wars has there been this much belicose sentiment in the television ethers. This time, Stuttering John Melendez appears to be the causus belli. urlLink E! Television late night talker Howard Stern weighed in on the noteworthy stutterer's defection to The Tonight Show this morning., saying of the Doritos munching comedian, "he can never be me." Other chestnuts were bandied about, like: "I told (Leno) what an ass he is ... you're just an ass ... a dummy." "Everyone in the industry is going to laugh at (Jay)" "(Leno is) just desperate ... you're not edgy." "(Leno) wants to be me and he doesn't want to be me -- he wants to be the good guy." urlLink Marksfriggin.com does an excellent job of summing up the hostility and the tone: "Howard said Leno asked him if he's mad that he's taking John. Howard said he asked Jay how much more material he's going to steal from his show. He said that Jay acted like he didn't know what he was talking about. Howard said he told Leno that he stole the idea of sending out some wacky guy to ask questions on a red carpet to celebrities. Jay told him that Steve Allen used to do that stuff. Howard said he asked Jay about the homeless game and how he stole that idea as well but Leno said that Steve Allen did that as well. Howard said that Jay just couldn't admit that he's stealing this stuff from him. " ... Howard said he told Leno that he can't get 18-25 year old men to watch his show and what he's trying to do is get John, from his show, to get that audience. Howard said he told Leno that his show is lame ... and he can't develop his own people. Howard said that Leno also said he heard how John wasn't getting paid that well on the show. Howard said he told Jay that he was going to give Jay a list of what he pays people on his show so he can take care of all of them as well. He said he also found out that the previous announcer, urlLink Edd Hall , used to be Letterman's production guy which was kind of weird. "Howard said this move (hiring John) was as weird as urlLink Jay hiding in a closet and spied on some NBC executives . Howard said Jay asked him if they're still going to be friends. Howard said they were never friends so, no, they're not going to be friends. He said he told him that he's the ... lamest guy on the planet. He said he doesn't care what he does but he looks like a stupid ass. He also said that John gets these jobs where he doesn't have to do anything and he's the luckiest guy around. "Howard said that Jay has stolen like 20 elements from his show but won't admit it. He said that the head writer from the show might as well have a funnel from the show to his ass. Gary (Dell'abate) came in and said that he heard that Howard and Jay had worked things out and were going to ride the wave of publicity. Howard said that Jay called him again and asked him if he wanted to do his show to talk about this stuff. Howard said he's going to talk about it on his own show and not do Leno's show. "Howard said that John could have come to him before taking that job to try and get more money. John came in a short time later to talk about it. Howard said that John's whole attitude has changed since this happened. He said he went to Atlantic City with John and John was mouthing off to the dealers down there. John didn't know what he was talking about." Check out Marksfriggin.com for an excellent wrap up of the whole brutal rant of Stern's decomposing show urlLink here . And as if this weren't inflamatory enough, urlLink ABC Late Night talker Jimmy Kimmell got into the mix, sending Stern a brutal letter(email?), saying, in part,"(Leno) plays dumb and nice but this guy is a fucking snake!" Stern also mentioned that urlLink CBS Late Nighter David Letterman contacted him and had some words, but that wasn't going to be discussed on air. Methinks The Second Late Night Talk Show Wars begun have ..

 I'm Ralph Nader, Bitch! Like David Chapelle's exquisitely rendered urlLink Rick James skit, Ralph Nader just doesn't seem to give a damn what other people think of his loppy antics. The Corsair worries in the dead of night that all those young college students -- idealists , really -- who have not been broken down by a life of sleazy compromise and corporate whoredon, like me, your humble blogger, will flock to a Nader run. All those disgruntled Dean and Kucinich voters will probably give Ralphie a hearing, thus, in the process, siphoning votes away from the eventual nominee, you know, the one guy who actually stands a chance of beating Bush. ( ed note : The Corsair still hopes John Edwards is the eventual nominee) I'll always have love for Nader, I suppose, for his admirable past contributions to the protection of the weak over the years -- his auto safety reform, his lobbying reform, his useful citizens groups, and history will surely have a warm, if small, place for him, but I do not understand this quixotic run. Nader will not win; he cannot. He will be lucky if he pulls more than 4 percent. The folks at urlLink Ralphdontrun.net make a powerful argument. Nader has been such an effective critic of the pursuit of power for the sake of ego, but lately, well , ever since 2000, when he actually made a political difference on a national scale, his eyes have betrayed a certain ... urlLink inamorata ... with his newfound "player" status. The greater good is becoming less important as the stubborness of old age crystalizes all those persnickety personality faults acquired over a lifetime fighting in the political wilderness. Something faint but sinister is emerging, in the manner of urlLink second act of Wagner's Parsifal , from deep within Nader's once blameless public-crusader persona ... a smile erupts abruptly when there shouldn't be one , when the subject of influencing the final vote count comes up. I don't know. I believe a great man has fallen prey to the urlLink pursuit after the Wagnerian Ring of Power . Very sad; very urlLink Gollumesque , chasing after "his preciousss!". Even saints can be sinners, it seems. Of this point I am certain: if Nader got a little nookie once in a while, the Democrats wouldn't be in this bind.

 Maximum Exposure urlLink The Smokinggun.com leaves The Corsair a more than a little nervous about technology and privacy issues as they detail the shenanigans of one Mark Huffman , owner of the ironically named tanning club, urlLink Maximum Exposure . The folks at Smokinggun write of the tomfoolery,"Huffman ... was nabbed earlier this week when a male customer noticed what appeared to be a camera hidden in a wall fan, according to the below Reading Police Department report. When cops arrived, they found evidence of Huffman's clandestine taping operation as well as pot plants and kiddie porn." Fuck. Well, I'm glad I have a natural tan right about now. urlLink Cincinnaichannel.com reports: "In what some might call a fitting irony, it was another piece of high-tech gadgetry that eventually got Huffman busted, (WLWT Eyewitness News 5's Brian) Hamrick reported. A patron saw what he thought was a camera in a vent, and using his own cell phone -- a source of its own controversy recently -- snapped a picture of the camera and took it to police. Irony and technology, deep in Reading, Ohio -- Jerry Springer country, by the way. I just thought this was an interesting story, gentle reader. I don't have anything to say on it either way.

 Kristin Davis to Keep Charlotte Pieces Proving that today is indeed a very slow newsday, urlLink Yahoo notes that Kristin Davis , who plays Charlotte on urlLink SATC will be keeping much of her wardrobe after the season ends. "'I have a lot of quintessential 'Charlotte pieces,' Davis told AP Radio recently. 'I have a lot of her vintage clothes. I have a lot of her shoes, except for the ones that I'm really, really sick of because they hurt.'" And in further late breaking news, I have decided to have the national drink of Peru, urlLink Pisco , with my dinner tonight. Anyhoo : urlLink Bunsen gives us the last screen shot -- spoiler alert! -- and Matt Haber , from urlLink Lowculture , sums up urlLink the meaning of Sex and the City .

 My Pal Susan Shapiro Last night as per my usual Friday night rituals ( excepting , of course, the urlLink Azazel Goat ) I went to the local bar for some jesus juice, hit on the ladies, came up dry, and, ultimately, got home zozzled (great word, zozzled , it was coined by urlLink Edmund Wilson , the daddy cool of American literary curmudgeons in his book urlLink The Sixties ; Edmund liked Ginger snaps, liverworst sandwiches and gin , not necessarily in that order, mind you) That damned Cutty Sark had gotten the best of me. For some reason I assumed that a little light reading would solve the problem of my perilous equilibrium. So I picked up my old pal urlLink Susan Shapiro's book Five Men Who Broke My Heart and urlLink started reading . It's fantastic , brutally honest, funny, just beautiful. And I'm not just saying that becuase she is one of my favorite people in the world. I barely slept because I was so into what Susan was saying. Susan will be on urlLink The Today Show on Wednesday, and urlLink reading at urlLink KGB Bar on Tuesday night. I'll be the one drinking Cutty Sarks and laughing at Sue's jokes. Miramax has got to option this story and get Helen Hunt to play Sue.

 Eminem's Mom Mugged ... On Eight Mile Road! Navigating urlLink Eminem's sordid past is like urlLink perambulating through one of Steven King's creepy-ass urlLink Maine towns . At midnight. In Winter. On foot. It's a urlLink looonng Eight Miles . Only, Eminem's Detroit is tougher -- have you ever tried to fight for your ass -- literally -- with a crazy eyed tweaker round Motor City way? No ? Oh well, I guess then it was just me . Anyhoo : Bob Hartlein of that significant cultural artifact urlLink the Star weaves a winding tale of la vida loca that surrounds Em : "Five years into his estrangement with his mother Debbie Mathers , Eminem remains so resentful of her that his only response to her recent carjacking was to call her a 'bitch,' a family member tells Star. "Late on the night of Thursday, Jan. 22, Mathers, 49, was visiting a gas station on Detroit's dangerous Eight Mile Road when she was carjacked at gunpoint. (A 16-year-old Detroit boy was apprehended and charged shortly after the incident.) Her purse -- which was in the car and has yet to be recovered -- contained 'a manuscript of a book she was writing about Marshall and baby pictures of him,' says the source." One would expect some comfort from your son if this were to happen to you, right ? Not in the Mather household. Love is for pussies: "This ordeal was yet another stroke of bad luck for Debbie, following her diagnosis with breast cancer a few years ago, says the source. And although she avoided injury during the crime, the source says that Debbie was subjected to a fusillade of angry words from her son. "'Look b****, of all the places for this to go down, Eight Mile Road , where my movie [2002's 8 Mile] was filmed!' Eminem allegedly yelled over the phone after learning of his mother's latest misfortune, the source says. 'Couldn't you pick another place for it to happen?'" Damn ... urlLink it's a hard knock life . Where's the love , Marshall? (shakes his head dejected at the lack of compassion in this godless Post September 11 world, whispers) Where's the love? Just because she didn't throw down for your baby pictures, cornbread, that doesn't make your moms a punk . She has cancer! But wait, there's more: "For years, war has been raging between the 31- year-old hip-hop mogul and his mother. In 1999, Debbie filed an $11-million slander lawsuit over some disturbing and potentially defamatory lyrics (he fantasized about killing her and called her a pillpopper) on his debut album, The Slim Shady LP. "In response, Eminem cut Debbie off both financially and emotionally, the source says. "To make matters worse, Debbie recently lost her Michigan home to foreclosure, and has since been living with a friend in a bad area of Detroit, according to the family member. Now, this vicious reaction from her son is almost too much for Debbie to bear, says the family member." The Corsair munches on salt-free popcorn, whistles to no one in particular about all of this trailer park shit, and, appalled, continues reading : "Eminem may not have much time left to mend fences. According to Debbie's brother Todd Nelson , she isn't getting treated for breast cancer, which she has been secretly fighting for two or three years. 'It only became known to family members in the last six months,' Nelson tells Star. Another family member thinks the disease is causing Debbie to waste away to what seems like a skeletal figure. 'Debbie isn't receiving any treatment for her cancer, partly because she can't afford it, and partly because she's in denial,' says the source. 'At this point, she doesn't care about her health: She continues to smoke, and most of the time, she's too weak from grieving over the eldest son she's lost to get out of bed. But maybe if Marshall showed her some love and compassion, she'd have a reason to live.' "The source adds that friends and family are stunned at Eminem's alleged insensitivity and indifference toward his mom: 'None of this seems to be a wake-up call to Marshall to extend an olive branch. He just doesn't seem to have it in his heart to forgive her for whatever past mistakes she made, and help her out -- especially now, when she needs him the most.'" It's like a car accident that you can't help but watch even though you know it's wrong. Surely this has something to do with the decline of American democracy ("and don't call me Shirley "), but I am too tired to give it the old Jerry Springer's Final Thought. Thank God it's Friday (*sips Cutty Sark*). For everyone out there who thinks your family is dysfunctional ...

 The Book of Pam urlLink Lloyd Grove weighs in on the strange rise of Christianity in the lives of silicon-enhanced celebrities. Yesterday, Britney was enduring "the passion," now, apparently, Jesus works his magic on Pam Anderson . urlLink Hep C ? No, true believers ... urlLink JC . Shmears : "THE PASSION OF THE SEXPOT: I suppose it was inevitable that even Pamela Anderson would get religion. The buxom former 'Baywatch' babe and hardcore-video star sermonizes in urlLink Jane magazine : "'I now love going to church. It's nondenominational, but they preach from the Gospel with sincerity. I've been reading the Old Testament lately. But the Book of John is also a good place to start. I've never felt anything but love from the people at the church I belong to. It doesn't matter to them that I'm on TV. Who cares?'" Jesus gets all the hotties . It must be that cultivated trustafarian hippie look he's got going on. It practically shouts: my daddy's rich! Anyhoo : urlLink Rush and Molloy , our favorite crime fighting-gossip reporting couple (when will Miramax option their story?), does an exhaustive survey of celebrity religion that is a must read, among them: "Wesley Snipes says, 'I never fail to pray before a meal.' "For all her 'dirrrtyness,' Christina Aguilera says, 'Right before I get onstage, I gather my band and dancers in my dressing room. We hold hands and my bass player leads us in prayer, or sometimes I'll lead the prayer.' "Reliably kooky Courtney Love thanks the Church of Scientology on her new CD, 'America's Sweetheart,' but says she also attends a Baptist church in South Central Los Angeles every other Sunday. 'When they say, Father , I just replace that with Mother , ' she says." Yes, indeed, Court certainly is a urlLink mother . Also in Grove is the extremely odd note that eminent Shakespearean scholar Harold Bloom pulled a urlLink Falstaff on feminist urlLink Naomi Wolfe when he "placed his hand between her legs." The article will apparently be on sexual misconduct at Yale for urlLink New York Magazine . urlLink Beatrice (via urlLink Old Hag ) notes that Camille Paglia -- a Bloom padawan -- has inserted herself into the mix. Stay tuned .

 Whatever happened to Slim Goodbody? True, he was slim. Very slim. Okay, urlLink John Burstein was the classic urlLink ectomorph geek . But we were urlLink wild and innocent youth at the time. What were we to know about cool? But even as a kid, I did pick up a certain ... nervousness. Now, maybe that had to do with a really fast metabolism on his part. Or, maybe it's just the plain fact that dressing up in his mom's panty hose with your innards haphazardly pained on them isn't the best way to make a living. And add on to that the fact that he did this in front of kids. In the name of (makes broad ironical quotation marks with his fingers) " health education ." Said ectomorph with an afro would actually sing these horrible -- horrible -- rockabilly ditties and dance this really spastic jazzercize numbers, chicken legs flapping in the wind, all in full view of kids. How lame is that? When I was a kid at the urlLink UN School it was considered lame to watch Slim Goodbody. Nowadays similar social leprosy could be gained from admitting to the consumption of urlLink Benson and Hedges cigarettes , or purchasing a urlLink Kenny G album . For whatever unfathomable reason of the childhood cruelty of my generation, the Yemeni Ambassador's kid at the UN School was considered a geek . Kids are old school like that. Now, in his early 30s, that kid is right about now a mid level official in the tyranny there, taking out all his childhood aggressions on innocent civilians. Shit happens : I can't be held accountable. Anyhoo : Even that kid -- let's call him the monkeyboy -- he thought Slim Goodbody was lame. That guy. And you know your up shits creek without a paddle if your shtick cannot appeal to the undiscriminating tastes of the Yemeni Ambassor's kid.

 TV Notes urlLink Matthew Starr pretended to be an earthling, but he was really the Crown Prince of the Planet Quadris . His father was overthrown by tyrants, so he was sent here to develop his telekenetic powers then go back to throw down some furious anger at his oppressors. His mentor is Louis Grossett Junior , who also pretends to be his science teacher. As opposed to, say, urlLink Bennu of the Golden Light , who is a messenger from an alien world, a scout. Bennu is looking for his lost companion, Mira . He aids people in distress with his freaky magical amulet. You better recognize . urlLink Alan Fawcett was the host of a show which scored pantomimers on originality, appearance and lip synch. urlLink Quincy's understanding of forensic medicine was way ahead of it's time for prime time tv. He, Quincy , of the LA Coroner's office. He lived on a boat, was a 70s swinger, and played detective to find evidence to support his theories of unexplained deaths. This did not endear urlLink Jack Klugman to the urlLink po-po . urlLink Greg Evigan played the independent trucker BJ McCay . He was a medevac pilot in the Nam and, somehow, managed to smuggle a chimp named Bear back with him. Living in a truck has it's advantages, as he croons in the theme song, "Best of all, I don't pay property tax ." Sheriff Lobo was always on his ass for something or other. Quite possibly this was tax related. Robert Gulliame -- who insists that he is not Haitian/caribeat , played an upwardly mobile household executive-budget director-Lt. Governor, urlLink Benson DuBois . (*snickers* DuBois?) His plight mirrored the rise of African Americans throughout the 70s, more accurately than Good Times (the low estimate) or The Jeffersons (an inflated estimate of the African American plight). He bantered with the Wagnerian housekeeper urlLink Gretchen Krauss , played so ably, ironically by the Nebraska-born Inga Swenson . urlLink That freaky kid Missy Gold with the big eyes and the adult dialogue kind of wierded me out. She harshed on my urlLink "I'd Like To Buy The World A Coke" 70s vibe. So, now you know .

 Bowing to the Guy who Plays Jesus urlLink Drudge reports via urlLink The NY Daily News' Tracy Connor that The Passion of Christ actor James Caviezel has actually had people bow down before him on the street . The Corsair has only had that happen after a particularly aerobic performance in the bedroom -- kidding . Well, not really. But the Daily News says: " James Caviezel , who plays Christ, said he got an equally eerie sign six months before he auditioned when a stranger came up to him and said, 'You'll be playing Jesus.' "Caviezel noted his initials are J.C. and was 33 - the same age as Jesus when he was killed. He said he's had fans bow down before him, and shrugged off the hardships of playing the physically demanding part. "'We're not called to the easy life,' he said. 'You either carry your cross, or you're crushed under the weight of it.' But Caviezel did not sound so Christ-like when he described how he looked after he was struck by lightning as he hung on the cross. 'I looked like I went to see Don King's hair stylist,' he said." We're not called to an easy life ? What the fuck is up with that, buddy boy? Have you noticed that people surrounding this holier-than-thou project are starting to sound vaguely first century urlLink desert father what with those goddam platitudes? Not to lump all Christians into this generalization on my part (and what is blog logic if not flawed but said with zest?): but they seem to have this mighty desire to be morally superior to everyone else. Cavizel, listen to me , sweetbread: you are an actor starring in a cheesy interpretation of the last 12 hours of a world-historical moment: you are not Jesus himself . You are not even urlLink Billy Crudup . This is not you. Repeat after me, Jimmy: I am not Jesus. urlLink George Jefferson is.

 The Justin Furor urlLink Cyberspace is buzzing like Swayze over Justin Timberlake co-hosting of the urlLink Motown special . Apparently , he's not black enough. He's got a stronger blaccent than me, anyway. urlLink Here is some of the buzz going around about it bout it: "(It) makes Black people look SIMPLE to request that he NOT host because he didn't stand behind the Super Bowl fiasco. The reasons he shouldn't be hosting Motown-anything are way more important than that shit." -- Newlywed "Timberlake was their second choice after not being able to put together a reunion of Rare Earth." -- Anon "so would you have a problem with a black person who was heavily influenced by a white artist hosting a white awards show?" -- shyshy "This is a cultural insult? Okay, so where were they when Snoop was walking around with with women in dog chains to the MTV Awards? Where are they when Snoop parades a pimp around with him all over the place? " urlLink The Boondocks comic strip has hit the nail on the head this week, with the way we act." -- Anonymous "The decision for Justin to co-host this special was made prior to his notorious event with Ms. Jackson. I didn't agree with the decision for him to host the show when it was first announced and now that he sold Janet out, he should be removed and his 'ghetto-pass' should be permanently revoked! "Seriously, he was a bad choice from the beginning. I know the TV execs want to meet a certain demographic for the show, but at what expense? The producers of this show need to reconsider their initial choices and go with someone else. Perhaps Beyonce or even Usher but certainly not Mr. Timberlake. " -- golyte , los angeles Stay tuned.

 Stuttering John To Ann-Ann-Announce L-Leno Accorrding to urlLink this story , Stuttering John Melendez of urlLink The Howard Stern Show will take a rr-rrr-rrun at announcing the urlLink Jay Leno Show . "He is working with a speech coach to control his stutter, a Tonight Show spokeswoman told The Associated Press Wednesday." Hmmm: urlLink how do we feel about that ? An unofficial site of the show, urlLink Marksfriggin , says of the matter: "John has been part of urlLink Howard's show since the late 1980's so this is going to be quite a change for him. It may be a sign of things to come for others on the show since Howard has been threatening to leave radio when his current radio contract is up in less than 2 years. John may just be the first person to find a job outside of the Stern Show in anticipation of Howard possibly bailing out. " Melendez begins announcing as early as March 29. ""Growing up, I was always a big fan of The Tonight Show and its amazing history. Now to actually be a part of it is beyond my wildest dreams!' Melendez said in a statement. "'I thank Howard Stern , the most talented radio personality, for giving me my start, for without him, The Tonight Show would never even know me. I am looking forward to working with Jay Leno and the rest of The Tonight Show staff.'" Stuttering John is perhaps best known for asking an embarrassing question of Bill Clinton's former paramour Gennifer Flowers , so nicely recounted by urlLink Stressfacory.com : "It was John's amazing performance at Gennifer Flowers's first press conference that established him as a national figure, worthy of discussion on urlLink The McLaughlin Group , of all places (where they referred to him as 'Mr. Melendez'). If ever there was a sanctimonious event worthy of puncturing, it was Flowers's public revelation of the sex-filled taped conversations between herself and then-presidential candidate Bill Clinton . "'Gennifer, did Governor Clinton use a condom?' John's booming stutter cut through the packed hall. Flowers tried to suppress a grin, but her handlers became irate. They tried to field more dignified questions, but John was persistent: 'Will you be sleeping with any other presidential candidates? Was there ever a threesome?'" urlLink John will also be doing interviews for Jay, but, we imagine, they will be of a tamer, more network friendly variety. Oh, and yes, my little pomegranates, any week where the lead off blog concerns Stuttering John is indeed a slllooow week.

 The Passion of Britney That significant cultural artifact urlLink The National Enquirer reports today that Britney Spears is a "born again christian." The Corsair would like to note in the interest of snarkalistic integrity, urlLink The Enquirer has also falsely reported that Farah Fawcett and Tom Green were an item ( eeewwww ). So, take this with a grain of salt, or a splash of holy water, or whatever . While Mel Gibson's freaky pappy, Hutton, was saying that urlLink the Holocaust was "exaggerated" The Enquirer rolls out their all-star line up of Michael Glynn , Robin Mizrahi , Patricia Shipp and Ellen Goodstein on this one, who write: "With her dad hugging her tightly( ed note : as he would a bank book in a hurricane) and tears streaming down her cheeks, the 22-year-old pop princess walked down the aisle at the urlLink Great Western Forum in Inglewood, Calif., on February 1 and rededicated herself to Christ urlLink in front of the Faithful Central Bible Church's largely black congregation." The Enquirer continues: "Her surprising appearance at the service climaxed the tremendous upheaval that followed her spur-of-the-moment wedding to a childhood friend. "'Following the worldwide press her marriage received, Britney suffered an emotional collapse,' revealed a source close to the family. 'With her father's guidance, Britney knew she had reached a spiritual low -- and that God was the only answer. "'She realized she had to go back to the Christian church in order to get her life together.'" In other words, Britney's been taken to Jebus. Now, I could say something snarky here, perhaps about a master plan to infiltrate the black people, to get at and steal their original music, or, I could contrast Britney's dad's "focus" with the Roman soldiers who led Christ to urlLink Golgotha . But nothing I could say would be more interesting than this story -- or pseudostory as the case may be, so I'll let the Enquirer tell it: "'They told Britney that they loved her very much but they couldn't stand idly by and watch her destroy her life and her career ( ed note : "gravy train")," the close source told The ENQUIRER. "'Her family told her that she needed to get her feet back on the ground and return to traditional values( ed note : like pimping your kid out to the music industry is family values) ... and that included Christianity.' "Britney took their sober sentiments to heart and agreed to attend the Faithful Central Bible Church's two-hour service on February 1 -- and stand with her father to rededicate herself to Christ. In an exclusive interview, an eyewitness to the stirring ceremony told The ENQUIRER: "'Britney arrived with her father, who had his arm around her. She seemed very focused, and her eyes were teary. "'Britney was weeping during most of the service, and her father comforted her by hugging her, or leaning over and urlLink kissing her cheek .'" Daddy's little dividend indeed.

 Blind Items Today's urlLink New York Post Page Six blind items had me stymied. How illustrative of my essential shallowness that I have spent all morning trying to break the code -- to no avail. Who are they? Tell me: "WHICH Manhattan mogul's gorgeous wife has a lesbian lover who was involved in a scuffle with security at a recent fashion show? The Sapphic smackdown happened after the mogul's wife tried to have her private playmate barred from the show, so as not to arouse her hubby's suspicion . . ." Russell Simmons ? Jerry Seinfeld ? Who ? "WHICH sexy starlet who was just caught cuckolding her boyfriend had been cheating on him for years? We're told that the wild child actress slept with two of her hunky male co-stars on movie sets a few years back." Drew Barrymore ? Hillary Duff ? Who?! The very cool urlLink Uncle Grambo may have figured it out on Whatevs .org today: "it's gotta be Bijou Philips , dunnit? while I have no evidence to support this, I'm betting that she got freaky deaky with Power while on the set of James Toback's 'Black And White' ... that whole opening scene had a definite air of authenticity." We agree. The wild child thing sounds Bijy. Just a guess.

 Overlooked Classics Yesterday I railed against outmoded fashion, lets be a little more positive today and speak of those forgotten classics that need not be. Why is it that we forget our heroes, like the new Mr. Ed , urlLink Sherman Helmsley ? Why? Here are some classics we should never forget: urlLink Stoned, the Afterschool Special with Scott Baio . "Super Stoned Jack," was the scariest introduction that most of us had to the world of the sweet leaf. Sensimila? Not if you have any sensibilities! The tag line for this read: "Jack is a motivated high school student who smokes cannabis for the first time, and falls in with a fast crowd. Will he wake up and realize what he's doing with his future before it's too late?" If I were stoned I would never go out in a row boat on the grey and greasy river limpopo. Well , certainly not after seeing this little chestnut of a public service announcement made by anxious parents of latchkey kids in the Age of Studio 54. Put it on Trio so we can all laugh at the "reefer madness." Just say yes to that Farah Fawcett haired character Felicity. But I'm sure skeevy New York Times writer Neill Strauss will. Dummy . urlLink Gritty 70s drama of urban social decline -- thanks, Ed Koch ! Asshole ! Back in the Koch day, NYC was all about twitchy pimps with straightrazors and purple suits with ruffled shitrs and jewel encrusted goblets wandering the urban landscape (hey, come to think of it, urlLink the pimpy fashion sensibility is very ... umm... urlLink priest -like), as well as greaser glue sniffing graffiti punks roaming the streets in search of a little of the old ultraviolence . Koch turned NYC into a Guns n Roses video, with Mr. Brownstone creeping around Central Park in a raincoat with nothing on underneath! Get this plot, though, peeps: LeVar Burton plays a deaf and dumb mute who is framed for the death of a prostitute (Kuta Kinte, you are a framed man!). But will we get justice for the amiable host of urlLink Reading Rainbow ? Anyhoo : Will a young Paul Sorvino get him redemption when he cannot even communicate with his morose client? Or will "Dummy" just become another urban statistic on the Koch street? Despite the overall bleakness, this a very, very cool slice of social commentary. Poldark: This cult British tv series is quite habit forming. Incredible. Just urlLink incredible . A period piece that is a cross between Wuthering Heights , the Mayor of Casterbridge and Le Liaisons Dangereuse but with a compelling soap opera character at its heart. A guilty high quality pleasure. You get sucked in to this costume drama that is one part Danielle Steele and one part high art. Assorted Good Times episodes: Come on, you know you had a crush on Wilona ("and you too, Wilomena" said the archetypical corrupt pol, Alderman Davis ) when you were kid, didn't you -- the only blingy woman in the projects; or, if you were a girl, Bookman the janitor was your long, cold drink of water . What, you never saw a black man doing a John Wayne impression, pilgrim ? You better act like you know . And you know in your heart Wilona saved Janet Jackson from falling down that elevator shaft while trying to escape her mom who beat her with a hot iron just before she became Willis' girl, then Cleo on Fame.("and you too, Winooski") Remember the episode where Michael gets crunk off some dodgy ghetto "health tonic" (aka muscatel) urlLink classic ("Get Vita Brite and sleep tonight" ...*promptly passes out*). Then there was the time Michael joined a gang and hid his jacket in the oven, which prompted JJ to note that the smell emanating from the kitchen was an improvement on Thelma's cooking. Oh , what about the one where Thelma almost married this polygamist Nigerian cat. Crazy ! What about that pimpy guy "Lennay," who always sold hot appliances from out of his coat. Classic . So was the episode when James has hypertension. So was ... hey ... was this urlLink a comedy or what ? ("and you too, Winifred") Cinema Paradiso . The best work of art on the subject of friendship I've ever encountered. The Corsair lost a couple of tears in his Cutty Sark at the end of this one. Any classroom reading of urlLink Artistotle on Friendship should include a look at this film. urlLink Fellini's Satyricon . A pagan work. Un-be- fucking -lievable: creativity on a galactic scale. Nino Roti's sonic assault of wierd music alone is worth the DVD price. The Rablasian Fellini walks us through Roman antiquity as he imagines it, crossed with highbrow science fiction sequences of an imagined future looking backwards. There can never be anyone as Felliniesque as Fellini. Fellini has this really odd little maneuver, where the actors are frequently lstanding still, ooking into the camera, which creates a very disturbing effect. Throughout the film -- the Minotaur spares Acyltus from a bludgeoning, promting cosmic laughter at the end(the absurd universe?), then the rambling journey winding through the labyrinthine whorehouse at the beginning, with those withering close ups of the freaky pagan denizens therein, then the elaborate fake funeral at Trimalchio's dinner (eating and dying was all Trimalchio was about) -- all give off the combined effect that the film is laughing at you, the viewer . From some distance outside of time the film is laughing at the viewer. Very, very strange effect, that. Also, the world's first urlLink werewolf tale. Carl Sagan's Cosmos : Okay, so in the madcap world of urlLink astrophysics Sagan's hypotheses are probably all outmoded already . Right? So what? So is urlLink Ptolemy's Almagest and yet I still read it in college and gained benefit. The methods by which man came to his conclusions about the universe are worthy of contemplation; and, of course, worthy of more questions in light of our most current data. Cosmos is no exception. This series was the bomb! ( looks around sheepishly, then raises hand , " question : who is the biggest PBS geek in the room"?) Classics are never outmoded. urlLink Chespirito . This show was a mystery to me: Why would a grown Latin man in need of some excercise want to go on tv dressed like a racy little bumble bee number emblazoned with a big "CH" on his paunch. Subtitle it and put it on Trio; I'd watch it just to clarify my childhood mystery. I'd like to crack open a cold cerveza and figure this out. What the fuck was going on here ? Why is everyone else laughing but me? I feel like I'm in a Fellini movie, but it is in Spanish and the sets are decidedly low rent. We'd all like to know what the people on that endless laugh track find so fucking hilarious. Fame the TV Series : Why are there not repeats on VH1 of this show already? When you say low budget and high quality I think .. right here's where you start paying for it ... with pain ... and sweat . The show of young, artistic people struggling for their moment to shine is about as American as it gets and less cruel than Donald Trump's Apprentice, where sharky career advancement is all about crippling the competition. Whatever happened to that sexy cello player who wouldn't give anyone the time of day, urlLink Lori Singer . I was all about the emotional cellist yet frosty behaving Lori Singer back in the day. Yummy. Cries and Whispers by Ingmar Bergman . If Black Stallion is the most beautifully shot film, then this is number two. All natural lighting. Bergman uses a fade to red to seperate scenes, mimicking the inner membrane of our eyelids. About as fucking intense as art can get. And halfway through this film about communication and treachery -- where the incessant ticking of an pocketwatch reminds us of time's passage -- Bergman dissolves a reconcilliation scene between two hard hearted sisters into urlLink Bach's Sarabande no. 5 in D minor . That's so fucking cool it hurts to just write it (*sips Cutty Sark to steady hisself*) The Black Stallion: Those fabulous Copollas! This is perhaps the most beautiful filmed movie ever. From the point of view of a boy. The Black Stallion is really the restrictive society. Very 70s. The image of the horse adrift in the Pacific Ocean, a burning ship sinking in the background, and the boy, by pure instinct, snatching the floating rope as it passed, is straight out of urlLink Jung . The Gore Vidal-Bill Buckley Debate-Fight It was in the heart of the 60s: the polarized political center of the 60s. The left and the right clash violently on national television . In the news division of a respectable network . Fuck! A classic . The country was divided in those days is an understatement. Excellent . Buckley is the Grandfather of the American conservative movement; Vidal the leading leftist rhetorician (lefties don't organize hierarchical movements, it goes against type). For a moment, our two leading intellectuals of our two political polarities went at it in a bareknuckled intellectual fistfight. Not since urlLink Burr shot Hamilton dead has there been so much political drama in The Republic. Was there something in the water in the late 60s, or was everyone just crezzzzy. Woody Allen's Teleplay: Don't Drink the Water . One of the urlLink most interesting experiments on television ever. Woody Allen directs and writes a teleplay starring Michael J Fox and the kid who played Blossom . Shaky handheld camera follows a grown Michael J. Fox as he slowly becomes involved with a bright but much younger woman. How the fuck did this get on American and not Parisian tv? Aren't we supposed to be puritainical? Did Woody Allen have so much juice back in the day that he could put on pedophilic Americana on network tv? Does the story sound familiar? Actually the story is tame, and inventive and very, very arty. Kramer vs. Kramer. The first dramatic and fully articulated statement of the Baby Boomers achieving adulthood. A film of the first water. Young married couple breaks apart. They become two seperate people post sexual revolution. Wife leaves shallow workaholic husband and baby. Goes out West. Comes back revitalized. In the meantime, shallow husband defined by his work, like an Eisenhower-era man, like--probably--his father changes, grows . Welcome to 1978, motherfucker. Husband fights custody. Bach and Vivaldi weave in and out of this drama that takes place, it seems, embroidered into the most poignant colors of Autumn in Central Park, from skeletal oranges to deep cloody oches and emerald greens. Those colors and Bach and Vivaldi accurately reflect the heightened emotion of the drama -- the decisive break from the previous Eisenhower-era, the divorce and emancipation of the Boomers in film. And the courtroom scene where Meryl Streep slowly dissolves into tears offset bya forced composure (better than Jane Fonda in Klute) as Hoffman's lawyer vivisects her irresponibility -- her feminism, her 1978ness -- are among the best goddamned acting you ever will see. Kramer versus Kramer is as good as film gets.

 Favorite Curmudgeons (swirls Cutty Sark on the rocks in glass, listens attentively to melancholy urlLink Elgar piece on the radio, looks out the window gravely) Has there ever been an African-American curmudgeon ? I mean, it's not as if taste is a matter exclusive to white men, or even metrosexuals purely, although historically that helps. Well, if there are not, put me down as the world's first African American curmudgeon because I am definitely interested in that gig. I have a lot of opinions on all things under the sun. And in that good old list-y curmudgeonly fashion of categorizing the good from the useless, allow me to proffer up my list of the best *sips Cutty Sark* of them: urlLink Paul Fussell is one of the funniest curmudgeons. He invented the term Class X, which refers to a urlLink class outside the scope of Upper, Middle, or Lower by virtue of wit, irony, learning and the fact that they pick jobs where they work for themselves. Fussell exemplifies Class X. He has said: "I learned [to turn experience toward intellect and away from emotion through] my long immersion in Eighteenth-Century literature, where the urge is constantly outward from oneself; that is, not trying to undertake deep voyages into the self, but rather, to escape the self, look out at society, see what's going on, and then comment on it. Irony is a great help there, to protect oneself from the self-regarding emotion, which has always been an enemy of mine from the start." urlLink Camille Paglia is regarded as a right-wing nut, but, in fact, she voted for Ralph Nader in 2000, and she is very smart. I think her shotgun delivery and occasional ranting makes her look somewhat less than what she is -- one of urlLink Harold Bloom's finest disciples . An aggressive, Nietzean aesthete. I dig her. Kurt Anderson , the Elder Brother of the NY Media Corridor is a curmudgeon, to be sure. I interviewed with Kurt for a job at the late, great Inside.com -- didn't get it . Alas; no hard feelings. At the time I had been research editor at the the now defunct Silicon Alley Reporter , and immediately following that, had just been installed as Editor-in-Chief of a tiny consumer quarterly called, urlLink MacDirectory . Kurt started off the interview by asking, with only the faintest trace of irony, " so ... what's MacDirectory ?" A smile played on his lips. Oh snap ! I got dissed by the Elder Brother of the New York Media right out of the gate! Then again: How cool is that? Before that, I had met Kurt briefly as the factckecker on urlLink New York Magazine's cyber 60 issue , back in '95 of thereabouts. There I saw Kurt, the editor, at, like, 11 pm on a Thursday night as I was trying to validate all this massive data for that issue which had to be done by the end of the evening; I was pretty frazzled as, by then, I was in my mid 20s and way into the whole party all night work all day thing (I was writing music and club reviews for Sonicnet.com in the evenings, which entailed drinking tremendous amounts of booze, and partying at clubs all night long with strange and sundry women "music web journalists," while factchecking at New York in the daylight hours). Kurt made me work like a Bonnie Fuller minion on that one. Ah, well, whatever does not kill one ... Nietzsche , and all that . Anyhoo : Kurt has always about him the air of high seriousness , which makes it appear as if what he's doing at the moment is the most important thing in the world . No doubt Steven Brill , who eventually purchased Inside, was caught on to that . Kurts study of sociology at Harvard plays a great part in his social smartness. Kurt is the urlLink Platonic eidos of media insider,with a cultivated aesthetic eye and, of course, everyone wants to work with him for precisely those reasons. Another curmudgeon is Gore Vidal , whose book Burr I read earlier this year when I first posted this blog without additions. American History geek that I am, I could not put that shizit down and am now reading urlLink Lincoln . urlLink Burr is a beautiful look at the American Revolution with all the cynicism you can handle -- Vidal's thesis is that it was started by ambitious lawyers who saw an opportunity for social advancement. Actually, if you read Vidal's books everything -- everything -- is driven by the ambition of man. That's too cynical for me by a half, but it makes for interesting reading, the intersection of egos, as with Burr and Hamilton. The Corsair had a brief phone encounter with this honorable man of letters. In 1995, while an intern at The Nation , Christopher Hitchens asked me to fax a story on Marty Peretz of the New Republic to Gore Vidal . Both hated Peretz, who is an ass. Gore Vidal's fax was busy do I called him up to tell him it was coming through. In the background I heard voices and music, apparently Gore Vidal was having a party at his palazzo. " Pronto !" he yelled into the phone, sounding a little sloshed. I told him what was coming, he politely turned on the fax, and that was it. My brush with Vidal. At that moment my desire to be a writer in the manner of Vidal was strengthened one Being and Politics. It is unfortunate that Vidal has, of late, taken to employing such inflamatory rhetoric during this tense period in American history (note: his assertion that George Bush knew of the 9-11 attacks before hand ... say what?). The problem with Gore Vidal is that he was born rich and has lived his life where every utterance is taken as God's word, among idolizing students, attentive servants, Presidents ( Kennedy , Hillary ?), and socialites ( Jackie O , Eleanor Roosevelt , even Joanne Woodward ). That type of power, being the center of attention, being able to issue proclamations combined with being an autodidact means that he rarely reflects -- which he all but admits often. And without reflection, his arguments suffer. He is for all intensive purposes the eccentric Southern Patriarch straight out of William Faulkner . We should take him at his word on Art, but with a grain of salt on politics. My third favorite curmudgeon is Christopher Hitchens . I worked as Hitchens' intern at The Nation in 1995, and, over the years, he has helped me immensely. Frankly, it pisses me off when former interns or collegues attack him for his perfectly principled -- though I disagree with him -- stance on eradicating dictators through pre-emptive action. The human rights side of the get-rid-of-dictators argument is perfectly liberal. Hitchens can drink . I remember one event -- a tradition -- in which his intern is taken out to lunch. In a restaurant off of Grammercy Park, talking of classical literature and US defense spending, we drank prodigiously . Yes, The Corsair got his drink on with Hitchens and his old college buddy. We also briefly discussed the country of my descent, Uganda, which was a British colony, and it's President, a family friend, Museveni , who, although not a "small d democrat," we all agreed was good for the emerging nation. The drink bill was greater than the food bill. Afterwards, in the summer afternoon, I tried, weaving through traffic, to make my way home ("no intern has ever made it back to the office after a Hitch lunch, don't even try," said the Intern coordinator). It was harrowing . Several times The Corsair nearly lost his boozy life but I made it home and fondly remember my time working with Hitchens, a truly generous man. I remember my girlfriend wondering what the hell happened to me to be so drunk in the afternoon: did I get fired? Next up is Taki Theodoropoulos whom I met at Elaine's when I was in my mid 20s. I won a contest for Top Drawer section of the NY Press, back when the NY Press was relevant. The contest was for Man of the Year and I nominated urlLink UN arms inspector Scott Ritter , who, alas, turned out to be an urlLink internet child predator . God, how fucking embarrasing ! At Elaine's Taki introduced me to Elaine Kaufman , the owner of that media joint, Chris Buckley , who's dad almost went to my alma mater, he told me, and the arrogant Michael Mailer , of whom nothing ought to be said. Taki comes off very strongly in his columns as Eurosnobby and to the right of Pinochet, but, in real life, he is quite a character, very warm and fun loving. And, like The Corsair, he loves the ladies. And like Hitchens, he loves a drink. Taki was terribly funny that day, making some very risque jokes about Bill Clinton , who, at the time, was going through Monica-gate. Taki is also deeply literate, with a working knowledge of Pindar as well as Aeschylus , and all manner of Ancient Greek literature, Word War II arcana, history, and choice tidbits of media gossip from the DC sector to Manhattan to the Euroroyals and international jet set over the last half century. And Taki is generous to a fault, having paid for the whole goddam party out of his own very deep Greek shipping-magnate pockets. I'm talking many many thousands kept the party boozed up and in good food and Elaine in the cut. Poor little Greek boy , indeed. Next up is Dick Cavett , who I am sure you will be glad to know I have never met, but I wish I had. Cavett was liberal cool before liberal cool was even that -- and even now that it isn't . He is a Master Coversationalist, able to discuss urlLink the bicameral mind theory as well as mediate the literary feud of Gore Vidal and Norman Mailer where urlLink Mailer headbutted Vidal . Pure 70s conversation: keep on truckin, Dick. There is agreat line that Cavett is said to have made at a very pretty young African American woman who was waiting to attand a taping of his show. Cavett asked her her name. "Toi," said she; "is that your name ," he deadpanned, cocking his eyebrow, "or your function ?" urlLink Fran Liebowitz is another formidable curmudgeon. Although she once remarked in Metropolitain Life that black men have a propensity to Strawberry Wine (who loves ya, Fran, who-loves- you ?), she was very very funny in her day. urlLink John Simon of New York Magazine is a curmudgeon who would have to be invented if he didn't indeed already exist. Once while at The Nation under an unbreakable deadline where I had to verify the spelling and history of an obscure filmmaker I was in dire straights. Who ya gonna call: John Simon ! After flattering him on an article he wrote in some Scandanavian Literary Review that I had actually read (he replied, graciously, "thank you ... thank you ... you are probably the only one who has read it."), he helped me out -- gratis . Most writers respond to such a request by saying, "well, what do I get out of it." *coughs* Fox News' Roger Friedman*coughs*" But not Simon , who rules Broadway with a nimble yet caustic pen that sports acid for ink. And when he is not loving to hate something on Broadway in the pages of newly bought New York Magazine, he is writing -- prolifically -- on art, culture, literature, opera, books ... anything . And he does it well. Excedingly well. God bless John Simon, our forgotten gem. Then there is urlLink Sandra Bernhard . She is strangely sexy and sad and acidic in her wit all at the same time. I saw her sachaying once across the way on Ludlow Street several years ago before Max Fish's lost its social cachet. There was something so touching ... so existential ... about her. She was beautiful , wearing a sleek number on her body which was not unlike Olive Oyl, sardonic smirk evident, aristocratic street-toughness oozing out of every pore. God, she looked so fucking hot I was in awe. Hollywood has not been kind to her, despite her gutsy performance in the King of New York, and neither has Madonna , but they have, it appears, made up for all intensive purposes. Why can't she get the jump off?

 Lola Ogunnaike on Dave Chappelle The resident urlLink "hot, hip young thing" of the urlLink New York Times , Lola Ogunnaike interviews Dave Chappele , who has taken over Richard Pryor's mantle as America's urlLink heavyweight champion social commentator-comedian . Zaniness ensues: "'Third World Girls Gone Wild,' another (Chappelle Show) sketch, spoofs the 'Girls Gone Wild' video series. Instead of young nubile blondes flashing their breasts for Mardi Gras beads, Mr. Chappelle's version features smiling native women dancing topless in remote African villages." Oh dear. "He has skewered the R&B singer R. Kelly and the original superfreak Rick James , and he has imagined a 'Racial Draft' in which different ethnic groups swap prominent culturally ambiguous celebrities. The white delegation wins Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice , Jews score Lenny Kravitz , and African Americans walk away with Tiger Woods, a self-proclaimed 'cablinasian.' 'So long, fried rice; hello, fried chicken,' Mr. Chappelle, with Woods-like golf apparel and large dentures, declares." There's more: "'Dave Chappelle isn't content just to play the race card,' Elvis Mitchell wrote in a column in The New York Times. 'He shuffles the entire deck. "Before stretching his gangly frame out on a couch in his trailer, Mr. Chappelle said, 'I've always liked an element of danger in comedy.' He lighted what would be the first of many urlLink Winstons . His voice barely rose above a whisper. 'I like the idea of people watching and asking, Can he say that ?' " (voice barely rising above a whisper) Is Lola Ogunnaike seeing anyone seriously?

 Has Annie Leibovitz Jumped the Shark? Has Annie Leibovitz jumped the shark? Granted, I do not quite see what all the fuss is about the whole photography-as-an-art-form argument and why we are familiar with Liebovitz's name, but not, oh, say, urlLink Tiepolo or urlLink Raphael. But no, we get Annie who does urlLink the Soprano's photo shoots instead. Nice. Anyhoo : According to a poll by urlLink FashionWeekDaily : "Many VF fans find deep, pithy cultural meaning in La Leibovitzs shrine-to-Hollywood tableaus. 'Art' was mentioned on occasion. The bad news: everyone else (i.e. the nation) is Annied out. 'I think if VF wants to attract old people, they should keep Leibovitz,' says one reader. Majority rules, and they are tired of seeing Gwyneth Paltrow and her ten best frenemies lounging like feasting Romans 4 times a year." And the numbers of the poll are harrowing . 17 Percent were in support Of Annie's "tableaus," while a whopping 83 Percent were in favor of change. There is no word as to whether or not the results of the poll were affected by the fact that Annie dumped Susan Sontag urlLink for the nanny . I guess they are "frenemies" now.

 In Defense of Gawker and Wonkette I'm sure you are all aware of urlLink John Lee's Blogging While Anti Black piece in which he says, among other things, that urlLink Gawker's Choire Sicha and urlLink Wonkette's Anna Marie Cox have a race problem. He writes: "We don't expect media-centric blogs about people of power to read like an issue of Final Call , but we don't expect them to sound like National Vanguard either. Nick Denton and his employees have decided that a person's ideas, actions and deeds don't define them, the color of their skin does. Thanks for letting us know where we belong." Leaving aside the overheated comparison of the ultra-racist National Vanguard to Wonkette and Gawker, I'd like to bring up a couple of stories that, I think, show a snarky disdain for the sometimes overly alabaster tone of the manhattan media business. One, dated urlLink Feb 5, 2004 : "We just didn't want to mention it (because we're SO nice). But it is really horrifying that, directly underneath the aforementioned pictures of black people at the University of the urlLink West Indies benefit on New York Social Diary , there's an ad for 'Hamptons Domestics' employment agency. The ad has little black Victorian silhouettes and a pineapple as its logo. Yikes. Context aside, Hamptons Domestics makes us vaguely ill anyway. (Though, East Village Domestics, hmm... maybe we could get a bunch of unemployed scenesters to use their parents' money to do our laundry.)" Yikes, indeed. I remember clearly reading this that day a week or so ago, and being blown away at the boldness of the comment. The parties that NY Social Diary chronicles are indeed, very white and very brimming with New York power. David Patrick Columbia , who runs the site, is a good man, who is accurately rendering a world that exists, effectively, behind the scenes. I remember thinking that it was very balsy of Choire to comment so snarkily on that reality. Similarly, Anna Marie Cox , Wonkette, gave me a link, excerpting a part of my Chattering Class Yearbook of the media. The link was pretty damned snarky and all about Martin Peretz and the alabaster quality of The New Republic. urlLink It read : "The Chattering Class Virtual Yearbook: "Martin Peretz, Civics Chair ... Does not call on African American Students ... Secretly compares every student to his star pupil, Al Gore '00" Not the type of thing one would expect a racist National Alliance member to be plugging. As a black man and a blogger I regard Gawker and Wonkette as something quite different than that which Mr. Lee portrayed in his piece.

 The Highly Persihable Nature of Fashion in a Democracy urlLink Acid Wash Jeans . (*buries head in hands*) urlLink Uggs . urlLink Mullets . urlLink Legwarmers . urlLink Shoulder pads . What do all of these personal adornments have in common? Well , at one time or another they were considered hotter than urlLink Heather Graham's career -- lo ultimo . And to some people these are still the standard of chic, several years after the fact -- that which one cannot do without . Such are the mysteries of the fashion pyramid, and Heather help us if we are on the bottom end. Anyhoo : There is a democratic urge to dress up precisely like, say, urlLink Jennifer Beals , or whomever (puts on Church Lady voice) when they are constructed as the media "hot property" du jour (shakes fist at computer screen). urlLink Alexis de Tocqueville would marvel at what bleating sheep we have become. Remember the character in urlLink Can't Buy Me Love -- incidentally, also named Ron , but I am of no relation to Patrick Dempsey -- who had all the jocks dancing an urlLink African Anteater Dance ? Fuck ... you know you do. So why , O self righteous blogger , are you getting all preachy and right urlLink winger on our innocent asses? We are just reading this blog for shit and giggles, not a urlLink Jonathan Edwards speech . Why you gotta be that way today? Well , I was watching I Love the 80s (hides head in unbearable shame) for the 87th time ( And for that , I know , I have forever lost 1/5000th of the high regard with which you once held my snarky self, and for which I accept your condemnation ), and the catalogue of fashion faux pas contained therein had my urlLink head spinning . I mean, I had a urlLink name belt ("Ron-Ski" in finger turned green "silver" -- at $2 a letter, thank you very much), I wore urlLink Addidas with the fat black laces , I had a urlLink friendship bracelet. I, too, have been in the urlLink upper bounds of the bell-shaped fashion curve , and, as time snaked on, I've gotten off that fast-moving merry go round, briskly, with nary backwards glance . Until the next bad fashion came my way. But there it was, stopping me in my tracks, forcing me to reflect -- urlLink on VH1 -- an entire catalogue of Americana horror. A decade of bad fashion decisions staring me right in the face. (collapses into tears). God help me, my little pomegranates, I couldn't muster the necessary irony to laugh at myself ! And so, my dear reader, I am looking at the urlLink man in the mirror -- that rat-tailed, Alexander-the-Grape munching, urlLink Riunite on ice sipping, Bugle boy wearing breakdancer -- and asking him to change his ways . So how happy was I today -- urlLink mirabile dictu -- when urlLink Lookonline's Marilyn Kirschner puts us in my place in our "wrap up" of Fashion Week: "I thought it was highly interesting that in place of Cathy Horyn's traditional apres - Fashion Week roundup in the urlLink Tuesday 'Fashion' section of The New York Times , she instead focused on the retail arena. Of course, retailers do seem to be the news these days, what with the recent overly hyped opening of the 'behemoth Louis Vuitton flagship' on 5th Avenue. "The article, ( urlLink A Store Made for Right Now: You Shop Until It's Dropped ) which perhaps even more interestingly, was given star status by being placed on page 1 of the first section (rather than being buried in the 'Style' pages). In it, Ms. Horyn talks about the new Comme des Garcons Guerilla Store that opened on Saturday in Berlin, which she observes, 'flouts conventional wisdom in almost every way.' Why, well, because it will be closing within a year, regardless of whether it makes money or not. "Horyn spoke about the 'highly perishable nature of fashion,' the idea that 'Fashion changes radically every season, so why shouldn't the boutiques that sell the clothes?' And as she noted- on the heels of the New York Collections - 'Last week, 130 designers presented their fall 2004 collections, with more to follow over the next month in Milan and Paris. Yet by the time their clothes are manufactured, a factory in Malaysia or China will have produced cheaper versions. Stores like H&M and Zara will have them on their racks - and the consumer will be on to the next thing.' "So true; which is why I firmly believe in finding clothes that combine style and substance, clothes that are relevant and appropriate for one's lifestyle, age, occupation, and personality. And more importantly, clothes whose designs will stand the test of time and transcend 'ins' and 'outs' and trends." So true: God bless you Marilyn Kirschner . I will never wear a urlLink Members Only Jacket ever again -- even if urlLink Ricky Shroeder , AKA Rikki Stratton , says it's urlLink copacetic .

 Goodbye Libby Callaway As urlLink Sex and the City winds down like those melancholy breezes that frequent urlLink Charlie Brown tv specials , those stylish and independent New York women that break our hearts (and we still love them for it) will have another loss to overcome as urlLink New York Post's uber-cute fashion editor, rural Appalachia-born Libby Calloway is headed back to the Bush red states. Here's the sad scoop according to urlLink WWD's Greg Lindsay : "Fashion Week is finally over, and for Libby Callaway , even more so. The New York Posts fashion editor is leaving the tents and heading home to Tennessee by this time next month, shell be editing the Life section at The urlLink Nashville Tennessean . While the papers fashion coverage will fall under her purview, dont expect to see her at Bryant Park next season. 'I had an epiphany last fall,' she said. 'It was: Oh, I dont have to be here anymore. I see myself living another life, with a backyard and a Volvo station wagon in the driveway.' The Post has not yet chosen her replacement." But Callaway is replacing her Manolo's for urlLink caterpillar's . Callaway, incidentally once had an incident with her Manolo Blahnik shoes, according to an interview with urlLink Mediabistro : "The cast I wore after breaking my wrist in a Manolo Blahnik related incident on some wet subway stairs. (It happened on my birthday last April, as I was on my way to dinner with friends can it get better than that?) I refused to let anyone sign it, until I got an offer from fashion cartoonist Marisa Acocella , whom I've recently become friends with (what a peach!). So, one night at the bar at Raoul's , she drew the face of a woman with her eyebrow raised and the following: 'I've heard of killer shoes, but this is ridiculous!' I made my doctor be very careful with his saw so I could keep the cartoon intact. Hopefully it will make me a very rich woman on eBay someday. (Just kidding, Marisa!)" Well, breaking one's wrist on Manolo's is not as bad as, say, breaking teeth in Balenciaga boots, like that sexy distant relative of urlLink Madame de Sevigny , urlLink Chloe Sevigne . All fashion is pain; Libby is getting while the gettings still good. Ah, Libby, sweetheart, we never got to deliver our sexiest "your dad must be a terrorist because you are tha bomb !" Cutty Sark -infused lines on you. The Corsair wishes Libby the best of luck and a great career in newspapers.

 Look Homeward, Angel Although WB mainstay Angel celebrated 100 episodes just last week , urlLink the show has been cancelled . Things move faster in tv than a demon out of Hellmouth. According to Medialifemagazine.com : "There has been talk of special movie events next year, but nothing has been confirmed. Angels ratings are up more than 20 percent this year among adults 18-49, one of just two WB dramas to rise, but they are still relatively low. The WB evidently didnt see many long-term prospects for the show, which was barely renewed last season." Too bad. It was a surprise. Even the urlLink Watch with Kristin online gossip column wasn't aware. In a Friday column, she interviewed the show's vamp David Boreanaz : Kristin : One hundred episodes. Must feel good. Boreanaz : Yes. I never imagined the show getting to 100 episodes. I only imagined getting the work done that was in front of me. When we started this journey four and a half seasons ago, David Greenwalt and Joss Whedon were like, 'One down, 99 to go,' and I was like, 'Whoa, whoa, whoa--I need to focus on this scene we're shooting on the rooftop.' And here we are. " And there he went . Oh, the shadenfreude is thick. And so, on that elegiacal note, we leave you with a smattering of urlLink Thomas Wolfe -- the wolfman, if you will, that long forgotten American author of upper-middlebrow sapiness: "As they walked townward, he tried to talk, explaining himself in babbling incoherent spurts. 'It was like this,' he began, 'if I had known, but at that time I didntof course I know it was my own fault for 'Oh, for Gods sake!' said Ben impatiently. 'Dry up! I dont want to hear about it. Im not your damned Guardian Angel.' "The news was comforting. So many people, after our fall from grace, are." Indeed.

 NY Times' Emily Nussbaum Likes 70s TV ... and so do I Clearly , urlLink Emily Nussbaum of The New York Times likes 70s tv, revels in it, and, quite frankly, so do I, so it's all good . But, as they said in the 70s, don't go breakin' my heart, Emily Nussbaum , stay for a while, see this 70s thing through. The reasons for that 70s love, though, are not so much for artistic excellence, on my part at least, although in the cases of urlLink Land of the Lost , urlLink I, Claudius , urlLink Roots and urlLink Schoolhouse Rock , excellence is in abundance, but the real reason is more generally because people of my generation -- kindergarteners in the 70s -- viewed that culture at large with the wide eyes of wonder at 70s reality, or, what was going on . This is not my thought but the thought of an interesting letter in the Arts and Leisure section of tommorrow's NY Times from a man whose name escapes me (I threw out my A & L subscription copy with the old coffee filter this morning, alas ). So, as Emily Nussbaum sexes us up with a wonderful exposition on Starsky and Hutch , and how they shepharded in the gritty tv drama era of the 70s, when ethnic cops, divorced cops, slutty cops, and cops living in slums themselves took on the underbelly of our decaying urban centers. And hardboiled drama (the 70s were synonymous with urban decline, grafitii, "white slavery," Fort Apache the Bronx -- so the rise of the cop, as cultural hero, was all but telegraphed) were all the rage, here are some other (making ironical quotation marks in the air) "Big 70s Subjects" I'd like to see Ms. Emily -- my new journo sex symbol, by the way (sorry, Lola Ogunnaike ) -- tackle, like 70s cereal box "face" and former footbal star, Lynn Swann : 1) urlLink Schoolhouse Rock's The Figure Eight , Infinity and the Nietzche's concept of urlLink The Eternal Return Question. Come on, Emily, I've been puzzling over urlLink this concept for the better part of twenty years. I mean: What does that song mean , Emily Nussbaum . Could you break down for us the mathematics of infinity in Arts and Leisure? "If you could make a figure eight That's a urlLink circle that turns 'round upon itself Place it on it's side and it's a symbol meaning ... infinity " What-the-fuck ? Is that some veiled reference to the urlLink Bill Murray character in Groundhog Day? Help me out here, Em; break me off some meaning. 2) Of The Dramedy and It's Discontents . Why oh why, dear reader, did this particularly significant cultural artifact achieve it's urlLink provenance and peak in the 70s? Was its rise related in some phantom-sinister manner to the urban decay of the age? Were the execs affraid of too much drama and therefore threw in some giggles? And, as an offshoot to the dramedy, is the troubled youth , who often was the dram in dramedy . That was a big issue in the 70s, these troubled youths who "mouthed off" to parental authority figures. In the 60s, the kids really only wanted peace, love and understanding (okay, the Beats also wanted hot sex and South American Drugs and poetry, but they still snuck out to do it). But in the 70s a whole new breed of ruffians, like urlLink Ralph Macchio on quintessential 70s dramedy urlLink Eight is Enough , and the urlLink troubled Kristy McNichol on the oft-forgotten, but once highly popular, urlLink Family . These kids were testing the limits of 70s freedon -- they mouthed off to their parents to their faces ! Nowadays this noble banner is being held up by urlLink that angry kid on urlLink WB's Everwood who keeps yelling at Treat Williams for moving his family only so that the ungrateful ass can get a good life. And bloggers. We mouth off to authority figures too with mischief Fuck. *averts gaze* 3) Bad Science Fiction . Of course, in order to co-sign on this topic with me, you would have to agree -- at least in principle -- that there is, in fact, such a thing as good science fiction. What was it about the 70s that caused such bad science fiction? Bad fiction is bad enough, but why drag "science" into it -- and is it really science if you mention things like other "galaxies" and "alien races." Was the rise of bad sci fi related to the demise of the folksy humanitarian impulse that spurred that 70s sense of that whole 'hey baby, what's your sign?' (again with the planetary references), Keep on Truckin' and UNICEF commercial era? Had we grown tired of the planet in the wake of the OPEC scandal and yearn for off-world travel? Had Carter fucked the whole shit up that bad ? Or am I being too idealistic in my tele-metaphysical speculation: Was it merely tv execs trying to get up into that Star Wars bitch? Whatever the case , we were inundated with some interesting at the time (but, in retrospect bad ) sci-fi, among which, stinking up the DVD storage area at Amazon's warehouses are urlLink Space 1999 and Battlestar Galactica . 4) Commercials with a Social Message. Hey, w hat's up with that, Emily ? Emily Nussbaum , explain why so many commercials in the Age of Aquarius had such a strong social message and sense of universal brotherhood (like Lowenbrau's "Here's to Good Friends") and, frankly, just love sweet love ( Love, American Style )? Two examples of this species come to mind almost immediately: one, the Coke urlLink "I'd Like To Teach the World to Sing in perfect Harmony ," urlLink and the "Keep America Beautiful" ad campaign where urlLink Native American Iron Eyes Cody cried at the lack of environmental awareness of the 70s. So, Emily, you've now got a full plate on explaing 70s tv and the big questions. Keep on truckin'

 Will Amanpour Get Her Iranian Visa? urlLink As Haiti spirals into , quite possibly, a massacre in our Western Hemisphere, as Carribean -born Secretary of State issues strongly worded memorandum, native Iranian uberjournalist Christianne Amanpour is being urlLink denied a visa to cover Iran. While While action or inaction in Haiti will probably be the legacy of the Colin Powell Doctrine , just as Kosovo and Rwanda were for Clinton, Amanpour is effectively frozen out of any action. urlLink Aidainternational writes: "'Refusing a visa to a foreign journalist is nothing unusual for Iran, but this incident is obviously part of the present tension in US-Iran relations,' said Reporters Without Borders secretary-general Robert Mnard. "Calling on Iran to grant the visa, he noted that the head of the official news agency IRNA was summoned by legal officials on 30 September after he had put out a report of a public opinion poll showing 74.7 % Iranians wanted talks with the US to resume. The 22 September report appeared the day after the Guide of the Islamic Revolution, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , had made an especially harsh attack on the United States. "Iranian officials gave no reason for refusing Amanpour's visa application. During her last visit to the country, she did a report on Iranian young people which seems to have displeased the regime, which is in the habit of blocking the return of journalists who have done reports considered critical. CNN is seen by Iranians via satellite." The Corsair would like to give a few reasons Amanpour's Visa was denied: -Amanpour is one of Iran's most successful native citizens. Ali Khamenei's tyranny is anti-success. -Amanpour, in almost twenty years of reporting, has not been kiled in reporting. This is displeasing to the tyranny. -The tyrant in Iran found her Somalia reporting for CNN too "one sided" in it's account of the warlords against the US. -It is common knowledge that urlLink if you see Amanpour doing a report on a country on CNN International or 60 Minutes , chances are you are not urlLink one of the G-8 Summit of nations . -They felt she gave Milosevic a raw deal. -The urlLink "Supreme Guide" Ali Khameni fears that Amanpour will question his nonexistent qualifications in the travel industry. -Amanpour serves as a strong role model to Iranian women, which scares the geeky and illiterate tyranny.

 The Passion of The Bill Murray Okay people, the horizon is now in view, and everything, even the swift moving urlLink Gainsborough clouds, are irradiated by a haunting reddish-bronze sunset. The quest is almost over, fellow pilgrims. Our ship has broken it's last wine-dark swell before the docking, and we are nearly hugging the shore . The Oscars are upon us , people. And now, more than ever, we must motivate to make sure that urlLink Bill Murray wins Best Actor . Good to see that he made the cover of the urlLink New yotk Times Magazine this week . So, what about Bill ? What about his oft-spoken of "nuanced irony"? Will it be enought to overcome Sean Penn's over the top urlLink superemotional performance ? Will urlLink emo beat nuance? Will someone just give the Oscar to Bill Murray already? Just give-it-to-him: hand that baby over to Billy. Now -- shnell , not yesterday. His performance in Sophia Copolla's Lost In Translation was one of subtraction, not addition -- continuous over the top gambits, or screaming , or even crying like a pussy every frame of the film. Imagine a Best Oscar going to an underplayed performance, a bittersweetly comic performance, the gentle man going through the inevitable motions of decline. Bill here is playing a style of self, a mode of being. And Bill Murray -- for lack of Oscar nominations -- is an actor in decline yet at his peak, adding irony on to sublety. How better to reward irony than with irony? Give the subtly-nuanced rendering of decline a thumbs up, Hollywood. Give Bill Murray an Oscar for portraying "Bill Murray." Denzel Washington's dirty cop in Training Day was the most powerful and full-on, cut all the stops, performance in recent years. Septemeber 11th, to a degree, fueled our need for that kind of catharsis: a big evil wolfish lead villain devoured by his own excess. Denzel's evil cop was a big fat Osama Bin Laden effigy. In contradistinction to that performance (pats himself on the back for finding a use for "contradistinction"), wouldn't it be wonderful to have Bill Murray's muted Hollywood actor jetlagged in a foreign land win it this time around? Why? Because we, like Bill, are older; we've been languishing in the stream of time just a little bit longer than we were when we saw the world in terms of black and white. Now we want to examine the varieties of gray. Murray has been snubbed by Oscar before ( The Corsair shakes his head balefully at man's base nature). The fact that Murray has never been nominated is a crime. Murray was straightforward and emotionally rich in Rushmore . He created a multi-layered, if conflicted and earnest personality in The Razor's Edge . And Murray was overlooked as the subtle (there's that word again) but funny cuckolded psychiatrist in The Mighty Tennenbaum's . Murray is all about rendering different shades of beige. Some people believe acting is screaming and crying, Murray is not of that school. Besides, doing that kind of shit urlLink will drive you mad . My favorite Bill Murray flic is Meatballs , which is also the first film I ever saw, so take my suggestion with a grain of salt ("spazz ... spazz ... urlLink spazz "). There will never be a time quite like the 70s, in Canada, no less: Canada is a nation obsessed with folksy humanitarianism, think Pierre Trudeau and their relationship to the Native Americans. And the 70s were a decade of Aquarian folksy humanitarianism. Now top that off with a summer camp, Camp Mohawk, of Meatballs. There was an innocence (notwithstanding Murray's very un-PC manhandling of fellow counselor urlLink Roxanne , played a bit on the butch side, by the unforgettable urlLink Kate Lynch ). And for the kids who don't get the ad-libbed sex jokes(I was, like 5yrs old at the time, and devoid of irony or snark or smarm, all of which flooded forth, with torrential velocity , in high school years), there is the cockles-warming relationship between Murray and the affable Chris Makepeace's character, Rudy the Rabbit . That relationship would never happen today as a result of the cynicism arising from the Catholic Church and internet sex fiends and Jacko. If Bill Murray showed that much interest in a camper nowadays, he'd be washing the laundry of Chuck Zito and Addabezi . Anyhoo : To me, Bill Murray is the coolest man on the planet earth, Oscar or not. But boy will I be happy if Bill Murray wins this year. The Cutty Sark will flow in triumph. (And, of course, if he loses The Cutty Sark will flow in defeat, only this time mixed with Corsair tears). So, the reddish-bronze sunset gives way to a purple twilight, the winds spiral once again out to sea, and Bill Murray is very much our Oscar hopes with fingers tighly crossed, our breath held and precious Cutty Sark spilling in the process.

 NY Times On Mel Gibson and Bach Twice today in the urlLink Arts and Ideas section (the highbrow section), the New York Times cooly took Mel Gibson to task, horsewhipping him publicly (excuse the allusion) comparing his film, "The Passion of the Christ" unfavorably to Bach's St. Matthew's Passion . Like, duh, guys: how many people could come off looking good compared to one of the seminal works of Western Civilization? Anyhoo : Edward Rothstein writes in his Connections column: "... Perhaps the Gibson/Bach comparison is most revealing for its contrasts. Mr. Gibson's film, 'The Passion of the Christ,' which early attendance figures suggest may become a worldwide success, reinvents the Passion in a late medieval mode, exhibiting a lusty fascination with flagellation, a fetishist's attentiveness to whips and welts, a panting anger at grotesquely caricatured villains. 'By his wounds, we are healed,' reads the prophet's epigraph for Mr. Gibson's film, and bleeding wounds are primarily what are seen throughout. "After seeing Mr. Gibson's 'Passion,' in fact, and suffering through two hours of scourged flesh and pent-up fury, I listened to Bach's 'St. Matthew Passion' with amazement, awe and relief. Next Friday night one of the best contemporary interpreters of Bach's 'St. Matthew Passion,' urlLink Philippe Herreweghe , will lead a performance at Alice Tully Hall; it should probably be prescribed as a remedy for every viewer of the film." Ouch , that is, though, a wonderfully bitchy remark, macking Gibson look like the violence-obsessed ass that he is (in striking contrast to the philosophy of Christ). And just below Rothstein, urlLink Mary Gordon , recent author of a scholarly tome Joan of Arc , places the final nail, as it were, into Gibson, nailing him, once again, on the lack of, uhm, intelligence in his film: "A great deal of screen time is taken up with the flagellation of Jesus. What does this accomplish in an understanding of the meaning of Jesus/ life and death? How is Jesus different from any other person of torture? How is 'The Passion of the Christ' different, then, from 'The Silence of the Lambs'? Jesus as a person with mind and spirit is not very present in this film. This may be partly because Jim Cavizel , who plays Jesus, is not an actor of great psychological sublety. In the scenes when he is ministering rather than being bloodied, he is merely bland." Gordon too references St. Matthews passion, which brings us too the question, who drank more from the great fountain of urlLink Jesus Juice ? Bach or Gibson? Qui es mas macho? On Inspiration : "The Holy Ghost was working through me on this film, and I was just direction traffic. " urlLink Gibson "Bach wrote the St. Matthew Passion while in Leipzig. (The Passion is the story of the crucifixion.) He borrowed words and sometimes melodies from others to write this work. The text of this Passion is taken from St. Matthew's Gospel, chapter 26-27. Bach never wrote an opera but this work like other passions of his are very close to opera with the whole story told in song. All lines were sung. Bach remain in Leipzig twenty-seven years until his death." urlLink Lessonspage biography Winner: The Gibsonator On Box Office : "Bach died in 1750 and was essentially forgotten. No monument or tombstone was put at his grave." urlLink Lessonspage biography "In a marketplace filled with mostly uninteresting titles, The Passion of the Christ comes at an opportune time taking over the media spotlight and creating almost a one-picture field. The decision to open the Jim Caviezal-starrer on Ash Wednesday was brilliant since Christian moviegoers will be in the mood for this kind of film at this time, plus it allows the pic to be topical all the way through Easter Sunday in early April leading to a solid theatrical run. Until a month ago, most of the interest remained with devout Christians, but the rising tide of controversy and media coverage has snowballed and Passion now stands as a can't-miss pop culture event film that will be seen even by those who are not very religious. "As a subtitled film in the dead languages of Aramaic and Latin, Passion was a tough-sell since conception. With little starpower on-screen and a production that led to the most graphically violent telling of the story of Jesus' death yet, there was every reason to believe that the R-rated picture would only appeal to a certain segment of the population, and not to mainstream audiences. But behind-the-camera starpower from Gibson allowed for ten times as much press coverage as other directors would have gotten. Now, the Biblical tale has become a giant force in the multiplexes with a launch on Wednesday in a massive 3,006 theaters with a total of 4643 prints." Gitesh Pandya , urlLink Boxofficeguru.com Winner: Pow! Zam! Gibsonroonie! The Critics ? "The real test of greatness, both in content and in performance is the effect of repeated hearing--especially repeated hearing without focused concentration. After a while, both the art and the artistry of a recording like this make themselves felt in an undeniable way. Most important of all, the effect of Bach's St. Matthew Passion is to immerse the listener in the feelings and philosophies of an event that forms the foundation of western culture. If you think that's an overstatement, put this in your car cd and leave it there for a week. It's amazing what treating classics of art like drive-time distraction can do for your perspective. I found it particularly helpful to alternate a few days of the St. Matthew with a few days of the B-Minor Mass. The contrast was striking and highlighted the intensely dramatic and at the same time personal aspect of the Passion. And this performance delivers over and over again. While the initial impression of the opening bars is somewhat ponderous compared to other performances (e.g. Harnoncourt ), the intensity and passion of the playing and singing is amazingly consistent throughout. These people really believe in this music." urlLink Amazon.com review of Bach: Matth?us-Passion "My thumb was way up. I admired the film as a work of passion and obsession by Mel Gibson. Obviously, it comes from his heart. And I think it?s a very well-made film. On the other hand I was shocked, as many people were, by how violent it was, and I think the message that needs to get out is, this is not a family film." urlLink Roger Ebert Winner: Okay, marginally? Bach Total : With two categories to one, Gibson is clearly the greater artist. Move over Monteverdi, there's a new artist in town, and he put the mad in mad max! I mean, really , what were the cultural elite thinking? (averts gaze at the NY Times)

 Plato and the Founding of the Academy Okay, those of you who have been with this blog since it's conception in October 2003 will know, by merely reading the title of this, that I am psychologically compensating for the fact that I ran Lil Kim's ill na-na as lead blog for two whole days straight . I can hear your collective groans from the outer limits of the blogosphere. In my fevered ex-Catholic mind I am wondering whether or not that fact makes me a pormographer. I know : I crave intellectual respectablity despite the fact that I am an inveterate gossip with a hankering for the naughty. That having been confessed , my dear reader, please hear me out on this decidedly non-snarky blog , my guilt here does not mean that the following review of John Bremer's book urlLink Plato and the Founding of the Academy , by one Noam Gedalof , from the urlLink St. John's College Alumni newsletter is not fucking fascinating . urlLink Plato's Republic to me has always been as darkly beautiful and mysterious as the urlLink Ancient Greek sense of equating morality with Geometry , even going so far as to urlLink imply in Aristotle that a formula for virtue could be found in The Golden Mean. Give it a shot, like you might a glass of good cognac. I think it is really interesting if not amusing, like I usually am (or try to be). Noam writes in his book review: " John Bremer says he has come into the possession of a letter purporting to be from Plato himself, and addressed to his great nephew. Bremer, a former St. John's (College) tutor, describes how the letter came into his possession, presents the text in English, and in 100 pages of footnotes and other tabulations and analyses develops and clarifies the letter's contents. "In the letter, the author elaborates a scheme of the design of The Republic based on a twelve hour reading period, beginning at noon and ending at midnight. The way into duration is the sylable count. The Republic may be divided into 240 three minute units -- each of roughly 750 syllables. (Bremer calls them Bremer Units) The speed is fast, but not unrealistic. Plato would have composed on wax tablets, most likely of equal size, and in this way he could keep track of both the number of syllables on each tablet themselves -- by numbering them. He could follow the time frame in which each part of the conversation played out. And he could also -- and he surely did -- compose each numbered tablet with reference to other tablets, and often with them side to side. "What emerges when urlLink The Republic is viewed through this lens is an architectural marvel -- suffused with symmetries musical, astronomical, geometrical, even choreographic. urlLink The famous Divided Line , for example, itself divided in extreme and mean ratio, comes at precisely urlLink The Golden Section (the point which divides in extreme and mean ratio) of the duration of the conversation. An elaborate and precise ring composition also reveals itself. Bremer has shown this with a table that places summaries of tablets 1 and 240, 2 and 239, and so on, side by side. " urlLink The design of The Republic for once finds concrete exposition in Bremer's work -- a truly new way to urlLink read the ancient text ."

 Lil' Kim's Naughty Bits EXPOSED The links you are about to recieve are NOT SAFE for work. I repeat : do not click on these links when in the company of a boss or supervisor, or you will be fired. They will throw you out on your ass , people! Okay , that having been said, urlLink Lil' Kim is urlLink famous for not wearing panties . Infamous . It's like she's allergic and urlLink needs to expose herself . Anyhoo , as she battles urlLink Bill O'rielly on the subject indecency, she may want to rethink the whole panty thing in the age of cell phone cameras. Now, The Corsair cannot guarantee that these are the real deal, as he did not take them himself, but the source is adamant that they are, so take that as you will. urlLink Here . And urlLink here . Lil' Kim is crazy like Swayzee. As urlLink David Chappelle's exquisitely rendered Rick James might say, "If I had two more arms I'd give ya four thumbs down!"

 Ashton Kutcher is 30! Yeah, his bio says he's 26, but Ashton Kutcher , who plays teenage hearthrob Michael Kelso on That 70s Show , hasn't been a teenager in well over a decade, according to that significant cultural artifact urlLink The National Enquirer . He's actually urlLink 30 years old ! "According to a bazillion press clippings, actor Christopher Ashton Kutcher was born urlLink Feb. 7, 1978, in Cedar Rapids, Iowa . But urlLink Los Angeles County Registrar's voter registration records show a Christopher Ashton Kutcher who was born in Iowa and currently residing in Beverly Hills with a birth date of Feb. 7, 1974 ." Shit. "Pure coincidence? A clerical error? Call us skeptical, but we think not! "If Kutcher really IS 30, that would make his so-called urlLink May -September romance with 41-year-old Demi more like a urlLink July - urlLink September romance and take some of the sizzle out of the relationship. "Ashton's representatives insist that he was born in 1978 and when he appeared on 'The Tonight Show' back in January 2003, Kutcher himself confirmed the same thing to host Jay Leno . "But if that's the case, why do the L.A. voter rolls have him listed as 30? Hmmm, could it be 'The Butterfly Effect' ... or are we just being 'Punk'd'?" The Corsair feels for Ashton. He became famous for his youth, forst in That 70s Show, then as a boytoy. And in a town of liars, er, I mean actors, getting called on this is pretty lame. But it is just too juicy to ignore. Sorry, biscuit. ( Ed Note : Due to work constraints there will be no blog tommorrow. Sorry)

 The Kournikova Boytoy Tour It looks like Anna Kournikova is pulling a Colin Farrell , and going through the opposite sex faster than a meteor about to burn itself out. urlLink The 3 AM Girls have been up all night chronicling her conquests since breaking up with Enrique Englesias . They write: "The Russian tennis strumpet has finally been ditched by Spanish crooner Enrique after he heard reports of his other half's antics over the weekend. "The final straw was the news that Anna had been seen in Las Vegas getting close to actor Mark Wahlberg in a number of nightclubs on Saturday. "The pair then booked a suite in the Vegas Palm Hotel on Sunday night and emerged looking 'tired but happy' the next day. "And that wasn't the only time she's strayed. Earlier last week she'd been spotted getting friendly with New York Yankees baseball star Derek Jeter . "'Enrique was so upset and he says it's definitely over this urlLink time ,' a source tells us. 'He couldn't stand the thought of her with someone else.'" "But we're hardly overflowing with sympathy for Enrique. Since he met Anna he's been linked to a string of women, so she's finally giving him a taste of his own medicine." Note to young, beautiful, rich and famous people : fidelity is overrated.

 Page Six Blind Items Thank god for urlLink Page Six blind items , they keep bloggers like me busy, especially on the slow days. This is no different: "WHICH Broadway hunk lost his chance at being the next James Bond because of rumors he's gay? The movie's producers found out he was a little too close to his male assistant, and were worried about the secret getting out and weakening the Bond machismo . . . WHICH former supermodel and her hubby are on the rocks? His constant philandering with sexy young women in urlLink bars has finally come to a head, and she is said to be shutting off the tap on their marriage . . . WHICH hard-partying 'celebrity deejay' was recently bounced from L'Ermitage hotel and the Hyatt in L.A. while frittering away his share of the family fortune on drugs and booze?" The first one, I'll guess is urlLink Hugh Jackman . I don't know why I say that, but it just seems right. urlLink Gawker agrees. Choire Sicha writes, " Hugh Jackman , this one's easy; he's starring as a gay playboy in 'Boy from Oz' and he's the only one hot enough right now to be considered for James Bond... no, John Stamos in 'Nine' doesn't count..." The second blind item is Cindy Crawford , The "bars" comment screams "The Pulse" urlLink Rande Gerber , who owns bars and is a former model. Gawker agrees, "Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber?" The last one is hard. Very hard. I'm guessing Paul Sevigny , because, frankly, he and Rosanna Arquette are the only celebrity deejays I know about. But I'm pretty sure I am wrong on that. Gawker has a better guess. "How about Cameron Douglas , Michael's 23-year-old son-- maybe he's in need of a little attention?"

 Howard Stern: Is This The End? "This is the end, Beautiful friend This is the end, My only friend, the end Of our elaborate plans, the end Of everything that stands, the end No safety or surprise, the end I'll never look into your eyes...again" The Doors , urlLink The End It looks like we are witnessing the slow and bloody demise of urlLink Howard Stern's immensely successful radio show . First his sidekick Jackie "the Joke Man" Martling left the show, ostensibly to "punch up scripts" for tv and film. Then, just last week urlLink Stuttering John Melendez . Then urlLink the feud with Jay Leno . And now, just yesterday, urlLink six stations unceremoniously dropped Stern , caving in to FCC pressure as a result of urlLink Janet Jackson's tit . Which, incidentally, are not remotely as interesting as urlLink Monica Belucci's sumptuous breasts (thanks for the link, urlLink Uncle Grambo ) Again, urlLink Marksfriggin.com summarizes the discussions this morning: " urlLink Howard said he knows the story is big if he ever sees himself on the urlLink cover of the NY Times . He told Robin that he heard from his agent last night that he was suspended from the San Diego station last night. He didn't know it was going to be all 6 of the Clear Channel stations. He said he saw himself on the front page of a paper right next to Jesus from Mel Gibson's movie. He said that he thinks he looks better than Jesus. He said that's all he cared about w urlLink hen he saw the Daily News . Then he saw the awful picture that the NY Post used. He said they hate him over there and use the worst picture they can find. "Howard said he got a call from Robert Schimmel yesterday while all of this was going on. He said he did't even know he was under attack at the time. After talking to Bob he found out about the suspension. Howard heard that the head of Clear Channel has to testify in front of congress so that might be why all of this was going on. Since Clear Channel is in breach of contract they may not even have rights to the show anymore. He also heard that he should stop talking about this congresswoman who was getting upset about the things he was saying about her. Howard said she's not going to stop talking about him so he doesn't know why he has to stop talking about her. "Howard said after he found out all of that he watched ''American Idol.'' He told Robin about the people who got voted in and discussed that show for a couple of minutes. Howard went on to talk about how crazy this censorship stuff is and how they're saying that it was racist comments that got him removed from these stations. He said it was a phone caller who made a racist comment though, not him. "Howard said he really doesn't know what's going on and he's not sure why he's being taken off of these radio stations. He said he had to read the paper to get his information. He said that the papers are reporting that he was taken off because of a ''vulgar'' show he did. Howard also said they're claiming it was an ''indecent'' show he did but he doesn't understand that because he hasn't been accused of doing anything indecent. "Robin told Howard that in urlLink USA Today they said that he was yanked but the syndicator stood by him. Howard said that would be Mel (Karmazin). Howard read some of the articles that were written and the comments that the Clear Channel people were saying. Howard said that he's going to be the sacrificial lamb in all of this indecency stuff. Artie said it's pretty scary that they're not allowed to talk about a politician. He said that it's frightening." Under attack from Jay Leno and now the FCC. Stay tuned for how this little contretemps resolves itself.

 The Passion of The Bill Murray Okay people, the horizon is now in view, and everything, even the urlLink Gainsborough clouds, are irradiated by a haunting reddish-bronze sunset. The quest is almost over, fellow pilgrims. Our ship has broken it's last wine-dark swell before the docking, and we are nearly hugging the shore . The Oscars are upon us , people. And now, more than ever, we must motivate to make sure that urlLink Bill Murray wins Best Actor . So, what about Bill ? What about his oft-spoken of "nuanced irony"? Will it be enought to top Sean Penn's over the top urlLink superemotional performance ? Will urlLink emo beat nuance? Will someone just give the Oscar to Bill Murray already? Just give-it-to-him. Now: shnell . His performance in Sophia Copolla's Lost In Translation was one of subtraction, not addition -- continuous over the top gambits, or screaming , or crying like a pussy every frame of the film. Imagine a Best Oscar going to an underplayed performance, a bittersweetly comic performance, the gentle man going through the inevitable motions of decline. Bill here is playing a style of self, a mode of being. And Bill Murray -- for lack of Oscar nominations -- is an actor in decline yet at his peak, adding irony on to sublety. How better to reward irony than with irony? Give the subtly-nuanced rendering of decline a thumbs up, Hollywood. Give Bill Murray an Oscar for portraying "Bill Murray." Denzel Washington's dirty cop in Training Day was the most powerful and full-on, cut all the stops, performance in recent years. Septemeber 11th, to a degree, fueled our need for that kind of catharsis: a big evil wolfish lead villain devoured by his own excess. Denzel's evil cop was a big fat Osama Bin Laden effigy. In contradistinction to that performance (pats himself on the back for finding a use for "contradistinction"), wouldn't it be wonderful to have Bill Murray's muted Hollywood actor jetlagged in a foreign land win it this time around? Why? Because we, like Bill, are older; we've been languishing in the stream of time just a little bit longer than we were when we saw the world in terms of black and white. Now we want to examine the varieties of gray. Murray has been snubbed by Oscar before ( The Corsair shakes his head balefully at man's base nature). The fact that Murray has never been nominated is a crime. Murray was straightforward and emotionally rich in Rushmore . He created a multi-layered, if conflicted and earnest personality in The Razor's Edge . And Murray was overlooked as the subtle (there's that word again) but funny cuckolded psychiatrist in The Mighty Tennenbaum's . Murray is all about rendering different shades of beige. Some people believe acting is screaming and crying, Murray is not of that school. Besides, doing that kind of shit urlLink will drive you mad . My favorite Bill Murray flic is Meatballs , which is also the first film I ever saw, so take my suggestion with a grain of salt ("spazz ... spazz ... urlLink spazz "). There will never be a time quite like the 70s, in Canada, no less: Canada is a nation obsessed with folksy humanitarianism, think Pierre Trudeau and their relationship to the Native Americans. And the 70s were a decade of Aquarian folksy humanitarianism. Now top that off with a summer camp, Camp Mohawk, of Meatballs. There was an innocence (notwithstanding Murray's very un-PC manhandling of fellow counselor urlLink Roxanne , played a bit on the butch side, by the unforgettable urlLink Kate Lynch ). And for the kids who don't get the ad-libbed sex jokes(I was, like 5yrs old at the time, and devoid of irony or snark or smarm, all of which flooded forth, with torrential velocity , in high school years), there is the cockles-warming relationship between Murray and the affable Chris Makepeace's character, Rudy the Rabbit . That relationship would never happen today as a result of the cynicism arising from the Catholic Church and internet sex fiends and Jacko. If Bill Murray showed that much interest in a camper nowadays, he'd be washing the laundry of Chuck Zito and Addabezi . Anyhoo : To me, Bill Murray is the coolest man on the planet earth, Oscar or not. But boy will I be happy if Bill Murray wins this year. The Cutty Sark will flow in triumph. (And, of course, if he loses The Cutty Sark will flow in defeat). So the reddish-bronze sunset gives way to purple twilight, and Bill Murray is very much our Oscar hopes.

 President Bush and Dick Cheney: A Dialogue It's no secret that Dick Cheney is urlLink not a popular man throughout the land. urlLink Even his daughter may have something to say about the Administration's ban on gay marriage. In fact, many urlLink consider him too powerful . But now that polls show urlLink Bush trailing potential challengers John Edwards and John Kerry , he may want to consider a stronger ticket. In other words, could urlLink Dubya ask Cheney to step down "for the good of the party"? You know, a "health related" stepping down. Is Bush powerful enough? Here's a little imagined dialogue of possibility: Cheney : Mr. President? Dubya : Good to see you, Dickster, hows the ticker doin'? Cheney : Oh, fine, sir; got a clean bill of health. Dubya : Oh, is that so (sly smile plays on his lips). Are ya sure you wouldn't want to take some time off? Cheney : Sir? Dubya : You know, like the entire second term . Cheney : (dumbfounded) Wh- aat ? Dubya : Well, it's this war thing, Dickie, sorry to say. Nothing personal. If Kerry picks someone like urlLink former Senator Cleland and runs as a veteran who cares, then we are in deep doo doo . I can't run on a urlLink National Security platform down south if they start rallying vets against you for being such a goddamned urlLink chicken hawk Cheney : But, sir, I object, I -- Dubya : No, I know you aren't a goddamned chicken hawk, Dick. Wouldn't have asked you to join the ticket if you were. But politics is about the perception . How else do you think I urlLink broke John McCain in South Carolina in 2000? Cheney : But I was Defense Secretary -- Dubya : Speaking of that. Didn't you administer pop's First Persian Gulf War? Cheney : (puffs up) Why yes, I did indeed. Dubya : And who was the general in the field, he had a funny name. Polish or somethin' Cheney : (nervous) Shwarzkopf, er ... urlLink Norman Shwarzkopf . Dubya : (smiles) Stormin' Norman, I like that. See that, Dickie, we've already got a nickname for him. Cheney : But, sir -- Dubya : And he's from Florida , isn't he? Cheney : Uhm, yes, sir -- Dubya : Perfect (reaches for a pretzel). Him or urlLink Giuliani would be just the ticket for the ticket. Giuliani at the New York convention would be perfect. I'd campaign in the South, and Rudy would just stay right there in the tri state area of NY, Jersey and Connecticut. Cheney : (desperation) But, if I may speak frankly, what about Wyoming, sir. You couldn't have swept that state without me on the ticket. Dubya : I guess we'll just have to manage Wyoming's whopping three electoral college votes without ya, Dickster. A vacation is a good thing. Sound mind and all that. Wishful thinking on The Corsair's part?

 The Passion: Early Morning Box Office Matt Drudge has been on top of urlLink Mel Gibson's Passion like ... er, never mind (please excuse that image). Anyhoo : today is no different for the intrepid Miami-based proto-blogger. urlLink Drudge notes thay in little Plano, Texas, (link via urlLink CNN's Thom Patterson ) as far as The Passion goes, it's on like popcorn : "Thousands of moviegoers in Plano, Texas, spent the morning of Ash Wednesday viewing Mel Gibson's controversial 'The Passion of the Christ,' courtesy of a local businessman. "Three early-morning showings of the movie about the crucifixion of Jesus began at 6:30 a.m. Wednesday, after urlLink Arch Bonnema bought thousands of tickets for $42,000, according to a spokeswoman at his church. "'It was his passion,' said Pat Spackey of the Prestonwood Baptist Church . 'He was just so moved by the movie that he wanted everyone to be able to see it.'" Okay, so am I the only one who was blown away by the image of people going to see urlLink a little bit of the ole ultraviolent at 6:30 am? Oatmeal? No. Cookie Crisps? No. Eggs with Catsup? No. The blood of our precious lord? Priceless. urlLink New Yorkish cuts them down to size. And so does Matt at urlLink Lowculture .

 Penny Lover "I'm not a big fan of the handshake ... I think it's barbaric, shaking hands, you catch colds, you catch the flu, you catch this, you catch all sorts of things." If you identified urlLink Donald Trump as the author of this oft-repeated riff then you are dead on. The trouble is that it doesn't mesh with a comment he made to FHM in the March issue. Check out this slice: Trump : If I see a penny on the sidewalk, I always pick it up, because, psychologically, I want to do that." FHM : Seriously? Trump : Absolutely. I do it all the time. That's the way I am. Okay, leaving aside the fact that this naught else but complete bullshit, lets zero in on the whole penny-hygiene thing . Donald Trump, worth, oh, approximately $2 billion by conservative estimates, bending over, fat ass akimbo , picking up Abe Lincoln's from the gritty expectorate-laden Midtown streets. And yet he will not shake your hand? Priceless.

 Allegra Beck urlLink Allegra Beck . urlLink This from the New York Times : "At the end of this month, on her 18th birthday, urlLink Allegra Beck will come into control of her 50 percent of the privately held Versace firm; her mother owns 20 percent and Santo, 30 percent. The family's holdings include the fashion business, which had sales last year of $486 million, as well as a villa on Lake Como and a town house in New York. The family has sold the Miami Beach house. "Though her name is as prominent as a Hilton, Ms. Beck isn't a typical heiress. This is in part because of what she has endured and in part because her father, Paul Beck, and her mother, who are separated, have shielded her from the news media. She attends a private school in Milan and is often present at her mother's runway shows. But, while Ms. Beck will soon be free to exert control over one of the most famous labels in fashion, she plans to enroll this fall in an American university to study drama and business." The Corsair would like to take this opportunity to formally extend to Allegra Beck a full scholarship to the Ron Mwangaguhunga School of Drama and Business , registration guaranteed upon turning 18. Call me ?

 Topic A: Ron Galotti and Candace Bushnell on Tina Brown's Talkfest (new posts see below Tina blog: for Tuesday 2/24 ) Mr. Big , urlLink Ron Galotti , made an excruciating appearance on Tina Brown's urlLink Topic A last night. Excruciating. The former Vogue , Talk and GQ publisher interrupted an all girl discussion of the influence of Sex and the City for one segment. One segment. Then he whisked off into the night. After Tina Brown made an apology to urlLink Candace Bushnell , Mr. Big returned to the center of New York media, strutting down the aisle, full into the all-girl gab session on urlLink Sex and the City . After a very stiff hug, Bushnell noted, twice , that she was married to someone else (as is, of course, urlLink Mr. Galotti ). Panelist Aisha Tyler , Laura Ingraham and Erica Jong sat by as Galotti made a few comments and then disappeared. By the next segment, the girls got into a no holds barred discussion on the meaning of the HBO series. One wonders how that strange tv moment came about? The Corsair will take a stab: (phone rings) Tina Brown : Hello, Tina Brown speaking. Ron Galotti : Hey, Tina, it's Ron. Tina Brown : (awkward silence) oh, ehm, hi, Ron Ron : Long time, huh? Tina : Uh, yeah ... Ron : So, ya gotta show on CNBC, Topic A. Your doing all right with yourself, I see. Tina : Well, yeah, you know. Ron : --yeah Tina : (after an excruciating moment) Uh, what can I do for you Ron? Ron : We had some good times, eh Tina? Tina: Yeah, good times all around. Ron : At Vanity Fair and the New Yorker Tina : Right, good times (pause) Ron : --so ... Tina : What are you up to Ron? Ron : Oh, this, that and the other thing, urlLink you know the ad recession Tina : Yeah Ron : Hey, I just thought of somethin' Tina: Really? Ron: Yeah, are ya doing anything for the finale of Sex and the City ? Tina: Uhm, er -- just a girl chat show, you know, Manolo's and that sort of thing. Ron: Hey, I'd be great on that. Tina: No, really Ron, it's a discussion with me and Aisha Tyler , and Candace Bushnell and -- Ron : Candace ? Tina : (pause) Uhm , look Ron Ron : You gotta put me on, Tina. I'm the original Mr. Big. Tina : Ron, I ... Ron : I've always been loyal, Tina, a paisan ... Tina : (breaking down) yes ... Ron: Just get me on, let me talk a bit about me, make me look good. Tina: (resigned) okay, Ron; just one segment. Ron: Great. I always said Mickey Rourke was wrong in The Pope of Greenwich Village . urlLink Italians don't outgrow people , they outgrow clothes. And neither does Tina Brown. Tina : -- Right . I'll talk to you later. Ron : Don't worry, it'll have urlLink synergy . Tina: (unenthusiastically) urlLink great

 David Guest's Medical Records or, He Denies any Amaurosis Fugax urlLink TheSmokinggun.com via urlLink Gawker gets the goods on David Guest's medical records, and it is a treasure trove of yum. So much so, in fact, that this gossip pirate has only scratched the surface dubloons of its booty. We find out, for instance, that Guest, who has a "significant medical history," is urlLink allergic to polyester . And his signature is, well, urlLink demonic . He takes urlLink oxycontin , (aka poor man's heroin) two times a day. His bowel sounds are urlLink positive . The guys at TheSmokinggun.com fill us in: "The 2003-4 documents, just filed in connection with litigation between Gest and estranged wife Liza Minnelli , purport to record the 50-year-old producer's fragile, pain-filled existence since Liza allegedly went Sonny Liston on him last June during a London holiday. Since then, Gest has been living in Hawaii, where he is presently being treated with a 'bizarre and irrational course of medications and treatments,' according to a New York doctor who reviewed Gest's records for the Minnelli camp. The records are filled with accounts of Gest's morphine drips, insomnia, lesions, elevated cholesterol levels, and other details from his stays at Honolulu's Queen's Medical Center." As to the mechanics of the ass whipping -- alleged ass whipping -- that Liza handed out: "The patient was struck on the forehead, temporal and parietal areas by his spouse on June 18, 2003. He states that he was assaulted by his spouse on numerous occasions over the last year; however the last occasion was especially violent." Oh god, this is juicy. Read it all urlLink here . What do we learn? That doctors who cater to the rich and powerful will often enable any nutso or addictive behavior so long as said upper tax bracketer has the green to pay for it.

 Kiefer's Sweet Julia Memories SAG Best Actor in a TV Drama Kiefer Sutherland tells urlLink Ananova that he thinks fondly of his time dating Julia Roberts . urlLink Ananova writes: "'All in all, we had two great years', the actor has told urlLink Fuer Sie magazine. "'But the media hype and our lack of experience destroyed everything.' "Speaking about his change from movie to television roles, Sutherland, 37, said he finally realised Hollywood life wasn't for him. "'The big bosses have all the power, they bring you down, don't keep their word and treat you like dirt', he said. "'If you live in Los Angeles, you are in their hands'." Oh, so it's the media's faultnow, is it KiKi? Gee, and I thought it was because Kiefer was cheating on Julia Roberts with a stripper-gogo dancer named Amanda Rice (stipper name, Raven ), who sold her story to the tabloids, telling them, in the process, that Kiefer regularly referred to Julia as "the ice princess." Blame the media , Kiefer.

 The Kid Stays in the Picture, and: Friedman vs. Waxman urlLink Roger Friedman's Fox 411 column relays some very strange information regarding the 13 year-old cancer stricken boy at the center of the Jacko sex abuse case. Friedman quotes urlLink Rush Hour 2 director Brett Ratner as saying: "'[The boy] would sit in my director's chair. When I told him to get up, he'd tell me to go to hell.' Ratner said, 'He used to tell me, Brett, I don't like the last shot' while he was watching us make the movie. He's telling me how to make my movie! He's more street smart than I was at that age. If someone tried to fondle him, he'd punch them in the face. He's an adult. I think the jury will see that.'" Okay, lets bypass the fact that the kid is acting like urlLink Orson Wells , and he's only 13 . Friedman goes on: "Ratner confirmed for me what I've heard a lot now from others: that actor/comedian Chris Tucker bonded with the boy when he was ill. I've told you before that it was Tucker and Adam Sandler who the boy wanted to meet when he was at a camp for sick children. It was through Tucker that he met Jackson." Okay, first things first: how the fuck does a 13 year-old boy get is kind of juice? Were his first words out of the womb, "It's all about who you know, baby ." Did he chill at the urlLink Chateau Marmont when he should have been in kindergarten? What the fuck is up with this kid giving directing pointers to Brett Ratner? Granted we live in a media savvy age, where weekend box office results are news items on the Sunday night news, but come on . Anyhoo : Speaking of Friedman, Cynthia Cotts , the media reporter for the Village Voice , urlLink weighs in on the his feud with Sharon Waxman of the urlLink New York Times , and finds that Roger just wants a little respect. R-E-S-P-E-C-T : "The Fox scribe's latest point of contention ( ed note : with Waxman) involves a $70 million loan payment that Jackson reportedly owes, a payment that has either been made or not, depending on whose sources you trust. On January 13, Friedman reported that the payment had been made by two 'Jackson stalwarts'; a month later, on February 12, Waxman reported that the payment had not been madeand that Jackson may face bankruptcy as a result. "Friedman says he was too 'tired and incensed' to ask Waxman about her reporting on his story about the loan payment. (Perhaps it didn't occur to him that she didn't credit him because her sources contradicted his.) Instead, he wrote to New York Times public editor Daniel Okrent , expressing his shock at the alleged theft. According to one source, the letter begins, 'I can't believe she's doing this to me again!' Waxman wrote a letter defending her work, and shortly thereafter Okrent informed Friedman that no correction would be forthcoming." Cotts casts her net far and wide to find out what journos think of Friedman, and finds,sadly, "other scribes express varying degrees of affection and pity for Friedman. One calls him 'marginal, with delusions of grandeur'; another says he wants 'to be respected.'" Cotts concludes: "Friedman says he has nothing against the Times reporter personally. 'I'm not her media critic; I'm not looking into her stories,' he says. 'My main complaint is that there's no citing of previous reporting in her stories ... I invite Sharon Waxman to lunch anywhere she likes, on any coast at any time. Just please stop this doing this thing. Just give me credit.'" And respect , methinks. Roger just wants a little r-e-s-p-e-c-t.

 Page Six Blind Items Blind items are fun. With a little indirect communication we can avoid the whole lawyer mess. Today's urlLink PageSix presents us with some of the good stuff: "WHICH Broadway composer had a torrid affair with fake plastic surgeon Dean Faiello , who fled to Costa Rica after he allegedly killed his patient Maria Cruz and buried her body under concrete in his Newark home? . . . WHICH 'happily married' model isn't so happy after all? Although she and her hubby present themselves as the perfect couple, insiders say they're talking divorce . . . WHICH porn hustler is so desperate for celebrity pals to attend Mardi Gras with him, he has offered every "star" a free ride on his jet, five-star accomodations and $4,000 in cash for play money? So far, no one will risk their reputation by being seen with him. " Okay, the first one I have no idea about. I'm not even going to try to fake like I know anything about Broadway composers. The second one sounds like urlLink Cindy Crawford . I'm not quite sure why her particular name sprung to mind, but the image of domesticity is one that Crawford seems to be pushing a bit ... a bit ... too hard (do we need to see her blindingly-blond child in a commercial for automobiles?). Do we need to always see her progeny by the immensely shallow pub purveyor, "The Pulse," urlLink Rande Gerber ? And the third sounds like Larry Flynt , who always wants attention. And he has a " urlLink centerfold pink" jet . Eeeeeewww. Then again, urlLink Gawker , who is a better guess than me, says, "The third blind item... gotta be Joe Francis , right? I just saw him referenced on another headline as someone everyone's avoiding... And this has been months in the works. This sounds like something he'd do, and it sounds like something that should happen to him. It's about time, actually." Yeah, Joe Francis sounds like someone who would pay celebrity to surround him at Mardi Gras.

 Media: Left Behind "Without any warning, passengers on an airborne Boeing 747 mysteriously disappear from their seats. Nothing remains except rumpled piles of clothing. Terror and chaos reign worldwide as the cataclysm unfolds. For those left behind, the apocalypse has just begun." urlLink Left Behind Tim LeHaye and Jerry Jenkins novel, Left Behind has gotten major publicity lately as the holidays near, the newsweekly magazine's clamor, and Mel Gibson's urlLink The Passion of The Christ tops the box office . Of course, the "leftist blue state media cultural elite" remain skeptical. But should they? What would happen if The Rapture came to urlLink Michael's ? We wonder ... (dreamy music) Dramatis Personnae : Jayson Blair : Are you kidding me? Left behind. Tim Russert : Whisked upwards to a celebratory dinner with Pat Moynihan , urlLink Pope Leo XIII , urlLink Kierkegarrd and urlLink Disraeli , all of whom have already began on the peppery cognacs, all the while making acute observations on the unfolding scene. Bonnie Fuller : Mysteriously vanished, to heaven, to better press, leaving urlLink sandwich crumbs to the consternation of her bitchy detractors. Howie Kurtz : Whisked to heaven in time to sup with urlLink Eric Sevareid and urlLink Marshall McLuhan . Rupert Murdoch : Left behind to do play defense for the anti-christ. Waiting for urlLink Verbrecherwelt . Graydon Carter : mysteriously vanished, leaving urlLink Saville Row suit and Winston Light cigarette ashes. Don Imus : Left behind. Way behind. urlLink Keeping it gully. Felix Dennis : left behind and proud of the fact, yelling at the sky " urlLink Better to reign in hell than serve in heaven ." Effectively inaugurating the Rapture. Great going, Felix. Harvey Weinstein : Was thought to be mysteriously whisked to heaven -- at least that's what Matthew Hiltzik's press release said, but it turns out he was hiding out at The Ivy. A Miramax publicity stunt. His bad. Jim Romenesko : Whisked to heaven leaving behind thousands of anxious journos with no place to get their hot urlLink media scoop . Harry Evans and Tina Brown : Whisked away heavenward, creating a bit of an urlLink Event-oid in the media. Donald Trump : Left behind. serves on the boards of director's of several of the Antichrist's companies. Has several lucrative subcontracting gigs with urlLink Iblis . Reciting elegiacal couplets. Dick Parsons : Whisked away; Gerald Levin : Left Behind Roger Ebert : Wisked Away; Roeper : Left Behind Marty Peretz : Left Behind. When God Himself wrote a letter to urlLink TNR to explain the decision, Peretz heavily edited it. Laura Zalaznick : The President of Trio is whisked heavenwards, she is programming on Cloud 9, God TV. Christopher Hitchens : Surprisingly whisked away, leaving behind a tumbler full of Johnny Walker Black . Eric Alterman : Surprising everyone, he is Left Behind. Ralph Nader : Left Behind; Nader retaliates by running for God in 2008. Kurt Anderson : Whisked Away, leaving a deficit of wit in the media. Christiane Amanpour and Jamie Rubin : Later this week, Amanpour reports on living conditions in Hell and possible breaches of urlLink Canon Law in the treatment of devils. Martha Stewart : Surprisingly whisked away at the end of her prison term after finding Jesus at Club Fed. Offers splendid tips on the beautification of Heaven and cleaning the pearly gates. Dennis Miller : Oh, God, Left Behind. In the Divine Plan , his show, in primetime, will serve as punishment for the perverse nature of fallen man left behind. Michael Hirschorn : Whisked away to heaven. Will executive produce an interview with God, to be aired on Zalaznick's GodTV. Charlie Rose : Whisked heavenward, whereupon he immediately gravitated towards the high rollers -- the St. Peter crowd -- and landed a God interview on Zalaznick's GodTV. Katrina Van Den Heuvel : Whisked away to a better place with better human rights standard. Les Moonves : Do you even have to ask (fans sulfurous brimstone clouds)? Arianna Huffington : Surprisingly left behind. urlLink Managing Nicolae's presidential run . Bill Kristol : Left behind to search for wepons of mass destruction. Chris Matthews : Surprisingly whisked away, only to get on the nerves of FDR , asking endless Brian Lambish questions the second he gets up there. Diane Sawyer : Surprisingly whisked away. Quickly develops alliances with high rollers. Howard Stern : Not surprisingly, left behind. Andre Leon Talley : whisked away leaving a fabulous wardrobe. Richard Johnson : Whisked away, leaving a giant vaccum of interesting chatter on this planet. Michael Wolff : Whisked away, but very critical of Peter's handling of the backed up lines at the pearly gates, or, as he called it, urlLink HeavenCom Michael Musto : Whisked to heaven, where he was fitted with a fab pair of wings. Jon Stewart : Left behind to head up the resistance in the media to the antichrist, then whisked up angelically before urlLink the Rapture . Bill Mahar : Surprisingly whisked away to heaven, but is still bitter that it occurred just as his HBO show was a critical hit. Lloyd Grove : Whisked away in recognition of his much improved and much appreciated column. Geraldo Rivera : Left behind, but makes the best of his time and ambition, chasing the antichrist for an exclusive. Peter Jennings : Heavenwards, north of Canada, eh? Rush and Molloy : Whisked away to heaven, scribbling good scoop while on the line to the pearly gates. Brian Lamb : Whisked away; but very nearly sent back after seemingly eternal questionings of the Great Political Philosophers -- and even God Himself -- about the nature of government. Toby Young : So very left behind. Liz Smith : whisked away to heaven, where she landed a dinner seat between urlLink Petronius and urlLink Marcel Proust . George Stephanopoulos : Surprisingly left behind, drinking the urlLink black wine of Cahors , elixir of Popes, Playing an eerie tune on a reed pipe in homage to the antichrist! basta!

 ( Janet Jackson photos below this blog; scroll down) A Little of the Old In and Out In : Bonnie Fuller . I read, with horror, the Vanity Fair (Unfair) profile of Bonnie, which brought up everything from a sad incident in her impoverished past with a Marshall, coworkers fouling her food, her children's pictures that adorn her door at work and the bitchy comments that co-workers have made about them, but urlLink The Kicker gets it right when they start reporting on the crumbs in her sammich. Overkill. Just because someone is a perfectionist doesn't make her media punching bag number one. Charles Manson shouldn't be treated in the manner Bonnie is treated. The Corsair is now, 100 percent pro-Bonnie Fuller. You can kick a girl only so much before this 145 pound African wolfpack steps up to the plate, Ninja-Style . Never let em see you sweat, Fuller; I got your back. Out : Lizzy Grubman . As urlLink Cindy Adams reports , " LIZZIE Grubman heading for an 'Apprentice'-type MTV show come Sep tember. Winner gets a p.r. job. 'I'm knocking off Donald,' she says." And I hope she means in the ratings and not some more of urlLink the old SUV treatment . In : urlLink Hugs not drugs . Gothamist gives you your very own chance to air your thoughts on the most interesting picture in the world currently circulating. Pimp Snoop Dogg mesmerizing The Olsen Twins , the most powerful media force in the world, no, the galaxy , with his funkadelic chalice and syrupy pimp juice. Caption this puppy, please. urlLink Please . In : urlLink Israeli Porn . Variety writes, "Israel's High Court of Justice unanimously ruled on Wednesday that the Playboy channel can continue to be broadcast in the holy land, thereby ending three years of legal sparring over the legality of its broadcasts. The special 11-justice panel rejected two petitions against the adult channel on cable and satellite television in Israel, but, amazingly, the judge decided to uphold the freedom of expression and even noted that the pornographic content of the channel was 'relatively light.'" Out : Celebrity Religion. Yesterday we blasted Jim Carrey and his pseudo religiosity that emerged from his forgotten urlLink Randian tint. Now Jeff Bridges , on urlLink his weblog , espouses some poo poo religiosity, "Free your heart from hatred, Free your mind from worries, Live simply, Give more, Expect less." Less cliche, eff, now shut up and act. In : The Passion of The Lisa Whelchel . Lisa Whelchel , who played Blair Warner on Facts of Life heartily endorses The Passion of the Christ urlLink in her blog , "I have been struck lately with the power of one! What a difference what a life-difference, one person, obeying their call can make in this world. Obviously, a very recent example of this is Mel Gibson . What a worldwide impact this one man, just doing what the Lord prompted him to do, is going to have on eternity. "(I like what [her daughter] said last week when we were discussing this. She said, Does this mean that Mel Gibson is a Christian? I answered, 'Apparently, so.' She quickly responded, 'Cool! Id love to spend eternity with Mel Gibson!')" You, Blair, and tens of millions of annoying " urlLink crossover " music listeners. Out : Cindy Crawford's marriage is very out. Most bloggers figured this one out when urlLink Page Six ran the blind item about the philandering husband who frequents bars and his former supermodel wife. Now, urlLink Star Magazine , that significant cultural artifact, pokes at the burning embers, "On Feb. 26, five-and-a- half years (and two kids) into their seemingly model marriage, Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber strolled outside a Brentwood, Calif., gym. As they walked side-by-side, arms interlaced, they kissed in the parking lot, looking like the perfect devoted husband and wife. "Coincidentally or not, the day before Cindy and Rande's public display of affection, an item in The New York Post's Page Six gossip column urlLink reported the marriage of a 'former supermodel and her hubby' was on the rocks due to 'his constant philandering.' And although the identity of the cited couple can't be confirmed, Star has learned that bar owner Rande's philandering just may crush former supermodel's Cindy's marriage." In: Paul McCartney is fucking rich. urlLink The Beeb reports that, " Sir Paul McCartney's wealth is bigger than the combined fortunes of Sir Elton John , Sir Mick Jagger and Madonna , a list of the UK's richest stars reveals. His estimated bank balance of 725m puts him top the Mail on Sunday's Rich Report 2004 for musicians. " Sir Sean Connery leads the field of male actors, with his 66m fortune beating that of Sir Anthony Hopkins . "And comedian Tracey Ullman , who lives in the US, is reportedly richer than Catherine Zeta Jones and Anne Robinson ." Out : The Predator/Editor. urlLink Governator Ahhnold is now going to edit magazines while running California. According to urlLink Reuters , "California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has accepted a new role for his busy schedule, that of executive editor of 'Muscle & Fitness' and 'Flex' magazines, his spokesman said on Friday." Come on, now; Arnold is a bold politician but does he even know what a dangling participle is? And no, it is not a side effect of D-balls [Dianabol].

 Janet Jackson Exposed, Martha Stewart Convicted Janet Jackson is once again, uhm, exposed urlLink in this German Magazine (warning: not safe for workplace environments). Although I am not 100 percent sure about the turquoise nail polish, and I did not take the picture in question, again, the source is adamant (okay, some guy on Velvetrope.com ) that this is the real deal Those crafty Germans. Jackson, urlLink according to The Scoop , has just been pencilled in to appear on SNL on April 10th to poke fun at herself: "Another source familiar with the situation adds, 'She?s stayed out of the public eye since the whole Super Bowl fiasco. She?ll almost certainly do a skit that will refer to and spoof [the incident] in hopes of encouraging everyone to chill about this whole thing.'? In other bad things celebrities do news, urlLink Martha Stewart was convicted of all counts against her. Sentencing scheduled for June 17, urlLink AP/Yahoo says : "The jury of eight women and four men deliberated three days before convicting Stewart of all counts against her. The charges carry up to 20 years in prison, but Stewart will most certainly get much less than that under federal sentencing guidelines. "Stewart, 62, grimaced as each count against her was read. Her eyes appeared to widen slightly. "Her ex-stockbroker, Peter Bacanovic , 41, was convicted on all but one count against him, filing a false document." urlLink Reuters noted early this morning that Omnimedia shares were skyrocketing, "Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc. stock jumped $1.68, or 12 percent, to $15.71 in afternoon trade on the New York Stock Exchange. That's its highest level since June 2002." urlLink But AP and the NYSE had the final wod, "Shares of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc. were halted by the New York Stock Exchange on Friday shortly before the guilty verdict in her stock fraud trial was announced. "Shares of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia rose $2.24, or 16 percent, to $16.27 before the hold was imposed at 3:02 p.m." urlLink Margaret Cho , always outspoken, on Martha Stewart, urlLink in her blog ,"It seems to me that America inherently hates it when women are wildly successful, and there is a built in punishment that comes along with that kind of wealth. I cannot follow a recipe for shit, but I can spot misogyny from miles away. Why do we hate women who beat all the odds and come out on top? Why are books written to 'expose' their financial 'deviance,' as well as their 'ambitchiness?' Double standards abound, when reality shows are devoted to the tough inner life of the poor soul who must play sorcerer's apprentice to Trump's Merlin, and from scratch making, raffia using, household tip knowing Martha Stewart is facing a possible jail sentence of twenty years. If her manner with the people she worked with was ugly, if she were truly the megalomaniac monster we are told she is, why are her male counterparts glorified for displaying the exact same behavior?"

 Bonnie (Fuller) Come Lately So there we were, listening to Beethoven's late quartets in the afternoon rain, sipping on a peppery cognac, reading urlLink Keith Kelly's NY Post piece on Bonnie Fuller , when all of a sudden, I exploded into laughter. What caused this waste of such a mature cognac? "Staffers (at Star) are also said to be upset that Fuller frequently conducts meetings while eating a sandwich or a bun that gives off lots of crumbs. Fuller doesn't deny that she gobbles down food in front of staffers at meetings, but said it's a two-way street. "'We're very free around here. Sometimes I have a sandwich. The other day I was at a meeting in which two staffers were eating sandwiches. We don't go out for lunch.'" Okay, now I've heard everything. Sandwich crumbs are now media news? Look, I was never a big fan of Bonnie Fuller , but people are hitting her waaaay too hard and way too low. First that brutal -- bruutal -- Vanity Fair piece, which was just fucking nasty as far as I'm concerned, and now bitchy comments on her sammich crumbs? Come on now . Let's stick to the important things, people, like photos of Janet Jackson sunbathing nekkid and JLo's ex husband bad mouthing her. Ya know? urlLink Lizzie Spiers is also surprised by Crumbgate.

 Dick Morris: How to Beat John Kerry Say what you will about Francophile Dick Morris , the shady political operator who let a hooker listen in on his private strategy calls with former President Clinton , but you cannot call him incompetent . Today, in urlLink The Hill , Morris lays out a strategy whereby the Republicans can defeat that can of hairspray Senator John Kerry ( The Corsair wanted John Edwards for the nominee). Morris writes: "In opting for Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts and turning down Sen. John Edwards of North Carolina, Democrats have broken from the pragmatism and moderation that dominated their partys profile under Bill Clinton and Al Gore in the 1990s." ( The Corsair nods, sadly) "Their party has now moved back to the liberal extremism of Walter Mondale and Michael Dukakis that characterized the 1980s with the same predictable result." ( The Corsair nods, sadly) "It is now up to President Bush to take advantage of this by implementing a three-part strategy in the coming campaign. "First, his paid media must attack Kerrys voting record to define him as an ultraliberal. There are likely those in the White House who are urging Bush to run positive ads. That wont work. Even if positive ads produce a small, short-term bounce for Bush, events soon will come to dominate, and the impact of those ads likely will evaporate." ( The Corsair lets out a depressed sigh) For the other two reasons that will give anyone pause, check out Morris column urlLink here .

 JLo's Ex Speaks: And, Damn, does he sound Bitter That significant cultural artifact urlLink Star Magazine gives up the scoop with a bitter interview with JLo's first husband. Doesn't JLo know how to pay off your exes? I mean, arent there lawyers and private investigators in Hollywood who make a living taking care of exes? Anyhoo : The 29 year old Cuban-born Ojani Noa , a former waiter who married J.Lo in early 1997 is speaking out to urlLink The Star's Nicola Pittam & Anna Holmes : "'While I am very happy, Jennifer does not seem that way,' hunky Noa, who's releasing a calendar of semi-nude photos, declares. 'She has changed so much since I first met her. I'm sure her romance with Ben failed because she changed.' "'Ben went through the same joys I had with her in the early days,' Noa says. 'It is all incredibly romantic, but then she changes. The more famous she becomes, the more different she is -- I think it happens because of the people she has around her, her team of advisers, managers and lawyers. It happened to me when I was married to her. There were times when even I had to go through advisers to speak to her.' "Noa says that Jennifer was in major denial about her transformation, however. 'She turned to me [one day] and said, You're not the man I married, he says. 'We'd only been married six months. But I hadn't changed, it was her. All she thought about was her work. It kind of hurt in a way because I was really young and really naive. To be honest, it felt like a betrayal.'" urlLink Check out Star for the rest of the story.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Happy Birthday, Eddie Grant . You know Eddie. He was that affable 80s reggae singer who made " urlLink Electric Avenue." Well, today he turns 56. "And then we'll take it higher." Out : Ultraphony asshole Jim Carrey is definitely out. The National Enquirer's Robin Mizrahi urlLink paints a gloomy picture of the fake . She writes: "'Jim (Carey) knows he's great at becoming other characters, but he feels he has no true soul of his own,' a close friend confided to The ENQUIRER. "The twice-divorced performer also feels frustrated at not having found the right woman, but he doesn't think he'll find his soul mate until he first discovers his own true self, said the friend. And right now the spiritual pilgrim is practicing what he preaches. "'Jim eats no wheat, dairy, sugar or processed food. No caffeine, either, and he doesn't smoke cigarettes or pot. And he's really into fasting - he actually enjoys feeling hungry,' revealed his friend. "'Jim never does anything halfway. Even his house reflects his new philosophy - he's been giving away his possessions, little by little.'" This, people, is the same Spiritual pilgrim who emerged from a rhino's ass. In : Minerals and herbs. urlLink Roger Friedman of Foxnews.com says of Jacko: "When Jackson thought he was having a morphine overdose last December, I am told he called in one Alfredo Bowman, also known as 'Dr. Sebi.' Bowman is not a real doctor. He just plays one. "Bowman ... is now staying with Michael in Aspen, feeding him minerals and herbs and talking to him very nicely. US Weekly says Dr. Sebi is 'detoxing' Michael from his addiction to alcohol and painkillers. " Hmmm. Minerals and herbs. In : Steroids. urlLink Lloyd Grove once again gives us the Sweet and Lowdown today. Interviewing extreme journalist Robert Young Pelton , just back from the Afghanistan-Pakistan border, who interviewed a CIA operative known pnly as "The Contractor." The Contractor says about combat readiniess: "Most (CIA operatives) are into steroids big-time. D-balls [Dianabol] to bulk you up and Sustanon to help you maintain what you gained. The doctors turn a blind eye to it. We get the stuff across the border in Pakistan." What the fuck ? Out : Nerds. The geek shall inherit the earth. urlLink NY Times Martin Nisenholtz insists that although he knows things tech, he is not a geek. In : Arianna Huffington . The new in thing in Washington is to succeed in Hollywood. HBO's K-Street, Lawrence O'Donnell and Dede Myers consulting for NBC's The West Wing , and now Arianna Huffington, parlaying her run for Governor into political tv. urlLink Rush and Molloy write : " Halle Berry and Alfre Woodard may be dueling it out on rival movies based on an incident in Tulia, Tex. Berry wants to play a defense lawyer for some of the 10% of the town's black residents who were falsely arrested on drug charges in 1999 on the word of a single cop. But 'Tulia' is still two years away. Meanwhile, producers Arianna Huffington and David Yudain have their own movie, 'Tulia, Texas,' ready to go for CBS, in which Woodard would star as Mattie White , whose four children were all arrested." I'm so there. In : Excess. From urlLink Page Six : " BEN Stiller washing his $41 hamburger down with a glass of Dom Perignon at Old Homestead." Damn, all I had was a bite of Bonnie Fuller's crummy sandwich for lunch. Out : Adam Clayton Powell, Jr . versus Charles Rangel . Page Six writes, "THAT State Assemblyman Adam Clayton Powell Jr. one of the few Democratic legislators who spoke against the state's harsh ban on smoking and voted against the bill held a fund-raiser last night at One on Little West 12th Street for his campaign against Rep. Charles Rangel, who won his Harlem congressional seat from Powell's father in 1970." Fuck. When are we Northerners going to figure out that the reason the South is so powerful is that they fall in line and reelect representatives for the long haul, thus garnering seniority , and thus helping the region. Rangel is fourth in line to head Ways and Means and is steering a lot of pork to Harlem. Electing Powell simply because he wants to avenge his pappy s no help to Harlem. And Al Sharpton insinuating himself into this mess and backing Powell because he felt Rangel slapped him in the face by endorsing Wes Clark doesn't help matters. Sheesh , Washington politics is as complicated as my last name.

 New York Times Crystal Ball: Media Consolidation in 2004 urlLink The New York Times' Business Editor Larry Ingrassia was urlLink interviewed for Media Life Magazine and this chestnut dropped when asked what he thought the media story for 2004 might be: "Media consolidation in broadcast television and cable, in entertainment, and how that plays out. You see it in the effort by Comcast to acquire Disney . "Theres consolidation going on. How that proceeds and the extent to which it affects consumers of entertainment, news and information is a hugely important story."

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : David Chappelle . Fuck , Dave is so in with The Corsair that I am about to name him the new Richard Pryor based solely on the "I'm Rick James , Bitch!" skit, easily some of the best comedy of the past decade. And I'm not alone in the praise. According to urlLink medialifemagazine.com , " 'South Park' has long been the MVP of Comedy Central, hauling whatever show airs after it to decent ratings. "But now it looks like one of those shows finally has detached itself from 'Park's' coattails, to the point that it is now bettering its lead-in's ratings. "Comedy Central's 'Chappelle's Show' starring Dave Chappelle had a strong week and helped boost the network to an even stronger February, up 10 percent over the previous month among adults 18-49. "'Chappelle,' which airs Wednesday at 10:30 p.m., was responsible for a good part of that. Last week's episode made the top 10 on ad-supported cable among viewers 18-49 years old. With more than 1.9 million viewers in the group, it was the most-viewed episode since the show's Jan. 21 season premiere." Out : urlLink Skull and Bones . And I thought only African-Americans devised complicated secret handshakes to crafted to intimidate the uninitiated. But we are all "the man" to Bonesmen. Lloyd Grove gives us the Sweet and Lowdown: "On the Feb. 8 installment of 'Meet the Press,' the President was similarly uncommunicative ( ed note : about Skull and Bones). "'It's so secret we can't talk about it,' he told Russert. "'What does that mean for America?' Russert pressed. 'The conspiracy theorists are going to go wild.' "'I'm sure they are,' Bush agreed with a nervous giggle." The Corsair nervously giggles. In : Former urlLink Maine Senator, George Mitchell , the new "nonexecutive chairman" of Disney -- whatever that means. Mitchell is like Rob Lowe when it comes to jobs. He was urlLink Clinton's broker for the Irish Good Friday Agreement , a lawyer, an army intelligence officer, urlLink a Senate Majority leader and now this. Crazy like Swayze . Out : Madonna's panties. urlLink Jeannette Walls of MSNBC writes : "Madonnas skivvies are up for sale. The lacy drawers that the singer wore in 'Evita' can be purchased for a mere $3,650 from Infinitely Better, a shop in Swindon, England." Greeeat. Madonna's bloomers, anyone ... Drawers? (frustrated) Kni...kni ... Knickers no, not ni -- I am not a racist, in fact I am black ... (sighs) anyone want these things? No? I kinda figured. In : Billionaire children's book writer JK Rowling . In an urlLink web chat interview to mark World Book Day she hinted she might write a beyond the seven promised Harry Potter books, "(Rowling) was asked: 'Are you going to write books about Harry after school?' "Rowling gave fans hope when she replied: 'Probably not. But I'll never say never because every time I do I immediately break the vow.'" Out : urlLink Joe Francis . On Howard Stern today, Snoop Dogg painted a rather sordid picture indeed of the sleazy founder of the Girls Gone Wild franchise (if it is possible to make the purveyor of underage white girls topless seem sleazier), according to urlLink Marksfriggin.com : "Howard and Robin asked Snoop about his new video series 'Black Girls gone Buck Wild' that's with the Playboy people. Snoop said that the guy at Girls Gone Wild didn't want to have Latino and Black girls in his videos so he went out on his own to put out that stuff." Greeeat. Francis was going after that lucrative Kentucky white supremacist market. In : 18 year old dancers, my friend (savors the words, a smile plays on The Corsair's lips) ... 18-year old dancers. They are crafty the way they get you to buy them things. The Smokinggunners write of urlLink Diane Ritchie , who is seriously threatening to part Lionel from his Commodore stash: "The Richies, who wed in December 1996 and have two young children, live in a $40 million Beverly Hills mansion, with its 30 rooms spread over 18,000 square feet. 'In addition to nine full time staff members, we also employ people to maintain our plants, detail our cars, care for our pool, groom our dog, maintain our aquarium and a painter for regular touch ups on the house,' noted Richie. She also made sure to point out particular monthly expenses that Lionel, 54, needs to cover: clothing, shoes, and accessories ($15,000); dermatology ($3000); laser hair removal ($1000); massages ($600); jewelry ($5000); gifts ($5000); and vitamins ($500). There are plenty of other costs Richie listed--like $20,000 annually for plastic surgery and her nine-year-old son's $125,000 boarding school tuition--but TSG will let you discover those chestnuts. According to Richie, she began dating the pop star in 1984, when they met at the Summer Olympics in Los Angeles (she was an 18-year-old dancer)." I love that last line, an aside, tossed out into the ethers, as if to explain everything (sotto vocce) " she was an 18-year old dancer." A ballerina girl , if you will. Out : College athletics. Call me a nerd, my little pomegranates, but I went to college for a classical liberal arts education, not to shoot hoops or rape. Well, the urlLink University of Georgia joins the ranks of other corrupt univeristy athletics departments spanning the nation from sea to shining sea. As the urlLink Smokinggunners write: "Until his resignation last year amidst allegations of impropriety in UGA's basketball program, Harrick was an assistant coach under his father, Jim Harrick . In addition to helping pop run the lay-up line, the younger Harrick taught 'Coaching Principles and Strategies in Basketball' during 2001's fall semester. The 39-student class was popular with several of Harrick's players, since the coach wasn't a stickler when it came to attendance, studying, or showing up for the College of Education course's only test. Below you'll find that test, a 20-question mockery that includes such brain teasers as, 'How many points does a 3-point field goal account for in a Basketball Game?'" Fuck . Silly me for studying urlLink Oedipus at Colonus .

 Who Is Novak's Source? K Street is heating up once again as the election year approaches, as well it should. America is the last standing superpower in the world, and K Street, urlLink DC , is the center of that power. urlLink Editor and Publisher notes that Robert Novak's source will be named in the new autobiography of former Ambassador Joseph Wilson : "Sources say the embargoed title, The Politics of Truth , from Carroll & Graf, will reveal who tipped off syndicated columnist Robert Novak in July that Wilson's wife, Valerie Plame , worked for the CIA--a felony punishable by as many as ten years in prison--and the larger circumstances around the leak. The matter is the subject of a grand-jury investigation that has seen Novak, Wilson and a number of high-profile administration members questioned." Also in K Street news, the question as to who will replace Jack Valenti is up in the air. The ultra sleazy Washington lobbyist and MPAA head Jack V took a bit of an ass whipping at the hands of Federal Judge Michael B. Mukasey in New York recently. Citing "unlawful restraint of trade," that the MPAA's "screener ban" would significantly harm independent films, Mukasey granted a preliminary injunction, effective immediately, urlLink blocking the policy . Falling back on the old chesnut that screeners are major sources of piracy, we won't entertain the possibility that old Jack is trying to protect the Oscar from deserving independent films, who have cleaned the clocks of the tired, formulaic old studios. In other news, urlLink Louisiana Congressman Billy Tauzin dropped out of the running, and gave up his top contender position of taking over from urlLink Valenti . Why would a powerful Republican in the majority party even want to become head of the embattled MPAA? Well, the $1.03 million salary might be incentive. How about that sweet screening room at MPAA's Washington headquarters (perhaps third in coolness behind the White House screening room and Steven Spielberg's), then there are the orchestra seats at the Oscars, the urlLink limosine and driver , the office two blocks away from the White House, and first class travel to film festivals. Ah, the line between urlLink K Street and, er, uhm, urlLink K Street is blurred. urlLink The Hill notes two superhighpowered contenders for Valenti's job: "One is 12th-term Rep. David Dreier (R-Calif.), the chairman of the Rules Committee who headed the successful gubernatorial campaign of movie star Arnold Schwarzenegger and has been romantically linked to several movie actresses. "The other is even better known: White House National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice , who perhaps not so coincidentally was given a warm introduction at a Valentines Day party last month hosted by Bill Cohen , the former defense secretary and Republican senator from Maine." God, I wish urlLink K Street were still on. Finally, at the highest levels of power, it is no secret that Bush never forgave McCain for challenging him in the primary in 2000, became the media darling of the race, and made him spend some of his oil stained campaign booty in said primary. Well, the two are at it again, just like South Carolina, according to urlLink The Hill . Bush, attempting to be seen as even handed on the independent commission on intelligence, appointed McCain chair. Bad move, writes Alexander Bolton : " Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) is pushing the White House to give subpoena power to the independent commission President Bush created last month to investigate intelligence operations. "The administration has turned him down, but the senator is refusing to take no for an answer. "The clash reignites a bitterness first sparked when Bush and McCain fought for the GOP presidential nomination in 2000." Reignites? It never simmered down, dude.

 John Kerry's Manhood As if to make up for that whole lack of National Security street cred, the backers of the Democrats ( Jann Wenner in that infamous urlLink Rolling Stone cover of Al Gore ) try to insinuate that the nominee has a massive shlong. urlLink John Kerry is no different (link via urlLink Fleshbot via urlLink Wonkette ). They may not belive in the death penalty or military bases in every congressional district, but they have three legs.

 John Kerry's Manhood As if to make up for that whole lack of National Security street cred, the backers of the Democrats ( Jann Wenner in that infamous urlLink Rolling Stone cover of Al Gore ) try to insinuate that the nominee has a massive shlong. urlLink John Kerry is no different (link via urlLink Fleshbot via urlLink Wonkette ). They may not belive in the death penalty or military bases in every congressional district, but they have three legs.

 Tina on Nader "There was something perversely thrilling about the old Raider's decision not to do the decent thing and lie low (or even help the side he claims to be on)," writes urlLink Tina Brown in the Washington Post . "In an era when every politician's naked ego is muffled by euphemism, his bloody-minded announcement was the political version of unprotected sex. He is willing to trash his legacy to make a point about process." And then she delivers the coup de grace, like a jailhouse shiv between the ribs: "Crazy alpha-men in their waning years have a miserable time out of the limelight." Rarely do we agree with Tina, but that is so true .

 Oscar Night Romps urlLink Those intrepid 3AM Girls got the goods on the after-after Oscar party (wink-wink), you know , the parties that begin in private rooms at the Chateau Marmont after the drinks at Morton's makes everyone a little frisky. Apparently, Benicio del Toro , whose name, the 3AM Girls freely translate to mean, "Benny the Bull," was seen canoodling with the Lost in Translation star with the sexiest ass The Corsair believes he has ever seen: "Our spies caught the pair walking into the exclusive Chateau Marmont hotel on Sunset Boulevard at 3.30am with their arms wrapped around each other before getting into a lift to go somewhere a little more intimate. "'They didn't care who saw them,' says our source. 'They walked through the hotel lobby where there were quite a few people hanging about and didn't seem at all embarrassed to be spotted with their arms all over each other." The Corsair munches on salt-free popcorn and leans into his screen. "'It was quite extraordinary. She looks so young and he could easily pass for her dad. "'They then got into a lift together. At that time in the morning they couldn't have been heading to the hotel pool, put it like that. They were clearly going to the rooms. "'You would have thought they'd want their beauty sleep as the ceremony took place later that afternoon, but clearly not.' Puerto Rican Benicio, 37, apparently likes his ladies young. "The sexy actor once smooched with British supermodel urlLink Sophie Dahl at a New York club when she wasn't much older than his newest squeeze." urlLink Page Six Reports: " Naomi Campbell was making the rounds at Mortons with music mogul Steve Stoute , but word was out that she and 'Rush Hour' director Brett Ratner are an item perhaps be cause they were spotted coming out of the Beverly Hills Hotel the other day around noon." Ah, l'amour. Also: The 3AM Girls noted, in a side blind item: "WHICH showbiz bash host instructed door staff to confiscate mobile phones with cameras? He was so worried compromising piccies would get out he refused entry to anyone who wouldn't give their handsets in." Smart idea, but the enemy of bloggers. Was that Graydon Carter by any chance? And: Lizzie Spiers' urlLink Oscar Night Bonfire of the Vanities . And: urlLink The great Michael Musto sums up The Oscars. Thanks for the link Uncle Grambo! (Due to a heavy workload there will not be a blog tommorrow. Sorry for being sporadic, guys:( )

 Dasani Bottled Water is Tap Water In the beginning was the Jesus Juice, now urlLink The BBC reports that Coca Cola's experiment in bottled water, urlLink Dasani , the second biggest selling bottled water in the US, is actually nothing more than "purified" tap water. The Beeb reports: "Soft drink giant Coca-Cola has admitted it is selling purified tap water in a bottle. It says the source for its new Dasani bottled water is the mains supply at its factory in Kent. "The company says Dasani is 'as pure as bottled water gets' due to a 'highly sophisticated purification process'." And you thought Evian spelled backwards was naive? Just so long as no one messes with my urlLink Fiji water . That's my joint right there, straight or as a splash in my Cutty Sark . To paraphrase urlLink Ellen Rucker Carter , "FIJI is the truth!!!"

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : " Rob Lowe will play the lead role in the CBS drama series 'Dr. Vegas,' as the doctor at a hotel in, you guessed it, Vegas," reports urlLink Media Life . In the recent past Lowe has been employed as a Presidential speechwriter who leaves his job to run for Congress, a lawyer and now a doctor. We never would have guessed that the sax playing, hard boozing and partying urlLink Billy Hixx from St. Elmo's Fire would be such a yuppie professional with so many careers. He's a urlLink Man In Motion . Out : M & M's . Melts in your mouth not in your hands, righ? Wrong ! As Jeanette Walls of urlLink TheScoop writes: "Joan Rivers got into a turf war with the BBC. The caustic funnywoman was broadcasting her fashion critique from the red carpet at the Oscars for E! and kept butting heads and fighting over guests with a reporter for the BBC, says a source. "'Honestly, the BBC people were being sort of aggressive about grabbing [celebrities] and saying we?re in a live shot and then holding onto them forever,' says a source. 'Or they kept luring over guests who were talking to Joan by offering them urlLink M&Ms if they would stop talking to Joan and come over to talk to them. Joan and the BBC were bickering over Nicole Kidman for example. Joan was joking about it all, but it actually got pretty ugly at a few points.'" In : urlLink Hookers as a Vehicle to Win the Best Actress Oscar Ted Casablancas of E! Entertainment -- easily the shallowest television channel -- makes a fascinating point by way of telling us that Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz broke up. He says: "More reliable is the notion that chicks in Hollywood will forever play chickas for hire--and get Academy Award noms and wins out the wazoo for the privilege. You know the heady list: Elizabeth Taylor , Julia Roberts , Elisabeth Shue , Mira Sorvino , et al. "Now, didja think I wasn't gonna ask *( Jane Fonda ). about Charlize's 'murdering lady of the evening' Oscar nod? (After all, Jane-hon received her own gold playing a hooker in 1971's Klute .) She diplomatically said to moi, specifically in regard to Charlize, 'The Academy sees that it's a complex role to portray a woman who wasn't born a monster.'" Out : Split personalities. Apparently, Beyonce Knowles needs to put on a split persona act to get on stage and shake her ample booty, according to urlLink The Star . Louise Gannon writes: "Beyonce says it was a cousin of hers who first noticed that she became an entirely different person onstage. "'She came up with the name Sasha and it sort of stuck. Now, when I go onstage in one of my outfits, everyone around me calls me Sasha." "Without Sasha, Beyonce notes, 'you'd get a very different girl. There's no way I'd wear a short little dress [and] dance like that in front of all those people. Beyonce Knowles is really just a very quiet, shy little thing.'" Great .

 Lord of the Voting Academy Members With over 26,000 cast and crew, many of which are voting Academy members -- costumers, model builders, digital experts, lighting technicians, etc -- it is no wonder LOTR made an incredible 11 out of 11 sweep at the Oscars. urlLink Rush and Molloy quoted Sir Elton John , "It was the most boring Oscars I have ever seen,' he told us at the party he threw with InStyle magazine at Pearl. "'I thought there might be one surprise in the song category, but even there Lord of the Rings won. And I don't think it deserved to." Me neither, Elton. Poor (but wealthy) Harvey Weinstein , who urlLink let the film slip through his short fingers , like Melissa Rivers' slender foot busting through her Jimmy Choo last night, must be howling right about now for letting New Line take his lunch money. I imagine dreamily that he and embattled Disney CEO Michael Eisner -- who took some collateral hits as well -- are somewhere, possibly urlLink The Ivy , licking their wounds, counting their lumps, and bonding over the absurdity of it all: Michael Eisner : Shit, Harv. Bad night all around, huh. Harvey Weinstein : That's a fucking understatement, Mike. Eisner : urlLink Lotsa noise coming from my end. Weinstein : (embarrassed) Sorry, Mike, that was urlLink me (shoos his backside with a copy of Variety), Damned Wolfgang Puck and his fucking French Perigord black truffles ... too rich. Eisner : (covering his nose all of a sudden) oh, Harvey ... Weinstein : Hey, didja see The Lord of the Voting Academy Members sweep? Eisner : Evil genius, Harv; evil fuckin' genius. That business model reeked of Dark Lord Sauron. Weinstein : Takes one ta know one (laughs). Imagine sending a cast of 26,000 -- many of whom are Academy members -- to vote in the interest of their resumes. No wonder. Eisner : I took a beating last night too, Harv, if ya hadn't noticed. Weinstein : And urlLink Finding Nemo should have been spun as a win for Disney. You know you are half way to Ovitzville when Robin Williams of all people is comparing your company to "a Muppet and a water slide." Eisner : I have a lot of enemies, Harvey, what can I fuckin' say. urlLink I'm like an African dictator holding on to power . There are a lot of laid off and bitter animators out there looking to trap the mouse. Weinstein : Player haters, Mike; they are just playa hatin'. Eisner : As I always say, don't playa hate, congratulate. Weinstein: Or in my fuckin' case: don't playa hate, emulate . Next time around Miramax is financing a film with 50,000 Academy voting extras, I'm gonna be throwin my weight around. Bling-blinged freak terrorizes Tinseltown: Wait till they get a loada me!

 President Howard Stern? urlLink Howard Stern mentioned this morning that he may consider running for President. Of course he will not, ultimately, for several reasons, some of which are: 1) He will not reveal his current salary and IRS forms to the press, for fear that Thesmokinggun.com would pummel him. 2) He is past his prime and will not -- even if he registers new people to vote -- break 5 percent. 3) He would probably -- if he ran -- help reelect Bush, which is, for him, a nightmarish FCC scenario. 4) It would fuck up his ABC TV Barbara Walteresque deal, which begins in the spring, on a limited basis. Instead of running for President, Stern should (and could) broker a deal -- shnell! -- with Senator John Edwards for an endorsement before the Super Tuesday primary. Stern could give Edwards his endorsement -- in the best of all possible worlds --if the Senator promised to run to reform the FCC, for the better. This would have to be done on the morning show tommorrow in time to make a difference in the Super Tuesday primary. Time is of the essence here. Other than that, Nader could possibly swoop in and make the promise and get the Stern endorsement (*recoils in horror*). There is no doubt that this election will be one part economy, and one part cultural, with Stern on the one side, and Mel Gibson on the other, representing the twin polarities of our democractic life. Bush congenitally plays the culture card when the economy tanks, just like his daddy and the " urlLink Flag desecration " amendment. Note to John Edwards : Make this happen.

 A Little of The Old In and Out In : Not that I have anything against it (I'm not) -- but I'm curious about the culural significance of The Rise of White Africans as I, myself, am a black African-born blogger. First, there was the exotic Theresa Heinz , all over the cultural landscape, and now, out of nowhere, Charlize Theron . What's up, buttercup? Out: urlLink J-Lo's Tush . According to that significant cultural artifact the National Enquirer : " Dr. Richard Fleming , codirector of the Beverly Hills Institute of Aesthetic and Reconstructive Surgery, told Planet Tab: 'Hollywood thrives on youthfulness and influences how people all over the world judge beauty. And we're always surprised by our patients' top picks of celebrity features. "'Jennifer Lopez's lips are still considered appealing, but last year everyone wanted her butt - which now, no one ever asks for. That was last year's look. "'While a huge percentage of patients want to look like the strong classic beauties, such as Catherine Zeta- Jones and Charlize Theron , there are always those who request to look like the celebrities who might not be classic beauties, but are hot at the moment.'" In: urlLink Bill Murray . Always In. Out : Silly little freak and disgraced African American journo urlLink Jayson Blair's memoir of which, editornadpublisher.com writes, " the Daily News' Paul D. Colford pounced on (the memoir's bits), such as: 'Zuza [my girlfriend] took pictures of me prancing around the newsroom wearing a Persian head wrap that covered my face, Kermit the Frog on my shoulders and a giant fake fur coat. I did a full tour de newsroom in this peculiar uniform. It is hard to know what I was feeling, other than it was exhilarating to shock everyone. Perhaps I was crying out for attention.'" Out! In : Restless former designer/comic book writer/movie pusher/talk show host and snarky asshole Izaac urlLink Mizrahi gets a development deal. What the fuck is up with that? Is he going to do a reality show starring FIT students vying for a fashion show at the tents in Mid-Manhattan? And--the better question --how will that gain a national NBC audience? Anyhoo : Mizrahi got a deal (more than I can say), which, The Corsair predicts, will be seven figures thrown into the void by NBC, but, ultimately, a mahor windfall by Les Miz . Out : urlLink Kerry against free speech. Presidential hopeful Senator John Kerry is running on his bandylegs to the political center now that he has all but locked up the nomination, fleeing from Democratic principles such as free speech, in order to short the Bushies push for a "culture war" platform framed by social moderates and evangelicals over issues like gay marriage and The Passion of The Christ. In his center break, Kerry is tossing Stern over the bow like a hot potato. Great going, future President asshole! In : urlLink Forbes Gets Global and Grows Up. For years the Forbes 500 List looked like an alumni picture from last year's urlLink bohemian grove outing . A few years ago, those pasty Princetonians, embarrassed by the lack of billionaires in Africa that were not dictators (laissez faire works!), paired up Africa and the Middle East in their Forbes 500 listing. Well, now they are beginning to get it. Less pink bespectacled flesh and more color: The Corsair approves. Out : urlLink Robert Novak (link via urlLink Romenesko ), the maddening CNN personality who has inserted himself into the Valerie Plame Bush administration spy affair. Just name your source, Novak! No one will question your "journalistic principles" (a very 3am in the morning C-Span affair if you ask me) when you save US tax payers millions trying to ferret out the info via legal bills and congressional inquiry.

 On Bill Murray Sad day for The Corsair . I'm saddened by the fact that Bill Murray's probable last chance at the Oscars went poof. I'm right now working on urlLink Elizabeth Kubler Ross' stages of grief right now. I'm in the Yearning/Searching phase, so it is best that I refrain from bloggin on the topic until I can tranform the bitterness into something more constructive. :(

 McCain and Kerry: The Phantom Menace What is up with urlLink Senator John McCain's odd, mysterious flirtations with Kerry's presidential posse, from across the Senate Republican cloak room and, quite frankly, the "across party lines reciprocations" from the Kerry camp? It's like a modern day West Side Story , with MCcain, the former southwestern POW, a cagey jet, and preppy John Kerry, a shark. Like West Side Story, their choreography is complicated. And it has more than a touch of policial phantom menace . In other words, why is a Republican senator from a conservative southwestern state making oblique overtures towards the opposition presidential candidiate in an election year? Why are Bush and Kerry fucking with the President? urlLink Robert Novak , always ahead of the curve, offers us this tasty hunk of urlLink yellow cake : "In this winter of Republican discontent, the last thing the Grand Old Party needed last week was Sen. John McCain leaving the door open for him to be John Kerry's Vice Presidential running mate on the Democratic ticket. That opening was tiny, and McCain quickly had it closed with a bang. Nevertheless, the incident was disturbing to knowledgeable Republicans. "A Kerry-McCain ticket is out of the question, and nobody knows it better than McCain. Then why did he for several hours last Wednesday permit what the Associated Press described as 'a glimmer of hope' for this unlikely combination? It reflects more than the senator's indisputable propensity for mischief-making. At a time when George W. Bush needs help and support, McCain is opposing him on a broad front of issues from tax cuts to global warming." On urlLink ABC's Good Morning America recently, John McCain said, ''John Kerry is a close friend of mine. We have been friends for years. Obviously, I would entertain it.'' Say --- What?! Then, last week, as if out of the blue, urlLink Ben Smith of the salmon colored media bible The Observer wrote in a story that, "A close adviser to Republican Senator John McCain is informally advising Senator John Kerry on his Presidential bid and may go to work for the Democrat's campaign." Hmmm. There are higher forces at work here. A phantom menace. The man in question, the Texan urlLink John Weaver , was political director to Mr. McCain?s failed 2000 campaign against the President. So what's going on? One imagines an "impromptu" meeting with the President in the West Wing. Hmmm: President Bush : May the campaign contributions be with you, my padawan, how are you today? John McCain : Well, I'm not feeling too welcome with the urlLink Republicans , of late. Where's the love? The President : Really, John, sorry to hear that. What's all this crazy talk I hear about you as Kerry's running mate? Senator McCain : It's just speculation. I'm trying to put the kibosh on it once and for all, Mr. President. The President : That's good, John. Patience . Use the Force ... think. Senator McCain : Sorry, Mr. President. The President : Here, you dropped this (hands McCain his Republican Party membership card .) Senator McCain : Thank you, Mr. President. The President : (fatherly) Next time try not to lose it. Senator McCain : Thank you, Mr. President The President : (anxious) This weapon is your life! Senator McCain : (frustrated) I try , Mr. President. The President : (dejected) Why do I get the feeling you're going to be the election defeat of me? Senator McCain : (vehement) Don't say that, Mr. President. You're the closest thing to a leader I have. The President : (sadly) Then why don't you listen to me ? Senator McCain : (at last ...) I am trying , Mr. President. And a Preview from our next Corsair episode : McCain meets the dry, stately Kerry in his private campaign bunker, who declares, benignly , to the Arizona Republican, "You don't need Presidential guidance, John. In time, you will learn to trust your feelings. Then, you will be invincible. I have said it many times, you are the most gifted Senator I have ever met." McCain : Thank you, Mr. Nominee . Kerry : I see you becoming the greatest of all the Senators, John. Even more powerful urlLink Bill Clinton ." to be continued

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Jack Shaeffer . Shaeffer urlLink spanks Jayson Blair in urlLink The New York Times Book Review , with just the right amount of english on the paddle to give everyone a satisfying conclusion, after our loong hard slough of media navel gazing re: his -- his -- plagerism. And although we are a little upset at his urlLink recent tirade , which I think is unfair against my comrades, my amigos in media and political snark urlLink Gawker and urlLink Wonkette , here, at least, he squarely gets Blair for the allegedly unrepentant tone of the book ( ed note : I have not read the book, nor do I plan to, but every reviewer I've read agrees that the tone is not repentant, as is it on his other media interviews, which I have seen). But Schaeffer, hey! lighten up on the Edward Murrow judgements on Wonkette and Gawker , who leave me glad at heart in those hungover mornings, not sad of heart, as you say. I have to give the man some credit: Jack Shaeffer was all over the mediascape this week . So was urlLink Editor and Publisher . Those guys worked it this week, turning out the most interesting -- and ethical -- questions to Blair, and holding his feet to the fire over his answers. Out : urlLink Liz Clairbourne Aims to Replace Martha Stewart . The vultures are circling the urlLink disbudded golden Guernsey , Martha Stewart. Michael Flaherty of Reuters urlLink writes : "Sofas, love seats and armoires are joining sweaters, slacks and blouses under the Liz Claiborne brand, as the clothing designer guns for big-name rivals including Martha Stewart with a planned September launch of a full furniture line. " Liz Claiborne last year signed an agreement with home furnisher Lexington Home Brands for 140 furniture items. Liz Claiborne Home products already offers floor coverings and bed and bath merchandise, and last month hired Block wares LLC to design and manufacture home organizing products. "'This is an opportunity to replace Martha Stewart ,' said Barbara Friedman , president of licensing for New York-based urlLink Liz Claiborne Inc. Stewart, the lifestyle trendsetter, was convicted last week of lying about a stock trade, and rivals are taking aim at her media and household goods company urlLink Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia . Look out, Martha!Don't take a shower alone ("and that's not a good thing"!)! But as even as the girl gangs in urlLink Danbury, CT are salivating for a tussel, targeting you , look to your home! Watch your back! Liz Clairbourne is casing the joint! In : Suge Knight's Uncut. Just yesterday it was noted that Russell Simmons is retiring (thank god!) the godawful advertisement for himself, that -- that thing , called urlLink Oneworld Magazine (hey Russell , cornbread, how about one last Kimora cover feature for the road?) . Well, Suge Knight has plans to launch another urban title in its stead, reports the urlLink Page Sixers : " MARION 'Suge' Knight wants to start his own magazine. According to allhiphop.com, the founder of Tha Row Records wants to release Uncut , a part-hip-hop, part-tabloid publication. 'Suge wants to do it,' a source told the Web site. 'The major obstacle is that there is a British publication by the same name, so a name change might happen.' Knight will start work on the magazine when he gets out of jail next month. He was sent back to prison in June of 2003 on a parole violation." Out : Suge Knight's possible ties to a cannibal rapper. Folk's ... I couldn't make this up if I tried . According to the previously mentioned allhiphop.com , "(Suge's) Death Row provided drugs to Anton 'Big Lurch' Singleton , who is charged with the grizzly murder of a 21 year-old Los Angeles, California area woman." Knight told Reuters that he knows nothing of Singleton, offering this insight on the motivation behind the attempt to smear the name of Death Row -- which, of course, is sterling . (Affects Boston Brahmin accent) My dear, everyone who is everyone knows that Death Row is to music what urlLink Skidmore, Owings and Merrill is to architecture, lo ultimo . "They're just looking to get paid," Knight told urlLink allhiphop.com . "It's not only just slander. It's fraud." urlLink Allhiphop.com reports: "( Anton 'Big Lurch' Singleton ) is urlLink on trial for the murder of Tynisha Ysais , 21. Ysais was found her apartment with her chest ripped open. According to testimony, Singleton and Ysais' boyfriend Thomas Moore , spent the evening prior to the murder smoking PCP. "On Friday (April 11), Ysais' mother, Carolyn Stinson filed a wrongful deat lawsuit in Los Angeles Superior Court against Stress Free Records and Knight's Death Row Records, claiming that both provided Singleton drugs in an attempt to make him more marketable as a 'gangsta rap' artist. "Authorities later arrested a disoriented Singleton as he wandered down the street nude, covered in blood." urlLink Nolan Strong continues, horrifyingly: "Later testing revealed human flesh in his stomach. When Ysais body was discovered, her lungs were exposed and had been chewed on. "Stinson's lawyer also appeared to back away from the allegations leveled at Death Row in the lawsuit. "'We're continuing to investigate,' McKesson said. 'If it turns out that Death Row is right -- that there is no connection, we will drop them (from the lawsuit) immediately.'" Yikes. And now, from the cannibals to the coutouriers: In : urlLink No Man Can Serve Two Masters . urlLink Vanessa Friedman of the Financial Times takes us deep within the urlLink wine dark ermine robes of the fashion industry, examining the latest crease: "For the last decade, conventional wisdom has held that the shortcut to brand success was to appoint a designer with an already existing line and identity to a stagnant label and watch both grow; by contrast today's PPR appointments say one designer cannot serve two brands, and talent is grown, not bought. "'At one point it was the model for a designer to start their own line and develop it and then be snatched up by a large house,' says urlLink Floriane de Saint Pierre , president and general director of Floriane de Saint Pierre Associates , a fashion and luxury executive search firm. In exchange for creative contributions to a pre-existing brand, the designer would receive investment in their own brand and management aid. 'But how do you split your time? Your creativity?'" Short answer: you can't . At least not well. Out : urlLink What if Prince William Came to Live in New York For a Year? Apparently someone forgot to tell William Nowich that we beat the British during the end of the 18th century in a little somethig-something called the American Revolution. Hello? Anyhoo : What would William do by way of a job? Norwich guesses, "Editorial assisting at royalty-friendly Vanity Fair would serve nicely." ''I wouldn't put a royal below 14th Street,'' says the real estate broker Linda Stein . ''Uptown is safer. The prince needs to get to an airport fast, just in case. He also needs something where the lobby is not too busy. He needs something with a discreet entrance.'' Okay , I'll admit, Norwich entertained me on that little divertissement. In : Owen Wilson enjoying the perks of fame. Well, Owen was everywhere this week (see blog below), even popping up in, of all places, urlLink the New York Times Men's Fashion supplement, in Rome , interviewed by Josh Patner , who writes: "(Owen) Wilson is no wide-eyed hick. Writers have called him a ''big-popcorn movie star' and 'bankable headliner.' He is an actor who has it all: down-home folksiness and art-house weight, megaplex sex appeal and a deep sense of complex characters. His peculiarly deadpan delivery (he sounds like an old-time character actor playing a boozy cowboy) and versatile presence on screen (he can be ironic and naive) have made for a charmed career. 'Bottle Rocket,' his first film, a crime caper written with Anderson, who also directed, was screened at the urlLink Sundance Film Festival in 1993. 'It's kind of incredible,' he says, a toothpick twirling in his teeth. 'Wes and I were friends in school; we'd go see two movies a night. Wes worked in the projection booth, so we went for free. And here we are at Cinecitta, where Scorsese filmed. It's good, man.'" You lucky dog, Owen. Out : Will Hillary be Veep in 2004? Although she may win him Arkansas -- possibly -- the Dems need a stronger regional candidate, and New York is a foregone conclusion, a given, even if Dubya picks Giuliani to stand in for an "ailing" Dick Cheney . But strategist urlLink Dick Morris seems to think that a Veep spot is the last chance for Hillary to fulfil her Presidential potential. He writes: "If Kerry wins in 2004, he will very likely seek re-election. The last time a president served four years and didnt try to succeed himself was back in 1880 and the president was urlLink Rutherford B. Hayes . So, unless Hillary wants to try to mount the first successful challenge to a presidential renomination since urlLink Gene McCarthy forced urlLink Lyndon Johnson into retirement in 1968, she will have to sit out the 2008 contest. "Should Kerry be re-elected, his vice president will probably be the Democratic candidate in 2012. All five times, since 1960, that a vice president sought the nomination for president after his party controlled the White House for at least two terms he has gotten it ( urlLink Richard Nixon in 1960, urlLink Hubert Humphrey in 1968, urlLink Gerald Ford in 1976, George H.W. Bush in 1980, Al Gore in 2000). That means that Hillary would be out in the cold until at least 2016 and, if the Democrat won and was re-elected, until 2020. Shell be 73 by then." "... And dont kid yourself; the decision is Hillarys to make. The Clintons still control the Democratic Party. If Hillary wants to run for vice president, Kerry has to go along. For him to spurn the former first lady would be to cause a schism in the party. Hell be pulling knives out of his back for the entire race." In : urlLink Kerry's Proposed Lincoln-Douglas style Debates . urlLink Locking up the Democratic Party nomination, John Kerry has an interesting proposition. Fascinating, really: hold a series of Lincoln-Douglas style debates across this polarized country and let the people decide. The idea comes through Massachusetts (the historic urlLink Silber versus William Weld Gubernatorial race), by way of urlLink Ilinois 1858 . The Lincoln-Douglas Debates are, perhaps, our most noble rhetorical moment -- moreso than the urlLink debates surrounding the Articles of Confederation , I believe. urlLink Lincoln's "House Divided" speech ("A house divided against itself cannot stand. I believe this government cannot endure, permanently, half slave and half free.") places him as a sort of Moses for Modernity, certainly for African Americans. The President sets himself up as a bold and principled Everyman, so, in theory at least, he cannot back down or lose some of his edge. Kerry gains in that the exposure -- on equal footing with the President of the last superpower -- feuls his candidacy. It also solves the cash gap of the corporations and the right. If Kerry scores in a debate, the free positive publicity for him, and the free negative publicity for the president would be, if you'll excuse the term, "priceless." Out : urlLink Luciano Pavarotti . Not a fan. Never was. He was cheesy. So, I'll "excavate" an old blog, from December 13, 2003, that tells my feelings better than I could myself: "Right off the bat I am not going to say that I am a fan of Opera as a species , per se, although the early operas of Monteverdi have moved me, what with their odd sense of acceleration of pace and repetitions of phrase. I have found myself caught in the funk, so to speak, on those occasions, and have been known to move my midsection vigorously, to oscillate wildly, like Courtney Cox in that godawful urlLink Springsteen video . No, I really didn't but it sounded interesting, didn't it? No? What ever . Not that Luciano Pavarotti would ever include Early Music in his pre-processed cheesy repertoire. So, as you can guess, I do not see the need for his physical coming-to-be in Western Civilization, although I am vaguely aware that he actually does exist. He's big with bored housevives in the Midwest, isn't he ? Anyhoo: The big man urlLink got all pimped out for his wedding to his 30-year old ex-secretary, Nicoletta Mantovani ( ed note : this is from December 2003). How cliche is that, anyway ? And with The Corsair , the only sins are sins of cliche ... and tackiness ... and Pavarotti is the king of tackiness; his tack is very very nessy . We like to call him Louche -iano Pavaratti, in my little media precinct of one. The dyed jet-black beard is highly implausible, my sweet readers -- highly! --and that fake ever-present smile (sotto voce) so fake , creeps us out. And then there's that cheesy Three Tenors video where Arnold Shwarzenegger sits in the front row, fairly busting out his tuxedo, applauding loudly, sweet, sweet sophisticated readers: That was the moment that Oswald Spengler so tragically predicted, rendered agonically in Decline of the West . Yuck! Reuters reports: "'Alice joyfully invites you to the wedding of daddy Luciano and mummy Nicoletta,' read the invitation from the couple's 11-month-old daughter." A babymommy . They continue: "A host of stars, including Irish rocker Bono and Italian singer Zucchero , turned out for the wedding which was eagerly anticipated by Italian gossip magazines and television chat shows." Well, if Zucchero was there, then it must indeed have been the thing to do on that particular evening. But the true story -- and The Corsair is nothing if not a bloodhound on the search for scoop -- lies with Adua , jilted wife number one. Somewhere the urlLink well-paid Adua is speaking of things Pavarotti from behind clenched teeth and making broad and fast arm movements as is the Italian manner when emotional issues are involved. And boy would I like a translator to decipher that scoop. Because we all understand the language of jilt. What? You mean you've never excavated the archaeology of "dumped"? It's just me being bitter? Okay (gets highly agitated) ... : whatever . Owen Wilson: Behind Enemy Lines in Stripclub Armageddon urlLink Britain's 3AM Girls have the gift that keeps on giving -- pipin' hot scoop! And you thought I was going to say something naughty, didn't you? (winks slyly) Anyhoo : Owen Wilson is the stud of the moment, according to the 3AM Girls, and, I think, the beautiful urlLink Jen Chung (heart flutters), who urlLink goes on about him in Gothamist . At the UK premier of Starsky and Hutch , Wilson made like it was the 70s all over again at London's nightclub Trap , and wound up "inviting a dozen girls back to his hotel to continue the party." urlLink Keep on truckin', big man Then, urlLink as the 3AM Girls note , things took a rather sinister turn: "... Although Owen was the centre of attention at the bash, it was a different story the night before, when he visited lapdancing club urlLink Sophisticats and tried to make a move on a blonde dancer named Crystal . "Owen soon found his fame had little effect on the object of his affection. In fact, her furious husband called us to name and shame Owen for breaking the club's 'no touching' rules. "'Owen beckoned her over and asked for a dance, and, at first, he just seemed to be enjoying himself like any other punter,' the hubby told us. "'But then he started trying to chat her up and asked if she wanted to come to the premiere.' "The sexy strumpet laughed off his advances but Owen didn't take the hint ..." The Corsair plays sinister crime-reality shjoe "reinactment music." *shivers* "'He started touching her, putting his hands on her bottom,' continued her angry hubby, who asked to remain nameless. She stood up and told him: 'No, no, no! You're not allowed to touch me - that's against the rules .' He wasn't happy about the rejection. "'He got in a sulk, paid for the dance and stormed out." "That must have been a disappointment for his companions for the evening, (Ben) Stiller and comedian Steve Coogan . "'He's just lucky he got to walk out, if security had seen him he'd have been thrown out - and if I'd been there, I'd have knocked him out,' added our outraged spouse. "We're sure the babes he met at (the Starsky and Hutch ) bash more than made up for his embarrassment." Oh Owen, what would urlLink J.C. say about your boorish behavior?

 Barbara Streisand: "Mother Focker"! urlLink According to Reuters , Babs Streisand, everyone's favorite egocentric diva, is in final negotiations to play Ben Stiller's mom in the sequel to the wildly popular "Meet The Parents:" "The sequel, 'Meet the Fockers,' is set to go into production April 5 with Jay Roach back as director. The film is slated for release on Dec. 22, the studio spokesman said. " ... Stiller starred in the original box office hit film as accident-prone male nurse Greg Focker, who goes through hell when he visits the childhood home of his intended fiance, Pam Byrnes to meet her mother and father (played by Robert Deniro ) an overly protective former CIA agent with a lie-detector in the basement. Greg ultimately wins them over. "In the sequel, a clash of cultures ensues when the straight-laced, conservative Byrnes family meets the liberal, relaxed Fockers." Didn't we all know all along that Barbara Streisand was a Mother Focker ?

 Neil Strauss Dumps The Old Grey Lady urlLink Gred Lindsay of WWD informs us that Neil Strauss is giving The Old Grey Lady the old heave 'ho , and it's probably better for all involved in that sordid mess. He'd been doing a three way with Old Lady and Jenna Jameson , but something had to give way, in the , uhm, end . And when it's a choice between and Old Grey Lady and a Young Blonde Starlet , *snaps* well, you know how 'tis . Lindsay explains: " urlLink Neil Strauss , the music critic who signed up to ghostwrite porn star Jenna Jamesons memoirs without telling his superiors first, is leaving the paper to work on his book projects. 'Neil has resigned, and I have regretfully accepted his resignation,' said cultural news editor Steve Erlanger . "While Erlanger insisted that the Jameson affair hadnt come between them, it is certainly hard to imagine the Times tolerating the (fully clothed) cameo in Jamesons next film that Strauss was reportedly considering. Strauss will theoretically continue to write for the Times as a freelancer, but not regularly, and his critics slot will be filled. 'He made the choice to concentrate on these larger projects,' Erlanger said in a telephone interview." Affair? Coming between them? Larger projects ? Why not call a spade a spade Erlanger, Strauss is pursuing urlLink larger "assets ," if ya nah whatta mean. Silicon enhanced assets, cornbread. Lindsay continues: "Besides Jamesons book, entitled urlLink 'How to Make Love Like a Porn Star ,' Strauss is writing another book based on his January first-person piece on being tutored in the art of picking up women. Columbia Pictures has already bought the film rights for the low six figures." Hmmm . I wonder how Strauss decided to leave the Times: INT. NY TIMES HEADQUARTERS RESTROOM. DAY REPORTER NEILL STRAUSS TO NO ONE IN PARTICULAR Boy, Man, that Old Grey Boss Lady takes good care of my sorry ass. How cool is that? And older women are insatiable, you can't go wrong. She's okay and East Coast respectable and all that, but I'm a wild and innocent youth . I need to sow my oats with some tighter flesh. I wish I could find someone younger. The Old Gray Lady, she's just a little bit country, and I'm a little bit rock and roll ... (sighs) JENNA JAMESON ENTERS IN PINK SHORT SHORTS I think I took a wrong turn somewhere. This is such a big building. STRAUSS Nah, honey, you took the right turn JENNA Oh dear , I can't believe I got lost in the men's room . Can you help me get to HarperCollins? I'm writing a hardback ... NEILL STRAUSS , sort of half-sliding and half-oozing from the chair. I'll show you a hard back , baby. urlLink music seeps SEX SCENE ONE The two are interrupted by urlLink Jayson Blair , YOUNG BUCK, walking in without knocking, prancing around the newsroom wearing a Persian head wrap that covered my face, Kermit the Frog on his shoulders and a giant fake fur coat. Oh, excuse me, is there anyone in this men's room that wants to swap sexual favors for crack? Are ... -- wait. What are you two doing ? That's so hot , it's urlLink burning down my master's house . JENNA JAMESON Sweetie, why don't you come on over here and have a piece of this Metro Section? STRAUSS Yeah, the more the merrier, it's all Arts and Liesure in here. As they say, all the news that's fit to ... (Abrupt Sven Nykvist close up as The Old Grey Lady walks in, angry) What is the meaning of this ?! STRAUSS, BLAIR and JAMESON all look frightened into the camera. Freeze screen. 70s porn music and fade away. End credits

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Penelope Cruz . According to Ted Casablancas , Penelope Cruz either is or is not still going out with Tom Cruise (thanks Teddy). Whatever the case, Cruz is reeling over yesterday's disgusting terrorist attacks in Spain. According to urlLink Rush and Molloy : "'She's very upset about it,' her rep told us yesterday. 'Penelope is in Rome, promoting her movie Don't Move . She's been on the phone with friends and family, making sure they're all okay. We think everyone is safe.'" Out : Britney Murphy . Okay, is it just me or is there something really, really scary about those big haunting brown eyes of Britney Murphy, peering out from that gigantic little old lady head. I didn't want to say this out loud, but she really creeps me out, she harshes on my mellow . Apparently my instincts were correct. urlLink Jeannette Walls writes : "Some reporters got more than they bargained for when they tried to interview Brittany Murphy at a recent junket. "(Murphy) ... was in the U.K. promoting her new flick, 'Uptown Girl,' when she shocked journalists with what one source describes as 'really erratic behavior.' At one point, Murphy lay down on the floor, declared that she was tired of everyone looking at her, and put a napkin on her face. She also reportedly grabbed a reporters hand, told her she looked cold, clasped and rubbed it, until the flummoxed journalist asked Murphy to release her hand so she could write. One TV crew left in despair, according to a report, after failing to get an interview because Murphy kept bursting into song rather than answer questions. "Murphys rep initially denied the reports, calling them 'ridiculous' and telling The Scoop that she was with the star throughout the junket. When pressed, however, she conceded that she was outside the room for some of the interviews. 'Brittanys just a really sweet person,' the spokeswoman told The Scoop. 'You know how some people have that wall built? Shes very warm and welcoming. Shes an outgoing person. Shes not one of those people who sits there cold in a chair.' Freak! In : Patrick Swayze . He's so in he was never out; Patrick Swayze is the new black: he's like the wind . urlLink According to Fashion Wire Daily , "For a few excitable patrons of Miamis Soho Lounge this past Saturday night, the eventual question of the evening was 'Where is Patrick Swayze now?' Seemingly the most absurd celebrity sighting possible at the Revolver party, a weekly indie rock and dance party in the hip but quiet Design District neighborhood, it nonetheless inspired a handful of clubgoers to traipse through various rooms inside the club in search of the famous actor." Seriously, though, lets all rally together to reignite Swayze's career. Then, maybe, we can do a little something-something for "The Gute" Steve Gutenberg . Out : Crack is out. Way out. Don't you listen to Whitney Houston? (sotto voce) Crack is wack. Apparently urlLink 96 year old Julia Roberts wasn't listening to Whitney's aria. Oh, no: and look what happened. The senior, born February 3, 1908 , at the turn of the century, back when horse drawn buggies sped across the landscape, "was busted Monday along with a few younger relatives/cohorts for running a drug operation out of her home." The guys at smokinggun work hard for their money, and we never treat them right. In : urlLink Editor and Publisher . The guys at Editor and Publisher, Greg Mitchell in particular, really got out and grabbed the Jayson Blair story. They asked the tough questions of Blair, of the media, and of the people who were supposed to be tough, but ended up soft -- Chris Matthews , Bill O'Rielly , Larry King . Editor and Publisher had a strong hard week of media reporting, enjoy the weekend, you deserve it. Out : urlLink John McCain as Kerry's running mate . How many times did the poor guy have to denounce that rumor? He did it on Stephanopouos , guys. And yet all week the whisper became audible chatter became shouting and, finally, yesterday, the Republican Senator of Arizona put an end to the speculation. Just like he already did on Sunday on Stephanopoulos.

 Ted Casablancas and Casablanketyblank Nobody does it better . Ah, the art of saying nothing tantalizingly, that is the peculiar art that is performed daily online by E! television's Ted Casablancas . Sometimes urlLink E! Online gossip Ted Casablancas is very hard to understand, is all I'm saying ... and that is precisely how he likes to play his game; the harder it is do decipher what I call Casablanketyblank , the harder it is to figure out The Awful Truth : that Teddy's online column is a very thin gruel indeed, with little in the form of tasty scoop. Teddy Casablancas speaks a strange language all his own, one part LA -- or, as he calls it "Hell A", and one part just plain wierd . He speaks in a breathy tone of familiar first names, suggesting insider knowledge, drawing you in, holding your attention with the surnames, making you cool by implication because you are hip enough to Tom and Nic and Cameron and Justin and Charlize . Then, when he has our rapt attention, our cool by implication shared gaze, Teddy spins us left and right, dropping a snarky hint, and then, just as quickly, withdrawing it, covering his ass by taking the devil's advocate position and, before you know it, you know exactly as much about the stars as when you did when you began reading his column, that fruitless task once perceived as so rewarding. In the following snatch of Casablanketyblank , I think Teddy's saying that Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman's people are on the way to some brokered "get together." Either that, or Tom and Nicole do not want to get back together. You see what I mean: how fucked up his game is ? Seriously Teddy, have you ever considered a career at the State Department? The UN? Cause, you've got skillz man: " Tom and Penlope , according to Camp Nicole , are having troubles of their own that have nothing to do with their amorous feelings--or lack thereof, perhaps--for each other. Further clandestine chitchat led me to the following conclusion: "I think we have another Justin-Cameron sitch on our hands. In other words, some members of Nicole's inner circle are so against Ms. K. reuniting with Mr. C. that I'd bet the hookup never takes place. It's that contentious. "Similar sorry sitches occur between Just 'n' Cam, as I've alerted you previously. "And before everybody starts bemoaning the above couple's expected split, just remember: Paris 'n' Nick rose again like the Phoenician fun-lovers they are, right? Okay, maybe it was just a little minispark, but you get the detracting drift, I'm sure." I'm sure

 Jaco has KFC for every Lunch and Dinner! Apparently Michael Jackson can't get enough of the Colonel's secret recipe. Private jet time is KFC time for the famously reclusive star. According to urlLink Ananova : "Jackson demands the urlLink Colonel's KFC original chicken breasts to go with mashed potato, corn and biscuits with spray butter, according to travel documents seized by police. "According to urlLink The Evening Standard the records are from a chartered flight on September 1 last year carrying Jackson, a cousin, lawyer, nanny and three children. "The singer's food and drink preferences are listed for himself, nanny and children. He has additional food available at breakfast such as fruit, scrambled eggs, lox (smoked salmon) and bagels, but lunch and dinner remains solely the Colonel's domain. "However, the document adds: 'If travelling for a number of consecutive days, will try other forms of chicken but still would like the KFC.' However, the newspaper says the star's young children, Prince and Paris, have a much stricter diet. They are forbidden peanut butter, sugar, chocolate and chicken skin. "Toddler Prince Michael II is reportedly always fed by his nanny, Grace , and he also gets KFC - cut up into pieces - in addition to crackers, grapes and juice or milk. "Jackson rarely eats pudding. The document adds: 'Will ask for a sundae one out of 10 times you fly with him.' He also bans 'broccoli and strong-scented food'. Read the rest urlLink here . Okay, let's recap: 1) Although Jacko's breakfast includes fruit, scrambled eggs, lox and bagels, his lunch and dinner are exclusively KFC. 2) 'If travelling for a number of consecutive days, (Jacko) will try other forms of chicken but still would like the KFC.' 3) Prince and Paris , have a much stricter diet. They are forbidden peanut butter, sugar, chocolate and chicken skin. (scratches head at chicken skin and the psychological implications) 4) Toddler Prince Michael II (the writer tries not to crack up) gets KFC cut into strips, crackers, grapes and juice or milk. 5) Jackson rarely eats pudding. Jesus Christ what a freak! I can understand the KFC and the chicken skin, but no urlLink Yorkshire Pudding with the bacon drippings? For shame! Actually, this all reminds me of my January 6, 2004 blog on Trump that throws light on why Jacko was nervous visiting a swishy restaurant with trump (of course! no KFC!): Everyone's favorite follicle-challenged short fingered vulgarian has an interesting story in his book urlLink Trump: The Art of the Comeback , which could just as easily have been called the art of the urlLink weave . Anyhoo : The Donald sayeth: One of my most interesting Mar-a-Lago experiences involved the turmoil over Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie Presley . Michael was a friend of mine and a very good guy-- but very different. It began in New York, when I got a call from him one day, saying he would be coming to the city and would like to get together. He often called to say hello when he came to New York. This time I invited him out to Le Cirque, one of the great restaurants of New York, headed by a master, Siro Maccioni. (Michael) was very nervous about going to a restaurant; in fact, he said, he hadn't been to a restaurant in years. I found this hard to believe, but after we arrived, I could see it was true. "This was in the early 90s, at the height of the Michael Jackson madness, and I don't believe I have ever seen a star as hot as Michael was at that time. When Michael, Marla, and I walked into Le Cirque, some of the biggest people in the universe were seated having dinner. These people who have seen it all. They are rich, they are spoiled and they are snooty. I will never forget as Michael sat down in his red military outfit with a large black hat and picked up the menu. It was as if he had never seen a menu before, and we carefully went over each item. But what was most amazing were the looks on the faces of the most distinguished people in the room as they came over to our table practically begging for an autograph. "These are people who have never asked for anyones autograph before and I can guarantee you, it was not easy for them to do. They would always start by saying, I have a son who is abig fan of yours, Mr. Jackson. Could you give him an autograph? But I believe it was for them, not their sons. One woman, one of the most socially prominent women in New York, known for her attitude, approached our table, trying to look cool, then slightly tripped. She grabbed the table for support and asked in the same breath, 'Mr.Jackson can I have your autograph?' It was amazing to see this woman, who I have known for years, so flustered and nervous."

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Jennifer Garner . As urlLink Medialife reports, " 'Alias' star Jennifer Garner has made the switch from playing a spy on television to recruiting spies for the CIA. Garner will be featured in a video on the agencys employment web site. The CIA chose her to represent its organization because, as stated on the CIA web site, the character she plays embodies the integrity, patriotism and intelligence the CIA searches for when recruiting." Now, Garner may be a slice o' heavenly yellow cake and all, but what's her game? You'll remember that Garner also hosted the urlLink Scientific and Technical Awards on Feb. 14 at the Ritz Carlton Huntington Hotel in Pasadena. Is she angling to leverage the geek stalker material position currently left vacant by urlLink Gillian Anderson . Or maybe it is an elaborate plot to get her own Star Trek show. Out : Ron Galotti . I've fucked with Galotti majorly in my little media blog, but I'm sad to see him go. urlLink Keith Kelly reports , " Ron Galotti , the real-life 'Mr. Big' who was played by actor Chris Noth in 'Sex and the City,' is selling everything and leaving Gotham. "'I bought the farm,' he told Media Ink . His new home will be a 100-acre farm in Pomfret, Vt., just outside of Woodstock. "The departure of one of the most important publishers in the business over two decades comes six months after his stormy departure - the third in his career- from glitzy, glamorous Conde Nast , where he was most recently publisher of GQ . "The 55-year-old former executive says he looks back fondly but has no intention to return. 'I've had a great run, I wouldn't change a thing,' he said." Oh Ron, now who will we bitchslap when it's a slow week? In : Anderson Cooper is in, very, very in. Ben Affleck , whose career is in a serious nose dive, was quoted giving a nasty remark to the urlLink always excellent Rush and Molloy . "Asked why (Affleck) urlLink went on the Howard Stern show in December, Affleck quips: 'With Howard, you know what you're getting. It's not CNN, where there's some snide p- named urlLink Anderson Cooper pretending to do real news." Cooper this week also earned high praise from Our fearless Leader, urlLink Choire Sicha , class president of the blogger set, in the urlLink salmon colored pages of The Observer, saying, among other things, "At a time when cable news is a cesspool of partisan shit-stirring, rehashed war feed and cheery, white-toothed weatherman smiles, Mr. Cooper distinctly stands out. Hes turning out to be something even more unexpectedand much more compellingthan the Gen-X sex symbol/anchor of his do-me CNN marketing: the return of the TV journalist as humanist." You go, Anderson. Out : urlLink OneWorld Magazine . That glossy tribute to Russ' ego is capt. No more loving interviews and cover features on the boss' wife, the absurd Kimora Simmons . According to urlLink Rush and Molloy , "(Russell) Simmons ... had some bad news on the publishing front. His OneWorld magazine has folded. The nine-year-old mag about hip-hop culture was said to be having serious financial problems. Simmons blamed the shutdown on the departure of publisher John Pasmore , adding that 'we plan to relaunch OneWorld in the near future.'" No, please don't Russell. In : urlLink Emptyhanded.com via urlLink Two-Twenty.net via urlLink TMFTML . James Allenspach is an evil genius. Jesus on the cross, listening to --? I'd guess Norah Jones, cause Jesus had that "in touch with his feminine side" flow about him. Out : The Practice. Apparently, this will be news to all seven people who still watch this show, but Nellie Andreeva of urlLink The Hollywood Reporter reports that the show is done. " David E. Kelley's Emmy-winning legal drama 'The Practice' will bow out May 16 after eight seasons. "The final episodes of the ABC show will set up a spinoff series, which has been given a 22-episode order by the network for the fall." I don't think I have ever watched a single episode of this show. In : The Colorado Senate race will be the most closely watched and competetive in, perhaps, the nation's history. As urlLink Peter Savodnik writes in The Hill , "Rep. Bob Beauprez (R-Colo.) is in the middle of a classic political dilemma: The White House is urging him to run for the seat held by urlLink Sen. Ben Nighthorse Campbell (R-Colo.) while House Republican leaders are pressing him to hold on to the seat he narrowly won in 2002." Actually, Beauprez "spent more than $1.8 million to eke out a 121-vote victory." In other words, if he runs for the Senate, the Democrats will pick it up faster than Colin Farrell at a Playboy Mansion party. And the Senate race is just as hot in this battleground for power in the capitol of the world's last standing superpower. Rumored to be thinking of a run is philosopher king urlLink Gary Hart . State urlLink Attorney General Ken Salazar and software entrepreneur urlLink Rutt Bridges , who is expected to spend $10 million on the race, have all already announced their candidacies. urlLink Rep. Mark Udall (D-Colo.) pulled out, and, on the Republican side, rising star urlLink Tom Tancredo , who has made a name for himself in Republican power circles by an intense anti-immigration platform (he's to the right of Pat Buchanan if such a space exists). Out : Jude Law , neatfreak. According to that urlLink significant cultural artifact Star Magazine , Jude Law is a neatfreak. They write, "Jude Law is telling friends he's so frustrated with his girlfriend, Alfie co-star urlLink Sienna Miller , 21, he wants to break up. The reason? Seems Jude has a lot in common with Felix Ungar from The Odd Couple -- obsessed with order and cleanliness. A source says the 31-year-old can't stand the fact that Sienna is so completely disorganized. 'Jude lines up the shoes in his wardrobe, arranges his clothes according to color. He keeps all the papers on his desk neatly stacked and his pencils sharpened. He also freaks out if there's anything in the fridge that's beyond the sell-by date.' "Apparently, Jude was just as anal-retentive with his ex-wife, Sadie Frost , 35, and their three children. 'He was annoyed if the kids left finger marks on the walls, or if the living room was strewn with toys," the source says. "Sadie was always trying to get the house as clean as possible for him, but Jude was complaining to her that it looked untidy.' "According to the source, Sienna is ultra flighty. 'She loses her cell phone, forgets appointments, and constantly spills the contents of her purse.' Friends say that Jude can't believe he's dating someone more scatterbrained than Sadie, so he wants out -- with plans to dump Sienna right after the Oscars, according to the source." Wait, didn't Sienna pose for Maxim in her panties? And Jude thought he was dating a urlLink Mesopotamian scholar ? In : Sexy camera phone pics. Once again, urlLink Drew Barrymore is ahead of the curve. Ananova reports, "The Charlie's Angels star was seen taking the saucy snaps in lingerie store, Victoria's Secret , reports urlLink Teen Hollywood . "The actress was apparently sending the sexy pictures to her rock star boyfriend, urlLink Fabrizio Moretti of The Strokes . "A friend of the actress is quoted as saying: 'The camera phone was a birthday gift and she was bursting to try it out. "'She and a girlfriend were snapping away in Victoria's Secret and were sending the raunchy photos to Fabrizio to see which outfit took his fancy.'"

 It's Only Hollywood, Baby " urlLink Alan Pakula once told me one of the truest stories I have ever heard about film journalists." " When urlLink Sophie's Choice was coming out, one of the news magazines sent a writer to do a major feature on me. He came to my office to do the interview, and, during it, he told me about a script he had written. He just happened to have it with him and he gave it to me. "Three days later, he called me and asked me if I had a chance to read his script yet. He told me that he was in the middle of writing his profile about me. "I knew what he was doing: he was shaking me down. While he was in the middle of writing this profile of me which would be read by millions of people, he was asking me what I thought of his script. ""I told him that I'd been very busy, but hoped to read his script that weekend -- which I knew was past his deadline for submitting my profile. "'Oh,' he said, sounding disappointed, 'I was hoping you'd have it read before then.' "I thought about it. A favorable profile in a magazine with that kind of mega-circulation would certainly help the movie. I was worried about Sophie's box office anyway. urlLink The subject matter itself would scare some people off. "I called him back and told him that I'd finished reading his script and loved it. I told him that I wanted to produce it -- not direct it, but produce it like I had produced other movies earlier in my career. "'Oh,' he said, sounding disappointed, 'I was hoping you would direct it." "I called him back the next morning and told him I thought about it some more. I told him I liked the script so much I wanted to direct it. As my next movie. "There was a pause and he said 'I hear you're an honorable man. Do I have your word on that?' "'Absolutely, ' I said to him, 'I give you my word. You've written a brilliant script.' ";Thank you,' he said, 'this is probably the greatest moment of my life. By the way, I think you are going to like the profile I am writing." "We made plans to get together in a week -- way past his deadline -- to celebrate. "When the profile came out, it was long, glowing, and flattering and I'm sure it helped the movie's success." "He called me after the article came out and he kept calling me for days, but I wouldn't take his calls." "He sent me an anonymous note in the mail, but I have no doubt it came from him. "All it said was 'You fucked me masterfully. I applaud you. I deserved it.'" Joe Eszterhas , urlLink Hollywood Animal , p.117-18

 Our Man Chalabi urlLink After the devastating 60 Minutes piece deconstructed Chalabi, the pile on begins in DC. And no, Chalabi was not the white guy on The White Shadow (now that you mention it, TV Land should do a retro, no?). Ahmed Chalabi, according to urlLink Fred Kaplan of Slate , is an egomaniac. And worse. He writes, "What is going on with Ahmad Chalabi? The Iraqi exile, MIT-trained mathematician, and wealthy businessman who plotted with high-level U.S. officials to return to Baghdad and grab the reins in a post-Saddam governmentto bring to his homeland the virtues of modernization and Western-style democracyhas now joined forces with Iraq's most prominent anti-American theocrats." The conservatives also have misgivings about Chalabi. According to urlLink Arnaud de Borchgrave of the Washington Times : "(Chalabi) controlled and supervised the appointment of no fewer than six key players, including three ministers the oil minister, the finance minister, the trade minister, the central bank governor, the head of the trade bank and the managing director of Iraq's largest commercial bank. "With this kind of power base, Mr. Chalabi's next steps were predictably familiar. They are deja vu ad nauseam in other parts of the developing world. He has placed relatives and cronies in key slots in the new bureaucracy. Promissory contracts totaling some $400 million for Iraqi reconstruction projects have been allocated to Middle Eastern and American business friends. "On June 30, when chief U.S. Administrator L. Paul Bremer and his colleagues on the coalition's provisional authority go out of business, and Mr. Chalabi and his fellow Governing Council members recover full sovereignty on Iraq's behalf (pending elections in 2005), the long-time president of the Iraqi National Congress (INC) in exile, will be in the financial driver's seat." Way to go, Neocons.

 Bad Day/ Good Day Today was a hard day for African-American men. Terrorist freak urlLink John Allen Muhammed was given the death penalty . urlLink Jayson Blair did interviews in the media, spreading the manure. Not a good day all around for black men. Then again both urlLink Romenesko and Wonkette gave me linky-poo's on their high trafficked and super-influential sites for my urlLink Left Behind: Media Satyricon blog. Linky-poo's ... yummy. ( ed note : Hectic work makes it unlikely that I'll post tommorrow, sorry.)

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Heidi Klum and Seal . Beauty and talent go well together, and, since urlLink the marvelous Page Sixers have deemed this stellar coupling acceptable, why shouldn't we? urlLink The National Enquirer's Patricia Shipp gives us a step-by-step : "The two were spotted enjoying a cozy dinner at Madeo , a restaurant in Los Angeles on February 22. "'It was obvious that they've fallen hard for each other,' disclosed an observer. "'After dinner at Madeo's, Heidi and Seal went to Seal's home in the Hollywood Hills where they spent the night. "'The next morning they emerged from the house, and she gave him a kiss before they drove to a nearby Starbucks for morning coffee. "'When Seal went inside to get coffee for the two of them, Heidi walked her dog, a cute Jack Russell terrier. "'Seal and Heidi laughed and whispered to one another while they sipped their coffee outside.' "Soon the two had to part as Heidi headed off to catch a plane. "'Heidi kissed Seal once again, told him she loved him and thanked him for being so wonderful,' said the observer. "'As she left in an SUV, Heidi turned to Seal and said, See you very soon, darling!" "'Seal adores Heidi,' confided the insider." Awww. You go, Seal. Out : Paul Wolfowitz . As urlLink the Hill reports , "Tensions between the Bush administration and House Republican leaders flared last week when Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz angered them by arguing that reducing President Bush's proposed defense spending would be an unpatriotic slap at the military. " Okay, Mr. Philosopher-King , angering members of Congress in your own party? That's not a good thing, Paul, even urlLink Plotinus would say, don't you think? In : Lucy Sykes . is she shallow? Yes. But oddly compelling . urlLink FashionWeekDaily does a day in the life of Mrs. Sykes, and it is fascinating : "8:00 pm - The YSL show. I arrived to find my friends Charlotte Stockdale and Amanda Moore across the runway from me, both predictably chic, as well as every fashionista that ever there was. Tonight's the night. Veruschka the ?60s model, Patrick Demarchelier , Bill Cunningham (we all adore him). If you weren't there, well: sorry babe. Harvey W , of course: there's something going on. Stella, of course. The show was pure Tom . Tailored with such precision. Just looking at it, you felt you'd cut yourself. Beautiful, delicate hints of chinoiserie. I am watching fashion history. At then end, as Tom walked down the runway, he was so focused. No one sat. The whole crowd was screaming. Tom wore a red smoking jacket. For a moment, I thought that he might walk past the photographers at end of runway, and we'd never see him again. When he turned to walk back, my heart pounded. He's the man who brought sex back to fashion. I fought my way through the crowd to congratulate him afterwards my heart pounding still, and when he said, calmly 'Oh yes, Lucy Sykes' I died and went to heaven. Tom Ford is my YSL . As I walked out, I asked my favorite fashion oracle, Marylou Luther , 'Isn't he the most devastating man in fashion?' 'Of course,' said Marylou, 'apart from one other. 'Who?' I asked. ' urlLink Euan ,' she answered, and disappeared into the night. What has my husband been doing to these women? Tom was so in control, he had a yogic calm. As SJP said, 'Why leave the party when it's already gotten bad? Leave when it's still buzzing.'? Note the touch of shallow french existentialism that hangs about the comment made before a modish disappearance into the night. It could easily have been a snatch of dialogue from urlLink Last Tango in Paris . Lucy is as pretty as an urlLink Akkadian bass relief (and as deep). Let's train our social microscope on the specimen. Have you observed it closely. Good; carry on. Out : Evan Bayh . For some bizarre reason, the youthful Senator from Indiana got tremendous buzz this week as a possible running mate for Kerry. That would be a bad idea. urlLink The photogenic Senator is about as exciting as a wheat field in August. Or, as urlLink Arianna Huffington says in her syndicated column, "Don't pick a VP by looking at the map. Pick someone who can help you bring soul back to American politics and appeal not just to our self-interest but to our better instincts. In other words, do not pick Evan Bayh ." I couldn't have said it better myself. In : Nader Cynicism. Sometimes I don't know whether to get really angry at Ralph Nader, or just kind of pity him as a stubborn old man nearing senility laced with bitter pessimism. I mean, in the urlLink Village Voice's Nader interview , he does the strangest thing. Really odd, because Nader's attention span is legendary. When asked "Whom do you like?" he starts of civil, then veers -- almost immediately -- into the avenue of The Darkness, leaving us asking: This is who you Like ? He answers: " Edwards , although he's no courageous champion. He didn't make one speech defending the civil justice system, which is his forte. So that tells you something&#130;&#151;it is under massive attack by about 10 bills in Congress. Also, on foreign relations and military, he's terrible." That some real thug love, Ralph! Out : The exercisee Move of the Month. urlLink Greg Lindsay of WWD has a good time reporting of the crazy goings on at YM. "Now, several sources close to ( urlLink YM ) said (Editor in Chief Linda) Fears is spooking the staff by making a slew of last-minute changes to the May issue, which will bear neither her nor (former editor in chief Christina) Kelly&#130;&#146;s name. The diary, news and college sections &#130;&#151; all Kelly favorites &#130;&#151; have already been cut, and even more frightening to them is Fears&#130;&#146; first big idea: a new health section featuring an 'Exercise Move of the Month.' For a staff reared on Kelly&#130;&#146;s let-the-advertisers-be-damned approach, it&#130;&#146;s causing shudders all around." Shudders, people, shudders . In : Michael Musto of the Village Voice always gets the scoop. urlLink This week he writes of his trip to Miami at Jade : "By the antipasto tables, I asked MICHAEL IMPERIOLI how the show's changed his life, and before he could answer, he was interrupted by a stampede of fans and well-wishers. 'That's how it's changed my life,' he said, beaming. His views on gay marriage? 'That's a no-brainer,' said Imperioli. 'If people love each other, they should be able to get married.' And so should LIZA and DAVID , and BRITNEY and JASON , and even DREW BARRYMORE and TOM GREEN ."

 Michael Gross Blacklisted?! Oh, Hell no! The Corsair likes Michael Gross , in fact, we consider him an acquaintance/friend, exchanging emails over the years on media and career matters. So when I read urlLink Lloyd Grove's account that Michael Gross may be blacklisted because of his incendiary but fair urlLink account of Ralph Lauren's life , the red flags went up. Grove writes: "One New York fashionista is wondering whether the devil wears Polo. "Writer Michael Gross claims he's been blacklisted by major glossy magazines since his unauthorized book, Genuine Authentic: The Real Life of Ralph Lauren , which just came out in paperback, first appeared. "Gross, a former News columnist, said one 'top fashion magazine editor' recently told him that he shouldn't expect to get work from big-name magazines for a long time. 'He said I was radioactive - for 200 million reasons,' the writer added. "A Ralph Lauren spokeswoman replied that any suggestion the company was putting pressure on magazines not to use Gross was 'completely untrue.' Well, I certainly hope so, spokeswoman for Ralph Lauren , for your sake and the sake of your employer, because The Corsair is in the mood for some media attention for being loud and I am also in the mood to pick a new punching toy. Things have been slow going, and what better way to spice up the blogosphere than start a war with a comapny messing with my buddy. (puffs out chest) I'm old school like that.

 Al Sharpton to Get Fox TV Show? urlLink Presidential candidate Al Sharpton may get his own Fox Tv Show, urlLink according to the New York Times . Jim Rutenberg of the Times urlLink writes : "Mr. Sharpton, who retained the urlLink William Morris talent agency two weeks ago, said he wanted to be the host of his own cable news and radio programs, and his talent representatives said they were pursuing talks with all conceivable outlets. "But, perhaps unsurprisingly for a man who is running for president, Mr. Sharpton's media ambitions do not stop there. He has already had an informal discussion with Fox Television Studios about a possible reality television show, officials there said on Friday. And he recently met with Sid Ganis , the Hollywood producer who included Mr. Sharpton in the 2002 remake of 'Mr. Deeds,' to discuss future roles. "'For months they were saying to me from various parts of the media world that they wanted me to do a syndicated radio show, a syndicated TV show, and now these guys with a reality show,' Mr. Sharpton said. 'I said I wanted to wait for the end of the campaign. Now that we're halfway through, I told William Morris to go and complete some deals.''' The William Morris Agency? What the fuck ? Aint that a bitch: Sharpton goes Hollywood, huh . Tucker Carlson broke the scoop yesterday on urlLink the Chris Matthews Show that the Reverend had had a meeting with Roger Ailes at Fox. So, I guess his appearance at the Presidential debates was all a big audition. His purpose within the Democratic Party, as a jester and a Shakespearean fool, is over and the Rev is going big time. Who knew?

 Jann Wenner: "I laugh at that criticism" On March 5th, Jann Wenner , editor at Rolling Stone , defended himself from all the charges in the media that Rolling Stone has sold it's ass cheaper than a trick at the Tony Soprano's Bada Bing Club . Here is a private portion of his urlLink Billboard Interview with Carla Hay : Carla Hay : Others say the magazine has gotten soft. How do you respond? Jann Wenner : "I think the criticism is bulls--t. I laugh at that criticism." Disturbing laughter echoes through the blogosphere. I refer readers to The Corsair Award , granted December 27, 2003: "The Most Irrelevant Magazine pirate goes to Rolling Stone . I am of two minds on the subject. First, May 3, 1998 , to me, was the day the music died. Rolling Stone Magazine, the embodiment of hip counterculture colluded with the Giuliani adminitration as a corporate sponsor for "Family Day" to displace the Million Marijuana March from Washington Square Park. urlLink No lie . "Also: putting April Lavigne on the cover of March 2003 was a very sad reminder that even though the music has died at Rolling Stone, the stink still lingers like a fucking puddle of stillwater at 1290 Avenue of the Americas." And the criticism laughs right back at you, Jann, baby.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Former US Senator and Presidential Candidate (as well as super-intellectual) Gary Hart is odds on favorite to replace urlLink retiring Senator Ben Nighthorse Campbell (R-Colo.) if he wants the seat. Hart, who recently received a urlLink PhD in Philosophy at Oxford , has written ably on urlLink Kierkegaard , urlLink Jefferson , and an immensely useful and creative retooling of urlLink Machiavelli's Prince for our Democracy called, urlLink The Patriot , is indeed that. When he is not writing novels, practicing international law or brushing up on his Russian studies, Gart Hart is at his ranch in Colorado -- like urlLink a philosopher king -- observing the decline of Western Civilization. Run, Gary, run . Out : Dick Cheney . Apparently at urlLink the Gridiron Dinner, Cheney quipped , according to Hillnews, "I always feel a genuine bond whenever I see Senator Clinton. She's the only person who's the center of more conspiracy theories than I am." Yeah, uhm, did you hear the one about Bush replacing you with Giuliani at the NY convention, Soprano-style, Dick? In : Manley Moonlighting Governors. What is it about the tag team of Ventura and Shwarzenegger ("weighing in at a combined weight of 600 lbs, from parts unknown The Masked Governators !") First Ventura moonlighted on urlLink Vince McMahon's gloriously doomed XFL , then, Arnie -- get this -- moonlights as an "editor/predator" at urlLink ultralowbrow men 18-35 demographic 'Flex' and 'Muscle and Fitness.' What-the- fuck?! Will the next Governor of New York be an anchor at ESPN ? Perhaps the bigger story, as a result of 9/11, is the incredible rise of manliness -- urlLink the Iliad , urlLink Alexander the Great flic , HBO's wild west manly tale urlLink Tombstone , Gibson's bloody Christ who takes his licks like a man. It's a man's world, it seems, though we'd like to see some Grrl power in the mix. Out : Liberals. Ever since Bush the Elder trounced Mike Dukakis for being a card carrying member, it has not been cool to be lib. Now, however, even Ralph Nader can barely conceal his contempt when he utters the words, "liberal intelligencia" to refer to his opponents on his right, who have asked him to not run for president. You know life sucks for libs when Nader is hating on you. Being called a liberal is like being called weak and human beings -- especially in this adenoidal era -- regard weakness as Evil. Good and Evil are irrelevant: all that exists is Strong and Weak. Being Strong is better than being Good; being Strong is better than being Just; Being strong is better than being Smart. And Being Liberal, alas, is not perceived as being strong. In : Ken Auletta . Auletta is a class act, and he showed an incredible amount of patience on Tina Brown's Topic A last night, sandwiched in between the seriously stupid Kinky Friedman cadidate for Governor of Texas ("to hell with corporations!", the matronly Susan Cheever ("I don't care who runs Disney, just as long as they keep making movies that keep my kids quiet") and Rocco Landesman , who made facile points about the shocking -- shocking! -- anti CEO climate. In that mix of stupidity, Auletta shone, stating facts and figures as well as reasoned arguments about Disney. Way to go, Ken; then again, what was Tina thinking? Out : urlLink C-SPAN Delay . After 25 years, Howard Stern's band of merry pranksters is causing C-Span CEO Brian Lamb to consider adding a pause to live phone discussions. Not that I watch those call in shows that offer elderly retirees a chance to rant ad nauseum in shrill, semi-senile disembodied voices about the Illuminati's hold over our government, and the good old days of "Cal" Coolidge , but this is a sad testament to the fact that we -- America -- are no longer young. IN : Kurt Andersen . Anderson writes in this week's urlLink New York : "One has the friends one has, and one doesnt tend to choose them carefully. I wouldnt call myself a friend of Martha Stewarts , but I know her. A few years ago, during a coffee break at a technology conference, we had a pleasant conversation about public radio andthis was the bestthe excellence of the steamed-milk froth on our free Starbucks lattes. A few years before that, she had invited me to a large dinner party at Nobu where Sam Waksal was present. (At that dinner, I happened to exchange a friendly glance with Calvin Klein , whom I had met exactly once before, but who nevertheless acted in that moment as if we were good friends, mouthing the words Are you okay? from across the room, since a few weeks earlier I had been fired as the editor of this magazine.)" urlLink Did he mention Latrell ?

 Al Franken: Democratic Party Bouncer From time to time Al Franken likes to kick urlLink a little bit o' Ass -- Republican ass , playa. The other day he used just urlLink the right mix of hard power and soft power, so to speak, in a short term domestic conflagration. Didn't you know that Howard Dean's aggro speeches would one day cause some kind of ruckus on the left hand side? urlLink The New York Times Magazine (subscription required) captures the frenzied mood surrounding Al Franken's rather "punchy" ass-whipping of a confused protester at a Howard Dean campign rally with the appropriate amount of gusto. But let me set a little ambiance for you , cornbread, cause that's the sorrt of thing Bloggers like to do. (plays urlLink Europe's The Final Countdown ) It is "the Sunday before the nation's first primary," at a Howard Dean rally in downtown Manchester. The New England winter is crisp; the mood is one of fighting back. The Republicans have been eating the lunch of the Democratic Party since Ca-lee-fohrn-eeaaah , and the midterm elections and, of course, the Supreme's 5/4 dance number that handed the Bushies the keys to the White House. Anyhoo : Our man on the scene, the NY Times writer, one Russell Shorto , feels it important for us to know -- at the outset -- that Franken's tushy is the stuff of the Gods, ambrosial, a hasty pudding if you will: "From 1966 to 1969, Franken was a member of the varsity wrestling team at his high school in Hopkins, Minn. Six years after graduation, when he showed up in New York to begin work as a writer on the first season of urlLink 'Saturday Night Live ,' he was still almost as much an athlete as a comedian. ''He seemed like a total jock,'' says the comedian urlLink Laraine Newman , who was a member of the original cast. 'He always had a football in his hands when they were writing. And he had this very defined musculature. His butt was like a cut basketball. Which, you know, you don't normally see in comedy writers.'" No, no, one doesn't, Mr. Shorto , to be sure; but The Corsair's former girlfriends don't complain, we are in our early 30s after all is all I'm saying . Anyhoo : Let's bring on the rassling. Now for a spot of the old rough and tumble, Harvard-style --- bring-it-on!: "Onstage, Martin Sheen speaks first, then Dean's demure wife, then the suddenly embattled former governor of Vermont himself. Sometime after Dean begins taking questions from the audience, a manic-looking heckler starts to heckle, accusing Dean of 'covering up for Dick Cheney .' He gets louder. A couple of spindly members of Dean's security team approach him uncertainly; he swings his arms and keeps shouting. It goes on for several minutes and seems to be veering toward actual violence. Dean, the media, the members of the audience: nobody knows what to do." Oh, but our man Franken does, does he ever (wicked Rumsfeldian gleam in eyes): "At this moment Franken turns, cocks his head slightly, gives that well-known magnified, tortoise-shell-framed gaze and says: 'I think the two of us can get him out. You wanna do it?' After a pause that is meant to be emphatic, I say, 'No.' But it's too late: he's off, in rumpled jeans and a big down jacket, plowing up the aisle." Al Franken's old school like that. When he cocked his head you just knew: it was on like Gray Poupon . The Corsair imagines the Harvard educated simian, rumpled jeans and big brown jacket ruffling in the wind, the accoustical sounds of urlLink Six Million Dollar Man bionic sound effects stacattoing in the background ( da-da-da-da-da ...) as Franken-in-slow-motion-bolt approaches said interruptor, head low and spectacles fogged in anticipation of crunk: "By this time there is a confused scrum around the heckler, who is holding his ground and still ranting. Franken hits the floor, wedges himself among a couple dozen legs and puts the man in a wrestling hold, grabbing him at the knees." Oof! One can almost buckle at the beauty of the writing at this New York Times sports section style commentary, like that unfortunate freak, tumbling down the slippery slope into Prose Heaven. Oh, tell us more : "That destabilizes him, and others now quickly push him down the aisle and out the side door of the theater." Oh Al, destabilize the GOP; destabilize !: "Franken gets up, looking dazed; his glasses are snapped in two. He's quickly swarmed by confused but excited reporters who want to know, like, what was he doing?" He's kicking ass and taking names, gentlemen, Harvard-style . Snapped spectacles be damned! The Democrats are mad as hell and urlLink they're not gonna take it . Read the rest of the urlLink NY Times profile . Way to go, Big Man; at the upcoming Boston Dem convention, Big Al will be taking on a urlLink Larouchie with a weak knee . Then on to The Boston Convention where Al competes in a three way dance with urlLink John "da crippler" Irving and urlLink Don "da spoiler" Rumsfeld . Be there or be square ... Pret a Wafer [ urlLink Reuters ] Jean-Paul Gaultier conjures a surrealist wardrobe made entirely from bread. Upper East Side Barbie [ urlLink NY Post ] "It was hard not to love Egon, but living in Europe was really hard for me. When you don't speak the language fluently, you're just a Barbie doll." The Face of South African Fashion Week [ urlLink Vogue ] Charlize Theron will boost South African Fashion Week's international presence.

 Bomshell 60 Minutes: Bush Planed to Bomb Iraq Before Afghanistan! CBS is running teasers for a urlLink 60 Minutes that looks to be brimming with zest, so those wily liberals Martha's Vinyard Way will, no doubt, be hoisting some rather indifferent red wines to their pagan gods come Memorial Day. Let the pounding begin: the liberals are mad as hell and they are not going to take it anymore . Apparently, one urlLink Richard Clarke , who has advised four presidents (and was Bill Clinton's counter-terror point man in the National Security Council ), throws light upon the current administration's reaction to terrorism in his new book, " urlLink Against All Enemies ." Oh, It's on like Gray Poupon! (rubs hands together) The 60 Minutes website teaser reads: "Former White House terrorism advisor urlLink Richard Clarke tells Correspondent Lesley Stahl that on Sept. 11, 2001, and the day after - when it was clear al Qaeda had carried out the terrorist attacks - the Bush administration was considering bombing Iraq in retaliation. " ... Clarke was surprised that the attention of administration officials was turning toward Iraq when he expected the focus to be on al Qaeda and Osama bin Laden . "'They were talking about Iraq on 9/11. They were talking about it on 9/12,' says Clarke. "The top counter-terrorism advisor, Clarke was briefing the highest government officials, including President Bush and Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks. "'Rumsfeld was saying we needed to bomb Iraq ... We all said, but no, no. Al Qaeda is in Afghanistan , recounts Clarke, and Rumsfeld said, There aren't any good targets in Afghanistan and there are lots of good targets in Iraq . I said, Well, there are lots of good targets in lots of places, but Iraq had nothing to do with [the September 11 attacks] .'" (The Corsair takes a sip of urlLink The Cutty Sark ) Ahhh ... The pause that refreshes. Anyhoo : The CBS site continues: "Clarke goes on to explain what he believes was the reason for the focus on Iraq. "'I think they wanted to believe that there was a connection [between Iraq and al Qaeda], but the CIA was sitting there, the FBI was sitting there, I was sitting there, saying, We've looked at this issue for years. For years we've looked and there's just no connection, says Clarke. "Clarke also tells Stahl that the president isn't doing the best job fighting terrorism. 'Frankly, I find it outrageous that the president is running for re-election on the grounds that hes done such great things about terrorism,' says Clarke in Sunday's interview. 'He ignored it. He ignored terrorism for months, when maybe we could have done something to stop 9/11. Maybe. Well never know." Maybe; but here's what we do know: one, Clarke is hawking a book, and, like urlLink Paul O'Neill before him, he will be savaged by the Right. Two, Clarke is damaged goods: he bet the farm on cyberterrorism being the next frontier, and he lost big time . His job and his credibility were burned in the intelligence community. This book makes him look vengeful. Three, they will try to paint Leslie Stahl, a fucking excellent journalist, as obsessed with getting Bush. Mitigating factors: One, this will feed into the New York Left Media nexus. Howard Stern has been beating at Bush mightily. Expect Stern to use the 60 Minutes as an extended discussion on corruptions in the Bush Administration. Expect the New York Times editorial board and op ed columnists to follow suit. And expect Kerry and some congressmen -- perhaps even, hmmmmmm John McCain -- to get involved, making the President look bad. Hmmm: John McCain may end up being the big winner of this 60 Minutes drop off into Spring. And the race for the President of the last standing superpower has barely begun! Finally, concerning CBS, a fascinating little chestnut if you are a media geek like me has been revealed. Apparently urlLink Eisnehower asked then CBS President Frank Stanton to run a a federal communications agency in the event that a Soviet military attack killed major US officials. This was in the dark days of the Cold War when the Soviets had successfully launched Sputnik , e4ffectively beating America into space, and savaging national morale. Dark Days indeed: "A few weeks after the Soviets launched the first manmade satellite in 1957, shattering America's sense of security, urlLink CBS President Frank Stanton was summoned to the White House to see President Eisenhower. "Stanton knew his friend was agonizing over how to respond to Sputnik and the terrorizing thought that permeated America: Had the Soviets gained a huge first-strike advantage in the nuclear arms race? "But Stanton learned urlLink Eisenhower also was wrestling with how best to ensure the U.S. government could function if a Soviet attack wiped out many American leaders. "Stanton, who had no experience or ambitions in government, was taken aback when the president asked if he would be willing to oversee a federal communications agency after such an attack. "'I was surprised and startled by the breadth of the assignment,' said the 96-year-old Stanton, who lives in Boston. "Nervous about the awesome task of keeping the nation's telephone, radio and television systems operating after an attack, Stanton said he nevertheless 'agreed to do my chore.'" Crazy. CBS and the Preidency.

 Plum Sykes Strikes Out: Aaron Gell in W Magazine From Aaron Gell's review of urlLink Plum Sykes' Bergdorf Blondes , from the urlLink April 2004 W : "Fashionista-cum-muckraker Plum Sykes , who apparently spent years researching her novel Bergdorf Blondes ( Miramax Books ) by going deep undercover as a glamorous It Girl. The story is told in the voice of a shallow, narcissistic features writer for a major fashion magazine -- a voice Sykes nails with uncanny verisimilitude. Unfortunately, while she name drops all the requisite labels, like the crack fashion caption writer that she once was, the plot she hangs them on is thinner than a urlLink Louboutin heel , and nowhere near as sturdy. It centers on the breakup of the heroines' engagement (her moody beau is said to be a stand-in for Sykes' former fiance, Damian Loeb ) and her subsequent quest for another PH (prospective husband) who has his very own PJ (private jet)." Charmed, I'm sure. This Andrew Gell can write. His snark is pure.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Nakedness in general. urlLink Today on Ananova , we learn, via The Sun , superhottie Carmen Electra reveals that she plays drums naked with her husband, the bloated urlLink angel from another dimension urlLink Dave Navarro , "We jam together - he plays guitar and I drum and we even play naked." urlLink Yesterday on Ananova , via Jane , it was revealed that Daryl Hannah also likes to be naked -- when jogging, "Basically, we're all apes, right? I like to be unfettered whenever possible - if it's a beautiful day. "It's not like I throw off my clothes and start running out of control," she told Jane magazine . Call me cynical ("cynical!"), but do these frisky revelations come a little too close to their projects, urlLink Starsky and Hutch and urlLink Till Death do us Part for Electra, and urlLink Kill Bill, Volume II for Hannah? Whatever the case, Nudity: it's the new black. Out : Lenny Kravitz . For his new and pretentiously titled album (whispers) " urlLink Baptism ," Lenny steals urlLink Prince's look finally completing a process of leeching off the creative energies of his better that has been ongoing for about a decade. There has always been a strange hero worship thing going on, unrequited, from Lenny to Prince, ever since urlLink Kravitz borrowed the royal falsetto on his first album 'Let Love Rule.' The heavy influence, or, as Harold Bloom might pronounce it, urlLink the anxiety of influence that Prince exerts over Kravitz has finally broken the proverbial camel's back. Somewhere Nicole Kidman is laughing at urlLink Kravitz's bad processed hair and cheesy sunglasses worn indoors . In : Taking Potshots at Actors. Snark seeps it's way into the strangest places , like mainstream publications such as the ultranice urlLink People Magazine , of all places. In their Picks and Pans section they pan Taking Lives, the new Angelina Jolie flic. Note the snarky little slice at Ethan Hawke in the last line, tossed off, as it were, as if it was an aside penned by Uma Thurman : "Jolie, whose lips are monumental enough to serve as a weopon in her own right, strides through as if she learned all she knows from Angie Dickinson on Police Woman. Hawke, even when trying to project good-guy appeal as an art dealer helping to ID a suspect, gives off a weasel scent." What-the-fuck?! Out : Malnourished Milan runway model tushes. urlLink Like Johnny Depp, I am partial to high water booty . urlLink Butt Lifter Jeans . A girl with an ass is so very in (excuse the pun on the bum). Finally, after years of Howard Stern feeding the self consciousness of women and their hind quarters, the BET sensibility is winning out, to the consternation of the Long Island contracters crowd. Men want urlLink a curvy ass, like Monica Bellucci's , which is enough to make a grown man cry. urlLink Buttock implant surgery is also big, thanks to JLo. Voluptuousness. In : And speaking of an urlLink ample tushy, Athina Roussel , nee Athina Onaissis , and her polo boytoy Alvaro Alfonso de Miranda , or, "Doda," are very in. Also the dad of the richest little girl in the world, Thierry Roussel, had some good news on February 20: "An Athens court yesterday cleared the father of Athina Onassis , Thierry Roussel , and the former Roussel family spokesman urlLink Alexis Mantheakis of perjury charges. The trial followed a suit lodged by Onassis Foundation President urlLink Stelios Papadimitriou , who had been accused of slandering Roussel. Papadimitrou told the court yesterday that he had never maintained that Roussel took drugs or acted lewdly in front of his daughter." Out : Beating around the bush. Career challenged Amanda de Cadenet urlLink wanted her multimillionaire former boyfriend Keanu Reeves back , so she took the initiative, and (allegedly) concoted an offer he couldn't refuse. According to urlLink W : "KEANU REEVES is back with former fiancee urlLink AMANDA DE CADENET thanks to an 11-year-old cupid. The pair rekindled their romance after the Matrix star was asked to attend a school play starring urlLink Amanda's daughter ATLANTA. 'If it weren't for Atlanta playing cupid Keanu and Amanda would have remained friends, but have gone their separate ways,' confesses a source. 'She has helped them fall in love again.'" In 1995 the huntress stalked her prey, holding an urlLink impromptu Keanu Film Festival with Courtney Love, one evening . One year later, they were going out. But then they broke up. And things hadn't been the same since. And (wink, wink) out of the blue (wink, wink), the prococious eleven year old Atlanta calls Keanu and asks him to attend her school function (wink, wink), "why don't you go with my mommy." (wink, wink) I saw urlLink The Parent Trap , and it makes a clever Disney movie, but I refuse to believe than any child other than those born in France are that socially sophisticated to engineer that kind of romantic mojo. Well, we can't playa hate, Amanda did good for herself.

 Courtney Love at Bowery Ballroom I'm hung over, I've got a bit of a cold, it was packed, but I enjoyed last night's show of urlLink Court Love at the Bowery Ballroom . She came on late, like almost two hours late, but that's to be expected. Courtney's singing sucked, except for "Voices Carry," which I thought was beautiful in it's own twisted/haunted way. But one doesn't go to a Court Love performance nowadays -- or at least last night -- to hear the music. We wanted to be a part of the drama. urlLink Gawker had this link of Courtney getting her boob sucked outside of Wendy's in New York Wednesday, thanks urlLink Gawker (you'll not that the booby sucker is reading the Village Voice , which at no point in time leaves his hands when providing said ministrations; a discriminating counterculturalist he). Anyhoo: what can I say, I went there more for the spectacle and maybe to see her in panties and I was not disappointed, although I wish I was closer to the stage, the Bowery Ballroom was packed ( Ethan Hawke and David Blaine , Kurt Loder and the MTV crew, Debbie Harry , Soprano star Little Steven , among others, were there) and spacious. Honorary black man urlLink Roger Friedman at Fox 411 reports that NY Daily news photog urlLink Dara Kushner was hurt when Court crowdsurfed. And the NY Post urlLink sums it all up : "Before the show she quieted the audience and told them, 'If any of you plans on getting injured tonight, please go outside and get arrested now.' "She struggled through her set, at one point saying, 'My voice has gone to hell. That's what a jail cell does to it.' "During one song she stripped off her red velvet dress and sang in her bra and panties. She then covered up with a T-shirt that read 'Eat My F-.'" (Update: Oh la vida loca, urlLink Courtney is at it again , playing to the cameras, her whole life on film; via Gawker via urlLink BluBox , Court is playing guitar outside a window in NYC basking in the attention. Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down thy skanky hair ...)

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Cypress Hill . An excerpt from their interview in the urlLink April 2004 FHM . Only a rock star can get away with smoking weed past the age of 30 and not look like a silly punk ass: FHM : You worked with Bob Marley's son Damian on "Smoke it Up" for the new album. What's his bud like? Muggs : It's the Schwarzenegger of weed. It's scientifically genetically enhanced marijuana to the 10th power. He went toke for toke with us. When it comes to ganga, he's got pedigree, but we've got ghetto lungs . We're used to blunts and shwag weed. B-Real : We're all mellow dudes. FHM : Do you like to garden? Muggs : B-Real created his own marijuana called Kush. That's the one-hitter quitter, homey: hydroponic steroided up . Do you like to garden . Who came up with these questions? Out : The Ladykillers gets a bad review from urlLink The Hollywood Reporter , which says: "( Tom) Hanks' mere presence will, of course, deliver a solid opening weekend. And the brothers' faithful fans might find enough things to like to sustain a decent boxoffice performance thereafter, especially among older audiences. "The premise remains the same. Once more, a professor with dubious credentials rents a room from an unsuspecting old lady. He and his cronies, all claiming to be musicians, use the house as a base of operations to commit a nefarious criminal deed. Once more, however, circumstances and the old lady foil them at every turn. "Only instead of the English suburbs, the Coens take us deep into the Southern Bible Belt. Professor G.H. Dorr (Hanks) rents a room from a black Baptist churchgoing lady named Marva Munson ( Irma P. Hall ), who will allow neither 'hippity-hop' music nor smoking in her domicile. With the cover of practicing medieval instruments in her basement, Dorr and his gang tunnel from that basement for several blocks to the cash storage office of a riverboat gambling casino. "The crew Dorr assembles gives new meaning to the expression 'thick as thieves.' Marlon Wayans' Gawain MacSam is the casino 'inside' man, whose temper and foul mouth just naturally invite catastrophe, not to mention slaps by Mrs. Munson." Hmmm, actually that sounds kind of fun to me . And who ever thought Tom Hanks and Marlon Wayans would ever make a film together. Next thing you're going to tell me fucking Spielberg will helm the next Carrot Top flic. In : urlLink National Review editor Rich Lowry versus radio personality Al Franken in Spinsanity debate. urlLink The conservative New Criterion blog discusses it thusly: "There is some good in this. Franken devotees, who probably have never read National Review , will tune in expecting their man to triumph. What they will find is a middle-aged schoolyard bully. Franken claims to have challenged Lowry to a 'fight in [his] parking garage,' and then slyly questions Lowry's heterosexuality." urlLink Franken claims: "Rich said on C-SPAN that Democrats had sissified politics; I challenged him to a fight in my parking garage; he demurred like a little girl; I wrote about the incident honestly in my book; he wrote a column that gave his readers a totally misleading characterization of my book, which he later admitted he hadnt read; I challenged Rich to another fight; he demurred again, but challenged me to a contest of ideas. So here we are." Can you say mid-life crisis? Can you say slow news day? Out : That fake bottled "pure mineral" water Dassani is urlLink very very out . Jonathan Prynn of the Evening Standard writes: "Coca-Cola today recalled every bottle of its controversial "pure" mineral water Dasani in a cancer scare. "It came after the 95p bottles of water were found to be contaminated with illegal levels of bromate, a potentially cancer causing chemical. " Coca-Cola said all 500,000 bottles of the carbonated water, which is drawn from public water ( ed note : tap water) supplies in Sidcup, will be cleared from stores within 24 hours." The thing that really freaks me out about this? urlLink Dasani is the second top selling bottled water brand in the US . How the fuck does a multinational corporation make fucking million, possibly billions, on bottled water. And why isn't any news team really hammering Coke on their smoke and mirrors. Oh, I guess it is because Coke is a major advertiser on just about everything. Sweet. In : urlLink This is really and truly the most offensive and perverse stories I have ever read online, and that is saying something. Please do not read this if you are at work, it is just that twisted. I cannot say any more, except that I will pray to the redeeming lord Jesus on behalf of the teller of urlLink this story. Out : Condoleeza Rice becomes another of the pretty politicians that Rupert Murdoch collects, like Newt Gingrich and Baroness Maggie Thatcher, when she speaks at his little urlLink conference . The Guardian writes: "The four-day event started last night, and Mr Howard is due to speak at 9pm tonight (British time). Ms Rice, President Bush's national security advisor, is to address the conference by video link." Great. In : Bushmeat. Just what is urlLink bushmeat ? And no, it is not some pornographic reference to our Commander-in-Chief. Perish the thought. Bushmeat is the practice of eating primates, mostly by impoverished populations. In addition to leading towards the extinction of whole species of monkeys and apes, the urlLink Nature Science update writes, "The practice of hunting and eating bushmeat in Central Africa is infecting people with a new virus." As a Ugandan-born writer I'd like to register my shock at this practice of noshing on cute monkeys, although I don't quite know what precisely was in that "dirty water hot dog" I ate at lunch in Midtown this afternoon. I could be a hypocrite on this matter.

 The C-Span Jones Have you ever had a (makes quote gestures into the air) " urlLink love jones "? (looks around, embarassed) I know I've had. But have you ever had a (makes quote gestures again) "C-Span Jones"? Good : that makes you psychologically healthy. No normal person would have a C-Span Jones ; no normal person should have a C-Span Jones. Normal people don't write philosophical discorse on Brian Lamb's even temperament and boundless curiosity over the arcana of just whom James Knox Polk was "polking." urlLink Ruth Marcus of the Washington Post gives us the symptoms, which, alas, were diagnosed in her own little ditty called "Confessions of a C-Span Junkie": "A urlLink C-SPAN story, embarrassing but true: I climbed on the treadmill at the gym the other morning, clicked the channels of the attached TV down to the C-SPAN zone and was delighted -- honest! -- to find the urlLink Senate Budget Committee marking up the fiscal 2005 budget resolution. Still more embarrassing: It wasn't even live, but a replay of a session the day before. Unfortunately, by the time I finished my paltry few miles, the majority staff director had barely begun his presentation. So I stood on the motionless treadmill to watch the rest of the proceedings until, finally, I felt so self-conscious that I turned it up to a slow walk. "Mine is admittedly an extreme case. You know you've got it bad when that day's segment of the urlLink Lyndon Johnson tapes is one you've heard before. Or when you don't watch just the hearing but are glued to the cinema verite footage of all the milling around before and after. Or when you find the Senate quorum call, with its accompanying classical music, a relaxing interlude -- what passes for a Zen moment in Washington. "In our house, C-SPAN is a family affair. I began to suspect that urlLink C-SPAN radio was playing a little too often in our car when I was out with my 8-year-old daughter listening to -- what else -- the urlLink Florida Democratic Party winter meeting , and I realized that she could identify all the presidential candidates. By voice. The year before, she became so captivated by the Senate Judiciary Committee debate on the Charles Pickering nomination that she woke up the next morning demanding to know how the vote had gone on 'that judge guy.'" Oh dear sweet jesus , why did this woman have to involve her child in her madness? (takes a sip of Cutty Sark ) ... ah, the pause that refreshes. Was there a need to turn to C-Span radio? Are there not enough useless C-Span channels -- how about C-Span 3, the segment of our drama when we follow the " urlLink C-Span bus " around theb country to visit the birthplaces of the Presidents! Oh dear-sweet-jesus ... Anyhoo : It's not going to be smooth going for this baby, I want to let you know right now. A C-Span Jones is not to be tossed aside lightly, my dear friend, it must be cast off with great force ! But sure, it will be tough sailing: that inescapable craving of counting yeas and nays for cloture before leaving the house on a date will creep up the spine, like a monkey on the back. The delirium tremens that accompanies missing a think tank meeting of urlLink the Cato Institute on the reform of Social Security will be acute, like the sharp burn of a crack pipe against ready fingers. And, of course, the jones at rushing to see a riveting interview with the latest biographer of Millard Fillmore ; ahh, not unlike the chemically-bubblegummy smell of exhaled crystal meth ... priceless . C-Span is like crack, only more addictive, more sinister, and pipeless -- Ruth Marcus of the Washington Post hath wrought some awesome shit, what? Introducing her baby to a life of geeky political junkiness, adrift in the wilderness of Omnibus Transportation Committee hearings. Your bad, Ruthie; you're very very bad.

 Hey Graydon, where are the African Americans? Several years back I altogether stopped sending out my annual "Letter to the Editor" email criticizing Vanity Fair for the lack of African Americans, especially on the cover, and especially in their 'Hollywood issue.' It was a futile quest to get someone to listen and actually do something more than send out an obligatory response to reader email backed up with naught else but hot air. I saved this little chestnut, though, I think it was my last attempt at satisfaction, from the long suffering and saintly Heather Fink , dated April 24, 2000: "Dear Mr. Mwangaguhunga, "Thank you very much for your letter to the editor. We have received several letters regarding this matter, and I will be sure to address this point with the appropriate editors here. I appreciate your input and hope that you continue expressing your opinions to Vanity Fair. Sincerely, Heather Fink" Greeeaaat. I'm glad I shared. Of course, my problem is not with Heather Fink , who was polite, but couldn't change the situation, no, my issue was with her boss Graydon Carter , who I snark on from time to time in this blog, but for whom I ultimately hold no hard feelings against. Look -- there is no one suggesting that anything is wrong with Graydon on the issue of race, that's crazy talk . I'm just saying that Graydon is not representing African Americans on the cover of VF; and that smarts. It is his privilege as an editor, but it is a kind of stupid thing for a so-called libertarian to do to his legacy. Hollywood itself is not as white as Graydon paints it. I just cannot believe that urlLink Matthew McConaughey and urlLink Gretchen Moll deserve covers more than Chris Rock , Chris Tucker , Halle Berry or even Janet Jackson . I mean -- Fuck! -- even urlLink Sandra Bullock , she of the linebackerish looks -- got a cover! The argument that nobody would ever make in public is that covers of African Americans sell less than covers of white celebs: Ruben Stoddard was the worst selling RS cover in 2003, and Serena Williams the urlLink worst selling SI cover in 2003 . But urlLink last year's best/worst cover list is closing the gap of this very sad but true industry fact. I've worked in magazines for 9 years, I know the game. But urlLink Roger Friedman of Fox 411 who I knighted an honorary black man on Monday does a fine job in explaining why VF was snubbed by the National Magazine Awards: "'It's because Graydon's so obsessed with Hollywood,' said one insider, referring to Carter's sometimes embarrassing preference for celebrity profiles over actual journalism. " Beth Kseniak , director of public relations for Vanity Fair, said, 'I can't remember when we didn't have a nomination. But we've been very fortunate in previous years and we congratulate the nominees.' "One aspect of criticism about Vanity Fair is its obliviousness to cultures other than its own. In the March 'Hollywood' issue, 13 famous actresses graced the cover, not one of them African-American. As well, Vanity Fair has not featured an individual black person on the cover in several years. "Kseniak responded, 'We were supposed to have Halle Berry , but she backed out at the last minute.'" Okay VF, now is your opportunity. The African American contribution to the entertainment industry in America and the world is vast. Could you refelect that just a little bit more?

 Get Your Courtney Love Tickets!!! Observe firsthand the long slow, and possibly pantyless decline of Courtney Love into the abysmal gutter that is showbiz. Guys, snatch them up fast -- shnell! -- cause tonight Courtney Love show is going to be on like Gray Poupon ! urlLink Here. (link via the ultra cute urlLink Ultragrrrl ) See you there. I got mine, I'm there: I'll be the one munching Oxycontin in the front row, heckling.

 A Little of the Old In And Out In : Kerry and McCain are urlLink Still Fucking With The President . I swear to God, it looks like Kerry and McCain met at his campaign bunker, and decided -- just for the hell of it -- to play jedi mind tricks on the President. Today, McCain urlLink sticks up for Kerry on Defense , AP reports, "Asked on NBC's 'Today' if he thought Kerry was weak on defense, McCain said: 'No, I do not believe that he is, quote, weak on defense. He's responsible for his voting record, as we are all responsible for our records, and he'll have to explain it. But, no, I do not believe that he is necessarily weak on defense." Geez. Will someone get McCain and Kerry a room already? Out : urlLink Kelly Ripa cameltoe , (via urlLink Stereogum via urlLink Nick Catchdubs ) In : urlLink Star Magazine's Victoria Gotti reporting on the breakup of mob wife actress Edie Falco and Stanley Tucci. Victoria Gotti writes, "'They're not together,' Tucci's spokesman, confirmed to Star . But Star has learned the backstory behind the breakup. 'Edie says they split because Stanley felt guilty about leaving his wife and their kids,' a friend of the HBO mob mom tells Star exclusively. The couple paired up both onstage and off while co-starring in the 2002 Broadway play, Frankie and Johnny in the Claire de Lune , in which they appeared in the buff for five months. "Right around that time, Tucci's seven-year marriage to Kate, with whom he has two children, came to an end. But now, Tucci (whose next project is 2004's The Terminal) may be heading back to the homestead: 'They'd been fighting about how much Stanley was spending time with his family,' the source reveals to Star. A few weeks ago, Tucci spent the whole day with his wife and kids in Central Park, the source adds. According to the source, he was supposed to meet Falco at chic Italian eatery Da Silvano that night, but instead dined with his wife. Falco was not happy and gave Tucci an ultimatum: 'Her or me.' A few days later, we're told, he told Edie, with whom he was living that it was over." Poor Carm ... men! Ironically, Victoria Gotti, daughter to mobster John Gotti , also dumped her husband after he was found -- through racketeering wiretaps -- to be sleeping with his bookkeeper. Gotti and Falco have quite a bit in common. Out : Dirty but beautiful . That's how a snitch describes the relationship of urlLink just released from police custody (link via urlLink Gothamist ) Courtney Love and Chris Milk to urlLink Rush and Molloy : "The duo met on the set of her video for 'Mono,' but evidence of their liaison did not surface until Love accidentally left her BlackBerry at a restaurant in December. "Someone saw these really juicy, poetically pornographic things going back and forth between them," says our snitch. 'They were dirty, but beautiful . Just a sign of how much she loves him and how much he loves her." Courtney is a mess. In : Running away from Kerry? According to urlLink Hans Nichols of The Hill , "A handful of ( ed note : Southern and Midwestern)House Democrats who look vulnerable in Novembers election, plan to run away from their partys presumptive presidential nominee, Sen. John Kerry (D-Mass.), and will not endorse him. "The holdouts are a minority of the 17 'frontliners' selected by the party leadership for member-to-member cash infusions, but their attitude reflects varying levels of comfort with how the New England senator will play in their districts." And the really odd thing is, that Bush and Kerry are in a statistical dead heat right now.

 Quien es Mas Negro? urlLink Quien es mas macho ? That's so over. We want to know which whigro is more black! Quien es mas negro , silver dollar . The blacker the berry the sweeter the Jesus Juice, nah mean. Theoretically, if we let our combatants loose on 125th street, which one would bring back the hydro , and which one would bring back oregano . And the categories of our little crunked up game are: Directorial alter ego : urlLink Ingmar Bergman had urlLink Max Von Sydow , urlLink Fellini had urlLink Marchello Mastroianni -- you get the jist. Which specimen of black manliness does our little whigro idealize himself as? Celebrity Urban Pals: Significant others. Peeps. Street Cred: Nothing says wigger like the accoutrements of a thuggernaut. Ghetto fabulosity is priceless. Afro-Asiatic Connects : The revolution will not be televised. When the Afro-Asiatic connect happens, you better recognize . When the black muslims with the funny outfits hook up with the martial artists and the Asian tiger economies, we're gonna find out once and for all whose world is this. Now , what have the combatants done to further this cause? And our contestants this week are two fine specimens of "the whigro," urlLink Quentin Tarantino , and urlLink Brett Ratner , who "grew up in Miami Beach, the only child of a famous Jewish socialite," according to IMDb. Let's get ready to rumble: Directorial alter ego : Quentin, I mean urlLink QT , has urlLink Sam Jackson Brett Ratner , the Rat, has urlLink Chris Tucker ... no contest. Winner: QT Pals: QT has urlLink Pam Grier The Rat has urlLink Russell Simmons and his new girl Serena Williams . Not to mention the rumored Naomi Campbell fling. Winner : The Rat. We love us our Pam Grier, but we don't thing she hangs with QT once the cameras are off and the paycheck has been signed. Rat directed hip hop videos, for gods sake, how black is that? Street Cred: QT once posed for Bikini Magazine with a 22 ouncer of malt liquor. The Rat is urlLink fucking Serena Williams . Enough said. Winner : No contest, hands down, The Rat. Now, if QT had been shown pouring out some of his urban concoction for "the dead Homies," that would be a serious mitigating factor. And it would have to be a 40 ouncer. 22's are for pussies, QT, come on, act like you know. Bish . Afro-Asiatic Connects : QT has Kill Bill , which has urlLink Vernita Green , who dies rather quick for our tastes, frankly. The Rat has The Rush Hour franchise, speeding up the day when the African and the Asian will clasp hands in a deadly kung fu grip thus putting the kibosh on The New World Order ... or at least that's what my friend Pookie from Uptown says. Quien es mas Negro? Brett Ratner . He's old school like that.

 The Ubiquity of Jack Shafer Where did Slate's urlLink Jack Shafer come from (link via the very cool urlLink Gawker )? All of a sudden Shafer is all over the media like urlLink The New York Times' RW Apple on a cheesecake! Is he a urlLink Raelian clone ? Has there ever been urlLink a more ambitious and successful online media personality covering the media? How does he do it? Every day this man figures out an angle to get him injected onto the media landscape. And boy, are we jealous ! (And you thought the green eyed monster was the post-St. Patty's Day hangover) Since The Corsair is so very bored with David Brooks ( zzzz ), we are now going to turn our attention to a media persona worth our snarky level gaze. So, without further ado, we inaugurate Shafer Watch (which is like urlLink Baywatch without all those meaningful jiggles): Thursday March 11 : "Publishes" urlLink tirade against our pals Gawker and Wonkette on Slate , "The Heaving Pukes Who Write Gawker and Wonkette." Upside : Gains attention from Poynter.org, which is important. And the Wonkette-Gawker reprisal means greater exposure. Downside : Reprisal? Payback is a bitch, Shafer; payback (sotto voce) is a bitch . Performance: B Sunday : New York Times Book Review , bashes Jayson Blair, for the umpteenth time, on behalf of all journalists, in the urlLink Old Gray Lady . Upside : The last word on the media story of the year. Downside : By Sunday, March 13th, Shafer was a little behind the curve, no? Performance: B Minus. Thursday : Apparently he wasn't the last word. Apparently, urlLink more needed to be said about Jayson Blair . "I played a small role in the Blair aggrandizement with a negative review of Burning Down in the March 14 New York Times Book Review." Really, Jack? Thanks for the disclosure, seeing as no one who reads your Slate piece would otherwise be aware. Upside : More media attention. Downside : Looks like you are stretching it a little bit thin , Shafer, especially when you have to rely on this sort of thing: "Allowing Jayson Blair to judge the ethics of a writeror publicationis a little like green-lighting Joseph Mengele to lead a malpractice investigation of Marcus Welby." Let's leave Mengele out of this, Jack, and while you're at it ... we liked urlLink Marcus Welby . Performance: C plus. Who knows what Jack Shafer will do next, but we can count on one thing: it will be covered by the media. But we don't playa hate here (shifts uncomfortably in seat) ... okay, maybe we do, but -- you -- don't playa hate, congratulate . And Jack Shafer is worthy of the kudos, he has somehow become as big a story as the people he covers in the media. Tell us how to do it, Jack ...

 A little of the Old In and Out In : Rem Koolhaas . Fancy yourself being an architect named Rem Koolhaas -- the world is your oyster, for you are Rem -- and if you do a good job on a project, people say to you, "hey ... cool house, Koolhaas." (silence, soonafter followed by the sound of crickets gently mating) Okay , admittedly that was a cheap laugh. Perhaps the urlLink cheapest I have ever stooped to conquer . urlLink Greg Lindsay brings us up to date on Rem's life: "Three years ago, Cond Nast hired architect Rem Koolhaas to lend advice to its editors, and up until now, his mug on the cover of Wired last summer was the only outside proof that hed ever been there at all. But it turns out hed been busy. Very busy, indeed. "He and his team had produced a book, for example a hardcover dictionary containing every word that had ever appeared in Wired, graphed by popularity. Its usefulness in the long run (and whether it was worth the effort) is up for debate, but hey, it looks neat." Kool and the gang. Out : The Bush advertorials on the drug bill. urlLink Roger Ebert in Romenesko's blog today has a great idea, "If tax dollars paid for those Bush advertorials, shouldn't the government bill the Bush campaign for the production costs?" In : Mel Gibson is having Doubts about George Bush . According to the Drudge Report , the Sean Hannity radio show will air an interview with Mel Gibson critical of the President. As urlLink Drudge reports : "In the interview, set to air on Tuesday, Gibson says of Bush: 'I am having doubts, of late. It mainly has to do with the weapons [of mass destruction] claims.' "The surprisingly critical comments from Gibson, a rare conservative voice in Hollywood, come as PASSION continues to dominate the boxoffice." Wild. I just love it when Drudge does words in ALL CAPS, you just know the Miami heat is getting him all loco in the membrane. Out : Way out. Passed out. Christian Slater passed out at a strip club. Remember when that little bastard's entire acting career -- his (makes ironical quote marks into the air) "repertoire" -- hinged on his impersonation of Jack Nicholson ? Oh how we laughed -- ooh, la la -- at his "uncanny mimicry," at his eerily accurate rendering. Hey Hollywood press -- he was a little kid copying his idol, no genius there, you drank his press agent's cool aid on that one. Anyhoo : these days he's starting to look a lot like Robert Downey, Jr . According to that significant cultural artifact urlLink Star Magazine , Slater may be an addict -- an addict of love , or, at the very least, " urlLink dirty pillows :" (cues for music, urlLink Tina Turner's "Private Dancer ") "At 2:10 p.m. the day after the Oscars, most of Hollywood was still sleeping off the previous night's festivities. But after a long night of partying, 34-year-old Christian Slater stumbled out of Los Angeles strip club 4 Play and hailed a cab, according to eyewitnesses. No, Slater hadn't stopped in for the free lunch buffet -- he had been there all night long, according to sources. On Feb. 29, after hitting the Vanity Fair Oscar party , Slater headed to 4 Play, a club he's patronized before that features all-nude dancers and offers private and secluded V.I.P dances for $20 a pop. "Slater and a male friend pulled right up to the stage.'He was just like any guy, throwing dollar bills and cheering the girls on,' says one patron. "After a short time, Slater became smitten with a 4 Play dancer named Leah , a 22-year-old buxom brunette whom he asked for a private dance. But by the time Leah finished shaking it on the main stage, Slater was already slumped low in his seat. He stumbled over to a nearby couch and proceeded to pass out for the night (and into the next morning and afternoon) still wearing his suit and sunglasses!" Graydon Carter should be offended. Mortified, really. How does Slater top off his Oscar bash? The 4 Play strip club. Imagine the cheek! In : Whitney Houston in rehab. Crack ... crack ... crack is whack, Whitney , and good of you to notice. urlLink Ananova reports : "Whitney Houston has entered a drug rehabilitation facility, her publicist has said. "Whitney 'thanks everyone for their support and prayers,' publicist Nancy Seltzer said in a statement in Los Angeles. She declined to offer any further details. "Houston, 40, admitted in a December 2002 programme on ABC television that she had abused drugs in the past, but said she had moved beyond that time through prayer." The Corsair wished the Browns best of luck, no snark at all in those sentiments. Out : The Jim Lehrer Newshour versus Christian Parenti and Katrina Vanden Heuvel . urlLink Cynthia Cotts of the Village Voice gives us the lowdown: Parenti , author of an upcoming book on occupied Iraq, was being interviewed by NewsHour's Ray Suarez . He and Middle East history professor Juan Cole were analyzing the recent suicide bombings in Iraq and various groups that might have been involved. Then something went terribly wrong: Parenti suggested that Halliburton and Bechtel have failed to provide 'meaningful reconstruction' and that the U.S. occupation might actually be contributing to the instability in Iraq. Lehrer apparently went ballistic." As a result, Jim Lehrer ran on March 4 an "Editor's Note acknowledging the mistake," which read, "For those who were watching two nights ago, a discussion about Iraq ended up not being as balanced as is our standard practice. While unintentional, it was indeed our mistake and we regret it." And Katrina Vanden Heuvel's response? 'We think Christian Parenti's reporting has been thorough and reliable,' she told (Cotts). 'This is a journalist who spent a great deal of time on the ground in Iraq." According to vanden Heuvel, Parenti's comments about the failure of meaningful reconstruction were based on his reporting and firsthand observation.' Stay tuned for round 2, where Jim Lehrer gives The Nation urlLink "the gasface" . In : But what I really want to do is Executive Produce . Kelsey Grammar produces UPN's Girlfriends, urlLink Sandra Bullock produces George Lopez , Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith will produce All of Us, urlLink Sylvester Stallone will produce The Contender , urlLink Dick Clark produces American Dreams -- everyone has their own project that they want shepharded. Executive Producing is the new black. And, in that vein, here's what I wrote way waay ahead of the curve on October 31, 2003: "Whatever happened to just wanting to be a writer and creator of an HBO Show? That's so 2002. Okay, fine, there is a certain coolness about Executive Producing , like, say, the great Michael Hirschorn does at VH1 on those X Generation nostalgia shows. Even Sandra Bulloch is in on the act with George Lopez . Then, of course, there are Courtney Cox and David Arquette and their design-fashion show. (BTW Was that Courtney Cox on the cover of Town and Country ? Has Cafe Society morphed into the Jet Set? Yes, alas, I trace the exact moment to when John Travolta occupied the cover story talking about his gaudy planes and not, say, Dina Merrill talking about the roses she grows in Newport, Rhode Island or Harry Bellafonte on the Harlem Rennaissance .) And then there was Graydon Carter's The Kid Stays In The Picture that started off the madness. First the End of Irony and now Executive Production mania! Do we blame Canada for this? Now, it appears, everyone wants to Executive Produce. Steven Soderberg of K Street, etc, etc, Will and Jada Pinkett Smith , Tom Cruise Executive Produced his ex wife Nicole Kidman in The Others and Rita Wilson exec produced My Big Fat Greek Wedding. You know what they say: a family that Executive Produces together .... But what happened to wanting to Direct? When did that all of a sudden become uncool? BTW: urlLink Fellini retrospective at the Guggenheim ; anyone who knows me knows that Mwangaguhunga loves to get his Fellini on." basta! Out : urlLink AdAge talked to Heart's Cathleen Black on Oprah, their partnership and that spectacularly well selling magazine of hers("Oprah is averaging 950,000 copies a month. It's over a 40% increase over the year before"), and, of course, the inevitable question: AA : "So what happens to that magazine if Oprah gets hit by a bus?" Ms. Black : "I don't know! Having just celebrated all of her 50th birthday celebrations from Chicago to Santa Barbara, I wish her a fantastic next 50 years, at least, and not just because of our partnership." Mixed : Douglas Faneuil . The always excellent urlLink Michael Musto analyzes Faneuil , and what may become of him: "As for Douglas Faneuil , the social set is torn between pegging him as a total rat fink or a noble whistle-blower, but either way, he proved to be the most credible witness, maybe because he clearly had a ghostwriter. ('It intensifies your tactile sensations and emotions,' he testified about Ecstasy.) Faneuil's cleverest move of all was that, in the midst of Team Martha's hope that he'd come off like a ditzy drug queen, he copped to just two Ecstasy uses. ('Say one," you can hear the lawyer strategizing. 'Nah, they'll never believe that.')" The jusy is out on young Faneuil. Mixed : Baby Heathcliff. urlLink Plum Sykes in FashionWireDaily , on her Juicy Jeans : I got three boxes delivered to me the other day; one marked Lucy, one Lucys husband, and one Lucys baby. Inside was a stash of Juicy Couture ! Heathcliff , my son, even got two Juicy tracksuits! In : You can skip to the next blog here if you want, I won't be hurt, I'm going to get a little geeky here with regards to The Great Books. Oh Lord help me, I love urlLink The New Criterion's pretentious weblog . What does that say about me? Don't say it out loud; I'm sensitive. Alas: "For a time it seemed almost like a rite of Spring. As April showers turned to May flowers, protest season arrived at the campus of Columbia University . But it has been a number of years--not since 1996--that there has been a sizable Columbia protest against its own Core Curriculum, the famous freshman year series of classes designed to bring each undergraduate up to speed on the basics of civilization and those texts formerly known as 'Great Books.' Why not? Have the tenured radicals retired? Oh, no. The reason for the lack of public protest is that there was a backlash to the radicals in '96. The indictments of the Dead White Male fell flat. David Denby's book on the Core was a best seller. The Curriculum almost seemed strengthened by the turmoil. So, if you are a radical, what to do?" Well, how about you throw in urlLink Dickinson , urlLink Woolf , urlLink Marie Curie , urlLink Confucius and urlLink Ralph Ellison in there and I'm down. The Corsair is a big booster for the Great Books, except when it becomes a "Great Books of Western Civilization" issue, then it becomes a white racial pride issue and you've lost me. Great Books do not belong to any culure but to mankind. And Marie Curie and Sun Tzu were geniuses in any universe. My cure for the Great Books debate? Internationalize it, mix in a UN vibe. Oh, and did I say urlLink The New Criterion weblog is interesting?

 Best And Worst Selling Magazine Covers The urlLink Media Industry Newsletter just put out their compilation of the best and worst selling magazines -- and, most importantly ,their covers, which contributed mightily to newsstand sales, for 2003. There are some shockers, the Economist , for example, that Bible for Machiavellian types, had as it's best selling issue for 2003, with a cover of Virgin Mary ("Bible and Koran"). Who knew?! And Jon Stewart -- poor guy -- was the single worst selling cover for Entertainment Weekly on October 31. But EW's Best seller is an odd surprise -- urlLink Sarah Michelle Gellar , giving her exit interview for Buffy , no doubt. Oh, the teenage girls still have that cover on their walls. We bloggers -- we proud few who heartily blog -- still worship you, in a Buffy-like devotion. For Forbes , another shocker, as the Best selling issue was a story called " urlLink Inside Dope (marijuana leaf on cover)." I guess the "Capitalist Tools" are purchased from the glass counter at the local head shop, no? And, finally, the Pauley Walnuts cover for TV Guide was their worst seller for 2003. Fuggedaboudit! ( ed note : due to work constraints, no blog posts tommorrow. Sorry.)

 Lunch With the Queen urlLink Alexandra Shulman , the editrix of urlLink British Vogue , joined the cream of British womanhood urlLink Women Achievers who lunched with Queen Elizabeth on March 11th. Shulman writes in urlLink the Telegraph : "At midday, the Victoria Memorial was surrounded by rows of taxis and chauffeured cars, waiting for access to the large palace courtyard. It looked like an upmarket queue for the cross-Channel ferry and included the same maddening experience of watching a car that seemingly joined later than your own getting ahead. Security was tight, with every car's undercarriage scanned for explosives, and progress was slow. "Once through the portals, we were given name badges and, surrounded by signs for the Ladies everywhere you looked, were ushered upstairs. We gathered in the sequence of massive staterooms, heated by electric bar fires and looked down upon by the spectacular royal art collection, including urlLink Vermeers and urlLink Van Dykes . Drink was copious - stiff gin and tonics outnumbering glasses of water, orange juice and wine - and, so civilised, smoking was allowed. " urlLink Baroness Thatcher stood in the centre of one room, shorter than one would have imagined, in a brilliant fuchsia suit, seemingly in top form and defying rumours of ill health as she tucked into her G&T. urlLink Cherie Blair , in blue stripes, chatted nearby. urlLink Zadie Smith floated around like a beautiful blues singer in a white fur jacket and red silk skirt with flowers in her hair, while Twiggy sported a purple tail coat as she chatted to urlLink Kate Moss in her vintage blue silk dress." Sounds yummy. The Age wrote, "Over sauteed loin of lamb and passionfruit cheesecake, the cream of British womanhood joined the Queen for a historic girls-only lunch to celebrate female achievement." Also at the gals only affair were the melancholy-eyed urlLink JK Rowling , urlLink Heather Mills-McCartney and teen diva urlLink Charlotte Church , were among the 180 powerful attendees.

 Is Roger Friedman Black? Well, now he is. Usually when I read the urlLink Foxnews 411 columnist I get a slow and mounting feeling of dread. Why would that harmless, bespectacled Fox entertainment reporter inspire such emo in me? Well, Roger (shuffles feet uncomfortably)... Roger ... Raj is just so much more knowledgeable about African American culture than I am. He makes me feel like I should go study my black history. Roger Friedman , ladies and gentlemen, is blacker than me. Imagine my anxiety when Roger riffed today about the history of black music. And he even got a little righteous: "It was Chuck Barksdale of urlLink the Dells who put it best when he told the audience that his group was accepting for 'The O'Jays , the Whispers , and the Chi-Lites . They're not going to wait 50 years.' The Dells were the only act among the seven inductees who were not allowed to perform two numbers. Even Harrison got two, and he's dead." The Chi-Lites ? What the --? I should know that kind of stuff, but I don't. My bad . As I said, Roger Friedman can be goddamned encyclopedic in his knowledge of black culture when he wants to be. When he is not writing on the Nation of Islam or Jacko , here he is, contemplating African American music-- well, almost too well. And so , in that manner, The Corsair proudly awards Roger Friedman the first Honorary Black Man Award , which confers advanced sexual prowess to the awardee. Who loves ya, baby?

 James Caviezel told JLo to Not Get Nekkid According to Ananova, James Caviezel , aka Jesus Christ, didn't want JLo to get nekkid during their steamy love scenes in the stinker urlLink Angel Eyes . Here is what Ananova says: " Jim Caviezel asked Jennifer Lopez to put some clothes back on before filming a raunchy sex scene with her. "The actor, now starring in Mel Gibson's Passion of Christ , appeared in Angel Eyes with J-Lo but didn't want to see her naked. "The newly married actor told Jen that he didn't want to offend his wife Kerri , reports the urlLink Daily Mirror . "I want to respect her," he said. "The only bare breasts I want next to me in my life belong to my wife." "An astonished J-Lo ended up filming the scene wearing both her bra and a pair of knickers. "Jim, a devout Catholic, prays for 15 minutes every morning before working out and went to mass every day while filming the Passion of Christ." Tee hee (chuckles softly) -- "knickers."

 Jayson Blair Interviewed by Black Table I am a contributor at urlLink Black Table , and there is something I've always wondered at: how do they get away with the quaestions they ask of people? Anyhoo: today they interview-flaggelate Jayson Blair. It is brutal. Or, as they psyche themselves up: "The steel toes are laced up, we're all hopped up on crystal meth, and we're completely devoid of self-esteem. It is, as they say, definitely on." It's on like Grey Poupon. A.L. Daulerio gives us the scoop (link via urlLink Gawker ) urlLink here .

 Howard Stern Declines Rolling Stone Cover . This morning Howard Stern informed his audience that he was offered the cover of urlLink Rolling Stone Magazine , but declined the offer, through his agent, and not just any agent, urlLink peasblossom , (sotto voce) " super agent," urlLink Don Buchwald . Apparently, Stern does not want to be the only face affixed to the urlLink decency over the airwaves controversy . And who can blame him as urlLink The Passion of The Christ tops the box office for the third week in a row, on its way to becoming the largest R-rated box office draw EVER: urlLink bigger than The Matrix ! "I don't want to be on the cover of Rolling Stone because urlLink Congress passed (this controverial) law ... it's not just about me," Stern said this morning, then mentioned that although he loves the magazine and Jann Wenner , the issue is about free speech, not about him. But wouldn't the cover of RS be the perfect place to defend himself? The college frat boy type whose parent buys them an RS holiday gift subscription provides a great platform to speechify on freedom of speech, no ? And I am no pal of Jann Wenner , as regular readers of this blog know. Which brings us round to this argument: Why is Howard Stern mounting such a weak defense of himself? Is the delicate tightropewalk with his ABC contract a factor in his moral calculus? Is he trying not to rock the boat too much as he prepares to urlLink lounge in the Barbara Walters chair ? Once upon a time, he would have marched an army of influential Nascar dads, policemen, college students, club kids, your garden variety freaks and, last but not least, Long Island construction workers to the nation's capitol to rally against the FCC. Storm the fucking gates of the empire! But no more. Now, in lieu of excercising the political power we all know he is capable of wielding (think Pataki , think Christie Todd Whitman , he "protests" by not reading live copy on the air , encouraging contributing to John Kerry's campaign fund while noting in the secure form that you are a "Howard Stern Fan'' in the vocation are. And Stern has been asking -- pleading -- for some urlLink Edward Murrow to take up the fight in his place. And only the punchdrunk George Carlin replies materializing from the ethers. Howard, if you want to stand up to the issue of censorship in these increasingly evangelical United States: you are going to have to lead the fight . There are no Ed Murrows anymore, ratings and profit making has trumped prestige and quality in an unprecedented reversal in the newsroom. Stern -- who is angling to be under the aegis of ABC News as opposed to ABC Entertainment whoud know that. Take up the spirit of the 60s, Mr. Stern, redeem your generation, and fight this as hard as you can . Then again, if your ABC TV deal is more important than this staple Baby Boomer issue -- free speech -- and you'd rather sell out for the comfy job, bermuda shorts and black socks, well ... you'd have ample company . urlLink Boomer's are ironically Eisnehoweresque like that. (PS: They didn't sell out ... they bought in) Incidentally, it is hugely unlikely that a free speech fight against the US government -- and being on the winning side should Kerry becomes President -- would hurt Stern's job at ABC. Rather the opposite, I would think. (PS: If you haven't urlLink gotten tickets already, get 'em ! Prince is doing a secret show tonight at Club Black NYC at around 11 Pm -- via the ultra pretty urlLink Ultragirrrl )

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : The New A List. Number one at the Box Office? Not necessary , cornbread. Primary victories? Nah . What do Owen Wilson , John Edwards , Johnny Depp , Angelina Jolie and Mary-Cate and Ashley all have in common? Aside from Depp's Pirates of the Caribbean , none of these new stars on the media landscape has had a stellar success, like, say, Tom Cruise , or John Kerry has, in their field. And yet we are fascinated by them. More fascinated by them, in fact, than their more successful counterparts. Julia Roberts is far more successful than Jolie , and yet -- who would you rather read about, or see on a magazine cover? Huh? And yet : has Jolie ever helmed a number one hit? John Edwards only won South Carolina, and yet, he is the urlLink Elvis of the Democrats . You can win, it seems, without winning , as these charismatic stars of Dc and LA -- or, as Ted Casablancas likes to say -- "Hell A" -- are proving. Go figure. Out : Vivika Fox ruins a $1.5 million dress . Apparently she was crunked up on some red wine. As urlLink Ananova reports (via urlLink IMDB ): " urlLink Kill Bill star Vivica A Fox has ruined a diamond-encrusted dress worth $1.5 million with red wine. " IMDb.com says the former girlfriend of 50 Cent made the gaffe at a showbiz party. "Designer urlLink Randi Rahm is now trying to salvage the Oscars dress, but says he's not angry with the star. "He tells People magazine: 'I got a beautiful Hollywood star who looked breathtaking in the dress. I'm not upset at all, it's all part of the deal!'" "He says he's busy removing the diamonds, throwing away the stained silk and making Fox a new version which uses beading instead of real diamonds." Redredwine it makes you feel so fine .... In : "The World is a Dangerous Place." This urlLink jejune cliche has been uttered by conservatives, sotto voce , for the past year, but it's frequency is increasing. Those 6 words are usually followed up by a rousing defense of unilateral action, a denunciation of international law and the UN, or some such fucked up long term strategic policy decision that involves energy resources. "The world is a dangerous place ... so we gotta be prepared," is one such line. It must be uttered in a nasally sort of 1950's Frank Sinatra manner-- preferably by Peggy Noonan on a Sunday morning talking head show. It's so very hip. So very. Out : Does Colin Powell Have the Keys to the Airplane? Says the urlLink AP : ''I think simply Powell, who I know, like and admire, has been never permitted to be fully a secretary of state in the way that I envision the secretary of state,'' said Senator John Kerry , a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. ''I think Powell I'm not sure they didn't lock the keys to the airplane up sometimes.'' On urlLink Stephanopoulos , Powell denied the allegation calling it "a stereotype (hmmm, what does the Secretary mean?)" In : Martha Wainwright . I just have the biggest crush on her. Why hasn't she taken off? urlLink She's brilliant ! She's a real mama-jama. Out : The monstrously stupid urlLink Dierdre Imus . The trophy wife (hmm, how about loving cup wife) of leathery shock jock Don Imus sat in on Tina Brown's Topic A last night and generally stunk up the place. Taking over "the stupid chair" previously occupied last week by the comedically challenged Kinky Friedman , Dierdre's catty and seriously unfunny contributions included saying of Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson , "we have (him) on tv with three chins." Charmed, I'm sure. And instead of giving her 'picks' to Tina, she gave these "clever chestnuts" her "predictions": 1) Donald Trump will marry himself; and 2) Kerry will dump Theresa Heinz and marry the powerball winner. Oh Dierdre -- please, fetch Quincy MD quick -- shnell! -- we just busted a gut laughing . And always in: urlLink Whatevs . We love us our Grambo fix.

 McCain and Kerry: The Phantom Menace What is up with urlLink Senator John McCain's odd, mysterious flirtations with Kerry's presidential posse, from across the Senate Republican cloak room and, quite frankly, the "across party lines reciprocations" from the Kerry camp? It's like a modern day West Side Story , with McCain, the former southwestern POW, a cagey shark from the Gulf of Mexico, and the craggy, preppy John Kerry, who looks like he stepped out of a urlLink Gilbert Stuart painting , is a Heinz 57 private corporate jet. And like West Side Story, their choreography is complicated and funky. Finally, it has more than a touch of political phantom menace . In other words, why is a Republican senator from a conservative southwestern state making oblique overtures towards the opposition presidential candidate in an election year? Why are Bush and Kerry fucking with the President? urlLink Robert Novak , always ahead of the curve, offers us this tasty hunk of urlLink yellow cake : "In this winter of Republican discontent, the last thing the Grand Old Party needed last week was Sen. John McCain leaving the door open for him to be John Kerry's Vice Presidential running mate on the Democratic ticket. That opening was tiny, and McCain quickly had it closed with a bang. Nevertheless, the incident was disturbing to knowledgeable Republicans. "A Kerry-McCain ticket is out of the question, and nobody knows it better than McCain. Then why did he for several hours last Wednesday permit what the Associated Press described as 'a glimmer of hope' for this unlikely combination? It reflects more than the senator's indisputable propensity for mischief-making. At a time when George W. Bush needs help and support, McCain is opposing him on a broad front of issues from tax cuts to global warming." On urlLink ABC's Good Morning America recently, John McCain said, ''John Kerry is a close friend of mine. We have been friends for years. Obviously, I would entertain it.'' Say --- What?! Then, last week, as if out of the blue, urlLink Ben Smith of the salmon colored media bible The Observer wrote in a story that, "A close adviser to Republican Senator John McCain is informally advising Senator John Kerry on his Presidential bid and may go to work for the Democrat's campaign." Hmmm. There are higher forces at work here. A phantom menace. The man in question, the Texan urlLink John Weaver , was political director to Mr. McCain's failed 2000 campaign against the President. So what's going on? One imagines an "impromptu" meeting with the President in the West Wing. Hmmm: President Bush : May the campaign contributions be with you, my padawan, how are you today? John McCain : Well, I'm not feeling too welcome with the urlLink Republicans , of late. Where's the love? The President : Really, John, sorry to hear that. What's all this crazy talk I hear about you as Kerry's running mate? Senator McCain : It's just speculation. I'm trying to put the kibosh on it once and for all, Mr. President. The President : That's good, John. Patience . Use the Force ... think. Senator McCain : Sorry, Mr. President. The President : Here, you dropped this (hands McCain his Republican Party membership card .) Senator McCain : Thank you, Mr. President. The President : (fatherly) Next time try not to lose it. Senator McCain : Thank you, Mr. President The President : (anxious) This weapon is your life! Senator McCain : (frustrated) I try , Mr. President. The President : (dejected) Why do I get the feeling you're going to be the election defeat of me? Senator McCain : (vehement) Don't say that, Mr. President. You're the closest thing to a leader I have. The President : (sadly) Then why don't you listen to me ? Senator McCain : (at last ...) I am trying , Mr. President. And a Preview from our next Corsair episode : McCain meets the dry, stately Kerry in his private campaign bunker, who declares, benignly , to the Arizona Republican, "You don't need Presidential guidance, John. In time, you will learn to trust your feelings. Then, you will be invincible. I have said it many times, you are the most gifted Senator I have ever met." McCain : Thank you, Mr. Nominee . Kerry : I see you becoming the greatest of all the Senators, John. Even more powerful urlLink Bill Clinton ." to be continued

 The Passion of Mel Gibson: Religious Actor Allegedly Cheats on Wife According to that significant cultural artifact urlLink the National Enquirer , Mel Gibson cheated on his wife with B movie actress urlLink Diane Alouise . Apparently she passed a lie detector test given to her by the tabloid. She says: "We drank like fish and made love more than 20 times. He never mentioned God or religion." urlLink Whatever .

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Angelina Jolie , pilot. Apparently not content with being an Oscar winning actress, UNHCR Goodwill Ambassador, former hillbilly wife and adoptive mom, restless Angelina Jolie , the future Mrs. Mwangaguhunga tells the urlLink Daily Record she is studying to be a licensed pilot. "'My dream is to deliver food and help people get from one place to another. "'Part of this is because every time (Maddox) sees a plane he's amazed. If I could fly a plane by the time he's four, I'll be like Superwoman to him.'" My dreams concerning Angelina Jolie and superwomen costumes, however, cannot be discussed here, in a family-friendly blog (come on, Disney might want to buy me out someday; you never know) Out : The hardest working man in show business, James Brown , is "disgusted" that the po-po didn't let him freshen up before taking his urlLink now infamous mug shot . The singer of "hotpants" told the urlLink Sydney Morning Herald (link via urlLink ananova ), "It was quite comical. You get a man out of bed and that kind of thing happens. "You don't get a chance to freshen yourself up. You expect that. Later on, I got my shave in and did my hair nicely, and I was smiling." James -- if I may call him that -- James stressed he wasn't angry about the arrest, just "disgusted." He went on: "For all I've done, the things I've tried to do and accomplished, just to treat me that way is an injustice in this country. "I'm not angry about it. I'm just a human being. It happened to our Lord, so who am I? It's been done to goodwill people since time began - urlLink Martin Luther King , urlLink John Kennedy , people around the world in one way or another. "I'm no better, and I thank God because it makes me stronger and I keep on going. The people's spirit lifts me. I'm just a human being reacting and I'm going to work." Let's hope the people's spirit, that antic bastard muse, moves Our Man James to stop beating up his wife and leading the police through multistate PCP-fueled high speed chases. In : The Florida Highway Patrol, policing the redneck Riviera, used an unfortunate slang word when referring to the girlfriend of a crunked up fellow officer. Apparently, urlLink according to the Smokinggun , Officer Rick Benton there is no decorum for a fellow officer arrested. In his actual arrest report, Rick Benton writes of 31-year-old corrections officer Travis McConchie and his girlfriend Bernadette : "Travis was stopped for speeding 73 in a 45 mph he failed to pull over for approximately 1/2 mile. His girlfriend was naked and weas sitting on top of him with her tits in his face." urlLink Okay, Roscoe P Coltrane : Since when is it okay for a cop to use slang on an official report? I mean, could't he find some burocratic term, like sweater muffins or dirty pillows? Why'd he have to go there? Why'd he have to sound like he was in a bar? Out : Is Kirstie Alley Out of control? Apparently, Mr. Fucking urlLink John Travolta , king of self indulgence, urlLink Mr. Buy My own Private Jet , name my son Jett (conceived, by the way, on a romantic weekend at Bruce Willis and Demi Moore's place), fly it at all hours and drive my neighbors batty, and then -- the piece de resistance -- make an urlLink unwatchable science fiction scientology religious movie , belives that Alley is out of control, according to urlLink The Star : "Former sex symbol Kirstie Alley's weight has gotten so out of control that, sources say, her good friend (and fellow Scientologist) John Travolta has staged an intervention to help keep her from ballooning even more. Kirstie, 53, who rose to fame and fortune with her role as the feisty Rebecca Howe on the hit '80s sitcom Cheers , has gone from va-va-voom voluptuous to formidably fat." In : The Spice Market . So in it's almost out . urlLink Page Six notes today that Tom Cruise likes the place: "Cruise, who celebrated the announcement of his split with (Penelope) Cruz by dining with Will Smith at urlLink Spice Market Thursday night, has yet to be linked to another woman. But the star won't be unattached for long, and Hollywood insiders speculate his next escort will likely be a Scientologist because Cruise has been devoting more time to his faith and surrounding himself with fellow Scientologists." And on Monday it will be surrounded in buzz (as well as the stench of blood and offal from the meatpacking district) as Janet Jackson's album relase party is held there, as Fix reports: "Virgin Records is throwing a CD release party for urlLink Damita Jo on Monday, March 29 urlLink for invited guests only . It will be held at Jean-Georges Vongerichten's Spice Market restaurant in New York City. Spice Market is located at 403 West 13th Street." Out : Michael Jackson . Sometimes the man is so out he's in, but not this time. Although Abrasion Magazine does a hilarious take on urlLink Jacko: The Bachelor . In : The latest crop of British It girl models are being touted by urlLink British Vogue . Anna J, " Next - walked for Alexander McQueen , Louis Vuitton , Missoni , Marc for Marc Jacobs , Prada , Burberry and Nina Ricci " and Renee Meyer, " Viva - walked for Chanel , Yohji Yamamoto and Kenzo " are particularly fetching looking. Out : urlLink Hello! Magazine goes mobile : Who's Next? We love our snarky gossip as much as the next person, but isn't it going too far when gossip goes cellular? And you know -- you just know -- that Hello will be followed by Us Weekly and Star and National Enquirer . Down time, as we know it, is almost over; welcome to the world of 24/7 gossip and cell phone nude pics of celebs in compromising positions. Not that we really mind thet, cornbread. In : Charlie Rangel wants to fight over prescription drugs. The fuzzy teddy bear who represents Harlem in the House of Representatives to the World's Last Superpower is getting punchy over prescription drugs. According to urlLink the Hill's Michael S. Gerber : "The top Democrat on the urlLink House Ways and Means Committee threatened to go to the House floor if Republicans deny his request to hold additional hearings on the administrations alleged cover-up of the estimated cost of last years prescription drug bill. If we dont hear from the chairman of the committee, we can take a privileged motion and go to the floor to demand that we get the consideration thats given to us under the rules as the minority, Rep. Charles Rangel (D-N.Y.) told Mark Bisnow of PolicyWonk Weekly . Okay, leaving aside the fact that I have just quoted something called PolicyWonk Weekly, this falls into the Democrat's strategy of tying as many probes and investigations to this administration as humanly possible as the election race heats up; so far urlLink I count nine . In other related news, the rumors regarding urlLink Fred Dicker's NY Post column about a vengeful Al Sharpton urging Adam Clayton Powell IV , Rangel's mortal enemy, his nemesis, Moriarty to his Holmes, to run against him again with his backing are sizzling the streets of Harlem. Out : Kathy Griffith , the D-List. For someone who doesn't care about shallow, fake celebrity culture Kathy Griffith has gone through quite a bit of plastic surgery. Quite a bit. Anyhoo : urlLink That Other Old Gray Lady reviews her new show, the D-List. Virginia Hefferman likes it, apparently. In : urlLink John Fowles .

 (Sorry guys. work deadlines prevent me from posting today. I'll post tommorrow.) urlLink Is my Blog HOT or NOT? and my urlLink blog and urlLink me

 William Safire on the 9/11 Commission Pity the great writer on politics and language William Safire . Why ? Well, aside from being a Pulitzer Prize winning former Nixon speechwriter and Senior columnist for the Old Gray Lady , he has a lot of new words to digest and interpret for his On Language column in the Sunday Magazine . These 9/11 hearings have given us all pause, what with their codewords spiralling out into the light of day. I wonder how urlLink Bill would analyze the 9/11 hearings of yesterday? Hmmm (dreamy fade away): Actionable Intelligence What is urlLink actionable intelligence ? And when, more precisely, is intelligence actionable? In response to questioning from the 9/11 commission on Tuesday, Secretary of Defense Donald "The Jockstrap" Rumsfeld said, "First, I know of no actionable intelligence since January 20, 2001 that would have allowed the U.S. to attack and capture or kill Usama bin Laden ." But in this matter we will give the last word to DC urlLink doyenne Sally Quinn , who is used to such gallant favors: Washington DC is a matriarchal society and I am the queen bee. Any incoming administration would be ill advised to get on my bad side early in the game. Ask urlLink Bill Clinton about that point sometime. Anyway , I received some action able intelligence via the Hill some time ago that urlLink Arianna Huffington coveted my social position. Well, I don't like to kiss and tell, but let's just say Arianna was last seen dropping out of the California recall debacle and urlLink producing telemovies . She'll never eat lunch in this town again. Draw your own conclusions. Sally Quinn, Washington DC The Washington Read "I have not read the book, " is not the sentence that the President utters most often, although, no doubt, he probably does. "I have not read the book," is the answer that many under questioning from the 9/11 Commission offer up. And what is the book in question? Why: It's urlLink Richard Clarke's urlLink Against All Enemies . Everyone it seems used plausible denial when asked whether or not they had read the book in question. Only one respondent admitted to "the Washington read," which entails scanning the index to see if anything is said about you. This reminds me of an incident between urlLink Norman Mailer and William F. Buckley : " William F. Buckley once sent fellow author Norman Mailer a copy of his latest book. Mailer, disappointed to find that Buckley had apparently neglected to inscribe the book, promptly flipped through the index to see whether he had been mentioned. There, beside his name, Mailer found Buckley's 'inscription' - a handwritten 'Hi!'" The adjectival Talmudic Let's get our " urlLink boots on the ground " and try to discover the use of urlLink Talmudic as an adjective by the 9/11 Commission. urlLink The New York Times Manual of Style and Usage by Allan Siegal and William G. Connolly says of Talmud, "The overall term (literally study) for the body of Jewish oral law and tradition." But what they don't mention is that studying the Talmud is thirsty work. Influential conservative philosopher Leo Strauss made many innovations in the study of ancient philosophical texts through his intimate knowledge the Talmud (Strauss was a rabinnical student) You won't see President Bush in the near future poring over the Talmud in the West Wing, deep in thought. And so, with that improbably image in mind, any text too complicated for Dubya will hereafter be called Talmudic . Thank You For Your Candor After testimony is given the commissioners tell those who have just testified, "Thank you for your candor." Where did this originate? Candor, of course, is derivative from the ancient Kryptonian city of urlLink Kand-or. "Kandor is ... harbored in the Fortress of Solitude until Superman can one day find a way to free the people from their dimensional prison. Until that day, Cerizah and the people of Kandor will feel safe knowing Superman is looking out for their well being."

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Richard Simmons , that Slapstick little bitch. ( ed note : each slap burns a grand total of 15 calories!) Perky and flamboyant was so 90s , we want slap happy, we want gin drinks hurled at unspeakable velocities across rooms. Drama, dear reader, is very in ; that never goes out of fashion. Imagine the following scenario: you are a man who likes pastry. You cannot have the pastry . You are a proud man. But your job entails that you be a punching bag for all manner of snarky tv hosts . Sometimes you are afflicted by black thoughts. But you must always smile while in public even when you're crying on the inside . The scenario above describes Richard Simmons , our Shakespearean fool in short shorts, our chubby muppet-like fitness guru. Only the folks at urlLink TheSmokinggun could capture the hallucinatory dream-like character of la vie when Richard keeps it gangsta: " Richard Simmons was arrested yesterday and charged with assaulting a Harley Davidson salesman during a confrontation at a Phoenix airport. No, that is not a joke. The 54-year-old fitness guru (5' 7", 155 pounds) laid the smackdown on one Chris Farney , a 23-year-old Mesa man (6' 1" and 255 pounds) who happens to cage wrestle in his spare time. According to the below Phoenix Police Department report, when Farney spotted Simmons (whose real first name is Milton) walking through the Sky Harbor International Airport , he said, 'Look, Richard Simmons. Drop your bags, let's rock to the 50's.' Farney told cops he was referring to an old Simmons workout tape. The diminutive star responded by walking over to the strapping Farney and saying, 'It's not nice to make fun of people with issues.' He then slapped Farney's face. The motorcycle salesman, who was not injured, called cops, who cited an 'emotional' and repentant Simmons for assault." Okay, tout ensemble , people: " Milton ?!" And, seriously, can't you just see Simmons, with dead shark eyes and a icy growl, saying, sotto voce, hands on hips for dramatic effect, "It's not nice to make fun of people with issues." Then Simmons slowly walks up to Farney, with malice in his eye and bad intentions in the cocked wrist, slapping the Harley Davidson salesman with a haymaker, not so much hurting the man's face, so much as hurting the man's feelings. Even cage wrestlers get the blues . Out : New School President and Democrat Bob Kerrey . Kerrey took the opportunity to play the partisan on a non-partisan committee investigating 9/11 by urlLink blasting Fox News publicly . Kerry was a moderate Democrat, but the New School is about as far to the left as an institution can possibly go. The New School is so far to the left, that Kerry's presidency has drawn fire. Apparently he wasn't democrat enough! So, keeping his embattled presidency in mind, you can see how Kerry would tone his comments of (makes ironical quote gestures) "outrage." No doubt he will have neutralized opposition to his presidency on campus and be welcomed as the conquering hero in Grenwhich Village by the time you read this blog. In : Diplomats are the new black. Sidney Pollack is filming urlLink The Interpreter in the UN . The Observer writes: "At a press conference at the United Nations earlier this month, Mr. Pollack said he 'hoped very much' to include some real live diplomats in the film, and was discussing it with the U.N. "'Weve had a lot of interest from the various diplomats,' Mr. Pollack said. 'Not only is that better for us, more authentic, but in each case theyll be playing who they are, so I dont have to worry about directing actors.' At the moment, the U.N.s office of legal affairs is looking into the possibility of diplomats doubling as actors." There are so many poignant lines about Machiavellian politics and acting that I might try out here, that remaining silent would probably be my best course. Out : urlLink Poison's Brett Michaels goes Country . We should have known something was up when he tried to pawn off 'Every Rose Has It's Thorn" as heavy metal fare. The Ap writes: "Michaels lived in Nashville for a few years in the late 1990s and was back there this month spending time with singer-songwriter Jeffrey Steele , who recently signed with Lofton Creek . Reportedly, Michaels is planning a country version of his song 'Every Rose Has Its Thorn.' And he's already dipped his toes into a country career. He makes a cameo in Tracy Lawrence's upcoming video for 'It's All How You Look At It.'" On his web site urlLink here you can see he is already sporting cowboy hats. Image is everythang, hoss. Once a man transitions his website, more is sure to follow. This may be the first transition from metal to country ever.

 Courtney and Kofi Asare urlLink here

 Village Voice: NYPD Admits to Hip Hop Intelligence Unit urlLink Today's Village Voice unleashes a bombshell today sure to reverberate through the music world and African American and latino culture. Apparently, the NYPD lied when the consistently denied, in the press, the existence of a surveillance of those in the hip hop community. This is, of course, utter and complete bullshit, as anyone who has ever seen the dark unmarked detective cars surveilling hip hop tour busses as they line up outside of Sony Music Studios on West 54th street knows. urlLink Dasun Allah of the Voice writes: "While earlier this week the department acknowledged consulting with Miami authorities, over the years the police brass have consistently denied that there is a team keeping tabs on rap stars and their entourages. A two-month investigation into the existence of such an intelligence squad produced revelations from a retired detective who says he was its founder and architect, and an admission from the NYPD that indeed there are officers assigned to do surveillance on people in and around the hiphop music scene." He continues: "'We have an intelligence division and we have detectives that monitor the music industry and any incidents regarding the music industry,'says Officer Doris Garcia , an NYPD spokesperson. 'And in regards to Miami P.D. we did exchange information, and thats it.'" Glad to see that under Bloomberg there is a certain frankness emerging out of the NYPD in our democracy, but still, this does not excuse the fact that the police, up until now, and only under direct questioning, out and out lied. And further, they are profiling an industry that is disportionately African American and Latino, which is fucked up . urlLink Dasun Allah goes on: "Hiphop music and fashion titan Russell Simmons thinks that the NYPD needs to contend with more serious concerns surveillance of rap stars, and questions their utilization of resources. 'They dont follow around every rock and roll outlaw. They should be following around all these drug dealers that are real obvious,' he says. 'You know who the drug dealers are. You know all of their names. Why are you wasting your police force energy on singers?'" Oh come on, Russell, you know the cops follow Kid Rock and Alanis Morrissette , you know they do. Uh, don't they? Read the VV article urlLink here . ( Update : a wise reader of the Velvet Rope forums named urlLink platinumhussy reminded me that the police used to surveil punk rock clubs, so this is not a new "racial" phenomenon in social science. Do the police have a right to this manner of surveiling? I don't know. Were they wrong in lying about the existence of the unit? I still believe so.) due to work constraints, The Corsair won't be blogging anything new tommorrow. Sorry

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Miami. A Miami 5 Year old boy apparently sprinkled the sweet leaf on a classmates lasagne at the school cafteria. His bad. urlLink The Associated Press reports: "Police say a 5-year-old boy brought a bag of marijuana to school and was sprinkling it over a friend's lasagna at the school cafeteria before a monitor intervened. "Police say it is unclear whether the kindergartner at urlLink Gratigny Elementary School even knew he was carrying the drugs on Monday. "The lasagna was confiscated before the other boy had a chance to eat it." Never let a kindergartener near your stash ! Apparently, Entertainment Tonight is going to do a show on whether or not John Kennedy Jr urlLink smoked pot . "Tonight on ET, we have new Kennedy bombshells: Did JFK JR. smoke pot? Was he diagnosed with ADD? Best-selling author urlLink LAURENCE LEAMER (The Kennedy Men: 1901-1963) reveals the shocking news he learned about JFK's son. Plus, we have the personal photos you've never seen before! "'John took marijuana the same way other people take a martini in the evening,' claims Leamer, whose Sons of Camelot: The Fate of an American Dynasty is in bookstores now. "In fact, Leamer says JFK Jr ., although he was not addicted to the herb, liked it so much he took it over the border to Canada during a road trip with pals. "His friends told me they were worried they'd be arrested,' says Leamer. 'John wanted to bring it with them.'" Fuck, Kennedy weed. You just know that must be better than hydro . Out : Hiding crack in your crack. First off, you would think that crack rock cocaine would be outre , I mean, look at what it did to that little old lady who tried to give urlLink Junior Soprano a "half and half" last Sunday night. Anyhoo : According to urlLink theSmokingGun , Jovon Williams had a rough night being searched by the police: " Jovon Williams , a 24-year-old Wisconsin man found himself with a difficult decision to make last week. After Milwaukee cops searched him for drugs, he could have either turned over the goods stashed in his pants, or found a new hiding place. Williams chose the latter. According to the ... search warrant affidavit filed in the circuit court, Williams told police, 'I didn't want to get caught with that dope, I got 18 rocks, you would've done the same thing, I stuffed it way up my ass.' As for the outcome, there's little doubt no stone was left unturned in the search for the crack." Let's just hope the cops had warm hands. In : Grief counselling for Martha Stewart Omnimedia employees. urlLink The National Enquirer reports that overdramatic workers could whine at operatic lengths to a paid professional: " ... employees of Martha Stewart's company were being offered 'grief counseling' -- after her conviction shocked, devastated and reduced them to tears. "After the guilty verdicts were announced, almost everyone felt complete and utter disbelief," disclosed a staffer at Martha Stewart Living magazine. "'We just couldn't believe that Martha would probably be going to prison.' "'The mood at the magazine was very somber and subdued -- and it has been ever since.' "'Everyone was walking around like zombies -- like there was a death in the family.'" As Martha would say, stone ground crackers go well with that urlLink whine . Out : urlLink Access Hollywood's Billy Bush is a dickface. Jason McIntyre of that significant urlLink cultural artifact Star Magazine writes: "At the Oscars, he brazenly played matchmaker for 13-year-old Keisha Castle- Hughes and veteran actor Johnny Depp . Then he had the gall to ask Naomi Watts , 'Watts up?' Just who is Billy Bush , and why is he always yelling? Bush , 32, the boisterous first cousin of President George W. Bush (Billy's dad is the brother of the first President Bush ), is certainly a rising star. As an entertainment correspondent for Access Hollywood, he has leaned over Alec Baldwin to talk to Sandra Bullock , and tried to ambush Ethan Hawke with off-color questions." Like I said: a dickface. In : Buttafucco. As in, urlLink Joey Buttafucco . He's back: in jail. He's in jail because he failed, as the urlLink Daily News writes : " Joey Buttafuoco , whose 17-year-old lover, Amy Fisher , became known as the Long Island Lolita after shooting his wife in the head, was sentenced to a year in jail for auto insurance fraud. "Buttafuoco, 48, pleaded guilty to a single felony count and was immediately booked into the Los Angeles County Jail. Prosecutors said Buttafuoco, who co-owns a San Fernando Valley body shop, told undercover agents how to file phony insurance claims. "Superior Court Judge David Horwitz also sentenced Buttafuoco to five years' probation and ordered him to pay more than $4,600 in restitution." The upside is that no one in jail is so desperate as to make Buttafuoco his "mistress." His Buttafuoco is safe.

 Kofi and Courtney: All I Wanted Was Some Chicken Nuggets urlLink Page Six gives us the goods on the apparently not homeless but merely bedraggled breast suckler, Kofi Asare : " Kofi Asare , 23, tells PAGE SIX he hopes to print the infamous image on T-shirts, and use it to further his dreams of becoming an actor or model. 'First there was Justin and Janet, and now there's Kofi and Courtney,' Asare crows. 'It's great exposure for me. I look at the picture and I think, Wow, that's a classic shot. It's controversial, but it's all in good fun .' "The photo - which shows a grinning Love pulling down her top while Asare suckles her like a newborn baby - has been burning up the Internet and is rumored to have been bought by the National Enquirer. "Asare says he was heading into Wendy's around 8 p.m. last Wednesday when he saw Love flashing her breasts at paparazzi outside. 'All I wanted was some chicken nuggets,' Asare says. 'I saw Miss Love flashing everyone. I had to push the envelope. I figured, 'This is a once in a lifetime opportunity.' She flashed me so I was like, 'May I?' She was cool with it. It wasn't like I was trying to do anything to degrade her. "'I just said, Thank you, and she got into her vehicle with some people she was with. They sped off and the paparazzi sped off after them.' Love was arrested hours later after she allegedly hit a fan with a microphone stand while performing at Plaid . "Asare, who is black, said he was offended after some identified him as 'homeless' when describing the photo. 'I didn't appreciate being vilified like that,' said Asare, a reservations agent for a limousine company who lives with his parents in Morningside Heights. 'It was an assassination of my character. I'm not homeless. I graduated from SUNY-New Paltz last year. I majored in public relations.'" I wouldn't advertise a graduation from New Paltz, but point taken. With regards to the more serious allegations about underage sex, the most excellent Page Sixers investigated, and Ted Nugent wasn' returning calls: "Meanwhile, Love went on Howard Stern's radio show yesterday and gave a rambling interview in which she claimed to have performed oral sex on rocker Ted Nugent when she was a 12-year-old groupie. Nugent did not return our call for comment. " Nor did he return emails from The Corsair .

 Courtney's Underage Ted Nugent Sex Allegation (scroll down for 60 Minutes piece) Another day Courtney Love bombshell, but this one is particularly disturbing, so I'll keep the snark to a minimum. One wonders if illegal underage sex is what Nugent means by urlLink quality of life upgrade that the Republican Party represents. On the urlLink Howard Stern Show today, Courtney Love admitted, after heavy questioning, to allegedly having had oral sex with Republican Ted Nugent at the age of twelve . This is an impossibly horrible revelation -- is there a statute of limitations for this sort of thing? -- and explains quite a bit about Courtney Love's disfunctional relationship to the rock and roll lifestyle. At the Republican convention several years back, Nugent gushed to ABC News, via a chat: "I was very proud to assist, with our urlLink Ted Nugent United Sportsmen of America Texas members, to send Ann Richards on her terminal nacho date with Cuomo and help elect a real American as governor of the great state of Texas. George W . Is my American Blood Brother." Nugent runs the urlLink Ted Nugent Camp for Kids , which, according to their website: "Following Fred's direction on their last hunt together, Ted created this incredibly successful Kamp for children to learn about nature and man together. A 100% volunteer 501C3 non-profit corporation. Ted Nugent Kamp for Kids is operated by qualified families and individuals who deeply care about children and their futures. Every child is treated with love, affection and spiritual guidance by our dedicated volunteers. Lessons in resource stewardship, individual accountability, the Ten Commandments , the Golden Rule , Hunter Safety and law , International Bow Education (IBEP ) and basic lesson in life are driven home in an open honest ,caring setting in the wild. Two weekends each summer for kids 9-15 will touch will touch them deeply for up-grade. True North." Finally, In a urlLink Salon interview in 2002, "(Nugent) names a wild boar after Janet Reno ('the only thing missing was the purple dress and he-man haircut'), and describes the same boar as emitting a 'Courtney Love -like squeal.'" No doubt the very folks urlLink Page Six and/or another entertainment outlet will be all over this tomorrow. We hope they can get Nugent to explain himself so we can get to the bottom of Love's serious allegations and whether they have a basis in fact. I'm sure that the evangelical former governor and current President would be pleased at the relation. Courtney Love called Howard Stern on his cell phone at around 8 am. "She thinks she can just pick up her phone (and call me) and we'll be doing my radio show," said the amused Stern. Apparently, Courtney has some trouble distinguishing between real life and the public persona, according to Howard's sidekick. "He knows how to be Howard Stern when he's off the air," snapped Robin Quivers , curtly. urlLink As the morning conversation continued, Stern asked Love, "so what's going to happen to you?" "I'm gonna have to retire," replied Courtney, tongue in cheek. On injured urlLink Daily News photographer Dara Kushner , Love was equally snarky, "her nose was grazed, but let's go out in an ambulance anyway." And Love didn't mince words when it came to backing Howard on his FCC problems. "Clear Channel can eat me -- give me some (props) for slamming Clear Channel for you." "... That's very brave," replied Stern. The two bantered about an upcoming Love appearance on Jay Leno . in which she hopes to come off as normal to America. "Leno is Letterman Lite," attacked Stern, who has been feuding with the former Doritos pitchman since The Tonight Show swiped Stuttering John Melendez . Finally, when Stern asked about urlLink the homeless man who suckled at her breast , she explained, "we were mobbed at a Wendy's -- I don't remember, he grabbed my body." Then, "how about I punch him and go to jail?" Then when asked what would happen in her custody battle as a result of the offending picture, Courtney snapped, "don't you go near Francis (Bean), she's fine." At "press" time, the two were still chatting it up; she had grabbed a cab from her loft came to the studio.

 Al Franken: Democratic Party Bouncer From time to time Al Franken likes to kick urlLink a little bit o' Ass -- Republican ass , playa. The other day he used just urlLink the right mix of hard power and soft power, so to speak, in a short term domestic conflagration. Didn't you know that Howard Dean's aggro speeches would one day cause some kind of ruckus sooner or later? urlLink The New York Times Magazine (subscription required) captures the frenzied mood surrounding Al Franken's rather "punchy" ass-whipping of a confused protester at a Howard Dean campign rally with the appropriate amount of gusto. But let me set a little ambiance for you , cornbread, cause that's the sorrt of thing Bloggers like to do. (plays urlLink Europe's The Final Countdown ) It is "the Sunday before the nation's first primary," at a Howard Dean rally in downtown Manchester. The New England winter is crisp; the mood is one of fighting back. The Republicans have been eating the lunch of the Democratic Party since Ca-lee-fohrn-eeaaah , and the midterm elections and, of course, the Supreme's 5/4 dance number that handed the Bushies the keys to the White House. Anyhoo : Our man on the scene, the NY Times writer, one Russell Shorto , feels it important for us to know -- at the outset -- that Franken's tushy is the stuff of the Gods, ambrosial: "From 1966 to 1969, Franken was a member of the varsity wrestling team at his high school in Hopkins, Minn. Six years after graduation, when he showed up in New York to begin work as a writer on the first season of urlLink 'Saturday Night Live ,' he was still almost as much an athlete as a comedian. ''He seemed like a total jock,'' says the comedian urlLink Laraine Newman , who was a member of the original cast. 'He always had a football in his hands when they were writing. And he had this very defined musculature. His butt was like a cut basketball. Which, you know, you don't normally see in comedy writers.'" No, no, one doesn't, Mr. Shorto , to be sure; but The Corsair's former girlfriends don't complain, we are in our early 30s after all is all I'm saying . Anyhoo : Let's bring on the rassling. Now for a spot of the old rough and tumble, Harvard-style --- bring-it-on!: "Onstage, Martin Sheen speaks first, then Dean's demure wife, then the suddenly embattled former governor of Vermont himself. Sometime after Dean begins taking questions from the audience, a manic-looking heckler starts to heckle, accusing Dean of 'covering up for Dick Cheney .' He gets louder. A couple of spindly members of Dean's security team approach him uncertainly; he swings his arms and keeps shouting. It goes on for several minutes and seems to be veering toward actual violence. Dean, the media, the members of the audience: nobody knows what to do." Oh, but our man Franken does, does he ever (wicked Rumsfeldian gleam in eyes): "At this moment Franken turns, cocks his head slightly, gives that well-known magnified, tortoise-shell-framed gaze and says: 'I think the two of us can get him out. You wanna do it?' After a pause that is meant to be emphatic, I say, 'No.' But it's too late: he's off, in rumpled jeans and a big down jacket, plowing up the aisle." Al Franken's old school like that. When he cocked his head you just knew: it was on like Gray Poupon . The Corsair imagines the Harvard educated simian, rumpled jeans and big brown jacket ruffling in the wind, the accoustical sounds of urlLink Six Million Dollar Man bionic sound effects stacattoed in the background ( da-da-da-da-da ...) as Franken-in-slow-motion-bolt approaches that unfortunate looney, head low and spectacles fogged: "By this time there is a confused scrum around the heckler, who is holding his ground and still ranting. Franken hits the floor, wedges himself among a couple dozen legs and puts the man in a wrestling hold, grabbing him at the knees." One can almost buckle at the beauty of the writing at this New York Times sports section style commentary, like that unfortunate freak, tumbling down the slippery slope into Prose Heaven. Oh, tell us more : "That destabilizes him, and others now quickly push him down the aisle and out the side door of the theater." Oh Al, destabilize the GOP; destabilize !: "Franken gets up, looking dazed; his glasses are snapped in two. He's quickly swarmed by confused but excited reporters who want to know, like, what was he doing?" He's kicking ass and taking names, gentlemen, Harvard-style . Snapped spectacles be damned! The Democrats are mad as hell and urlLink they're not gonna take it . Read the rest of the urlLink NY Times profile . Way to go, Big Man; at the upcoming Boston Dem convention, Big Al will be taking on a urlLink Larouchie with a weak knee . Be there or be square ...

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : According to NBC News Chief Foreign Affairs correspondent urlLink Andrea Mitchell on the Chris Matthews Show on Sunday, Hillary has let it be known in the Senate cloak room that she wants the Kerry Veep slot. Now, if only she had a strong military background, pull in the Southwest and was a urlLink prisoner of war in Korea . Then she'd be idea. Oh, and if only she were a Republican. Out : urlLink Alexandra Robbins . She is following up her best selling expose of Skull and Bones with Pledged: an expose of sororities in general. If only she had been tapped as a Bonesman, none of this vitriol would be streaming out of the presses. In: In an odd flash of anger, Ebert and pony boy Roeper unleashed some of their own vitriol on Hollywood urlLink on their tv show last week: Roeper : "(The Soprano's) is better than more than 50% of the feature movies we review here." Ebert : " --When you say more than 50%?" Roeper : "Probably more like 75%" Ebert : (stares angrily into the camera) "Yeah." What the fuck?! (*shivering* sips Cutty Sark) Ahh, the pause that refreshes! Out : Was Dick Clarke's 60 Minutes chat with Leslie Stahl an infomercial? Well, I notes that it would have problems with the right on Saturday, but not this particular set of problems. For one, Clarke's career was pretty much down the drains because he falsely predicted that the next terror war would be cyber, rather than the old fashioned variety. But does that make 60 Mins last night and infomercial? urlLink Matt Drudge seems to think so: "60 MINUTES pro Lesley Stahl is said to have been aware of the conflict before the program aired. [CBSNEWS.COM did add a disclaimer to its Internet coverage of the book over the weekend: "Against All Enemies," which is being published Monday by FREE PRESS, a subsidiary of SIMON & SCHUSTER. Both CBSNews.com and SIMON & SCHUSTER are units of VIACOM." And CBS RADIO did carry a disclaimer in its news coverage of the book.] " ... Earlier this year, it was Stahl who also profiled another author on 60 MINUTES -- for another book owned by VIACOMCBS -- without any disclaimer! "'The Price of Loyalty' by former Treasury Secretary, turned Bush critic, Paul O'Neill was financed, produced and released [and rolled-out at CBSNEWS] by VIACOM's SIMON & SCHUSTER. "Coming in future weeks, best-selling author Bob Woodward is set to release his PLAN OF ATTACK, a fresh look at the Bush White House. "Will the Woodward VIACOMSIMON&SCHUSTER product debut on: VIACOMSIMON&SCHUSTERCBS's 60 MINUTES? [EDITOR'S NOTE: STAHL'S INTERVIEW WITH CLARKE WAS THE TOP-RATED SHOW OF SUNDAY NIGHT WITH 11.9 RATING/19 SHARE.] Hey, urlLink Drudgie poo , do you think you can you tone it down with the all caps, please? I had a long night of drinking. Thanks much. In : Big Knickers ... huh? ... no, Sir, I am not a racist, I said Big Knickers, not ... oh, never mind. Anyhoo: as urlLink Kylie Minogue notes in Blender via Ananova , thongs are out, and big knickers are in, ostensibly to cover up all urlLink those buttock implants going around : "Kylie told Blender : 'Big knickers are back. Women want comfort again. And I don't mean the sort of underwear our grandmothers wore. "'It'll be more French and sexy, but definitely bigger. The G-string is last year's thing. The thong is gone! The flossing has finished!'" Out : Airheaded but sexy older woman urlLink Deborah Norville got spanked by Howie Kurtz on urlLink Reliable Sources on Sunday. No, not like that, get your minds out of the gutter. Apparently, Norville's gang on her new urlLink MSNBC talkfest (stinkfest?) mistook urlLink an Onion story for a real news story and ran with it. urlLink Embarassingly, Norville's peeps denied that they had gotten it wrong, telling Howard Kurtz when he asked for comment that they were in on the joke, meant the story as a spoof and simply forget to credit the Onion. Riiiight . When we want a sexy older woman, we'll go with urlLink Old Hag . In : Doing things naked. Last week we noted Darryl Hannah and Carmen Electra , suspiciously close to upcoming projects, admitted that they like to jog and play drums, respectively -- in the buff! Add urlLink Alanis Morrisette's name to the bunch. She notes that she likes to walk around naked: "The singer who appeared naked in video urlLink Thank U , said: "I walk around naked all the time. I'm a leave-the-bathroom-door-open nudist, which is sometimes disconcerting for my friends." "She says even her parents share her habit of discarding their clothes at home. She added: 'We all walked around naked when it was appropriate, there wasn't a lot of shame to it.' "She says her parents were on the 'periphery of hippiedom' although she herself didn't totally embrace the hippie lifestyle, says the Daily Record ." Oh yeah, she just happens to have urlLink So-Called Chaos coming out on May 17 on Maverick Records , but that's just a coincidence , peeps. fin (we'll always be together; together in urlLink electric dreams )

 The Condi Rice 9/11 Testimony Drinking Game (Thanks, Wonkette) National Security Advisor Condi Rice's testimony will probably have as much gravity as urlLink Watergate , as well it should. The 9/11 Commission is trying to find out what went wrong, how did the worst terrorist attack in our history catch us off guard? Finding those answers is the job of the Commission. And what of us? What of we policy geeks who called in sick to our jobs (*cough, cough*) so that we could watch (family emergency) this historic moment (stomach virus) uninterrupted by work ? Drink , my sweet readers; let the urlLink Cutty Sark cut the gravity. urlLink Wonkette had the idea , but because the day got away from her, I felt I should give it a shot. I give to you, dear reader, with special mention to Wonkette for the idea, The Condi Rice 9/11 Commission Drinking Game : Take one drink if: ... Condi refers to White House documentation: memos, e-mails or agenda items ... Condi says she wants to "work with the Commission" (every time she does) Take two drinks if: ... Condi's opening statement goes beyond 20 minutes ... Condi puts down Richard Clarke Pound it if: ... Former Senator urlLink Bob Kerry makes an outrageous statement ... A Republican on the panel tells Bob Kerry that he is being partisan ... Condi puts down the Clinton Administration ... The Commission breaks into verbal jousting among themselves

 In Media Res: Simon Dumenco Defends the Indie Spirit in the Mag Industry "On a recent warm night in New York City, I suffered for my art (or for this column, at least): I went to the launch party for Cargo," begins urlLink Simon Dumenco in Folio Mag , very honestly, with a faint ring of melancholy, like in Charlie Brown comic strip. Although he is old friends with the publisher of Cargo , Alan Katz , Dumenco writes, "I suppose my problem my attitude problem is that my wires cross when I contemplate something like Cargo because I can't quite picture editors there thinking, 'Thank god for the ad sales staff they make it possible for me to .' Do what, exactly? Okay, to be fair, Cargo does engage in journalism of a sort it covers the, uh, shopping beat. But a journalistic enterprise sheared entirely of narrative with no trace of the essential human impulse for meaningful storytelling well, I just can't wrap my mind around it." Then Dumenco's narrative latches onto Alan Light , former Editor in Chief of Spin , who is putting out Tracks ; odds are not in favor of Tracks, but Dumenco writes: "In the crush of the Cargo crowd, I'd briefly become separated from (his companion), and when I found her again she was talking to her friend Alan Light , the editor-in-chief of Tracks , the music magazine for boomers. As I talked to this Alan, I wanted to give him a bear hug." Tracks is about music for grown ups, all the stuff that didn't get into Spin that frustrated Light over the years. And of that indie spirit, Dumenco says: "I like that Tracks exists. I like that it can exist. And I like that major liquor conglomerates and car companies ( Absolut and Nissan ) have come in, even though shock of all shocks Tracks never writes about booze or minivans. " Cargo is the future, of course: media about product consumption begetting more product consumption. But it will always carry some daunting, anti-journalistic baggage. (Can it ever be anything but advertiser-friendly? Can it be expected to tell us, in any great measure, what not to buy?)" Very good column. Adam Moss at New York Magazine urlLink FashionWireDaily peeps in at the behind the scened transition of Adam Moss as new editor at urlLink New York Magazine : "Just as Mayor Moss put the finishing touches on New York's interior design issue coming out next week, he made some decorative decisions of his own. First he repainted his corner office, which has a view of urlLink St. Patricks Cathedral . Then, in what came as a shock to staffers, he tore down an artistic, translucent glass wall that separates his office from the main hallway and built a solid white wall in its place. Unlike the classic newsroom, where editors like Bonnie Fuller , Patrick McCarthy , and Cindi Leive like to feel close to their worker-bees, Mayor Moss built his wall and is staying behind it, interviewing 'a slew of mid-level editors,' according to an insider." He tore down the translucent glass ? The peasant ! Someone get urlLink Stanley Crouch to issue a beat down. Go urlLink Fashionwire spies . Why did I just have so much fun on that esoteric subject? Does this mean MossWatch ? We'll see. Al Gore and Al Franken Launch -- with some difficulty -- Left Networks The story is shaky, but Al Gore is supposed to be urlLink buying News World International (and with it, alas, the CBC , some of the best investigative reporting into humanitarian efforts globally) early this week for roughly $70 million from various investors for his youth oriented liberal tv network. But the urlLink story is changing fast , so it might not happen. Apparently, one -- or possibly more -- of the investors may have gotten cold feet. urlLink Joe Hagan of The Observer chronicles the long hard slough: "It wasnt easy for Mr. Gore to get his hands on NWI . According to two sources familiar with the situation, Mr. Gore went so far as to seek the influence of French President Jacques Chirac in buying the channel, hoping that Mr. Chirac would aid him in landing a sweetened deal with Vivendi chief executive Jean-Ren Fourtou and quick. That request resulted in a meeting last summer with executives of Universal Television Group and Vivendis chief operating officer, Jean-Bernard Levy . At the time, however, Vivendi was preparing to sell its cable properties to NBC, which temporarily stalled Mr. Gores media ambitions. "The deal was delayed for nearly a year, most recently by Barry Diller , chairman and chief executive of InterActive Corp . As the former owner of USA Networks , which he sold to Vivendi for $10 billion in 2001, Mr. Diller still owned a stake in those properties. Sources said Vivendi was keen on selling NWI to Mr. Gore, but Mr. Diller needed to resolve his ownership in Universal properties first. One source with knowledge of the situation suggested that Mr. Diller had stalled the deal as a bargaining chip to improve his take on Vivendis sale of Universal to NBC. But a spokeswoman for Mr. Diller disputed that. 'It was only Mr. Gore who asked us to reconsider, given how long the process was taking,' she said, 'to which we did agree to let this asset escape from our J.V. [joint venture], for no consideration of any kind or as part of any discussion with Vivendi.'" "In any case, the path was cleared for Mr. Gores group to close the deal. Its not clear where Mr. Gore and Mr. Hyatt rounded up the money, or how they will cover the gargantuan programming costs to come. But as you may recall, Mr. Gores first gig after the election of 2000 was becoming vice chairman of Metropolitan West Financial Inc. , headquartered in Los Angeles, which hired him to explore high-tech investments. With the assistance of Peter Knight , his former Democratic fund-raiser and a managing director at Metropolitan West , Mr. Gore had access to scores of investors, according to sources close to him." Related story from urlLink The Independent's Andrew Gumbel : "'Broadcasting from an underground bunker 3,500ft below Dick Cheney's bunker, Air America radio is on the air," announced Al Franken , the comedian and Bush satirist who carries the weight of the new venture largely on his shoulders. "At least, that is what he was supposed to have announced. Here in Los Angeles, one of a handful of major cities receiving the Air America signal on distinctly out-of-the-way stations, we got a dying blast of Mexican mariachi music, then an abortive programme announcement, then a lot of awkward silence followed by a few bars of the Beatles singing, 'I Wanna Hold Your Hand.' "When Al Franken's noontime show finally aired, we were accidentally given the second hour first. The first hour came on third. There was, of course, the option of listening on the internet, but the server kept crashing because of listener overload. "Teething troubles were perhaps inevitable in a venture of this size, but they were greeted with delight by conservative radio pundits who cannot wait to watch Mr Franken and his roster of celebrity colleagues fail." Let's hope Al and Al are just going through "teething troubles." They can be expected in a new venture, but this is a lot in so short a perios. Sloppy . Sometimes it seems -- especially after Arnold, the 2000 election and the midterms -- that the Left is in a very, very difficult position to get out of. The Week Ahead: Sunday : CB S' 60 Minutes Bashes Bush again, for the third week in a row, leaving Our Frat Boy in Chief within an inch of his political life. This time: urlLink A Toxic Chemical Cover Up . "A government whistle-blower says the Bush administration covered up the reasons for a toxic coal slurry spill in Appalachia that ranks among the worst environmental disasters in U.S. history. " urlLink Jack Spadaro tells Correspondent Bob Simon that political appointees in the Department of Labor whitewashed a report that said an energy company that had contributed to the Republican Party was responsible for the 300-million gallon spill. "Simon's report will be broadcast on 60 Minutes , Sunday, April 4, at 7 p.m. ET/PT" So, did Bush kill urlLink Don Hewitt's granddaughter's pet bunny or something? I feel as if I'm missing some context; some preamble . In other words: It's getting a little personal in herre ... Not that we here at The Corsair are pro-Bush or anything, but sometimes one does feel sorry for the man who just wanted to clear his daddy's name (and, coincidentally his) from the word "one term failure." Now, Leslie Stahl willing, he will join urlLink Poppy fishing on Fidelity up in Kennebunkport, wondering what went wrong. Now, Don, a little advice, if you want to keep your journalistic street cred, why don't you start doing some stories about corruptions in the Democratic Party -- you know they are there ; I know they are there. That way, by alternating the blame, you make what you say sound credible . Otherwise, you just look to 1/2 of the country as being reflexively anti-Bush, which you are, and I am too, cornbread, but we want to keep it on the down low, aint nobody have to know ... Monday : A Prayer Vigil For Whitney Houston . On Maundy Monday, April 5th, from 7 to 9 (doors open at 6) a free prayer vigil with the African Amrican elite at The Abyssinian Baptist Church, which is located at: 132 Odell Clark Place, formerly West 138th Street, between Adam Clayton Powell, Jr. and Malcolm X Boulevards, also known as 7th and Lenox Avenues. BY SUBWAY Take the 2 or 3 train to the 135th Street and Lenox Avenue station. Walk north on Lenox Avenue 3 blocks to West 138th Street and west toward Adam Clayton Powell, Jr. Boulevard to the Church. You can also take the B or C train to the 135th Street and St. Nicholas Avenue station. Walk north to West 138th Street and east 3 blocks to the Church. Thursday : This is going to be the week of the Black woman. Monday it is all Whitney, and Thursday it is all urlLink Condi . Her testimony to the 9/11 Commission will be the urlLink most important event of the day. Will Condi ever get to leave the Bush administration on her own legs and get that urlLink MPAA Presidency that she covets so much when Valenti retires next month? Tune in tommorrow for As The NSA Turns ...

 A Little of the Old In and Out: In : urlLink Chris Martin Kicking A Bit O' Papparazzi Ass . I'm not a fan of the frosty La Paltrow (she's the type that ignored me) or Martin's mellow Cold Play , but isn't it Biology 101 that teaches us that primates get fucking punchy when strangers start acting all aggro while they are in the late stages of making a baby. So, I have a hard time shedding tears for the papparazi on the wrong end of Chris Martin's boots, as urlLink Ananova reports via urlLink Sky News : "'He kicked me from behind and I crashed to the ground,' (a) 34-year-old photographer said. ( The Corsair softly chuckles) "'It was stupid, dangerous and violent. He seems to think it is OK for him to be violent to photographers because he is a celebrity.' "( Alessandro Copetti ) has made a formal complaint to police about the alleged incident. "A spokesman for Martin said the photographer had been 'aggressive' and had tripped as he ran after the couple's cab. Kick him when he's down , Cold Player, that's the best time to kick a man threatening your family. Out : Monkey love . While we're on the subject of primates, well, not on them directly, but you get the picture, I hope -- let us speak on the love that none dare speak it's name ... ( sotto voce ) monkey love . urlLink According to The National Enquirer , that significant cultural artifact, The Rock was accosted, in a disgusting manner, by some of our evolutionary cousins, on the set of last year's sleeper hit urlLink 'The Rundown' : " ... There were other representatives from the animal kingdom that perked up 'The urlLink Rundown set. "The monkeys chosen for one key scene were adolescents in an 'almost permanent state of arousal' and they were constantly jumping on and off the actors, divulged The Rock : "'I can never look at a monkey the same way again.'" They were trying to get a piece of the rock? In : Elaine's . Was it ever out? urlLink Liz Smith writes , "HarperCollins moguls Jane Friedman and Maureen O'Brien were grinning from ear-to-ear. They feel they have a true winner in their Hotchner tale of how urlLink Elaine Kaufman did it almost entirely by herself, starting about 40 years ago. She opened her unpretentious and clubby cafe in 1963, and today it's still a nightly hit. "'I was asked by Fox New Channel's fair and balanced reporters to tell what I like best about Elaine's. I said truthfully that I love the food and wouldn't order a veal chop anywhere else in America - except maybe at Le Cirque .'" Yeah, Liz, and I enjoyed the salmon at Elaine's too, back in the Clinton days. Alas, urlLink lax mercury emissions standards by the Bushies will keep me from "Elaine's salmon" (ahem, so to speak ) for the forseable future ... Out : Washington Geeks . Okay, I am fascinated by Washington DC culture and the power plays that go on in that imperial capitol. I'm fascinated that cold reptilian calculation can land some irrelevant hayseed a Congressional seat, or the best lobbying game in town. But sometimes, every so often, an event just comes up just really lets us know that the affairs of our chic little empire are in the hands of pocket protector wearing pencil necked geeks and lobbyists -- not that I am a bigot. I love all kinds of people, provided they are funny. Why (gets dramatic) some of my best friends are geeks! Anyhoo : This is such an event, covered, diligently, by urlLink The Hill , which is good on these sorts of things: "Some 500 staffers will rise early on Sunday -- daylight-saving time and all -- in an effort to give their respective offices bragging rights in the Credit Union Cherry Blossom Ten-Mile Run . "Each year, some of the most spirited competition in the annual race is for the Capitol Hill team title the 'Capitol Hill Competition Cup' awarded to the four-person team with the best aggregate time. "This year?s colorful entries from the Senate include Dorgan's Dashers , Fritz's Last Run from the Commerce Committee, the Raucus Baucus Caucus , the Couch Potatoes from Sen. Mike Crapo's (R-Idaho) office, Levin Ya in the Dust, the Inappropriators from the Appropriations Committee, the Vermonsters from Sen. Pat Leahy's (D-Vt.) office and Jeff's Joggers from Sen. Jeff Bingaman's (D-N.M.) office. Jesus Fucking Christ! Afterwards, the stewards of the global American Empire will retire to Senator Inoye's offices for some Nescafe , urlLink Parcheesi and urlLink Monty Python videos , discussing who's hotter -- Jennifer Garner or Agent Mulder. urlLink This truly is the revenge of the nerds (note in the link: pony boy studs Mo Rocca and Paul Wolfowitz trading tips on bagging imperial debutantes). Benson and Hedges cigarettes will be smoked in abundance. In : urlLink Zbigniew Brzezinski's auditioning hard for a Kerry Secretary of State position. Oh, so hard. Although his name is Zbigniew Brzezinski , his friends call him Zbig (and although my name is Ron Mwangaguhunga , my friends call me bubbles). Our Zbig Newton took a bit of a b"chewing out" at the hands of urlLink The New York Review of Books , but it has not yet proven that anyone currently living still reads that publication. I mean, other than me (cops to some geekiness on that). Out : Serbia . The Powell Doctrine issued a urlLink firm bitchslap to Serbia this week. Apparently the Serbs don't yet realize that we are rapidly moving towards an era of international law, for they see serbia as beyond the law of nations. But the bitchslap and US withholding $25 million in aid must be rough ... trust me (rubs cheek ... ruefully) I know whereof I speak when I say Colin's bitchslaps ... can .... sting (shakes fist at computer screen) ... hypothetically, of course. In! : urlLink The Smokinggun collects all the legal documents leading up to Kurt Cobain's suicide in honor (?) of the tenth anniversary. And, although it is more than a bit creepy, it is dry, like the law, and the best chronicle of all the participants involved in the tragedy. urlLink Draw your own conclusions . And, also In : urlLink Washingtonian socialite Deeda Blair is New York bound . In your face, Washington DC! (gives them the urlLink gasface ) The Washington Post writes: "The fact that longtime Washingtonian urlLink Deeda Blair and her husband, William McCormick Blair Jr ., are selling their Foxhall Road home and moving to New York means that the capital will lose its most visible link to the rarefied world of international style. "Washington has more than its share of boldface names and people of global importance. And it has a perfectly respectable number of well-dressed men and women who balance the whims of fashion with a strong sense of self. But urlLink Deeda Blair , with her halo of gray streaked hair, sharp cheekbones and a confident posture that carries off everything from Chanel ruffles to Chado silk faille, has been, for more than four decades, the winning retort for those who defend Washington's honor against fashion insiders who deride the nation's capital as a scarred landscape overwhelmed by dowdiness and lacking in pulchritude." Score at Halftime : Fifth Avenue Ladies Who Lunch on Salad : 1; Georgetown Big Haired Socialites : 0; yessss; in your face Next : we take their lunch money.

 Sir John Gielgud: A Life in letters All quotes below come from the new book, urlLink John Gielgud, A Life in Letters, Introduced and Edited by Richard Mangan : "27 June, 1976, to Hugh Wheeler : "I finally succumbed to play a small part for a lot of money in the urlLink Caligula of urlLink Gore Vidal . Martin is very cross with me for accepting it as I was originally offered Tiberius (now to be played by Peter O'Toole ) and my first scene was to come out of a pool, with a plaster over my nose and exzema all over my face, to reveal two children, boy and girl, emerging from under my tunic where they were dallying with me. So I loftily refused and had a stinkingly rude letter from Gore saying he supposed I'd never read Suetonius, and how dared I go round saying good actors would be ashamed to appear in such pornography. Then a week or two ago came an offer for this part -- a Senator who cuts his veins in his bath and disapproves of everything, and I thought, well, why not? What Vidal and I will say to each other if and when we meet, I tremble to prophesy. I must say I never liked him. (Caligula) is backed by the owner of Penthouse Magazine! ( Bob Guccione )" "28 May to George Pitcher and Ed Cone : "I have agreed, after a certain amount of bribery, to come over to be in a film ( urlLink Arther ) with urlLink Dudley Moore -- my old butler image -- to be made on location in New York ... the picture is a bit common, it seems to me, trying, but not succeding, to be a kind of Woody Allen fantasy -- but my part is good and might perhaps be funny if the director (who also is the author of the script) is urlLink clever . His name is Steve Gordon . urlLink Liza Minelli is also to be in it. There are scenes in motorcars, Tiffany's, Bloomingdales, etc. I only pray it won't be too appalingly hot, as I am very prim and dressed up. I have a death scene in the hospital wearing a cowboy hat. Keep your derision for when you see the film." "20 Oct 1996 to Irene Worth : "( urlLink Claire Bloom's ) book ( urlLink Leaving A Doll's House ) about her lovers and marriages has created something of a sensation. Very painful reading, but no doubt she needs the money badly. All the name dropping will sell it well, I'm sure. But sad." "1995 20 Feb to George Pitcher and Ed Cone : "No work at the moment except for some odd recording jobs. Frightful gales and storms. I can;t help being riveted by the (O.J) Simpson trial. Martin gave me Sky (tv) where it is to be seen nightly, though he says I should be ashamed of myself for watching it." All quotes below come from the new book, urlLink John Gielgud, A Life in Letters, Introduced and Edited by Richard Mangan

 The Next Administration It is Friday in New York City and the sky is dark and heavy, suggesting a pregnant pause before the storm. Armed with a half full glass of urlLink Cutty Sark and urlLink Monteverdi on the radio, politics is in my crosshairs. So, who will win the Veepstakes on both sides? The Machiavellian undermining and backroom conniving is already in full swing (ah, K-Street: your tax dollars at work ) just in time as the cherry blossoms blossom in Georgetown. I think we can all agree, with strategic winks and nods, dear readers, that sometime within the next few months , Dick Cheney will announce that because of "health issues" (wink, wink), he will step down as Vice President, just in time for an exciting convention in Manhattan wherein all manner of mystery will be unveiled. Dubya will then be forced to find someone -- anyone -- who can make up for those massive Electoral College votes from Cheney's powerhouse native state of Wyoming (softly chuckles); what will the President ever do without Wyoming. So, who ? The Bush family is dynastic, or, as Kevin Phillips says in his book urlLink American Dynasty : "The Bush family has never produced a doctor, teacher, scholar or lawyer of note. As far back as World War I, the family's single-minded focus has been on three major areas: intelligence, energy and national security. It is no coincidence that these three categories of Bush family operations were also three of the key enterprises of the American twentieth century." That having been said, Bush will set the ground of inevitability for a Jeb Bush Presidency as soon as possible (if he achieves a second term). That's why Rudy Giuliani -- of the mercurial temperament, the maverick -- would be a bad choice: Rudy doesn't play well with others. But Giuliani did take care of urlLink his messy marriage problem , marrying Judith Nathan , which will please Bible Belters. And then there is the Republican Convention in New york, around the anniversary of 9/11. All of which suggest the inevitability of Rudy, who is New York royalty, the prestige-statesman factor alone is powerful. But Giuliani cannot even deliver New york State, which leans heavily in favor of Kerry. Nor will he help the ticket with the conservative base. However, Rudy, an Ethnic Italian moderate could be of use with those all important Reagan Democrats, as he is considered a law and order moderate. Also, Giuliani has a ton of GOP IOU's from the mid term elections; elected Republicans all over the country would go to the mat for him in their districts. Finally -- and this is crass, forgive me -- the momentum of a convention coming off of 9/11 with Giuliani on the ticket would be massive. Giuliani: 50-50 odds Other players : George Pataki : Pro : An old Bush dynasty ally; Con : Fucked up New York. Giuliani would be stronger. 90-1 urlLink Senator Danforth : Missouri is a swing state and, for some reason, this guy popped into my head. Great speaker. An honest man. Evangelical. Likeable. 75-1 Colin Powell : This would be a desperate Hail Mary Pass, but very, very possible. It would throw off the neocon power base and realign all manner of forces. One of those forces would be what the fuck would Democrats do if African Americans defected to the GOP. I mean, hey, there isn't a single African American senator, and look at all the plum jobs that blacks get with Republicans. Powell is dangerously popular, fiercely loyal to the Bush dynasty, and -- bonus! -- Alma Powell will not allow him to run for the Presidency, setting things up for Jeb in 2008. Possibly as much prestige as Giuliani. 50-50 Wild Card : There is always the possibility of a wild card that no one can predict. A business titan? (Not likely, not in this Enron climate). Chances are that if there is a wild card, he or she will be old and will come from Missouri, New Mexico, New Hampshire, Oregon or Ohio. And what of California and the Shwarzenegger factor: Is Cali in play? 65-1

 The Next Secretary of State Democrats Walter Isaacson : It may not yet be his time. Wise, Aspen leader. N'Orleans Democrat with Founding Father best seller and media-philosophy cred. 85-1 Zbigniew Brzezinski : This man's name is more complicated than mine -- and that's a feat. He is auditioning hard with urlLink his new tome , which took a bit of an ass whipping in the urlLink New York Review of Books . He is unbelieveably brash for a man who armed urlLink the Mujahadein . A little too inside for Kerry to get away with appointing, then again, Jimmy Carter broke everyone's heart when he campaigned as a urlLink peanut farming outsider , then appointed the ultimate Trilateralist insider urlLink Cyrus Vance to State. 65-1 Richard Holbrooke : No one wants State more than Ambassador Holbrooke. And, while we are on the subject, since when do UN Ambassadors urlLink go out with Diane Sawyer ? Huh, urlLink Dick ? urlLink Impressive resume . Holbrooke is a master operator and a player who cultivates the air of inevitability that he will ultimately be the Secretary of State of the US, the world's last standing superpower, astride the globe like a mighty colossus. 50-50 urlLink Jamie Rubin : It may not be his time yet. He is too young, the John Edwards of the foreign policy elite set. urlLink Madeline Albright's pretty toy boy . A lock as possible UN Ambassador under Kerry. Hedged his bets on urlLink Wesley Clarke , and lost. Side note: His wife, Christiane Amanpour , may be the most important television journalist, and he himself is on the fast track to UN Ambassador, State, and, possibly, UN Secretary General. This is the glamour couple for the next age: The Age of International Law. 95-1 urlLink Gary Hart : This is my favorite choice, because now that Daniel Patrick Moynihan has passed on, no one is wiser or more intelligent on such a wide variety of subjects than Hart. And he gets along well with Kerry. Affairs will not matter at State, although you can be sure convoluted arguments will come from the Bible Belt ("hey, his past infidelities could be used as against you by a foreign spy.") 50-50 Republicans Now this here is the only game in town. Three major figures want this post: urlLink Newt Gingrich : A favorite of the Hawkish conservatives. So ambitious that he urlLink attacked Colin Powell in the urlLink neocon rags . While still sitting at State. Oh, it was on like urlLink Gray Poupon ! An enemy of George Bush the Elder , which may hurt his chances of advancing in the Bush dynasty. Poppy still has juice. 50-50 James Baker : You don't get any oilier than urlLink James E. Baker , who allegedly called Arabs, "sand ni**ers at a cabinet meeting." Baker is the dirtiest player in the game. Reeks of thwarted ambition. Why was George Bush, that punk President and he -- he, the mastermind -- secretary of state?! And only for part of the term at that! An unfinished Secretary of State stewardship, helping your Poppy's reelection: come on Dubya, you owe me . 50-50 Paul Bremer : A Bush favorite. Close with the Dynasty. His fortunes within the dynasty depend entirely upon the Iraqi power handoff, and whether he scores, or drops the ball. Slim chance. 90-1

 The Democratic Party Veepstakes Ever since urlLink NBC News Chief Foreign Affairs Correspondent Andrea Mitchell , a graduate student in power, the wife of Fed Reserve Chief Allan Greenspan , suggested that urlLink Hillary Clinton wants the veep slot , it has been hers to lose. The problem with Hillary is that she doesn't bring much to the ticket. Kerry does well with women. Kerry will win New York. Kerry will win the Northeast. In a way, Hillary woudl have been much more useful to the ticket had she run for the Senate seat in Arkansas, where a Southern base would mark her head and shoulders above the sunny and potimistic bright Senator John Edwards , which, quite frankly, she is not. The problem with Hillary is that she was too tepid, she didn't run; Edwards did -- and thus, among many, he should get the nod, it's his turn . Hillary Odds: 50-50 John Edwards : Neck and neck with Hill. Pro: Electoral College votes. A bombshell convention speech in Prime time to show off his looks. A player in the party to come. 50-50 urlLink Max Cleland . The Corsair believes that he is the likely choice for a running mate. Pros: From Georgia, brings the South back into the mix ... former Senator ... triple amutee war hero would make a strong veterans campaign with Kerry -- and Vets are liely Republican voters ... expert on Homeland Security (big plus, as national security is a Republican stronghold) which Bill Clinton in a closed door meeting warned that the nominee must be strong on ... strong on health care ... could humiliate chicken hawk Cheney in a debate Cons : Health might be an issue. ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 : it's a fucking long ass sojourn through the country for a Veep, from Labor Day till the election -- can Cleland do it? I think so. Odds on favorite ) urlLink Gary Hart Pros : Vast intellect, PhD, Oxford, Political Philosophy ... wise from his time out in the political wilderness ... Strong in the Southwest ... devastating debator Cons : Old adultery charge may still stick in the Bible Belt ... may be more useful to the Democratic Party in a Senate bid against the very weak Ben Knighthorse Campbell ( note : Campbell will not seek relection) ... Possible Secretary of State, a la his hero, Jefferson ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 ) urlLink Bill Richardson Pros: Governor of ultra-crucial New Mexico ... Latino ... former UN Ambassador and urlLink seasoned diplomat would give international cooperation credit points to ticket Cons : None. ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 : hot like salsa) urlLink Wesley Clark Pros: Longshot, but if he wins big in Oklahoma and the conservative Southwest he could be in the cut ... General would give strong military backing to ticket ... would humiliate chickenhawk Cheney in a debate ... strong with African-Americans Cons : Too closely tied to Bill Clinton, who wants Hillary '08, which may be an issue. ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 : Wes is bitter as the Clintonistas dumped his ass as soon as he started looking like yesterday's donuts. Could be Sec of Defense in a Kerry White House. An effective military attack dog. Will work well with a Cleland Veep) urlLink Dick Gephardt Pros : Outside of Cleland and Edwards, the most likely running mate ... most popular pol in pivotal swing state Missouri ... would be perfect for a Kerry-Gephardt Northern labor-veterans strategy against a Bush South ... comes with the backing of labor, a Democratic must needs ... a truly good guy who dropped out and endorsed Kerry early: he did the right thing Cons : Wooden on the stump, charismatically challenged (ed note: Feb 14, 2004: this ticket may be too damn Northern top heavy. Could be the greatest and most powerful Sec of Labor in US history in a Kerry White House) urlLink Evan Bayh Pros: Young up and comer, popular moderate Democrat from a Republican state ... would look good stumping with Kerry ... strong political family ... Would play well in Bush states ... hugely ambitious for national office, a quick study Cons : A long shot ... may not even be able to deliver Indiana, his home state, against Bush ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 : not bloody likely, but it would harken to the Tom Sawyer-Huck Finnish days of Clinton-Gore '92) urlLink Bob Graham Pros : Most Aggressively Campaigning for this position ... got out early ... most popular elected official in CRUCIAL Florida ... Senate Intelligence Committee Cons : Bad ticker ... charisma challenged. (ed note: Feb 14, 2004: The Corsair believes that Graham, who lusts after this position so badly that our computer screen is blurred, prolly had a deal with the Dean peeps, so he may be radioactive to Kerry; then again loyalty, in politics, is urlLink mobile, like la donna )

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Barry Manilow . The popular and "mellow" inger of urlLink Mandy and the "mild" urlLink Sweet Melissa ("Sweet Melissa, angel of my lifetime") is a bit of a jerk, in a cool way, though, I suppose. urlLink The Star reports : "We did three one-night shows with (Manilow) and each night he wanted a big bowl of pistachio nuts in his dressing room. But, they had to be shelled. "So each night I had to spend 45 minutes to an hour shelling all these pistachio nuts for him. I did that on all three nights. I guess when you're a big star you can get people to do things like that for you. "But he never ate one." Fucking pistacio nuts, that's killer. Out : Matt Drudge , urlLink fashion plate . Hey, what the fuck is up with Drudgie-poo today? It's the ninth birthday, so -- what? That gives Matt the right to audition for a Southwestern menswear catalogue? "The dude" writes: "It's hard to think of a time without the Internet at the ready. Hard to recall an age when information was not flowing free; borderless and without edit." Edit, Drudgie ... edit! In : Pouncing on urlLink Amanda Hesser of the New York Times . Wow, urlLink poor Amanda Hesser has taken a urlLink beating all over the urlLink blogosphere . And The Corsair wants to know one thing: can I join the pile on ? The best time to beat someone is when they are down.

 originally published Feb 25 President Bush and Dick Cheney: A Dialogue It's no secret that Dick Cheney is urlLink not a popular man throughout the land. urlLink Even his daughter may have something to say about the Administration's ban on gay marriage. In fact, many urlLink consider him too powerful . But now that polls show urlLink Bush trailing potential challengers John Edwards and John Kerry , he may want to consider a stronger ticket. In other words, could urlLink Dubya ask Cheney to step down "for the good of the party"? You know, a "health related" stepping down. Is Bush powerful enough? Here's a little imagined dialogue of possibility: Cheney : Mr. President? Dubya : Good to see you, Dickster, hows the ticker doin'? Cheney : Oh, fine, sir; got a clean bill of health. Dubya : Oh, is that so (sly smile plays on his lips). Are ya sure you wouldn't want to take some time off? Cheney : Sir? Dubya : You know, like the entire second term . Cheney : (dumbfounded) Wh- aat ? Dubya : Well, it's this war thing, Dickie, sorry to say. Nothing personal. If Kerry picks someone like urlLink former Senator Cleland and runs as a veteran who cares, then we are in deep doo doo . I can't run on a urlLink National Security platform down south if they start rallying vets against you for being such a goddamned urlLink chicken hawk Cheney : But, sir, I object, I -- Dubya : No, I know you aren't a goddamned chicken hawk, Dick. Wouldn't have asked you to join the ticket if you were. But politics is about the perception . How else do you think I urlLink broke John McCain in South Carolina in 2000? Cheney : But I was Defense Secretary -- Dubya : Speaking of that. Didn't you administer pop's First Persian Gulf War? Cheney : (puffs up) Why yes, I did indeed. Dubya : And who was the general in the field, he had a funny name. Polish or somethin' Cheney : (nervous) Shwarzkopf, er ... urlLink Norman Shwarzkopf . Dubya : (smiles) Stormin' Norman, I like that. See that, Dickie, we've already got a nickname for him. Cheney : But, sir -- Dubya : And he's from Florida , isn't he? Cheney : Uhm, yes, sir -- Dubya : Perfect (reaches for a pretzel). Him or urlLink Giuliani would be just the ticket for the ticket. Giuliani at the New York convention would be perfect. I'd campaign in the South, and Rudy would just stay right there in the tri state area of NY, Jersey and Connecticut. Cheney : (desperation) But, if I may speak frankly, what about Wyoming, sir. You couldn't have swept that state without me on the ticket. Dubya : I guess we'll just have to manage Wyoming's whopping three electoral college votes without ya, Dickster. A vacation is a good thing. Sound mind and all that. Wishful thinking on The Corsair's part?

 Heidi Fleiss versus Jamie Lynn DiScala That significant cultural artifact urlLink The Star fuels a mini-celebrity catfight. Uhm, okay, strike that: make that a quasi-celebrity B-List catfight, to be exact , cornbread. Former Hollywood Madam and current lingerie shopkeeper Heidi Fleiss apparently didn't like Jamie Lynn DiScala's (AKA, Meadow Soprano : we know, that whole DiScala thing threw us, too) portrayal of her life. urlLink Star reporters Brenda You & Jennifer Birn note: "To get into character, Jamie-Lynn 'did a lot of research -- watching documentaries, reading Heidi's book, poring over articles about her,' she says. 'I also had to lose some weight. I stopped weight training so I could have a frail frame because Heidi was notorious for her figure and how small she was.' That wasn't the only difference. "I've never had any experience with drugs,' adds Jamie-Lynn. 'So I had to do a lot of research on the effects of [drugs].' Fleiss was a documented user." And Heidi's response to the dedicated Jamie? " ... Fleiss, 38, the real-life 'Hollywood Madam' who spent 21 months in prison after her prostitution ring was busted in 1993, tells Star she is miffed over being played by the HBO starlet. 'My [movie] deal is with Paramount Studios and Nicole Kidman ,' claims Fleiss. 'I've read what Jamie-Lynn has to say and it's obvious she doesn't have a clue who I am!' she continues. 'I'm big-time. I'm not a made-for-TV movie. I'm big-screen, baby.'" It's all Hollywood, baby, but just in case Fleiss might want to watch out for 300-lb goomba's wielding telephone books and Saturday Night Specials (yes, I pilfered that reference from gritty 70s urban dramas like urlLink Good Times ). So, Kick back, break out the urlLink Riunite on Ice , and weigh in your thoughts on my little bitty post on the VH1 Best Week Ever blog right urlLink here

 Congressional Diva and Jacko The Corsair hears that tout le power players in Washington DC -- that imperial capitol -- is abuzz over Jacko's visit to Reprentative Sheila Jackson Lee ( D-Texas). urlLink Sam Dealey of The Hill writes of the urlLink eventoid : "Denizens of the Rayburn House Office Buildings fourth floor were sent into a tizzy Tuesday night when urlLink Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Texas) made what they regarded as an outrageous after-hours demand. "In anticipation of pop icon Michael Jacksons controversial visit with the congresswoman, Jackson Lees staff gave short notice to her Rayburn neighbors that their hallway would be closed the next day from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Offices were told they must submit beforehand a list of visitors expected during that eight-hour timeframe and that the Capitol Police would bar any unannounced visitors." "Jackson met yesterday with Jackson Lee and several African ambassadors in a session that began nearly an hour behind schedule. The pop star, who faces felony charges for sexual molestation of minors, has decried the AIDS epidemic during his brief visit to the Capitol." And urlLink Wonkette reports, "Says one GOP aide, 'Just because the self-proclaimed Queen wants to meet the self- proclaimed King doesnt mean she can shut down the hallway.'" urlLink Michael Janofsky of the New York Times said of the visit, "Hallways were packed. Security was tight. Photographers were poised everywhere." Not since Clooney and Soderberg stunk up the town on urlLink K-Street , making all the big haired Georgetown socialites and blousy Congressional paige's and lobbyist women swoon ...

 Page Six Blind Item Guess Once again, urlLink the most excellent Page Six has set urlLink tongues a wagging in the blogosphere with their blind items. urlLink The Sixers write today : "WHICH plucky pop tart lived up to her bad-girl image with some X-rated action at the recent World Music Awards in Monaco? We're told that the songbird was invited to an orgy by a certain sex-obsessed aristocrat, who ended up with a royal pain after the singer used a sex toy on him. Our heroine coyly referred to the unprintable incident by telling reporters she had a 'strapping good time in Monaco.'" Sex-obsessed aristocrat is easy: urlLink Prince Albert of Monaco . Now, who is the songbird? Let's work this out together: the key words here are "plucky pop tart," and "strapping good time," those are they keys, respectively, to the nature of the singer, and her sense of humor. My guess -- and this is just a guess to all those slap happy lawyers out there --- is that this is urlLink Mariah Carey , and don't ask me why I made this guess. urlLink She seems more Albert's type than urlLink Dido or urlLink Pink , who also attended. I could be wrong, though. Yo, Chris Wilson , Most excellent urlLink Page Sixer , if you're reading this, hook a brother up on the DL, nah mean?

 A Bit of the Old In and Out In : Brian Lamb reads at least 52 books a year. In today's urlLink WashingtonPost.com chat , everyone's favorite and cuddly government geek confessed, "I read a book a week, 52 guests a year." Now, why did we already suspect that interesting little piece of info? The next time we need setting straight on the administration of James Knox Polk , Bri Guy will be the one we talk to first. Out : Curry in a hurry; the flavors of Bombay. Michael Caine is opening a curry restaurant. Why does a 71 year old British Lord, wealthy beyond all measure, famous, and still getting acting roles want the bother with urlLink the spice ? I can't tell you, but urlLink Ananova notes, "Sir Michael, 71, said: 'I have been out of the restaurant business for quite a few years. "'This particular project is the first venture that has excited me enough to get back into the business, and I am really looking forward to it.'" Sounds excellent (said with a high sarcasm), now why don't you get me some mango chutney to go with this flavorful feast? In : Happy April Fool's Day / Happy Birthday : Novelist urlLink Milan Kundera turns 75 today. Born on April Fools Day? Draw your own conclusions, keemo sabe. Out : urlLink Tina Brown on Richard Clarke's 9/11 Commission testimony. "... His was a reality show, but it was also reality. People may have had a hard time identifying with urlLink Paul O'Neill's abortive adventure at Treasury -- a high-priced CEO who made a bad career choice, he never lost the aroma of the boardroom -- but Clarke, for all his scary IQ, is somebody we recognize. Every office has someone like him, a super-competent guy whose big, square, argumentative head you learn to dread when it appears around the door announcing bad news." "Big, square argumentative head"? Hey, sister (balls up fists, acts punchy, like Robert Blake in Baretta), you better watch-who-you're-talking-to with that (struts) fake Upper Crust British Accent ! My head's not big ... it, just -- you know -- it has to contain a lot more info than regular folks , like. Yeah, that's it; that's my story and I'm sticking to it. And just what (cattily) precisely does the aroma of the boardroom smell like, huh? Teen spirit? My guess: hookers and blow. In : The Passion of The Mel. urlLink Cindy Adams relates the latest Mel Gibson quote involving violence and martyrdom, from the People Magazine 30th Anniversary issue. His defining moment? "Watching his toddler Hannah toddle onto a street 'with traffic flying by.' He "knocked old ladies out of the way, ran through glass cabinets, jumped over everything and grabbed her just as she was stepping into the street. I think I s- - - my pants." Nice image, Mel. Out : Jocelyn, "The Cat Lady" Wildenstein. Why are they letting urlLink this woman into fashion week events? Is it fashionable to mutilate oneself? urlLink Her claws may scratch the tents! Does she mistake the true meaning of the catwalk? Fashionweekdaily ran a quickie interview (and please feel free to linger and observe the hideous freakishness of her leonine visage in that link) at LA Fashion Week, " Fashweek : What pieces did you like? Lion Lady : I love it! I love it! Its all related to Africa. Its very exciting!' *Ugandan-born blogger Ron Mwangaguhunga begins to shiver uncontrollably ... * In : urlLink Hirschfeld spoofs Jim Romenesko . For those of you who can't get enough of meta-media navel gazing, and I can't, here's an urlLink ironic twist and a link to editor Lou Grant's blog. Most best : " Howell Raines signed a three figure deal with Reaganbooks to pen the inside story of his stewardship of the New York Times as managing editor. 'I've been holding back, but this will let me lift the veil on the Grey Lady and how the bitch led me on but never put out for my genius,' he said. The initial printing of 50 books is slated for early winter of '05." That Old Grey Lady: la donna e mobile . Out : urlLink The New York Press . As someone who used to write for them, I know whereof I speak when I say that the New York Press is irrelevant. Worse, they seem to be under the illusion that blogs are the irrelevant, and they are still influential. The Press attacks urlLink Choire Sicha , urlLink Elizabeth Spiers , and basically all of us, through Lloyd Grove , who sometimes reports on the blogosphere. The Corsair passes by filled boxes on the sidewalks of Manhattan, and I have not for years now seen anyone taking one, or even carrying one with him on his travels. urlLink Back when it was cool , The Press was a factor. Again, urlLink as someone who has written for The Press , trust me. It has become an Eastern European literary rag. In : Fashion designer Jenni Kayne made a big impression on LA's fashion week. Accordijng to urlLink Fashionweekdaily , "Shes only 21, but Jenni Kayne the FAO Schwartz heiress-turned-designer pulled in fashion weeks hottest crowd to date, and her clothes stood up to her star power." And star power she has ... just ask Dustin Hoffman , who brought his whole family to check out her show "'My son Jake went to high school with Jenni,' ... I left the John Kerry benefit to come here with my kids and support her. I even missed Kerrys speech.' Out : Me, apparently; I'm out. urlLink Anonymous Outsider puts me in my place. Okay, so I love Michael Musto 's column and have been a reader for nearly a decade. Boy-o-boy, did he get me (throws in the towel). Oh well (smiles), I'll work hard in the next few months to "regain the eye of the tiger." Anonymous Outsider does a nice job on the media, check him -- or her -- out urlLink here . In : The very cool urlLink Old Hag and me are both looking forward to Tom Perrotta's new book, urlLink Little Children . Out : The It Bag. I'm not sure what that means, but my guess is that it has something to do with Louis Vuitton . Joel Schumacher , the man who singlehandedly destroyed the Batman movie franchise waxes metaphysical on fashion, "Who picks the 'It Bag'? My friend Minnie Driver told me the designers pick out about 12 girls and give them the bag. And then everybody wants it -- then they make it scarce. Is that true? Does that really work? Is that all there is to it? The movie business should try that." Oh yeah, well my pal Minnie Ho said urlLink casting Clooney as Batman was a sucky executive decision . In : Costars fucking. Call me naive, but I never got how actors could slip in and out of the beds of their costars, now -- voila! -- urlLink Mickey Knox, in The Good The Bad and the Dolce Vita (published, ironically by Nation Books , as in Nation Magazine ) gives the most solid explanation: "Sooner rather than later costars fuck. It makes life much easier working together, rubs the rough edges off ego clashes, and together they have the power to protect themselves against the vagaries of the director or producer." Now I understand Hollywood .

 Rachel Hunter on the State of Supermodels In urlLink People Magazine's Scoop section, former supermodel (does one ever truly lose the status?) and MILF hottie urlLink Stacey's Mom , Rachel Hunter summed up the talent in the roo: People : Has modelling changed a lot since you started? Rachel Hunter : How I was discovered was, I was on the beach. And that's how they find girls. It wasn't these determined little 13 year olds who are like this, 'This is what I want to do.' That scares me -- that this is what we're breeding. Okay ; walking around the bitterness inherent in that statement, Rachel, actually, The Corsair is more scared at the idea of modelling scouts patrolling beaches for 13-year old girls than the determined teens. And, on the QT, Rachel Hunter is dating Anthoney de Rothschild , who is nine years younger. urlLink According to Ananova , she met him "while promoting Ultimo gel-filled bras in London ... Anthony is the son of urlLink Sir Evelyn de Rothschild and is heir to a 300 million fortune." Britain's urlLink 3 AM Girls , as usual, put it all into context, ""He is a very good catch. But you can see why he's so taken with Rachel. She makes a change to the upper class girls who may only be after his money." Earlier in the article, the 3 AM Girls conclude, "And this one is worth more than exes Rod Stewart and Robbie Williams put together."

 Michael Musto Rocks We already read Musto as soon as it comes out on Tuesdays online, so I was really blown away that urlLink Michael Musto , one of our all time favorite writers and tv commentators urlLink gave me a mention . From the bottom of my snarky heart Michael, honorary black man, Thanks ed note: because of work I won't be blogging tomorrow. sorry

 Cissy Houston To Hold Harlem Prayer Vigil For Whitney I swear to God, Fox's Roger Friedman is the blackest white man in the entertainment reporting business. Today he gives us the scoop on Whitney Houston , with a little blue eyed soul. He writes: " Whitney Houston's mother is taking a stand on her children's substance abuse problems. " Cissy Houston , the great R&B and gospel singer, is leading a prayer vigil next Monday night in Harlem. In a simple announcement on New York radio station KISS-FM Houston called the two-hour event 'mothers praying for healing.' "'Let us pray for healing and deliverance,' Houston said in the recorded message, 'for our children affected by substance abuse.' "The event will held from 7 to 9 p.m. at the urlLink Abyssinian Baptist Church . Sources tell me that by Monday Houston and others involved in the planning should have quite a team of performers, celebrities and clergy who will participate. My guess is that Cissy's cousins Dionne and Dee Dee Warwick , as well as many other notables, will attend." Shouldn't Dionne have predicted this? I mean, isn't that what friends are for? My guess is Al Sharpton , Lennox Lewis , Mike Tyson , Janet Jackson , and various members of New Edition will be in attendance. The Corsair wishes Whitney good luck.

 Alistair Cooke of Masterpiece Theater Dies At 95 Some of my earliest and most poignant memories of childhood in the 1970s as an emigre involve the urlLink UN School where, I think, I get my sense of internationalism, as well as urlLink PBS' Masterpiece Theater , where I came away with the feeling that dramatic tragedy is of great human dignity. To this day I prefer drama to comedy. And don't ask me where I got my love of gossip. urlLink The AP sadly reports today: " Alistair Cooke , the broadcaster who epitomized highbrow television as host of 'Masterpiece Theatre' and whose 'Letter from America' was a radio fixture in Britain for 58 years, has died, the British Broadcasting Corp. said Tuesday. He was 95. "Cooke died at his home in New York at midnight, a spokeswoman at the BBC's press office said. No cause of death was given, but Cooke had retired earlier this month because of heart disease." Alistair Cooke was the ultimate cultural ambassador of British soft power. Joe E. Sheldon -- bless his heart -- mailed me just last week one of the first urlLink Masterpiece Theater's , Last of the Mohicans , which urlLink I had been complaining about for years about for years. It was absolutely marvelous. It would be impossible to name my favorites, whether urlLink I, Claudius , or urlLink First Churchills (fuck, I can hear ringing in the chambers of my mind urlLink Purcell's Music for Queen Mary II , the theme of Churchills) or urlLink Upstairs Downstairs . Each were introduced by the cultural ambassador with a twinkling eye and a dry comment on the behavior of the characters. "What fools these mortals be," Cooke seemed to be saying, at the beginning and at the end of these high dramas. I met my first love (okay, first crush, as I was 7) over a discussion in the school yard at the UN School of urlLink The Dutchess of Duke Street , back in the late 70s, when Masterpiece Theater was in full power. Sera was a precocious girl, and I hear she's making indie films in Mallorca now (*sighs* at the reddish bronze twilight memory of first love and Masterpiece Theater). And ever since the mid 70s, Masterpiece Theater has been more or less a source of joy. Cooke left in 1992, followed by Baker, and soon after The Soprano's took over the 9pm slot in the "must see tv" sweepstakes. I never quite cottoned to Cooke's replacement, urlLink Russell Baker . Baker never seemed to love the classics as much as Cooke. In Baker's intro's he seemed more taken with the language and his lofty position than the drama, than the grand statements being made. Baker posed like a curmudgeon while Cooke was the real deal. There was never a host of high drama as equal to the task as Alistair Cooke. "'He was really one of the greatest broadcasters of all time, and we shall feel his loss very, very keenly indeed,' UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said, summing up the feelings of all in the room.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Bob Woodward joins the parade of urlLink Simon and Schuster authors going on 60 Minutes to attack the President, urlLink according to Lloyd Grove , "I hear that ' urlLink Plan of Attack ,' supersleuth Bob Woodward's still-secret study of President Bush's war on terrorism, will be very bad for the Bush reelection campaign - which is still reeling from gun-toting former terrorism chief Richard A. Clarke's critique of Bush, National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice and other administration figures in 'Against All Enemies.' "Woodward's book, to be released next month, will receive not only a multipart series in The Washington Post, but also the Mike Wallace treatment on '60 Minutes' April 18 - when I am absolutely confident that the common corporate ownership of CBS and Woodward's publisher, Simon & Schuster, will be mentioned." Out : The New Republic's blowhard literary editor urlLink Leon Wieseltier ("the weasel") made an appearance on urlLink The Soprano's on Sunday . "They got the SL," he shouts, impotently, into the night, as Mobsters steal his car "do you know how long my brother was on the waiting list for that thing?" And do you know how long bossman urlLink Marty Peretz has been waiting for his urlLink star pupil Al Gore to be President ? You don't always get whatcha want, Leon. In : Alcohol-infused and bloated Jason Patric , former paramour of Julia Roberts was arrested in texas, according to urlLink TheSmokinggun : "Actor urlLink Jason Patric was busted by Texas cops early yesterday and charged with misdemeanor counts of resisting arrest and public intoxication. The 37-year-old thespian smelled of alcohol and fought with police after they tried to cuff him, according to the below probable cause affidavit filed in the City of Austin Municipal Court. Patric's trouble began at 2:45 AM when he mocked a patrolman who sought to clear large crowd of pedestrians out of a roadway. Asked if he had a problem complying with the police directive, Patric 'assumed an aggressive stance.' That, of course, is never a good idea when dealing with the fuzz. In short order, Patric tussled with the officer and fell to the ground with the cop (where he was eventually cuffed). Patric, in the Lone Star State for the premiere of his new film 'The Alamo,' was booked into the Travis County Jail." Damn. Remember when he used to urlLink romance Christy Turlington ? According to the urlLink Affadavit for Warrant of Arrest and Detention , the Alamo star "exhibited the following conditions," odor of alcohol, dilated pupils, and other Aggressive and fighting with police officers. Oh my god ... is Jason Patric me ? Out : Nicky Hilton versus Shannen Doherty ? urlLink Fashionweekdaily reports of the swishy Tom Ford show on Rodeo Drive, " Nicky Hilton worked the arrivals line for Marie Claire and E! Entertainment , then bolted after spying arch enemy Shannon Doherty , changing into a gold lame gown and walking the carpet herself, making sure not to miss one photo op." I though Shannon's arch enemy was her sister, Paris ? Who can keep track. Mais ca ne fait rien: Catfight! In : Pork, the new white meat. According to urlLink The Hill's Hans Nichols and Johnathan E. Kaplan , "House Republicans could learn some valuable political lessons from their Democratic counterparts when it comes to carving out the big slices of pork stuffed into the pending $275 billion transportation bill. "In an apparently deft maneuver, the Democrats are allocating, on average, some $10 million more to their most vulnerable members than have the Republicans." I don't know whether to applaud or hold my nose. Out : urlLink Georgia Senator Zell Miller , and good riddance, ya ole crab apple. Was he ever a Democrat? And what Democrat urlLink endorses President Bush -- in 2003! Skanky Zell, before announcing he would no run for re-election wrote the crankiest political book that I've never read, urlLink A National Party No More: The Conscience of a Conservative Democrat brutalizes the Democratic Party, essentially setting up a Republican win for his seat in November. He's just mad because his parents named him Zell, thanks for sharing . In : Is Georgia freshman Rep. Denise Majette the new democratic party superstar? According to TheHill's Peter Savodnik and Michael Rochmes , "Rep. Denise Majette (D) announced yesterday that she would run for the Senate seat held by retiring Zell Miller (D). "Her candidacy stunned lawmakers from both parties, some of whom voiced skepticism that the freshman House member could win in an increasingly Republican state." For all the hooplah about Georgia being a conservative state, current census figures also have the population at about 30 percent African American. Alas, there have been fewer than half a dozen African American senators in the history of the United States. Could Denise Majette be the next? Out : The New York Times' Neil Strauss , who left the nytimes to pursue a career in porn, screenwriting and ghostwriting, gives coinage to the new verb (a la Corsair), to Strauss, "To use an Old Gray Lady in Order to pick up Young Bloonde Ladies." urlLink Jack Shaeffer of Slate (link via urlLink Gawker ) has a whole bunch of verbs using Ny Times bylines, like, "To Sulzberger: To maintain a great distance between one's rhetoric and one's wallet. (Arthur O. Sulzberger Jr., NY Times publisher)" I also like, "To Miller: To amplify government propaganda.(Judith Miller, reporter)" More: urlLink here .

 Halle Berry Injured: Again?! An injury prone Halle Barre . urlLink According to Rush and Molloy , back from vacation (welcome back!), is injured -- again: "Halle Berry's ear infection is wreaking havok with her career. The Oscar-winner's doctor forbid her from flying to Vegas to pick up the Female Star of the Year award Thursday at the ShoWest convention of movie exhibitors. "Now, her aural trouble has forced her to drop out of the cast of the HBO drama 'Lackawanna Blues,' based on Ruben Santiago-Hudson's play about the boarders in a riotous rooming house in upstate Lackawanna. Berry broke her arm during urlLink Gothika , as urlLink theAge reports ,"Halfway through filming the movie, she broke her arm in a scene with co-star Robert Downey Jr, bringing the film to a screeching halt for four weeks. Upon her return, she worked for six weeks with a camouflaged cast on her right arm." Downey joked, "I'm always willing to accept blame for anything that happens within 50 miles of me, but in this case, I felt so glad that I was sober when it happened, (because when I'm not) everything on Earth would be my fault." And then there was Catwoman. Kron (no relation) urlLink channel 4 reported at the time, "Halle Berry was taken to a hospital after colliding with a piece of set equipment while filming a running scene for "Catwoman" but is now back at work, production spokesman Joe Everett said. "The accident was quite minor, Everett said Tuesday, denying reports that the Oscar-winning actress was hit in the head with a microphone boon and spent six hours in a hospital waiting room." And then, who can forget the car accident? urlLink The Seattle Times can't , "For the record, the actress was cited for leaving the scene of a car accident in February 2000 on the Sunset Strip. She said at the time that she hit her head and has no memory of speeding away from the scene. She was fined $13,500 and ordered to serve 200 hours of community service. It proved to be a wake-up call for Berry, who said she changed everything in her life after that. "I really believe you manifest what you think, and I was thinking all wrong before the accident," she said. "Since then, I've started thinking that life is good and that I deserve all the good things that are happening to me."

 Mwangaguhunga's President As opposed to Machiavelli's Prince ( The Corsair will be its snarky and gossipy self tomorrow, but today I'd like to be a little political. Blame it on the Springtime weather here in NYC) urlLink Diane Alouise urlLink Ron Mwangaguhunga to the likely Presidential nominee: It is customary most of the time for urlLink those who desire to acquire favor with a Presidential nominee to come to meet him with things that they care most for among their own or with the urlLink things that please him most . Thus, one sees them many times being presented with urlLink jars of jelly beans , urlLink pork rinds , and urlLink McDonald's Fillet O' Fish sammiches , brimming with polyunsaturated fats fitting to their greatness. Anyhoo : Thus, since I desire to offer myself to urlLink Your Hairsprayness with some testimony of my homage to you, I have found nothing in my belongings that I care so much for and esteem so greatly as my snarky commentary laced with acute observation learned from my long experience watching pop culture from the sidelines. Having thought out and examined these things with great diligence for a long time, I have now reduced them to one small blog, I submit it to you, urlLink O Hairsprayness , With regards, The Corsair

 On The First Lady as the Embodiment of American Soft Power Let us begin at the beginning, and in the beginning was urlLink Lucy , the hottest chick in her day, albeit a little short for my tastes at 3 feet, 7 inches tall (then again -- hey -- horizontally, aren't we all the same height). Fast forward to First Ladies, dear readers: for just as foreign policy considerations -- especially those concerning allies -- ought to be led off with the carrot before resorting to the whip, so too should we not discount the importance of urlLink soft power . And, as the last standing world superpower, the First Lady is the embodiment of our overwhelming soft power. urlLink The anxiety of influence of being First Lady (ask urlLink Hillary about that) comes in coming after urlLink Jackie O . In the days of urlLink Eleanor Roosevelt and the Great Depression it was enough to be a humanitarian, the times warranted displays compassion, while the President conveyed a steely command of the Republic. And in the days of post-World War II post-Cold War tensions, it was enough to be a urlLink June Cleaver clone, like urlLink Mrs. Eisenhower . urlLink Jackie O , pre-Greece, pre-anti-Apartheid Mandela backer Maurice Templesman , was the epitome of insular American chic. She was a product of the urlLink Fifth Avenue and East End , urlLink Virginia hunt club horsey set and Vassar; a French-educated urlLink Debutante of the Year , 1948, was perfectly suited to physically represent American culture in the age of intense competition against the Soviet Union. American Capitalism was good -- just look to Jackie, we seemed to be telling the world. The long shadow of Jackie O -- which runs continuously and unbroken throughout the latter half of the 20th century (just ask Hillary, who, after Health Care tanked, went with urlLink the pink pearls Barbara Bush look for a while), shading the cherry blossoms in Washington. urlLink Theresa Heinz Kerry is in a unique position to break this shadow-prison and lead us to the next age -- an age of universal law, transparency, democracy and international cooperation. Heinz presents a sophisticated image with her Swiss-Mozambique accented english, her urlLink Old Master painting collection , her urlLink deep study of yoga and her urlLink multilingualism -- she speaks 5 languages -- as well as an advocacy of literature, not just a librarian's inquisitiveness. Just as Jackie O classed up the joint with invites to urlLink Malreaux and urlLink Pablo Casals , who played Bach cello suites (has DC ever been so fucking cool?) in the White House, I believe Americans are goddamned sick of all the country music (even those from Kentucky) and want a First Lady to demonstrate American Soft Power, our cultural riches (and, quite frankly the classical music industry could really, urlLink really use the help ) that arise from our ability to synthesize and blend all the arts and philosophies of the world into our melting pot . Liberalism and art should be stressed against the pathetic, moribund Anglophilia of the conservative movement, with that faint musty odor of Brideshead Revisited ("yes, urlLink Chardin was a fine painter, and urlLink Elgar a good composer, but what about the American urlLink John Singer Sargent and listening to urlLink John Cage on a rainy night after some fine weed?"). God bless America, break out the jazz, thank you very much! We have rogue ambassadors, hot Hollywood actresses like urlLink Angelina Jolie and urlLink Julia Roberts , who travel to Third World countries trading their celebrity to highlight humanitarian collapse. Heinz would be in a perfect position to continue and encourage Hollywood in this useful role, and, in turn, becoming a liaison between the worlds of literature, art, movies and other cultural institutions around the world, helping our best exports, spreading good will, and -- all good -- raising funds for the maintenance of the mission. Part Hollywood, part Random House, part music industry, part tv land, part museum mile, part Silicon Valley, part fashion houses, the First Lady must be an exemplar of american cultural influence, and, in the process, the premier fund raiser from those institutions. Resentment overseas that hinder American companies from gaining access could be charmed open by a talented First Lady, the embodiment of American soft power.

 On The Anxiety of Influence of Coming Afer Bill Clinton and Run Against the House of Saud Like Jackie Onassis , urlLink Bill Clinton exerts and anxiety of influence over all future Democratic candidates due to his charismatic 8 years in an ocean of conservative Republican rule during the latter quarter of the 20th Century. The anxiety of influence that has colored Al Gore vanilla, and you -- Senator Kerry -- as urlLink fodder for the satirists is heightened by your lack of a definied character. If you do not define who you are, The President has over $100 million reasons, donated by corporations to paint you in the image of Dukakis, lessons learned from Pappy, George Bush the Elder. Run against the urlLink House of Saud , urlLink American enemies , and expert procurer of Russian prositutes; run against urlLink Grover Norquist, immensely corrupt Republican power broker, urlLink airlifter of questionable Saudi's immediately following 9/11; co-opt, co-opt, co-opt ... And on matters of the military, they are neither Republican or Democrat at heart (although most will say that they are Republican, as military men and women have strong father fixations) but loyal to any President who doesn't diminish their role in world affairs. This amounts, to a degree, to a bribe. Walking the tightrope of keeping up military district appropriations and pay raises and attatching residents to UN peacekeeping ops will be tricky, but with a robust economy and a moderate Republican Secretary General (think george Bush the Elder, as a gift offering to the xenophobic anti-UN right wing) it can be managed.

 On Lies and Manliness This Presidential election will be all about manliness. The cultural indicators are all abuzz with what it means to be a man and quien es mas macho: upcoming films include extreme renderings of ancient events surrounding the conquests of Alexander and Troy; commentators and intellectuals wrestle with the idea, from urlLink George Will to philosopher urlLink Harvey Mansfield . Tina Brown has spent the past two weeks on urlLink Topic A delving -- rather deeply -- into the "daddy party" and the "mommy party," and how our psychological orientation towards our parents influence the party we go in for. Even Bill Clinton urlLink at the Democratic even last week went on to say of the Republicans and their highly irresponsible deficit spending after the surplus, "They're the 'mature party,' they're the daddy party. They remind me of teenagers that got their inheritance too soon and couldn't wait to blow it." And, of course, the issue is not masculinity per se, but the mask of masculinity and the fear of terrorism. Even urlLink Hillary Clinton coveted a Senate Arms Services seat. This was a key strategic move on the part of Clinton, revealing that she is concerned about the fact that she has no military record in this post 9/11 age, and is, perhaps, hinting at her future national ambitions. Anti-Bush Democrats, perhaps rightly, were instantly won over to Kerry's -- your -- hypermasculine veteran-issues appeal after Howard Dean and Dick Gephardt beat each other into oblivion in Iowa. Fortune was on your side, and you supplied the manliness issue, John Kerry , well played. The candidate who appears to be the more manly, more credible in defending the country from future terrorist attacks (which is why the urlLink Clarke-Rice debate is at center stage) is most likely to win the general election and the most coveted position in the world, Presidency of the World's Last Superpower. The American image of the masculine has changed. The slim and patrician Uncle Sam is now buff, drives an SUV, has 50 Cent blaring on the radio; he voted for Schwarzenegger over the lamb-like ineffective Gray Davis (ineffective is the new evil in Buff Hypermasculine America). September 11, in many ways, transformed us into a warrior culture, and the War on terrorism influences all aspects of our society. Firemen, rather than movie stars or athletes, are considered role models, for instance. Working class soldiers returning for shore leave last Memorial Day weekend were greeted in New York like rock stars by leggy Manolo Blahnik-clad urbane Sex and the City types, looking for love. When was the last time that happened? Who flipped the script? Award-winning WWII historian Paul Fussell's new book; urlLink The Boys Last Crusade sums up things nicely, saying, "there has been a return, especially in popular culture, to military romanticism, which, if not implying that war is really good for you, does suggest that it contains desirable elements." But what of Lies? Men lie about sex all the time ; in fact, to men, lying about sex is not truly a lie, it is a way of life, for further reference see President Clinton. But the debate on lies on the political Left is not about sex, but of higher, more important matters: namely, whether or not George Bush lied and if, in saying so outright and boldly they can gain votes in the Midwest, the Southwest and the South. The moderate left does not want to risk being too bold on this issue, while the urlLink Far Left and urlLink Far Right have no problem is using the incendiary word: "lie." The Corsair counsels the Kerry Camp to avoid the use of lie when speaking of the President. It smacks of looniness , to be frank. The Far Left and the Far Right are polarized against George Bush to such a degree as to be illogical: let them be so. They will never vote for Bush and many will vote for you. Do not turn off centrists by using the overheated rhetoric of the ultra-partisans. Also, for the record, the Corsair does not mistake incompetence for conscious lying. Tim Robbins urlLink on MSNBC says of Bush's Vulcans: "I did some research on (The Vulcans in the cabinet: like Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and his deputy, Paul Wolfowitz ) and I found out about some of the philosophy they adhere to a kind of elitist philosophy that there are different truths for different people. The idea of the noble lie; that concept exists in the philosophies of some of these people. So I just started writing these characters and that's kind of where the play started. Then I thought, this is fun to write but there is another story here, and that's the soldiers who are serving the country." Although Robbin's heart is in the right place (or, rather "left" place, as it were), this is a dangerously simplistic view of urlLink Leo Strauss' intricate and complicated philosophy of the world. Avoid falling into this trap and allow partisans to make their points -- as surrogates -- without becoming entangled in their faulty logic. Frankly, The Corsair believes that Wolfowitz himself misreads both Plato and Strauss , but that's another story not for here.

 Exhortation to seize the UN and Save It From Irrelevance (and, thusly, from Itself) Possible future Secretary Generals of the United Nations: Bush, Carter, Clinton, Ford -- on second thought, ixnae on the Ford-izzle . Imagine harnessing the seething ambitions of a failed US President and setting them up as the first effective Secretary General, the first cypher of US power on a global scale in concert with the community of nations: Imagine what we could do with the perennial problems of international slavery and piracy on the high seas and international money laundering and terrorism and the Albanian and Russian mobs, the Yakuza, warlords and oceanic pollution. The United Nations will remain tragically irrelevant until -- Buddha forbid -- a stray asteroid wreaks havoc or, more than likely, a global epidemic in the scale of the Bubonic will force the world out of complacency and into collective action. If only we had gone the route of the United Nations and used the goodwill of nations surrounding 9/11 to take control of that confused but infinitely useful institution (now, though, evolving into a significant but useless artifact as a result of the teddy bearish and highly irrelevant leadership of Kofi Annan , now embattled over corruption). It is sadly amusing, with a twinge of red bronze twilight how the Right engages in its favorite sport: Hysterical Criticisms of the UN ("It doesn't work," "tyrannies are on human rights commissions," "following UN mandates puts our sovereignty at risk," "The UN is only after one thang: One World Government ) Oddly, at the same time, by not participating in the UN and playing well with the other nations on this big blue marble called the planet Earth, we are in caught in a tragic self fulfilling prophecy:Blame the UN for being ineffective in combating evil on a global scale and withhold dues in punishment and, voila, you get a UN ineffective in combating evil on a global scale, reductio ad absurdum . Of course the UN is ineffectual when unlearned hayseed munching rednecks like former Senator Jesse Helms strangled funding and resisted paying UN dues over truly Felliniesque reasoning as "the UN supports abortion in Third World (overpopulated) countries an' ah don' want our dues goin' over ta pay f'r that godlessness." The Right seems wholly allergic to learning as well as to internationalism or any manner of enlightenment that transcends their own provincial purview of the country music venue. They are, by definition, narrow thinkers (but do not say this out loud, lest you lose the crossover vote). One would think that the threats of SARS and Terrorism and Information Piracy and Piracy on the High Seas (the evil Corsairs who kidnap and kill and rob, at will, since the Babylonians ruled the Near East) would shake them out of their complacency. We are in a global village, whether they like it or not: Welcome to the Age of Aquarius . The US pays the overwhelming majority of dues at Turtle Bay, and, through our international lawyers -- great minds -- at Mid Century last, influenced by the calamity of Hitler and Nazism, Fascism and Japanese Imperial expansion, basically WROTE the UN Charter, along with British intellectuals, in High Surrealist Fashion, it was the US and Britain that led the unilateralism and heartbreaking bitchslapping of the UN during what history will almost certainly refer to as the Second Persian Gulf War (2003-2003). (shakes his head) The US could easily after -- through some guile and subterfuge and goodwill and threats and the strategic withholding of monies temporarily control the UN and reform all manner of areas that are currently, well, how does one say it? Spooky. For example, we could revolutionize the Law of the Seas committee, which my father chaired in 1979. The Law of the Seas Committee and International Law pertaining to the law of the seas, which is, in the most polite manner I can muster -- a basket case. It is time for the US to engage the UN, to take up our destiny as leader of the world -- through the UN, playing well and cooperating with others. It is high time for International Law to be followed and enforced. It is high time for an international Criminal Court (ahh, Kissinger in ankle chains trying to charm an international tribunal). And it is time for the people of the world to stop clutching at kinship of blood and kinship in religion and realize that the only kinship that will bring harmony into this pandemonium of international affairs is a kinship in our shared planetary territory, Our collective real estate, Our Planet Earth. You, Mr. Kerry, in an act of good will should place a Republican -- preferably George Bush The Elder -- in the place of the ineffective Kofi Annan as Secretary General (you will have the votes, Mr. Kerry, especially after this scandal destroys Annan you promise to pay your UN dues and follow international law). Bush Senior was a UN Ambassador, has friends, understands building international coalitions and will soothe the paranoiac xenophobic hillbillies who instinctively fear the UN. You, Mr. Kerry can lead the world to it's next era, an International Law Era, in which the enemy are the persistent plagues of mankind and not provincial detrius.

 Compassionate Capitalism As urlLink The National Review reports, Compassionate Conservatism is dead , RIP. That having been said, compassionate capitalists are the new black, and you, Senator Kerry , would do best to associate with them. Co opt this abndoned piece of policy flotsam from the Republicans. Lou Dobbs urlLink nightly and patriotically blasts outsourcing who abandon America in this stagnant jobs economy. Warren Buffett is critical of politics as usual in California, George Soros is sour on the Republican fiscal solutions. urlLink Pete Peterson attacked the current climate . Paul Krugman always gets his George Bush on. Why are these men -- all respected capitalists -- veering towards the Democratic Party and why is it incumbent upon you, Senator, bring them under the tent? One : The association with these respected capitalists, economists and financiers will warm corporate executives towards the Democratic Party and, through that, a new social contract with American workers and the US government, bringing the Democratic party a long way closer to being both the daddy and the mommy party, in the long term, strategically. Two : The thawing relationship with corporate titans will fill Party coffers, which has been on the decline and is much needed against the wealthy Bush political machine. basta! tomorrow, back to gossip and snark

 Charlie Murphy's True Hollywood Story ( ed note : urlLink Condi Rice Drinking Game Link :) This week's urlLink Time Out New York features an interview with urlLink The Dave Chappelle Show's breakout star, urlLink Charlie Murphy , the younger brother of Eddie " urlLink My Girl Likes to Party All the Time " Murphy. Here are two interesting excerpts from an interview by Margeaux Watson : TONY : Your brother (Eddie Murphy) used to wear some pretty wild leather suits. CM : So did I! I had the urlLink Butch Lewis look -- suit, no shirt, gold chains, hair all greasy. Everything was shiny and oily. I remember one time we was at the premiere of one of my brothers' movies and we thought we was the shit. We had our shades on, sitting down, waiting for the movie to start, and urlLink Debbie Allen walked over, bent down and said, 'Y'all some handsome black men, but I really wish y'all would take that shit out of your hair.' We was insulted, like, 'Muthafucka, don't try to rain on my parade! I'm fly!' But she kept it real, man." and: TONY : Do you have any True Hollywood Stories that are too raw for Comedy Central? CM : Of course! But I gotta be careful because I am not a tattletale and I aint tryin' to make no enemies. Rick James and Prince loved my stories about them. In fact Dave (Chappelle) told me that when he went to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction, Prince invited him to his after party at the hotel. They were all in the room laughing, and Prince was telling him how much he loved the sketch, and then he ordered room service and when he got to Dave, he said 'Pancakes, Dave?'" Tony : Do people constantly come up to you and imitate Dave's portrayal of Rick James by screaming 'Charlaaaay Murphaaay?' CM : Yeah, and that's great for me because it aint like you saying 'Reebok' or 'Nike' when you say 'Charlaay Murphaaay.' You sayin -- my name. I'm being promoted all over America. I couldn't wish for something better than that. Set TiVo's for stun : ten episodes of Dave Chappelle urlLink tonight on Comedy Central . It's Chappelle's night, godammit.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Richard Clarke's story optioned by SONY Pictures. Clarke is the envy of K Street, not only because Simon and Schuster bent over backwards to place him on all the Top Drawer programs in town -- Tim Russert , 60 Minutes and Chris Matthews ; but now he has that which many secretly covet: Hollywood fame . Most have to settle with some adricultural subcommittee chair, secretly wishing that they could have all the glamour as well as the power and lobbyist kickbacks. Aint life a bitch. "Clarke was repped by ICM in the deal," wrote Gregg Kilday of the urlLink Hollywood Reporter . How many times on K Street is someone repped by ICM? Out : Cofer Black was "reassigned" at the last moment yesterday. What a coincidence that Saturday is the slowest news day, no? We would not entertain the possibility that the White House wanted the least possible coverage of that bit of news. Bob Woodward and Dan Eggen write in the urlLink Washington Post , "In other developments yesterday, CIA officials said Cofer Black , head of the agency's Counterterrorism Center for the past three years, has been assigned to another position. They described the move as part of normal turnover at the agency." In : urlLink Doonesbury . Gary Trudeau's daily syndicated strip has got it's groove back. After Iraq, Trudeau protrayed the President as a floating Imperial Roman helmet, as opposed to a floating cowboy hat, as he had during the campaign. Either way, an administration deaf to nuance is shown in all it's imperial Daddy-issues swagger. Out : urlLink The Swan . urlLink Natalie Chicha is brilliant today, a swan in her own right, in passionately denouncing this reality trash: "We love to hate reality TV, and reality TV knows that. It cues our hate to keep us watching, like a bullfighter taunting a bull: waving red to draw our attention and anger. Usually, the red flag the brandished target for our hate is a loathsome character, the best example from this season being The Apprentices Omarosa. And, for the joy of the game, we pretend that the flag is live prey, rather than a manipulation introduced and controlled by the bullfighter. "But The Swan, which ran an encore debut last night, drapes the red around the bullfighter and knots it like a cape. Other shows have had equally shallow and enraging premises remember Who Wants to Marry a Millionaire? But the premise always drew equally shallow and enraging contestants, while the contestants on The Swan dont seem shallow so much as insecure and clueless. The show itself is the villain, the only target for our hatred. But the question is, urlLink is The Swan purposefully loathsome, or just deeply hypocritical ?"

 After the Condi Rice Drinking Game Okay: In retrospect, it probably wasn't the most "enlightened idea" in a bad economy to brag on my blog about taking a "sick day" (gives an unconvincing wheeze) to play urlLink The Condi Rice drinking games link , (nervous laughter) unless your boss is really, really really forgiving. We are very very hung over (We took a wicked swig each and every time urlLink former Sen. Kerry called Condi, " urlLink Dr.Clarke "), so forgive us for the lack of posts today.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Who squealed on Ambassador Joe Wilson's wife, ex-CIA operative Valerie Plame ? urlLink The Washingtonian's Buzz columnist Harry Jaffe writes : "Galleys of former ambassador Joe Wilsons book, urlLink The Politics of Truth , have begun to circulate in Washington, but word about which Bush official might have outed Wilsons wife as a CIA agent have not leaked yet ." (italics mine) Out : Hollywood has not been kind to David Duchovny ; he that was once hot, now decidedly is not. urlLink The AP reports, " David Duchovny expects that Mulder and Scully will ride again one day. Duchovny said a second big-screen installment of 'The X-Files' remains in the works. It should only be slightly more exciting than watching plants absorbing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. Gag it with a fork, Duchovny, it's done . Even the hard core geeks have moved on, David. Post your comments to this inspired idea on VH1's Best Week Ever blog urlLink here , where The Corsair has been known to write, on occasion. In : urlLink The Apprentice . Let's face it, Donald Trump is riding the crest of the reality show zeigeist. In slippers, balancing a teacup. Not since P Diddy hijacked the New York City Marathon to a pr stunt has anyone already rich and famous morphed themselves more rich and more famous (mo money, mo money) and a tv star to boot . Fuck. That's just what that short fingered barbarian did. urlLink TheDrudgereport's filched urlLink Nielsen numbers show that urlLink The Donald's Apprentice overnight got a 15.6 rating, or, 23 share for NBC. We're not even going to lie as if we know what those numbers mean, only thatv they are good. Very good . Aren't you curious as to how The Donald will fuck this up? I can't see him and NBC on friendly terms after ratings drop, as they always do in network tv. Remember So You Wanna Be A Millionaire? Regis' shtick was the line "Is That Your Final Answer," just as Donald's is (waves hand in a funny manner) "You're Fired." "And this too," said Lincoln, quoting the wise Chinese Emperor,"will pass away." Out : urlLink The Trumper . Courtesy of urlLink OldHag , "My problem is verisimilitude. "How am I supposed to buy this premise when dude is $1.8 billion in the hole? Pretty soon he's not even gonna be CEO of his own company. This cannot inspire confidence. Even his supporters concede that his casino business is getting killed by the new kids. (No surprise, really, when you look at the talent the competition is bringing in). "Eight years running a publicly traded company and you've never posted a profit. Assets are falling, liabilities are growing. Last night you told your inner circle, "We're having a good year." WTF? Dude, you've failed at every task! Don't make me say it." I think you just did. Read more urlLink here . In : My old college buddy Shaw Isaacson's urlLink American Feed . Out : urlLink Bend it like Bekham , who is accused of making the beast with two backs with one urlLink Rebecca Loos (what a meaningful name; note: link not safe for workplace, Rebecca's boob gets "Loos"). His little affair hasn't really got much press in the US, but it is big in the UK. Very big. urlLink Ananova reports : " David and urlLink Victoria Beckham are planning another public show of unity as they brace themselves for urlLink more allegations about their private life. "Becks is expected to put the claims behind him and play for Real Madrid on Sunday - and Posh is expected to fly to Spain to watch the game. "However, the pair are preparing for more newspaper revelations. urlLink Rebecca Loos has reportedly signed a 300,000 deal to tell all about the affair allegations which Becks last week dismissed as 'ludicrous.' "According to The Daily Mirror , Beckham returned to training yesterday to be confronted by jibes from his teammates. "A source told the paper the England captain lost his rag in the dressing room and tore down a joke poster poking fun at his troubles." Damn, that's cold. Omerosa cold. In : urlLink Demi and Ashton to get married in June? So says that significant cultural artifact urlLink The Star : "In the very early morning hours of Monday, April 5, Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher arrived at Miami's Raleigh hotel laden with bags and looking jet lagged like a normal couple. But later that day, the attached-at- the-hip pair -- he in a white hat and she in a headscarf -- headed to the Westin Diplomat hotel in Hollywood, Fla., for a Passover Kabbalah retreat. The couple have become devotees of the mystical sect of Judaism -- Kabbalah. Now Star has learned that the couple is planning to celebrate their own Kabbalah wedding in June." Kabbalah wedding? Out : urlLink Glamourmagazine.com reports that Paris Hilton is out some money. "Paris Hilton has been forced to pay up after losing a diamond bracelet loaned to her for last year's Oscars. The Simple Life star borrowed gems worth more than 87,000 for the ceremony but claims they were stolen during the evening, and has been locked in a legal battle with New York jewellers Kwiat ever since. Paris has always maintained that the bracelet was faulty and kept falling off her wrist, so she put it in the glovebox of a friend's car, which was later broken into. It is thought she paid 54,000 to Kwait in an out-of-court settlement." In : urlLink Engadget . The techie-oriented site comes away today with what might be an incredible urlLink scoop on gadgetry . The story begins, "Could Microsoft be preparing to drop a potential bombshell with the Xbox 2?" Then winds into a gossipy response, which may or may not be true (April Fools has passed) from one of their readers about the X Box and iPod : "Regarding the Xbox 2 hard drive, I was snowboarding in Whistler, B.C. from February 19 - 26, 2004. We were in a bar called the Amsterdam Cafe in the village one night and urlLink J. Allard , the head of Microsofts Xbox division was in the bar with some friends. I recognized him from a recent Business 2.0 article and we started talking. (He bought my friends and I a round of drinks he called 'Hey Zeuses' - they were urlLink Red Bull and tequila and they were nasty.) Anyway, we were talking about the Xbox 2 and he said their current plan was not to include a hard drive in the Xbox 2 itself, but to offer a portable hard drive as an accessory you could buy separately. Heres the kicker: He said what they were trying to do was to incorporate MP3 (and WMA, obviously) functionality into the portable hard drive and turn the thing into an iPod killer. Basically, the idea was to come up with an MP3 player that was as good or better than the iPod that would also serve as the hard drive for the Xbox 2. And he said they planned to sell them as a loss leader at $100 each." Fuck . Bill Gates is an evil genius. Continue reading the story urlLink here .

 The Condi Rice 9/11 Testimony Drinking Game (Thanks, Wonkette) National Security Advisor Condi Rice's testimony will probably have as much gravity as urlLink Watergate , as well it should. The 9/11 Commission is trying to find out what went wrong, how did the worst terrorist attack in our history catch us off guard? Finding those answers is the job of the Commission. And what of us? What of we policy geeks who called in sick to our jobs (*cough, cough*) so that we could watch (family emergency) this historic moment (stomach virus) uninterrupted by work ? Drink , my sweet readers; let the urlLink Cutty Sark cut the gravity. urlLink Wonkette had the idea , but because the day got away from her, I felt I should give it a shot. I give to you, dear reader, with special mention to Wonkette for the idea, The Condi Rice 9/11 Commission Drinking Game : Take one drink if: ... Condi refers to White House documentation: memos, e-mails or agenda items ... Condi says she wants to "work with the Commission" (every time she does) Take two drinks if: ... Condi's opening statement goes beyond 20 minutes ... Condi puts down Richard Clarke Pound it if: ... Former Senator urlLink Bob Kerry makes an outrageous statement ... A Republican on the panel tells Bob Kerry that he is being partisan ... Condi puts down the Clinton Administration ... The Commission breaks into verbal jousting among themselves

 Before the Storm: The Media Class Waits for Bob Woodward Everyone is waiting for urlLink Bob Woodward's nuclear bomb of a next book to detonate on urlLink 60 Minutes the Sunday after next. Everyone. urlLink The right is digging fallout shelters in anticipation of a nuclear winter. urlLink Tina Brown captures the anticipatory mood marvelously: "In this atmosphere of anticipation followed by revelation, the media classes are salivating at the prospect of investigative journalist Bob Woodward's latest tome, urlLink 'Plan of Attack .' Talk show producers I speak to are on steroids waiting for Woodward. They have always just heard from a D.C. insider who had lunch last week with a friend who ran into Woodward at the pharmacy/ grocery store/Blockbuster and reported breathlessly that 'he didn't want to say anything but I hear it's going to blow the lid off all the stuff about why we really went into Iraq/who's really making the decisions/what Powell really believes/what the real hold is that Cheney has over Bush/what Condi will never say to the 9/11 commission.'" Salivating doesn't even begin to express it. We can't wait.

 Gawker Stalkers The gawker stalker reports are some of the funniest (and potentially "actionable") parts of the whole gawker mystique . I love them. urlLink Heres one of the funniest gawker stalker reports I have read (today): "I saw Julianne Moore Saturday, April 3rd, at urlLink Citarella , on 6th avenue and 9th street. She was shopping with an old assistant/older relative type. She was very friendly to the cashiersI guess she shops there often. Was very petite but otherwise just like in the movies: red hair, barely any makeup, and a long green coat that went well with her hair. Naturally, I stalked her for a couple of blocks, but she knew she was being followed and thus started walking around in circle, giving me dirty looks. It workedshe scared me off." Can you imagine this scene playing out on the mean streets of New York? The tip off of this "character" is that they notice Moore's hair and makeup and how the coat goes well with the hair. Too much information . (*uncontrollably shudders*) I couldn't tell you what color socks I have on today, and bigman here is all in Moore's grill remembrancing of wardrobe's past. And, naturally he followed her for a couple of blocks. Naturally . This is not New York behavior, cornbread, this is the musky sort of fun of the tweaker high on meth. Poor petite urlLink Julianne Moore : not only has Oscar been unkind to her, she has this freak causing her to walk in circles. Can someone get Homeland Secutrity on this clearly deranged man's ass? urlLink Choire , my friend in the blog, you need to send his email to the proper authorities.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Eich bin ein Ber lunar . Eminem moons a German audience. According to urlLink Ananova : "Eminem pulled down his pants and mooned at the audience during an appearance on German television. "The rapper was on Pro7 show TV Total when he unzipped his trousers and whipped down his Calvin Kleins . "After baring his bum to the camera and the audience he told host Stefan Raad : 'We love your country.' "Eminem then complained flashing is always censored in America, before getting up and mooning again." Meanwhile, urlLink Foxnews reports that Kim Mathers , Eminem's ex wife, has a warrant out for her arrest, "An arrest warrant was issued for rapper Eminem's (search) former wife Wednesday, a day after she failed to return to a court-ordered drug treatment program, officials said." Whoever said Em doesn't deal in crack. Out : Amanda Hesser . urlLink Our favorite socialite blogger , urlLink Miu Von Furstenberg , caught Hesser, the most hated woman in the blogosphere, at Mickey Dee's on Park and 28th in Manhattan: "You will never guess who I ran into at a McDonald's, the one by Park and 28th. Obviously by the title of the post, it was the much despised Amanda Hesser . I'm assuming she didn't get the job at the NYT, and was drowning her sorrows in a Big Mac with a side of Chicken McNuggets. "It gets worse. Along with the fact that the New York Times restaurant critic (temporary but still) was eating fast food, she was also reading USA Today . Maybe all the fat has gone to her brain and she's taken leave of her senses." Hey : All she wanted was Chicken McNuggets ! And what was Our Miu doing at McDonalds? "It may be a shock to all of you that Miu eats McDonald's, but I was craving those fries. And no, I haven't been knocked up." We still kiss your fry-greasy, elegant, thin socialitey fingertips, darling Miu . In : 'Diamond Dermabrasion' face lifts. According to that significant cultural artifact urlLink The National Enquirer : "'Courtney (Love) had a 'Diamond Dermabrasion' face-lift to try to get rid of sun damage as well as drug and alcohol damage to her skin,' an insider told The ENQUIRER. "'Diamond Dermabrasion' is an ingenious treatment using diamond-shaped crystals. It's a combination of scraping and suction that Courtney's beauty therapist, Regina Knobel, described as sandblasting the skin . "'Courtney said she loved the way she looked afterward but blew off paying Knobel her fees. "'Knobel's office tried repeatedly to collect $3,304 from Courtney but she ignored the statements as well as the calls from the collection agency. "'So as a final resort, Knobel decided to file a lawsuit in small claims court and won fees plus court costs.'" Scraping and suction ? Blew off ? Yup. Sounds like some Courtney Love going on. Out : urlLink TheSmokinggun reports that former Murphy Brown star urlLink Robert Pastorelli (he played the philosophical housepainter Elvin) died of a heroin overdose: "An autopsy has confirmed that actor urlLink Robert Pastorelli , who starred opposite Candice Bergen in 'Murphy Brown,' died last month of an accidental heroin overdose. On March 8, Pastorelli's assistant found the 49-year-old performer slumped over on the toilet of his Hollywood home, a syringe sticking from his right arm. According to a coroner's report released yesterday. Pastorelli died from a 'fatal blood concentration of morphine.' According to sources quoted in the report, Pastorelli previously battled heroin addiction and had been depressed since his girlfriend's 1999 suicide." May he rest in peace. In : urlLink LA Fashion Week may be over , but urlLink Russian Fashion Week has just begun, writes Godfrey Deeny , "In just three years, Russian fashion Tsar Alexander Shumsky has turned Moscow mode from a tiny collection of small shows to a ten-day estravaganza of 55 shows and a score of parties. " What's in? Bike gangs and Haute Couture, according to urlLink Godfrey Deeny of Fashion Wire Daily , who begins: "The daddy was known as the Kremlin couturier. The son is a fully paid up member of Moscows meanest motor cycle gang. "The Night Wolves, the gang with whom he rumbles, showed for the runway show of urlLink Egor Zaitsev , son of Slava Zaitsev , the genial designer who used to dress Politburo wives back in the old days. "A half dozen Wolves even tossed Egor into the air sveral times after his show in T Modul, a city-center shopping and convention center where most of the shows are staged." Russian models mixing with biker gangs, sounds very very best . Out : Condi's testimony. My old boss urlLink Jason Calacanis from urlLink Silicon Alley Reporter days strikes the right tone: "After todays insulting testimony from Condi Rice (uhhh isnt an apology in order here?) I think we all know why the Bush team didnt want to give the Presidential Daily Briefing to the 9/11 commission: the title (or a subject heading, it is not clear) seems to be bin Laden determined to attack the United States. "Imagine that one month and five days before September 11th the President is told bin Laden DETERMINED TO ATTACK THE UNITED STATES in the most important daily report given to the presidentWHILE HE IS ON A MONTH LONG VACATION! "Read the urlLink transcript and cry for democracywhere is the accountability?! "Mr. President declassify that document!" We couldn't have said it better, Jason. In : Oral sex during The Passion of The Christ. urlLink Lindsayism chimes in : "Weird News I'd Love To See: " Associated Press : A couple was arrested last night for allegedly engaging in oral sex in a theater while Mel Gibson's film 'The Passion of the Christ' was screening." How cool would that be ? All over the country, bondage fetishists go to matinee screenings of the Passion to get their freaky "o"-on. The lights go out, Jesus takes his licks on screen. Agony on film, exstasy in the seats. Can't you see Mel raging on the talk show circuit. Preachers villifying from the pulpit. And what about the ushers with their flashlights patrolling the aisles. Oh, Lindsay , you are a freak after my own kinky heart. Do you want to see urlLink Kill Bill Volume 2 with me? Out : Using the phrase, "I'm Rick James, Bitch" is out, but urlLink this cartoon link is so very urlLink in . )Link via urlLink Bestweekever blog via urlLink Catchdubs ) In : Writer Jonathan Ames is in a porn film. This might be the only award winning writer and guest of David Letterman who has done "skin flics." Ames sent out a mass email a few minutes ago saying, in part: "A few years ago, I spent three days on a porn set to write urlLink an article for NY Press , and which I reprinted in my book My Less Than Secret Life. On my last day, urlLink they included me in the movie , which is called 'C-Men.' In the movie, I'm talking to a porn starlet in a bar, attempting to pick her up, and then this male porn star, named Dale DeBone, dressed in a super-hero outfit, comes over and tells me to get lost and I slink away. I later saw Dale DeBone in a reality TV show where he dated a woman and was listed as an 'actor'. here is a link to buy this video, if you go in for that. Personally, I don't like porn." O-kay .... (whistles nervously then runs like the wind) Out : Stern is out of Six stations. urlLink The folks at TheSmokinggun have the transcripts of the show that started the scandal: "In another broadside at Howard Stern, the Federal Communications Commission today fined Clear Channel Communications a whopping $495,000 for last year's broadcast of an allegedly indecent bit on the King of All Media's popular radio program. Acting on a listener complaint, the FCC hammered Clear Channel over an April 2003 broadcast during which Stern and his cohorts discussed their sexual practices and the use of a personal hygiene product called 'Sphincterine.' Included in the commission's notice of liability--which cites 18 alleged indecency violations--was a transcript of the offending broadcast, urlLink a copy of which you'll find below . Until late-February, Clear Channel aired the shock jock's show on six of its stations. But the radio star was abruptly dumped after Clear Channel concluded that Stern's February 24 broadcast violated the media giant's new zero-tolerance decency standards. Last month, Infinity Broadcasting (which employs Stern and airs his show nationwide) was fined $27,500 for a "graphic and explicit" July 2001 Stern show."

 The Passion of the Condi A Harlot Washes Condi's Feet urlLink Dennis Miller recognized Condi as the embodiment of neoconservative urlLink virtu , and with tears equal to his past deeds, he besaught Condi with weeping. Spraying hot tears, the comedian mingled petrol with his moist weeping on her most pure feet and wiped it away with his salt and pepper speckled beard. "Do not despise my tears. Do not reject me as a liberal." The Last Supper On the night before she was betrayed, Condi took urlLink The Yellow Cake , gave thanks and praise, gave it to the neoconservatives and said, "Take this Yellow Cake and eat of it, receive the Yellow Cake with pure souls." And when the supper was over, she took a cup filled with petrol, gave it to the neoconservatives and said, " urlLink Drink this petrol and be confirmed in our right wing faith." Afterwards she took her two closest neoconservative disciples Richard Perle and urlLink Paul Wolfowitz with her to the Washington Monument. The Trial Condi, according to custom, passed through DC, the capitol of the Imperium; accompanied by her neoconservative disciples, went to the urlLink Washington Monument , and sat down on the ground. The neoconservatives were sleeping near her, when all at once an armed troop appeared bearing urlLink ACLU membership cards appeared. They were supported by a detatchment of urlLink UN Peacekeepers . urlLink Richard Clarke , knowing the habits of Condi, had indicated this place as one where she might be most easily surprised; earlier he had dipped his hands with her into a dish of petrol. And, also according to custom, he betrayed her with a kiss for pieces of silver provided for by urlLink Simon and Schuster . The plan of the liberals was to trap Condi, by the testimony of witnesses and by her own words. It was before the powerful personage of urlLink Pontius Keane that Condi was braught. Condi's neoconservative disciples Perle and Wolfowitz followed their Mistress to the dwelling of the urlLink 911 Commission . Perle stopped in the antichamberand was soon recognized by Senate paiges as a disciple of Condi, the accused. Perle denied thrice that he had ever the least connection with Condi. But his better nature soon revealed to him the fault he had committed. Touched to the bottom of his black heart, urlLink Richard Perle wept bitterly. On the reading of the incriminating charge, Condi remained silent for she had resolved to endure all things so that she may save American petrol interests: Condi Rice: urlLink Lover of Oil Politically Left For Dead O Lamb of the Right, political death is blind to your splendor, Condi. The Resurrection After being pilloried by the media in Friday's papers, Condi will rise again on the third day in glory urlLink succeding Jack Valenti as President of the MPAA . She who suffered for American petrol interests has risen, in glory, to Hollywood, to judge the G, PG, PG-13 or R, depending upon their merits and their good works. And her kingdom will have no end, until, of course, she decides to retire (Valenti held his post, like an African dictator, for 38 years) Beyond Politics "So then Condi Rice, after she had spoken to the neoconservatives, was taken up into Hollywood, and sat down at the right hand of Tom Cruise. Condi's body was glorified at the moment of her Resurrection, as proved by the new and supernatural properties it subsequently and permanently enjoys. But during the forty days when she eats yellow cake and drinks petrol, familiarly with herisciples and teaches them about Hollywood, mystery remains veiled under the appearance of ordinary humanity. Condy's final apparition ends with the irreversible entry of his humanity into divine glory, symbolized by the cloud and by heaven, where she is seated from that time forward at Tom Cruise's right hand. Only in a wholly exceptional and unique way would Condi show herself to Dennis Miller "as to one untimely born", in a last apparition that established him as a neoconservative. (ed Note: no blog tommorrow due to work deadlines. sorry)

 Keisha Kight Pulliam, AKA Rudy, All Grown Up I don't know why I am so evil today. Maybe I had evil in my porrige? I am going to get 100 angry emails for desecrating the story of the Passion and Condi Rice, and now I am doing this gratutitous piece on lil' urlLink Rudy from the Cosby Show . To be frank, I cannot think of urlLink Keisha Knight Pulliam as sexy. I simply cannot . Intellectually I can grasp the idea, but I saw her as a cute baby, urlLink so I just can't . Anyhoo : Keisha Knight Pulliam in urlLink XXL : XXL : And in 'One Call Away' you're up there in a cute little bra ... Keisha : They knew that I wasn't going to do anything that wasn't tasteful. urlLink The video is not demeaning, or I wouldn't have done it. Yes, you do see me in a bra and people are very shocked by that because they're remembering me as a 10 year old girl. What's appropriate for urlLink someone who is 25 is not apppropriate for someone who is 10. This isn't Rudy in a bra. It's Keisha Knight-Pulliam , the actress . I still feel guilty. Here's urlLink the basseyworld blog to sum up my feelings: "Rudy Huxtable grew into a beautiful woman. I was worried there during the end of the Cosby Show. But since I went through awkward middle years myself, I knew shed grow out of it. "What? I did too grow out of it! "I have to say, I dont enjoy seeing Rudy Huxtable in a bra and panties. Its just not right." I'll cosign on that.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Diana Ross won't have to serve more time in the slammer. urlLink The AP writes , "On Monday, a city judge rescinded his order calling for the 60-year-old singer to return to Tucson to serve 48 consecutive hours in the Pima County Jail. "Ross, who pleaded no contest in February to a drunken-driving charge, arranged to serve her jail sentence in Greenwich, where she lives. "But based on an account from Greenwich police, Tucson City Court Magistrate T. Jay Cranshaw found that she failed to serve 24 consecutive hours as required by Arizona law." "Ross spent 22 1/2 hours at the Greenwich jail between Feb. 9 and Feb. 10 before being released because there was no female guard on duty for the remaining 1 1/2 hours." Altogether, Ms. Ross spent 44 hours in jail over a three day stretch. Harrowing . Mahogany got to meet her public up close and live . At some point during the stint, the song " urlLink I Want Muscles ," must have gone through her wonderfully processed head. Personally I prefer to think of her in the proto 70s freedom kaleidescope urlLink Mahogany . I ask you, Diana: "Do you know where youre going to? Do you like the things that life is showing you Where are you going to? Do you know...?" Out : Oprah versus Howard . This is a war Howard Stern is going to lose, and lose badly. I don't quite know why he is being such a pussy in taking on the government. Maybe it is his ABC gig that he's worried about. He should be holding rallies at the White House, for God sakes, instead, urlLink he is taking on Oprah . That urlLink significant cultural artifact Star Magazine writes: "Author Larry Sloman , who collaborated with Stern on his book Private Parts , tells Star: 'Howard's show is tame compared to some of the graphic discussions on Oprah. But the FCC doesn't have the guts to take on a black woman who has single-mindedly willed herself an all-American icon.' His frustration with the FCC at an all-time high, Stern has threatened to quit radio all-together, or move to satellite radio, which the FCC doesn't regulate. "But Oprah's racy segments haven't gone altogether unnoticed. An FCC official, who asked to remain anonymous, tells Star that the government agency has received "a number of complaints" about Oprah's show in recent weeks. " ... One of Oprah's former colleagues adds, 'When was the last time Howard did anything good for anybody? Oprah is always doing good things for people.'" I guess breast implants and sex with whores for losers doesn't count as good things? In : urlLink Guadeloupe Lopez hits the jackpot . As if she needed the infusion of cheddar, JLo's mom, Guadeloupe, urlLink hit a $2.4 million payout . Guadeloupe is the mom of multimillionaire diva JLo and successful entertainment correspondent Linda Lopez : "'It was divine intervention,' Guadalupe Lopez declared after her $3 investment generated a more than 800,000-fold dividend. "'I have a great devotion to Our Lady of Guadalupe ... and had just looked up at the $2 million and said a little prayer to her when I hit the jackpot. Our Lady really looks out for me,' she told the slot machine owners, who issued a press release touting the 'anonymous' winner. "Borgata sources and J.Lo's camp confirmed the winner was Jenny From the Block's mom." I'll bet this blog that she is a Sagittarius. I've been aound the block a bit, and nothing fails to amaze me that Sagittarian luck hitting. It's uncanny . Apparently, Guadeloupe had only been playing for about 10 minutes when the three 'Wheel of Fortune' symbols popped up. The Lopez family is definitely the friend of the wheel of fortune. But, wait a second ... didn't urlLink People Magazine report that she broke off her engagement to Affleck because she didn't care for his partying and gambling ? Out : urlLink Iris Palmer, the eccentric british model and trapeeze artist is out of the fashion biz. As the urlLink British Vogue (via the Sunday Telegraph) writes: " IRIS PALMER may have given up her dreams of becoming a trapeze artist to re-enter the modelling world, but it appears she's already regretting the decision. Iris, daughter of Sir Mark Palmer , claims she is already bored and now plans to turn her hand to painting. 'I hate this industry, I really do,' the eccentric English beauty told The Sunday Telegraph . 'I'm not interested in clothes and the people are all so boring. At the moment I'm only modelling to make money on the side. I hope I won't be doing it for much longer.' Her distaste for the fashion industry was openly on display at the launch of the urlLink Vivienne Westwood retrospective at the V&A last week, where she couldn't wait to leave. 'It is simply too full of pretentious people being pretentious to each other," she told reporters as she beat a hasty exit. "It's really not my kind of thing at all.'" In : Kathleen Turner. Who knew? urlLink Michael Musto gives us the dish ,"BILL MURRAY ... stepping up to the podium to crack that he was thrilled to be part of 'the Sofia Coppola lifetime achievement award.' Pointing out KATHLEEN TURNER in the crowd, he then interjected, 'Now she plays homely wenches, but she's obviously an incredibly hot fuck. She must be, right?'" I always agree with Bill. Out : Ed Burns . urlLink Variety reports (subscription required): "The Tribeca Film Festival has announced a lineup of 65 features for its Spotlight, Showcase, Restored & Rediscovered and Midnight sections, with premieres including Ed Burns' latest, 'Looking for Kitty'; David Duchovny's directing debut, 'House of D'; and John Walter's humorous docu-tribute 'In Search of Ted Demme.'" Okay: question: has Ed Burns ever had a hit film ? Why does he get to marry Chrystie Turlington (shakes his fist at computer screen jealously) and make movies! Why! In : urlLink Frank DiGiacomo is leaving the Observer for Vanity Fair . Our urlLink Lizzie Spiers , that dark haired hottie, says, "Alternate headline: "Observer Staffers Dissatisfied: Little Gold Foil Stars No Longer Considered Adequate Compensation Package." "The Observer's Frank DiGiacomo, feature writer and Transom column editor, is leaving for Vanity Fair, where (presumably) he will be paid actual money."

 Billy Bob Left Angelina Because He Was Scared urlLink Manorexic Billy Bob Thornton left Angelina Jolie because she scared him, according to urlLink Ananova , via NBC's Dateline: "In a frank interview with urlLink NBC's Dateline show , he admitted she was "too beautiful and too smart" for him "However he claims they are now friends and that he's been spending time with her adopted Cambodian son Maddox . "Angelina was Billy Bob's fifth wife. They bragged about their sex lives in interviews and, at one time, wore vials of each other's blood around their necks." Thornton also gets sassy with interviewer urlLink Ann Curry . Here's some of the backtalk: Curry in a Hurry : How do you respond to the industry buzz that urlLink The Alamo is in trouble?" Manorexia Nervosa : The people who start that crap are the people that I fight with every day. Name one movie where the filmmaker was not asked to cut it. And I'll kiss your butt. This is standard practice. Curry : This movie's not in trouble? Thornton : Of course not. Okay, Mr. Revisionist History, The Alamo is a flop , you may have to urlLink start kissing Curry butt . Thornton actually has a tatoo across his manorexic back that says, "The Alamo." The Corsair is stunned that he has enough space to get the full text on.

 Topic A: Ron Galotti in Vermont Last night former Vogue publisher urlLink Ron Galotti (no relation) made a visit to our favorite media tv show (alright, urlLink Howie , our second favorite) to tell us about "dropping out" of the competetive New York city magazine game. Apparently "Mr. Big" will be raising chickens (I'm not kidding) and hanging out on 100 acres in the urlLink Green Mountain State . "I lived for 35 years in a pressure cooker," Ron told Tina. So, I guess Ron can understand the vagaries of the politics of poultry; the restraints of rotisserie. "I left my house at 7 am," lamented the urlLink former publisher of Country Living , "and I didn't get back until 11 pm." " urlLink Ron ," said Tina, with all the sincerity of a talk show host wanting to move on to the next segment, "we're going to check in with you ... because I really want to know blow-by-blow how life is going for you on the farm." Hugs and kisses ended the segment. Hmmm. The Corsair's devilish mind wonders how that will end up: slow fade urlLink cock crows , Morning Summer 2004: Tina Brown : Hello folks, and live on satellite, we are checking in on former publisher of Conde Nast Traveler Ron Galotti for the blow by blow on his 100 acre Vermont farm. How's it going, Ron. Ron Galotti : Last night I saw stars, Tina. Tina : (excitedly) stars? Who, Ron, give us the dish. Ron : No Tina, not who. You gotta think of the big picture here. Like, you got urlLink Cameron Diaz ? We've got the urlLink Aurora Borealis . It shines brighter, Tina, last night was the urlLink harvest moon ... Tina : (dejectedly) That sounds positively bucolic. -- Okay, Ron, gotta run to the next segment. fade in. urlLink cock crows Fall 2004 Tina : And live on remote, we have Ron Galotti , former publishing director at Esquire . Tell us what's new, Ron? Ron : That's Selectman Galotti, Tina. Tina : Excuse me? Ron : I was elected by my town to the urlLink board of selectmen . Real direct democracy, Tina. Better than making a cool million a year as publisher at Vanity Fair. Tina : (unenthusiastically) ... and just what exactly does that entail, Ron? Ron : (zestily) Oh, we oversees roads -- including the laying out, discontinuing and reclassifying of roads. We board sit as local board of health, liquor control commission and I'm on the sewer commission ... Tina : Where has the time flown? We have to move onto the next segment. fade in urlLink cock crows . Winter 2004 Tina : (positively unexcited) And live via satellite, we have Selectman Galotti. Quickly give us your hot picks. Ron : Funny you should say picked , Tina, cause I "picked" these myself. urlLink Pressed Cider , Tina; they can't get enough of it here. I pick the apples, run them up the road to a cider mill and ... Tina : Okay, Ron, we've run out of time. basta!

 Lloyd Grove on Reliable Sources Alt urlLink hough The Daily News' Lloyd Grove had a rocky start in New York, urlLink and I said so , he's improved vastly. So, imagine my surprise when Grove was a guest on urlLink Howie Kurtz's Reliable Sources talking on the urlLink JFK, Jr affair fiasco. Never before have two such high profile media personalities spoken in such frank terms -- and on national television, no less -- about ... showering. Howie asked Grove whether or not he would be uncomfortable writing on the JFK, Jr. story and if, afterwards, would he feel the need to take a quick one. "It doesn't make me uncomfortable," said Grove, "and I would take a shower." An honest answer from someone in the gossip business. Later on, Howie hopped in: "We'll have to see (about the JFK, Jr . spade of books). I think I may feel like taking a shower afterwards." Thanks for sharing!

 Dylan in Victoria's Secret Commercial: Sell Out? Some say Dylan urlLink sold his soul to Lucifer urlLink when he went electric . His dye hard fans held on; Dylan is a genius, they said, there is method to his madness. The debate is flaring up once again as a result of urlLink Dylan's Victoria's Secret commercial . urlLink Ananova writes : " Bob Dylan is appearing in a TV advert for sexy underwear and will release a CD of his songs exclusively through the designer's stores. "The ad, for urlLink Victoria's Secret , shows the 63-year-old legend at the Palazzo in Venice leering at a scantily dressed model wearing angels' wings as a remix of his 1997 song Love Sick is played. "Dylan is dressed in black sporting a pencil moustache, goatee beard and eyeliner in the commercial." Eyeliner ? I can already imagine urlLink patchouli-scented fists smashing their sitars in disgust. Hey, the man is a rock star , an eternal adolescent; he has a lot of ex-wives and "love children" to support, cut the man a break. Haven't we all sold out? Didn't we all have IPO shares in our portfolio when we were defending Clinton's blowjob back in the 90s, when the economy was cool? God, I wish we'd all stop playing holier than thou on a man's right to make some money in this economy: by the way, peeps, rock is not art, urlLink Monteverdi is art. When Claudio Monteverdi comes out and does a Taco Bell commercial, then you will hear me blog like a motherfucker, until then, I hope these guys pop a lude and cope . Anyhoo : Ananova continues, "It is the first time Dylan has appeared in a commercial in his 40-year career although in the past he has lent his music to be used in ads. "Victoria's Secret creative director Ed Razek told urlLink the San Francisco Chronicle : 'We had done some spots last year with Dylan's music, and they got a great response. "'I can't speak for his motivation, but it certainly wouldn't be commercial.' "A spokesperson for Dylan's record label, urlLink Columbia Records , said: 'We think this is a great way to reach people with Bob's music. We're thrilled that he said yes when we asked him to be in the commercial.'" Wait a second? There is such a thing as a Creative Director at Victoria's Secret? What the fuck ?! I've got some very creative and, well, athletic ideas for those girls. I'll sell out this blog in a heartbeat for that job (sorry, dear readers): Ed Razek (makes hand signal) ... call me ? Other Dylan song sell outs: urlLink The Times They Are a Changin' to urlLink sell Jayson Blair's Burning Down My Masters' House: My Life at the New York Times urlLink All Along the Watchtower to sell urlLink Jehovah's Witness publications . urlLink Get Your rocks off to the urlLink Carmen Electra's Absolute Strip Tease "excecise" (wink, wink) video. urlLink Joey will be the theme song for the urlLink Friends Spin Off . urlLink Masters of War will be Condi Rice's theme song before her urlLink 9/11 Commission testimony . In other news : Ad Executive urlLink Holden Caulfield has been indicted for spending $3 million in company funds for a lavish birthday party for his wife and mistress on the island of Mallorca.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Liberals as clear-eyed realists and Neoconservatives as otherworldly waifish dreamers . Who would have thought that it would be the nuance-friendly liberal internationalism to counter the naive radical idealism of urlLink the Vulcans in the Bush administration . Who flipped the script? Kerry looks positively manly compared to the doe-eyed lilliputian urlLink Paul Wolfowitz . Out : urlLink Jennifer Garner . Readers: we must stop Jennifer Garner! She is going to conquer the world if we don't. I mean it. Trust my Nostradamus-like media crystal Ball! She is now chatting up her Daredevil spin-off, urlLink Electra , which is sure to put comic book geeks in their seats. People : urlLink Her dimples are the mark of the beast . There she was at the Nicolodeon Kids awards, and there she was, she has urlLink her own fucking CIA web page , and in " urlLink 13 Going on 30 " - Jennifer Garner plays a 13-year-old who wakes up a 30-year-old woman in Gary Winick's "Big" knockoff. Stop her, please, stop her! In : The great foreign policy question of our day is how can the US military urlLink response to the Fallujah nightmare be effective, but not aid the foces of chaos before the June 30th handoff to the Iraqi council? Similarly , in the fashion world, the great question of the day is: have you gotten over urlLink Tom Ford leaving Gucci ? Shallow ? Fo' shizzle, cornbread, but we need our levity in these dark days of the tough slough of war, so, to lighten the load, here's my Ode To Tom Ford , anyhoo : "He styled/ For the confident, sassy woman/ Those who will not give me the time of day/ Lots of python ... and fox / Glofying the slim sillhouette, Old Tom/ Was it the Fall of '96, when I first fell in love with a woman wearing your pencil skirts?/ You who showed me the sexiness of coats/ It's all about the fox stole, Mr. Ford/ We'll miss you." Out : urlLink Alcazar as metaphor . urlLink Alcazar , the high point of Moorish art, stands today as the metaphor for the Western Civilization-Muslim debate that now takes the form, tragically, of bomb diplomacy. The spectacular 16-arch structure was created by the Romans and finished by the Moors. Spain popular opinion was almost completely against the War in Iraq, but because of conservative opportunists, they are at the front lines in a terrorist battle with a North African rogue al Quaeda element intent to reclaim Spain after 10 centuries . Very sad, this: urlLink Alcazar as a metaphor of the possible . In : Hell. Jennifer Garner notwithstanding, Helloboy is number one at the box office, urlLink topping the passion of Jesus . And, according to the urlLink Old Gray Lady , Drea de Matteo , hipster, the irritable bowel syndrome having almost-cheater with Tony, is down with Mephistopheles, " her cellphone rings with a Charlie Daniels Band tune ('The Devil Went Down to Georgia')" Out : Speaking of Beelzebub, Henry Kissinger is out. The Desolate One, Henry (his friends call him bubbles), was on urlLink Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer (a wolf among wolves) yesterday. And I, armed with some strong Kenyan blend coffee laced with urlLink Cutty Sark (my medicine), watched Henry Kissingass . Obfuscating, reconfiguring common sense into lies and complex feints, Henry -- via satellite from his Kent, Connecticut home, in front of a satanic burgundy and scarlet cubist backdrop -- was in rare form. The original hellboy is definitely out . In : Polarization . A nation divided. One can almost imagine a New Yorker cartoon. Two urbane sketches are standing in front of a complicated modernist painting. The caption? "You will see what you want to see, depending on whether you were for or against the war in Iraq."

 60 Minutes: Bob Woodward The leaks over this appearance are mighty. The urlLink fucking Tehran Times is reporting on this book already, spinning it's own nasty tyrannical spin on it! On the urlLink CBS web site , some funamental questions are asked, but the leaks have all but answered them, making 60 Minutes , a little less than must-see television. Still, urlLink Woodward , who once dated urlLink Leslie Stahl will be interesting. Wallace will do the interview, saving Stahl from urlLink a major conflict of interest . Here's what CBS says on their urlLink 60 Minutes Page : "(Bob) Woodward will answer the following questions, among others, in the interview with Wallace Sunday night: "-How early did President Bush begin planning the war on Iraq? -In the war?s wake, which top administration officials now barely speak to each other? -What did the CIA say to President Bush to convince him that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction? -Which foreign dignitary was told of the plans to attack Iraq days before even key cabinet members were briefed? -Which key advisers did President Bush ask ? and not ask ? about whether he should go to war with Iraq? -Why did the CIA think Saddam had been killed before the ground war even began?" And here are some answers, via leaks: How early did President Bush begin planning the war on Iraq? According to urlLink Foxnews , "President Bush secretly ordered a war plan drawn up against Iraq less than two months after U.S. forces attacked Afghanistan and was so worried the decision would cause a furor he did not tell everyone on his national security team, says a new book on his Iraq policy." In the war's wake, which top administration officials now barely speak to each other? According to urlLink Reuters ," Vice President Dick Cheney and Secretary of State Colin Powell are so upset with one another over the Iraq war that they are barely on speaking terms, according to excerpts from a new book published in the Washington Post on Saturday. The book, entitled urlLink 'Plan of Attack ,' is not due to be released until next week but the Post's assistant managing editor, Robert Woodward , wrote it and the newspaper is reporting from it." Which foreign dignitary was told of the plans to attack Iraq days before even key cabinet members were briefed? (ed note 4/19: Originally, I wrote that this was urlLink Tony Blair . Of course, now we know it was urlLink Prince Bandar of Saudi Arabia .) Which key advisers did President Bush ask -- and not ask -- about whether he should go to war with Iraq? According to the urlLink NY Times , "The exact timing of Mr. Bush's request to Mr. Rumsfeld to begin war planning had not been publicly known, and it had not been known that, as the book reports, Mr. Bush kept that request secret from other top advisers, including Mr. Powell, Condoleezza Rice, the national security adviser, and George J. Tenet, the director of central intelligence." Why did the CIA think Saddam had been killed before the ground war even began? urlLink The New York Times reports : "The book also provides new details about the hurriedly arranged airstrike on March 19, 2003, in which the White House jump-started the war with a bomb and missile strike on the Dora Farms compound near Baghdad in a failed attempt to kill Saddam. "The air raid, advocated by Tenet , had initially been opposed by Franks, the book says, but was approved by Bush and Cheney after they asked other advisers to leave the Oval Office. "The strike was launched, the book says, on the basis of first-hand reports from Iraqi sources at Dora Farms enlisted by a network of 87 Iraqi spies, designated with the cryptonym DB/ROCKSTARS, who had been recruited by a CIA team that had infiltrated northern Iraq in the months before the war. "In calls by satellite phone to the CIA team, the Iraqi sources reported that Saddam's sons Odai and Qusai were at the compound, and that Saddam himself would return there. After the strike, the book says, one Iraqi source reported that Saddam's body had been removed from the wreckage, prompting Tenet to celebrate what he thought had been a success. "Even now, it is still not clear whether Saddam was at the site at all, though a CIA official said Friday that the agency maintains that Saddam was "probably" there and survived the U.S. raid. Woodward's book reports that the Iraqi security guard who was the main source of the intelligence was killed in the U.S. attack, but a CIA official said the Iraqi agents recruited by the agency had proved 'extraordinarily productive.'" And, the urlLink Washington Post gives this excerpt : "(Hans) Blix had told Rice, 'I have never complained about your military pressure. I think it's a good thing.' She relayed this to the president. "'How long does he think I can do this?' Bush asked. 'A year? I can't. The United States can't stay in this position while Saddam plays games with the inspectors.' "'You have to follow through on your threat,' Rice said. 'If you're going to carry out coercive diplomacy, you have to live with that decision.' "'He's getting more confident, not less,' Bush said of Hussein. 'He can manipulate the international system again. We're not winning. "'Time is not on our side here,' Bush told Rice. 'Probably going to have to, we're going to have to go to war.' "In Rice's mind, this was the moment the president decided the United States would go to war with Iraq. Military planning had been underway for more than a year even as Bush sought a diplomatic solution through the United Nations . He would continue those efforts, at least publicly, for 10 more weeks, but he had reached a point of no return. "The president also informed Karl Rove , his chief political strategist, of his decision over the holidays. Rove had gone to Crawford to brief Bush on the confidential plan for Bush's 2004 reelection campaign. While Laura Bush sat reading a book, Rove gave a PowerPoint presentation on the campaign's strategy, themes and timetable. "Opening his laptop, he displayed for Bush in bold letters on a dark blue background: " urlLink PERSONA : " urlLink Strong Leader " urlLink Bold Action urlLink Big Ideas " urlLink Peace in World " urlLink More Compassionate America " urlLink Cares About People Like Me " urlLink Leads a Strong Team "All things being equal, the president asked, when would you like to begin the campaign and active fundraising? "Rove said he wanted the president to start that February or March and begin raising the money, probably $200 million. He had a schedule. In February, March and April 2003, there would be between 12 and 16 fundraisers. "'We got a war coming,' the president told Rove flatly, 'and you're just going to have to wait.' He had decided. 'The moment is coming.' The president did not give a date, but he left the impression with Rove that it would be January or February or March at the latest. "'Remember the problem with your dad's campaign,' Rove replied. 'A lot of people said he got started too late.' "'I understand,' Bush said. 'I'll tell you when I'm comfortable with you starting.'"

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Indiewire on Bill Murray at BAM . urlLink They write : "When an audience member asked about his role in Wes Anderson's forthcoming 'The Life Aquatic,' Murray said the shoot was 'an absolute hell' as it stretched from a planned three months to more than five months, and the cast and crew had to deal with the cold Italian winter. But it was evidently worth it: 'It's the best movie that [Anderson] has ever made,' Murray said. 'I'm proud of everything that's on the screen.' When an audience member blurted out that Murray was robbed of the Oscar for 'Lost in Translation,' he smiled and assured that audience, 'I'm really okay... I don't care about the prizes. Making movies is the only thing I can do really well in my life that's not a disaster.'" Out : urlLink Omerosa, to open VH1's Diva's Live . From a mean public official, to the Apprentice, to Clairol Herbal Essence commercials to hosting a VH1 Show. Why do we continue to reward evil ? In : Everyone's favorite cafe society blogger, urlLink David Patrick Columbia , a man surrounded my money and priviledge, waxed compassionaltely for a moment in his urlLink Social Diary : "I was reminded of a dinner of the United Nations Association of the United States of America a few years ago where former Treasury Secretary urlLink Robert Rubin spoke. He said that most of the world (population-wise) was so poor, that if us wealthier ones didnt do something about improving their lot in life, there would be worse problems for all of us. They have nothing to lose." Then, of course, ironically, our Columbia launched into a Tale of Two Parties, one at Elaine's with urlLink The Bruckheimers and urlLink Blaine and Robert Trump , and the other at Celine's for urlLink Neighborhood House's 10th Anniversary . We still love you, David. Someone's got to cover the rich . Out : Cheney. urlLink The Washington Post's William Hamilton writes today : "Woodward describes a relationship between Cheney and Secretary of State Colin L. Powell that became so strained Cheney and Powell are barely on speaking terms. Cheney engaged in a bitter and eventually winning struggle over Iraq with Powell, an opponent of war who believed Cheney was obsessively trying to establish a connection between Iraq and the al Qaeda terrorist network and treated ambiguous intelligence as fact. "Powell felt Cheney and his allies -- his chief aide, I. Lewis 'Scooter' Libby ; Deputy Defense Secretary Paul D. Wolfowitz ; and Undersecretary of Defense for Policy Douglas J. Feith and what Powell called Feith's 'Gestapo' office -- had established what amounted to a separate government. The vice president, for his part, believed Powell was mainly concerned with his own popularity and told friends at a dinner he hosted a year ago celebrating the outcome of the war that Powell was a problem and 'always had major reservations about what we were trying to do.' "Before the war with Iraq, Powell bluntly told Bush that if he sent U.S. troops there "you're going to be owning this place." Powell and his deputy and closest friend, Richard L. Armitage, used to refer to what they called 'the Pottery Barn rule' on Iraq: 'You break it, you own it,' according to Woodward." So, do you think Cheney will claim "health issues" and quit the ticket in Spring, or right before the convention? In : Nothing says "I'm sorry I fucked someone else," like a pink diamond (thanks, urlLink fashionweekdaily ). According to urlLink professionaljeweller.com : "When L.A. Lakers great Kobe Bryant , who was recently charged with rape, gave his wife a $4 million purplish pink diamond 'apology' ring after publicly confessing to adultery, many observers joked that he was creating a new category of jewelry." Indeed he has. The eight karat pink cheaters diamond. First Kobe, now Becks. Accroding to urlLink Ananova : " Victoria Beckham is celebrating her 30th birthday today but husband David is thousands of miles away in Spain. "She is planning a small family party at 'Beckingham Palace', the couple's Hertfordshire home, while he is in Spain for Real Madrid's clash with Atletico Madrid. "The couple hope to be reunited on Sunday when Victoria should be getting a very special birthday present - David has reportedly bought her a 1 million pink diamond ring ." But what about the rest of us cheaters who don't make the Oprah money? Out : urlLink Who leaked Valerie Plame's name to columnist urlLink Robert Novak ? My guess? urlLink Scooter Libby .

 T-Minus 3 Days to Woodward 60 Minutes Bombshell President Bush secretly ordered a war plan drawn up against Iraq less than two months after U.S. forces attacked Afghanistan In three days urlLink Bob Wodward appears on 60 Minutes to detonate nuclear powered revelations about the Bush Administrations readiness in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. The CBS web site reads: "Woodward interviewed 75 of the people who helped prepare for the war, including President Bush the only source who speaks for attribution -- in the upcoming book, Plan of Attack, published by Simon & Schuster. Both CBSNews.com and Simon & Schuster are units of Viacom." Hmm. I guess urlLink Drudge really got to them . The web site goes on to say: "In the interview, Woodward talked about how the administration was able to finance secret preparations for the Iraq war. "'President Bush, after a National Security Council meeting, takes urlLink Don Rumsfeld aside, collars him physically and takes him into a little cubbyhole room and closes the door and says, 'What have you got in terms of plans for Iraq?' What is the status of the war plan? I want you to get on it. I want you to keep it secret,' says Woodward. "'...The end of July 2002, they need $700 million, a large amount of money for all these tasks. And the president approves it. But Congress doesn't know and it is done. They get the money from a supplemental appropriation for the Afghan War, which Congress has approved. ...Some people are gonna look at a document called the Constitution which says that no money will be drawn from the treasury unless appropriated by Congress. Congress was totally in the dark on this.'" urlLink According to CBS : "Woodward will answer the following questions, among others, in the interview with Wallace Sunday night: -How early did President Bush begin planning the war on Iraq? -In the wars wake, which top administration officials now barely speak to each other? -What did the CIA say to President Bush to convince him that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction? -Which foreign dignitary was told of the plans to attack Iraq days before even key cabinet members were briefed? -Which key advisers did President Bush ask and not ask about whether he should go to war with Iraq? -Why did the CIA think Saddam had been killed before the ground war even began?" According to urlLink Foxnews , " President Bush secretly ordered a war plan drawn up against Iraq less than two months after U.S. forces attacked Afghanistan and was so worried the decision would cause a furor he did not tell everyone on his national security team, says a new book on his Iraq policy. "Bush feared that if news got out about the Iraq plan as U.S. forces were fighting another conflict, people would think he was too eager for war, journalist Bob Woodward writes in urlLink Plan of Attack , a behind-the-scenes account of the 16 months leading to the Iraq invasion. " The Associated Press obtained a copy of the book, which will be available in book stores next week. "'I knew what would happen if people thought we were developing a potential war plan for Iraq,' Bush is quoted as telling Woodward. 'It was such a high-stakes moment and ... it would look like that I was anxious to go to war. And I'm not anxious to go to war.' "Bush and his aides have denied accusations they were preoccupied with Iraq at the cost of paying attention to the Al Qaeda terrorist threat before the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. "A commission investigating the attacks just concluded several weeks of extraordinary public testimony from high-ranking government officials. One of them, former counterterrorism chief Richard Clarke , charged the Bush administration's determination to invade Iraq undermined the war on terror. "Woodward's account fleshes out the degree to which some members of the administration, particularly Vice President Dick Cheney , were focused on Saddam Hussein from the onset of Bush's presidency and even after the terrorist attacks made the destruction of Al Qaeda the top priority." The story continues on urlLink Foxnews : "The book says Bush told Rumsfeld to keep quiet about it and when the defense secretary asked to bring CIA Director George Tenet into the planning at some point, the president said not to do so yet. "Even Bush's national security adviser, Condoleezza Rice , was apparently not fully briefed. Woodward said Bush told her that morning he was having Rumsfeld work on Iraq but did not give details. "In an interview two years later, Bush told Woodward that if the news had leaked, it would have caused 'enormous international angst and domestic speculation.' "The Bush administration's drive toward war with Iraq raised an international furor anyway, alienating long-time allies who did not believe the White House had made a sufficient case against Saddam. Saddam was toppled a year ago and taken into custody last December. But the central figure of Al Qaeda , Usama bin Laden , remains at large and a threat to the West. " urlLink The book says Gen. Tommy Franks , who was in charge of the Afghan war as head of Central Command , uttered a string of obscenities ( ed note : italics mine-- R Mwangaguhunga) when the Pentagon told him to come up with an Iraq war plan in the midst of fighting another conflict. And the story continues, on urlLink Foxnews : "Woodward, a Washington Post journalist who wrote an earlier book on Bush's anti-terrorism campaign and broke the Watergate scandal with Carl Bernstein, says Cheney's well-known hawkish attitudes on Iraq were frequently decisive in Bush's decision-making. "Cheney pressed the outgoing Clinton administration to brief Bush on the Iraq threat before he took office, Woodward writes. "In August 2002, when Bush talked publicly of being a patient man who would weigh Iraqi options carefully, the vice president took the administration's Iraq policy on a harder track in a speech declaring the weapons inspections ineffective. "Cheney's speech was viewed as the beginning of a campaign to undermine or overthrow Saddam. Woodward said Bush let Cheney make the speech without asking what he would say. "The vice president also figured prominently in a protracted decision March 19, 2003, to strike Iraq before a 48-hour ultimatum for Saddam Hussein to leave the country had expired. "When the CIA and its Iraqi sources reported that Saddam's sons and other family members were at a small palace, and Saddam was on his way to join them, Bush's top advisers debated whether to strike ahead of plan. "Franks was against it, saying it was unfair to move before a deadline announced to the other side, the book says. Rumsfeld and Rice favored the early strike, and Secretary of State Colin Powell leaned that way. "But Bush did not make his decision until he had cleared everyone out of the Oval Office except the vice president. 'I think we ought to go for it ,' ( ed note : italiscs mine -R. Mwangaguhunga) Cheney is quoted as saying. Bush did. "U.S. forces unleashed bombs and cruise missiles, blanketing the compound but missing the palace. Tenet called the White House before dawn to say the Iraqi leader had been killed. But his optimism was premature. Saddam was alive." urlLink 60 Minutes is on Sunday at 7 pm on CBS.

 Ivana Trump is Jealous of The Donald It is no surprise that urlLink Ivana Trump is jealous of her ex husband The Donald, as temperance is not a part of the Trump genetic makeup. That significant cultural artifact, urlLink Star Magazine reports that Ivana cannot take The Donald's success: "'She is so jealous of him,' says a close friend of Donald. 'Every time he does something and it's a success, urlLink she gets more and more bitter . When The Apprentice took off, she had nothing but venom to spew. She told all their mutual friends Donald's success was a fluke. She said that he doesn't have any charm or charisma in front of the camera and that urlLink she could do a better job . She said urlLink she is the true Trump star .'" Of course, she may have a reason as she negotiated her alimony settlement when The Donald was urlLink in financial straights . Now -- allegedly -- hie is abillionaire. urlLink That's got to hurt . The Star continues: "Now America may get the chance to decide who is the top Trump star -- in the ultimate reality show war. Sources tell Star that Ivana, 55, has signed a deal to star in her own reality show -- which could go head-to-head with the second season of The Apprentice due back on NBC this fall. Though the details have not been finalized, a TV producer who has had talks with Ivana told Star that one premise for the show is 'Girls on Top,' a sort-of 'upscale Average Joe,' with men trying to date successful women. Ivana is also considering other concepts, says another source, including a reality series about older women and younger men -- which has obvious appeal to Ivana, who's been urlLink dating Italian model and dancer urlLink Rossano Rubicondi , 32, for the past two years." What happened to that urlLink dodgy pseudo Count she was dating? "Sources close to both Donald and Ivana agree that watching him hit it big convinced her to do a show of her own. "Seeing the success Donald is having with The Apprentice fueled Ivana's desire to do her own show and has given her the impetus to move forward with it," says Ivana's friend, Vivian Serota . Once Ivana saw her ex's runaway success, Donald's friend says, she became determined to compete, even pitching a few different ideas to producers -- including Mark Burnett , executive producer of The Apprentice. When asked if she was planning her own reality show, Ivana would only say, 'We'll see. Never say never.'" And the article concludes: "But while Donald's net worth is estimated at $2.5 billion -- he claims it's more than twice that -- insiders estimate hers at $40 to 50 million, a relative pittance. A TV producer tells Star that Ivana is practically salivating over Donald's Apprentice earnings. 'Ivana has been looking at ways to get a reality TV show largely because she's seeing how much money Donald is making,' a source says -- reportedly $5.2 million for the season." Ivana salivating over money? Nooooo . Check out urlLink The Star .

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink The Patty Hearst mugshot . Very chic. Out : Crack. Very wack . William Moyers, Jr ., the son of liberal patron saint urlLink Bill Moyers , has admitted to alcohol and crack addiction. He tells urlLink the Emory Wheel : "'My casual drinking was replaced by full-blown alcoholism,' he said. "But Moyers managed to graduate with honors in journalism (from Washington and Lee). Following in the steps of his father, he began working for CNN in Atlanta. "But Moyers had a secret life apart from CNN. He began buying and using crack at a house near the intersection of Ponce de Leon Avenue and Boulevard Street." I think Whitney frequented the same locale. Ghastly, really, but it was the hip crackspot. First Chris Rock's recipe for lactose crack, and now urlLink Bill Moyers, Jr . In : urlLink Morton Kondrake . urlLink The Washington Post's Reliable Source writes today (via urlLink Wonkette ): "'Beltway boy urlLink Mort Kondracke's 2001 book about urlLink his life and his wife, urlLink Saving Milly: Love, Politics, and Parkinson's Disease , was a local hit. Now it's in the works to become a TV movie on CBS, which has two sponsors for the likely Sunday night flick and is looking for two more. 'The producer did urlLink Winds of War and urlLink War and Remembrance , so I'm really happy about that,' Kondracke said. 'Not that Robert Mitchum is around to play me!' Who would he like in his role? (' Steve Buscemi' was the suggestion loudly offered yesterday by one of the Washington insiders attending Kathy Kemper's Institute for Education power breakfast.) 'I invite suggestions,' Kondracke told us." Hmmm. I suggest a regimen of daily vitamins and anaerobic exercises, Mort. And, while we are on a "new me" thing, how about a change of surname? Out : urlLink Hillary will not be Veep . Drudge reports: "Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton was asked in an exclusive interview on NBC's Today this morning what she would say if Kerry asked her to be his running mate. "Clinton said, 'I don't think that will happen. I made it clear I don't want that to happen. What my answer will be, it will be no. I am not prepared to do that.'" Right now one can almost hear the enourmous ketchup scented "whew!" being uttered by the Kerry team as Kerry will already win New York and needs a midwestern, southern, or southwestern running mate. And fears of "memoir blackmail," that interesting theory urlLink Dick Morris put forth , which, it appears, Hillary took pains to respond to today. In : urlLink Norway . urlLink Washington Life Magazine writes: "Former urlLink Rep. Lee Hamilton presented the Peace/Maker Peace/Builder award to the (Nowegian) Ambassador ( Knut Vollebaek ), honoring the government of Norway. (Hamilton, who represented Indiana for 34 years in Congress, is now the director of the urlLink Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars , and serves also as the vice-chairman of the '9/11 Commission,' the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States. Hamilton spoke of Norway?s long record of defusing international conflicts, specifically in the cases of Sri Lanka and Sudan. He pointed out Norway?s good example as a precept: that 'outsiders should strive to support and maintain institutions, not seek to control the process.'? urlLink Skoal . Out : Naomi Campbell . The urlLink 3 AM Girls report that Naomi, who has dated in recent weeks urlLink Tommy Lee , urlLink Sean Lennon and urlLink P Diddy , is now set on Damon Dash : "The pair were canoodling at exclusive London club Eve on Wednesday - and onlookers claim their relationship is definitely more than platonic. "'They were all over each other,' says our spy. 'They certainly looked like a couple.' "While most dismiss Naomi as a tantrum-throwing diva, 33-year-old Damon - in London launching new hip-hop magazine America - insists Naomi is 'a cool and interesting person' and he pulled out all the stops to ensure an intimate liaison. "During a magazine interview, the pair were texting each other like mad. "'I can't believe Naomi is in town,' he gushed. 'We're always missing each other, so now I want to invite her to dinner.'" And so it begins. In : $15 Million a picture star The Rock. Is that a name or a noun? Anyhoo, Rock, like Billy Bob Thornton, admits to having a crush on the daughter of the beast, Jennifer Garner in that significant cultural artifact, urlLink The Star : "Q: What star do you think is sexy? "A: urlLink Jennifer Garner is a sexy lady. She has a beautiful face. She looks like someone you can connect to." Just remember, you heard it here when Jennifer Garner becomes the head of the New World Order and demands that we all urlLink tatoo bar codes on our foreheads . Be rapture ready is all I'm saying. Out : urlLink Ananova reports that Court Love (get it?) will have to stand trial: "She attended a preliminary hearing on Thursday, and the trial is expected to start in Los Angeles later today. "Love had been arrested in October 2003 after damaging her ex-boyfriend's house in the middle of the night. "A judge ruled she must also stand trial on two separate drug possession charges. "Love, 39, also faces assault charges in New York stemming from an altercation in a nightclub last month. "Shortly after her appearance in court yesterday, she went on The Tonight Show to promote her solo album America's Sweetheart . "During the interview with Jay Leno she talked about running for the Attorney General of California and even flashed her knickers." She flashed her --- what?! Whoa: Ananova is Little Ms. Racist today ... huh? ... whuzzat? ... oh, knickers ... I thought Ananova said .... In : Court Love. She's so out, she's in . urlLink The Scotsman says , "Before the judge arrived in the Beverly Hills court, Love smiled and pointed to her bare shoulders. 'Strapless,' she said, referring to her black dress. 'Its a silly case. Silly dress.'"

 The Lovely Bones My name was urlLink Geronimo , like the Apache; originally I was called Goyathlay. As the American Empire expanded west, stealing the lands of the Native tribes, I led the Apache's to fight for our land as the government pushed us into stagnant reservations. During the late 19th century, one quarter of the American Army tried to locate my secret base in the Sierra Madre mountains. Ultimately, after fighting the good fight, urlLink I died of pneumonia on February 17, 1909. That should have been the end of things. But it wasn't. urlLink Prescott Bush , father of the first President Bush and the grandfather of the current President, stole my urlLink bones , just as the American governoment took away from me freedom in the final years of my life. This is a crime, this captivity of my bones, which has led me to urlLink roam unburied , unable to enter the happy hunting ground. urlLink Prescott Bush stole my bones from Fort Sill, OKlahoma, for the pleasure of his secret society urlLink Skull and Bones . urlLink I wish to be buried in the Triplet Mountains, but the frat boys at Skull and Bones, the gatekeepers of power, will not let me, an old Apache chief, achieve his final reward. They dug up my body in 1918. My body is at the Skull and Bones Museum. The Skull and Bones Society admitted that it held my remains as early as 1986. The palefaces hold my remains in a glass cage. The Skull and Bones Society log book records the 1918 grave robbery. According to the Skull and Bones log book entry, Prescott Bush, grandfather of George W. Bush, and five other officers at Fort Sill, Okla., urlLink desecrated my grave . I ask the current President (S&B, '68) or even John Kerry (S&amp;B, '66) or even the first president Bush (S&amp;B, '48) to atone for the sins of your grandfather. Please give my bones back to the Apache people, so that I can be buried on Apache land. I was born on the prairies where the wind blew free and there was nothing to break the light of the sun. I was born where there were no enclosures. And now I am urlLink trapped in these stone walls .

 Overlooked Classics Most of this was posted on February 18th, but since some new people have come along since then, I thought I'd republish it with some additions of overlooked classics: What the fuck was up with urlLink this ? When I was a kid urlLink the dummy in Magic kept me up. Screaming. Crazy ... urlLink Stoned, the Afterschool Special with Scott Baio . "Super Stoned Jack," was the scariest introduction that most of us had to the world of the sweet leaf. Sensimila? Not if you have any sensibilities! The tag line for this read: "Jack is a motivated high school student who smokes cannabis for the first time, and falls in with a fast crowd. Will he wake up and realize what he's doing with his future before it's too late?" If I were stoned I would never go out in a row boat on the grey and greasy river limpopo. Well , certainly not after seeing this little chestnut of a public service announcement made by anxious parents of latchkey kids in the Age of Studio 54. Put it on Trio so we can all laugh at the "reefer madness." Just say yes to that Farah Fawcett haired character Felicity. But I'm sure skeevy New York Times writer Neill Strauss will. Dummy . urlLink Gritty 70s drama of urban social decline -- thanks, Ed Koch ! Asshole ! Back in the Koch day, NYC was all about twitchy pimps with straightrazors and purple suits with ruffled shitrs and jewel encrusted goblets wandering the urban landscape (hey, come to think of it, urlLink the pimpy fashion sensibility is very ... umm... urlLink priest -like), as well as greaser glue sniffing graffiti punks roaming the streets in search of a little of the old ultraviolence . Koch turned NYC into a Guns n Roses video, with Mr. Brownstone creeping around Central Park in a raincoat with nothing on underneath! Get this plot, though, peeps: LeVar Burton plays a deaf and dumb mute who is framed for the death of a prostitute (Kuta Kinte, you are a framed man!). But will we get justice for the amiable host of urlLink Reading Rainbow ? Anyhoo : Will a young Paul Sorvino get him redemption when he cannot even communicate with his morose client? Or will "Dummy" just become another urban statistic on the Koch street? Despite the overall bleakness, this a very, very cool slice of social commentary. urlLink Bugsy Malone . This was the shit when I was a kid. Scott "Chachi" Baio, who, incidentally, Hollywood has not been kind to, is in a period gangester flic ... only everyone is little kids . Crazy. urlLink Jodie Foster plays an oversexed Tallulah Bankhead rip off. There's a gangster called Fat Sam. And the whole crazy 70s scenario is about spud guns. There is a veiled sense of poking fun at the Cold War here. urlLink I loved this movie . I wish Trio would put it back on (" urlLink anybody who is anybody will soon walk through that door/ at fat sams grand slam speakeasy") Poldark: This cult British tv series is quite habit forming. Incredible. Just urlLink incredible . A period piece that is a cross between Wuthering Heights , the Mayor of Casterbridge and Le Liaisons Dangereuse but with a compelling soap opera character at its heart. A guilty high quality pleasure. You get sucked in to this costume drama that is one part Danielle Steele and one part high art. Assorted Good Times episodes: Come on, you know you had a crush on Wilona ("and you too, Wilomena" said the archetypical corrupt pol, Alderman Davis ) when you were kid, didn't you -- the only blingy woman in the projects; or, if you were a girl, Bookman the janitor was your long, cold drink of water . What, you never saw a black man doing a John Wayne impression, pilgrim ? You better act like you know . And you know in your heart Wilona saved Janet Jackson from falling down that elevator shaft while trying to escape her mom who beat her with a hot iron just before she became Willis' girl, then Cleo on Fame.("and you too, Winooski") Remember the episode where Michael gets crunk off some dodgy ghetto "health tonic" (aka, muscatel) with a dangerously high alcohol content? Crazy. urlLink classic ("Get Vita Brite and sleep tonight" ...*promptly passes out*). Then there was the time Michael joined a gang and hid his jacket in the oven, which prompted JJ to note that the smell emanating from the kitchen was an improvement on Thelma's cooking. Oh , what about the one where Thelma almost married this polygamist Nigerian cat. Crazy ! What about that pimpy guy "Lennay," who always sold hot appliances from out of his coat. Classic . So was the episode when James has hypertension. So was ... hey ... was this urlLink a comedy or what ? ("and you too, Winifred") Cinema Paradiso . The best work of art on the subject of friendship I've ever encountered. The Corsair lost a couple of tears in his Cutty Sark at the end of this one. Any classroom reading of urlLink Artistotle on Friendship should include a look at this film. urlLink Shields and Yarnell . Come on, you know you liked it -- mime, dance and comedy sketches. What more could you want? Okay, talent is valid. urlLink Fellini's Satyricon . A pagan work. Un-be- fucking -lievable: creativity on a galactic scale. Nino Roti's sonic assault of wierd music alone is worth the DVD price. The Rablasian Fellini walks us through Roman antiquity as he imagines it, crossed with highbrow science fiction sequences of an imagined future looking backwards. There can never be anyone as Felliniesque as Fellini. Fellini has this really odd little maneuver, where the actors are frequently lstanding still, ooking into the camera, which creates a very disturbing effect. Throughout the film -- the Minotaur spares Acyltus from a bludgeoning, promting cosmic laughter at the end(the absurd universe?), then the rambling journey winding through the labyrinthine whorehouse at the beginning, with those withering close ups of the freaky pagan denizens therein, then the elaborate fake funeral at Trimalchio's dinner (eating and dying was all Trimalchio was about) -- all give off the combined effect that the film is laughing at you, the viewer . From some distance outside of time the film is laughing at the viewer. Very, very strange effect, that. Also, the world's first urlLink werewolf tale. Carl Sagan's Cosmos : Okay, so in the madcap world of urlLink astrophysics Sagan's hypotheses are probably all outmoded already . Right? So what? So is urlLink Ptolemy's Almagest and yet I still read it in college and gained benefit. The methods by which man came to his conclusions about the universe are worthy of contemplation; and, of course, worthy of more questions in light of our most current data. Cosmos is no exception. This series was the bomb! ( looks around sheepishly, then raises hand , " question : who is the biggest PBS geek in the room"?) Classics are never outmoded. urlLink Chespirito . This show was a mystery to me: Why would a grown Latin man in need of some excercise want to go on tv dressed like a racy little bumble bee number emblazoned with a big "CH" on his paunch. Subtitle it and put it on Trio; I'd watch it just to clarify my childhood mystery. I'd like to crack open a cold cerveza and figure this out. What the fuck was going on here ? Why is everyone else laughing but me? I feel like I'm in a Fellini movie, but it is in Spanish and the sets are decidedly low rent. We'd all like to know what the people on that endless laugh track find so fucking hilarious. Fame the TV Series : Why are there not repeats on VH1 of this show already? When you say low budget and high quality I think .. right here's where you start paying for it ... with pain ... and sweat . The show of young, artistic people struggling for their moment to shine is about as American as it gets and less cruel than Donald Trump's Apprentice, where sharky career advancement is all about crippling the competition. Whatever happened to that sexy cello player who wouldn't give anyone the time of day, urlLink Lori Singer . I was all about the emotional cellist yet frosty behaving Lori Singer back in the day. Yummy. Cries and Whispers by Ingmar Bergman . If Black Stallion is the most beautifully shot film, then this is number two. All natural lighting. Bergman uses a fade to red to seperate scenes, mimicking the inner membrane of our eyelids. About as fucking intense as art can get. And halfway through this film about communication and treachery -- where the incessant ticking of an pocketwatch reminds us of time's passage -- Bergman dissolves a reconcilliation scene between two hard hearted sisters into urlLink Bach's Sarabande no. 5 in D minor . That's so fucking cool it hurts to just write it (*sips Cutty Sark to steady hisself*) The Black Stallion: Those fabulous Copollas! This is perhaps the most beautiful filmed movie ever. From the point of view of a boy. The Black Stallion is really the restrictive society. Very 70s. The image of the horse adrift in the Pacific Ocean, a burning ship sinking in the background, and the boy, by pure instinct, snatching the floating rope as it passed, is straight out of urlLink Jung . The Gore Vidal-Bill Buckley Debate-Fight It was in the heart of the 60s: the polarized political center of the 60s. The left and the right clash violently on national television . In the news division of a respectable network . Fuck! A classic . The country was divided in those days is an understatement. Excellent . Buckley is the Grandfather of the American conservative movement; Vidal the leading leftist rhetorician (lefties don't organize hierarchical movements, it goes against type). For a moment, our two leading intellectuals of our two political polarities went at it in a bareknuckled intellectual fistfight. Not since urlLink Burr shot Hamilton dead has there been so much political drama in The Republic. Was there something in the water in the late 60s, or was everyone just crezzzzy. Woody Allen's Teleplay: Don't Drink the Water . One of the urlLink most interesting experiments on television ever. Woody Allen directs and writes a teleplay starring Michael J Fox and the kid who played Blossom . Shaky handheld camera follows a grown Michael J. Fox as he slowly becomes involved with a bright but much younger woman. How the fuck did this get on American and not Parisian tv? Aren't we supposed to be puritainical? Did Woody Allen have so much juice back in the day that he could put on pedophilic Americana on network tv? Does the story sound familiar? Actually the story is tame, and inventive and very, very arty. Kramer vs. Kramer. The first dramatic and fully articulated statement of the Baby Boomers achieving adulthood. A film of the first water. Young married couple breaks apart. They become two seperate people post sexual revolution. Wife leaves shallow workaholic husband and baby. Goes out West. Comes back revitalized. In the meantime, shallow husband defined by his work, like an Eisenhower-era man, like--probably--his father changes, grows . Welcome to 1978, motherfucker. Husband fights custody. Bach and Vivaldi weave in and out of this drama that takes place, it seems, embroidered into the most poignant colors of Autumn in Central Park, from skeletal oranges to deep cloody oches and emerald greens. Those colors and Bach and Vivaldi accurately reflect the heightened emotion of the drama -- the decisive break from the previous Eisenhower-era, the divorce and emancipation of the Boomers in film. And the courtroom scene where Meryl Streep slowly dissolves into tears offset bya forced composure (better than Jane Fonda in Klute) as Hoffman's lawyer vivisects her irresponibility -- her feminism, her 1978ness -- are among the best goddamned acting you ever will see. Kramer versus Kramer is as good as film gets. Whatever happened to Slim Goodbody? True, he was slim. Very slim. Okay, urlLink John Burstein was the classic urlLink ectomorph geek . But we were urlLink wild and innocent youth at the time. What were we to know about cool? But even as a kid, I did pick up a certain ... nervousness. Now, maybe that had to do with a really fast metabolism on his part. Or, maybe it's just the plain fact that dressing up in his mom's panty hose with your innards haphazardly pained on them isn't the best way to make a living. And add on to that the fact that he did this in front of kids. In the name of (makes broad ironical quotation marks with his fingers) " health education ." Said ectomorph with an afro would actually sing these horrible -- horrible -- rockabilly ditties and dance this really spastic jazzercize numbers, chicken legs flapping in the wind, all in full view of kids. How lame is that? When I was a kid at the urlLink UN School it was considered lame to watch Slim Goodbody. Nowadays similar social leprosy could be gained from admitting to the consumption of urlLink Benson and Hedges cigarettes , or purchasing a urlLink Kenny G album . For whatever unfathomable reason of the childhood cruelty of my generation, the Yemeni Ambassador's kid at the UN School was considered a geek . Kids are old school like that. Now, in his early 30s, that kid is right about now a mid level official in the tyranny there, taking out all his childhood aggressions on innocent civilians. Shit happens : I can't be held accountable. Anyhoo : Even that kid -- let's call him the monkeyboy -- he thought Slim Goodbody was lame. That guy. And you know your up shits creek without a paddle if your shtick cannot appeal to the undiscriminating tastes of the Yemeni Ambassor's kid. urlLink Matthew Starr pretended to be an earthling, but he was really the Crown Prince of the Planet Quadris . His father was overthrown by tyrants, so he was sent here to develop his telekenetic powers then go back to throw down some furious anger at his oppressors. His mentor is Louis Grossett Junior , who also pretends to be his science teacher. As opposed to, say, urlLink Bennu of the Golden Light , who is a messenger from an alien world, a scout. Bennu is looking for his lost companion, Mira . He aids people in distress with his freaky magical amulet. You better recognize . urlLink Alan Fawcett was the host of a show which scored pantomimers on originality, appearance and lip synch. urlLink Quincy's understanding of forensic medicine was way ahead of it's time for prime time tv. He, Quincy , of the LA Coroner's office. He lived on a boat, was a 70s swinger, and played detective to find evidence to support his theories of unexplained deaths. This did not endear urlLink Jack Klugman to the urlLink po-po . urlLink Greg Evigan played the independent trucker BJ McCay . He was a medevac pilot in the Nam and, somehow, managed to smuggle a chimp named Bear back with him. Living in a truck has it's advantages, as he croons in the theme song, "Best of all, I don't pay property tax ." Sheriff Lobo was always on his ass for something or other. Quite possibly this was tax related. Robert Gulliame -- who insists that he is not Haitian/caribeat , played an upwardly mobile household executive-budget director-Lt. Governor, urlLink Benson DuBois . (*snickers* DuBois?) His plight mirrored the rise of African Americans throughout the 70s, more accurately than Good Times (the low estimate) or The Jeffersons (an inflated estimate of the African American plight). He bantered with the Wagnerian housekeeper urlLink Gretchen Krauss , played so ably, ironically by the Nebraska-born Inga Swenson . urlLink That freaky kid Missy Gold with the big eyes and the adult dialogue kind of wierded me out. She harshed on my urlLink "I'd Like To Buy The World A Coke" 70s vibe. So, now you know .

 Chris Rock Dodges The Crack Trap I've been hard on urlLink Neil Strauss , and those of you who have been reading me a while know that I have been hard on urlLink Jann Wenner and Rolling Stone . That having been said, the April 29, 2004 issue is fantastic. Let's leave aside urlLink Uma Thurman , who, in an interview, defends urlLink Ethan Hawke's infidelity with a urlLink Buddhist assessment of his " urlLink intentions ", and everybody's favorite possum eating urlLink hillbilly celebrity Billy Bob Thornton saying, a propos of nothing, as hillbillies are wont to do, " I like waitresses. I met one at a waffle house in Nashville that I don't know if the devil could have charmed her ..." Thanks for sharing, Billy Bob ! But, No, none of that&nbsp;piffle crosses our radar, the real nuclear explosion comes from a urlLink Chris Rock interview by none other than our boy Neil Strauss . A&nbsp;unusually&nbsp;bold&nbsp;observation about "the rock"&nbsp;turns Chris "Rock" very, very &nbsp;reflective ... a very special Corsair (soft piano music): Strauss : So did you ever try crack? Rock : The closest thing I ever got to doing crack was selling crack. Me and a friend of mine, we took these jobs at a camp just to make money. We were going to get paid a thousand or two thousand at the end of the summer and take that and buy some crack to sell. But of course he got hooked on crack before we could go out and do it. And then, right after that, God braught comedy into my life. Strauss : I wonder what would have happened if you had started selling it? Rock : Who knows what would have happened. I would have been dumb enough to have done it. I'm not saying, 'If I wasn't for comedy, I'd be selling crack.' But I rememeber sitting with my friends, cutting up the coke like it was yesterday: cocaine, lactose, vitamin B12. Cook it up -- crack. I am so lucky I never tried crack. The most I did was put some coke on my tongue." Bravo to Neil Strauss for asking the hard questions and Rolling Stone to briefly getting back to hard hitting stories. And good for Rock, who dodged a bullet that ravaged the inner city in the 80s. But, Chris, hey -- urlLink lactose in the inner city ?

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : The new tell all Vogue editrix's urlLink Anna Wintour bio. urlLink Page Six says of the bio: "'The book will deal with how viciously Anna went after urlLink Grace Mirabella when Grace was editor of American Vogue and Anna was creative director,' tattles our source. 'Anna was gunning for Grace's job, and eventually got it when S.I. Newhouse fired Grace and replaced her with Anna.'" Hot damn, this is better than urlLink Dynasty . Another Wintour's Tale, urlLink Fashionweekdaily reports on Plum Sykes' Bergdorf Blondes Book Party (you know, the party where urlLink Amy Fine Collins fainted): "At the end of the night, crowds of 15+ filled descending elevators. But when Anna, (her son) Charlie and urlLink Shelby (Bryan) departed for the evening, not a soul stepped into their elevator, and everyone opted to take the next one down. 'She had what you could call the VIP elevator of the night,' quipped one of the waiting guests." And: "Annas assistants refused to let urlLink Patrick McMullan upstairs to shoot, but when a bevy of beauties walked out of an elevator and proceeded to air-kiss Patrick, urlLink he was waved through ." You can't stop The Patrick . Out : urlLink Lil Kim's Court Date . Lil Kim urlLink isn't looking her best . She looks likr the type of person who travels via the Ricky Lake limo service. Ah, the blush is off the rose, urlLink Lil Kim . As urlLink Millie Vanilli lip synched, poignantly, touchingly, "It's a tragedy for me to see, the dream is over." In : Dick Morris . Once again, Morris, the brandy swilling Francofile former " urlLink John " makes an acute political observation. According to urlLink Page Six . A political expert told the Sixers "'If Kerry names (Hillary Clinton) his running mate, the book's release will suddenly be delayed until after the election,' ... Dick Morris - whose own book, 'Rewriting History' (a play on Hillary's "Living History"), is due out May 4 (said): 'I think that is very possible. I think that it is also a bit of a threat . . . that if [Kerry] does not choose Hillary, Bill will dominate the environment during the campaign and distract attention from the ticket. If Bill, who has trouble finishing anything and procrastinates constantly, actually finishes the book, there is a reason. Likely she was nagging him to do it so he could raise the pressure for her.'" Out : James Carville. Accroding to urlLink Lloyd Grove , "That was urlLink James Carville being refused seating at the urlLink '21' Club Tuesday night because he was wearing his usual starched and pressed (but verboten at '21') jeans. The Ragin' Cajun had arrived to help his wife, urlLink Mary Matalin , celebrate the publication of her book urlLink 'Letters to My Daughters' at a dinner hosted by Simon & Schuster honcho David Rosenthal . But the maitre d' vetoed the jeans, so Carville rushed around the corner to Brooks Brothers and bought an $80 pair of khakis." In : Johnny Depp and Vanessa Paradis. urlLink Ananova reports , "Johnny Depp says he would never ask his Vanessa Paradis to marry him as it would ruin her 'perfect name'. He said he often thought about proposing to the mother of his two children, but the name issue had held him back. 'It's so perfect and so beautiful,' Johnny said. 'It would be a drag to stick her with Paradis-Depp. It's like a flat note.' "But he said he would not hesitate if she was to propose to him: 'She's the woman of my life. I would do it in a second.'" Spoken like true urlLink Gemini . Out : The Democratic Leadership Council. urlLink Bob Shrum , the Karl Rove of the Kerry campaign is an unreformed old fashioned liberal. Any pandering to the center Bill Clinton style will not be tolerated. Shrum comes from the Robert Kennedy tradition of the Democratic Party. So, buh bye to the DLC types, buh bye urlLink Paul Begala . In : George Hickenlooper's new indie documentary " urlLink Mayor of the Sunset Strip " about the very odd but interesting urlLink DJ Bingenheimer , who is famous for knowing famous people, urlLink Indiewire's Wendy Mitchell writes: " ... Hickenlooper's documentary isn't all a rock-and-roll party; it also looks at Bingenheimer's disturbing obsession with celebrity and his troubled real-life relationships." Out : urlLink Jenny Garner . urlLink Alias ... the daughter of the beast. "And I saw as it were a sea of glass mingled with fire: and them that had gotten the victory over the beast, and over his image, and over his MARK, and over the number of (her) name, stand on the sea of glass, having the harps of God." (Revelations 15:2) urlLink We must stop Jennifer Garner from dominating the world . We must. In about two weeks her new film 13 Going on 30 comes out. We have a urlLink cordon sanitaire . Please help me urlLink stop the daughter of the beast. In : Awww, Courtney. Why is it that the thought of Courtney makes us all feel all warm and protective about her? urlLink The Scoop has a down and out Courtney Love bemoaning her fate. "'Im covered with loser dust,' Kurt Cobains widow griped to Blender magazine. Love and her daughter, Frances Bean, did the interview for the mag, according to a source who saw the issue that hits newsstands next week. 'I cant even get an autographed Charmed poster for my daughter.' Awww, Courtney. We still love you. Out : urlLink JLo . urlLink According to Ananova , who got some advance on JLo's Inside the Actors Studio appearance (I know, I know, I'm wondering what she's doing there as well), Ms. Lopez regrets the nickname. In : A very strange thing happened last week on urlLink TMLTMF . The usual no holes barred pop culture banter was replaced, if only briefly, by the most fucking intelligent debate on the nature of Art. That shit was outrageous. Who knew? urlLink Crazy . Out : urlLink Scott Thorsen's alleged affair with Michael Jackson come out this week. Isn't he a little bit old for Michael? In : urlLink Sarah Weinman is a very sexy blogger who blogs about the sexy subject of mystery and crime writing. urlLink Check her out .

 Kitesurfing: The New Black? urlLink Reuters reports on the popular new extreme sport " urlLink kitesurfing ", "The sport that mixes elements of kite flying, wind surfing and surfing has grown rapidly over the past five years. Even presidential candidate John Kerry likes kiteboarding, to the consternation of his wife, Teresa Heinz Kerry . "When the winds blow, San Francisco-area kiteboarders rush to the Pacific Ocean to enjoy the power of the waves and the wind. Some are able to leap as high as 20 or 30 feet into the air, sometimes flying for many seconds." Who needs to be bitten by a radioactive spider? urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever

 An Open Pitch To Mark Burnett urlLink Mark, baby : Have I got a pitch for you. Are you ready. Hold on to your socks: Kids Fight Club . Are you still with me? I know a media savvy guy like you observed the kudos given out to the urlLink SNL Fear Factor Junior parody. Cute, but it has a poverty of vision. Now, Kids beating the snot out of each other? This is cutting edge . This is bigger than the two of us, Mark. I'm talking "babies with rabies." "The tribe has spoken," is the tagline for Survivor. "You're fired," is the Apprentice. And what about us? "Two kids enter ... one kid exits ." Who to host? We get a no name. Kids further down the show business food chain are more pliant. There are a million hungry stage mothers on the Upper West Side waiting for this shot, ready to kill or be killed -- so to speak . We do this right and we could build a franchise. I'm talking amateur kids fight clubs at Disneyworld, Mark. We shoot around Manilla for the summer. They don't have issues with a little kid-on kid-violence in that part of the world, Mark. Press? If we get the edgy crowd on our side, we're safe. Baby smackdowns are beyond good and evil: it's controversial. And if the John Stossels of the world get in our grill, we go Zen. Fall back. Fuck 'em. Does the oak flinch at the bamboo shoot? Take it to heart, Mark; this is money in the bank. Call me?

 For the Control Freaks urlLink This Chicken is your private dancer , he does what you tell him to do ... (get your control freak on ...)

 Britney: OnTourage urlLink CNN reports (via urlLink Hollywood Reporter ), "Representatives for the pop princess are shopping a reality series featuring backstage footage of her life on tour, according to sources. "Being pitched with the pun-style title 'OnTourage,' the series would follow the lives of Spears and her fellow dancers on the upcoming European leg of the Onyx Hotel Tour, her steamy concert series. "'OnTourage' is being described as a cross between MTV's 'The Real World' and 1991's 'Madonna: Truth or Dare.' Spears would narrate and even wield a digital camera to chronicle her adventures with her dancers, bodyguards and managers from the tour bus to the stage." I'm not quite sure if I would pitch a show mentioning it's similarity to Madonna's Truth or Dare (or, for that matter, any cinematic -- ahem -- "work" of The Material Girl's, but I know that I need to know all about the adventures of her dancers, her bodyguards and managers from the tour bus to the stage. What do you think? urlLink VH1's Best Blog Ever ( ed note : I will be going to urlLink Bill Murray's event tonight and then working all day tomorrow on deadline, so, no blog till Thursday. Sorry. Hope to see you at BAM)

 The President and the 9/11 Commission Five democrats and five republicans today discussed issues spanning the Clinton and Bush administrations as to how we could be so naive about the threats to our democracy. There were five times as many graduates from Al Quaeda camps as our intelligence academies at the FBI and CIA and yet we still allowed them into our country. In the words of urlLink Tennyson's March of the Light Brigade , "Forward, the Light Brigade!/ Was there a man dismayed?/ Not though the soldier knew/ Someone had blundered." urlLink Daniel Patrick Moynihan was so far urlLink ahead of his time on so many issues, like urlLink international law , and now, it seems, secrecy. urlLink Moynihan wrote a book called urlLink Secrecy (please urlLink buy this book if you are interested in the 9/11 Commissions inquiry into the breakdown and disconnect between our intelligence organizations). On the CIA and FBI's competition he writes: "Bureaucratic boundaries have also proliferated, although occasionally they have been surmounted by public servants of rare quality. In the case of the CIA and the FBI in the 1990s, urlLink John M. Deutch as director of the CIA, urlLink Jamie Gorelick as the deputy attorney general, and urlLink Louis J. Freeh as director of the FBI have developed guidelines for sharing intelligence information and thereby have successfully reduced tensions between these two rivals. At the top, at all events. In the vaults and tunnels, however, the secret wars have gone on as before." Such dark language and so prescient. In Secrecy, Moynihan traces the history of governmental secrecy, a twentieth century innovation, and the results are very, very sad. Let's hope that tonight -- George Bush's 12th q and a with the media, he touches, if only briefly, on this. Okay, now on to the fun stuff.

 Fashion Week Daily: Tina Asleep at the Wheel The people at urlLink FashionWeekDaily are almost as obsessed with Tina Brown as I am, which is significant . Okay, Question : if you cyberstalk someone and you are really, really talented at it, like I am with Tina ... then, like, are you still stalking or is it just surveillance . Hmmm.... Anyhoo : Here are some of the questions that they think Tina flubbed when she had Plum Sykes on: "Tina asked : These [Bergdorf blondes] are the girls who are in the party pages of Womens Wear Daily? Tina should have asked : The Sykes siblingsthere are, like, 10 of you, right? " Tina asked : Are they going through a phase? Tina should have asked : What did you eat today? " Tina asked : What happens if youre a Bloomingdales brunette? Tina should have asked : And why do you look nothing like your twin Lucy? " Tina asked : Tell me about clinical. Clinically depressed. Tina should have asked : Do you wear the same shoes twice?" And on March 20, we said re: Plummy: "From Aaron Gell's review of urlLink Plum Sykes' Bergdorf Blondes , from the urlLink April 2004 W : "Fashionista-cum-muckraker Plum Sykes , who apparently spent years researching her novel Bergdorf Blondes ( Miramax Books ) by going deep undercover as a glamorous It Girl. The story is told in the voice of a shallow, narcissistic features writer for a major fashion magazine -- a voice Sykes nails with uncanny verisimilitude. Unfortunately, while she name drops all the requisite labels, like the crack fashion caption writer that she once was, the plot she hangs them on is thinner than a urlLink Louboutin heel , and nowhere near as sturdy. It centers on the breakup of the heroines' engagement (her moody beau is said to be a stand-in for Sykes' former fiance, Damian Loeb ) and her subsequent quest for another PH (prospective husband) who has his very own PJ (private jet)." Charmed, I'm sure. This Andrew Gell can write (bows in reverence). His snark is pure.

 A Little of the Old In and Out DC-Hollywood-NYC Edition In : urlLink Dick Morris . Say what you will about our favorite brandy swilling francophile urlLink "john" , but Dick makes acute political observations. Today he writes in urlLink his column : "If the president is not careful, he will discredit his administration and the Republican Party for a decade by insisting on staying in Iraq long after the regime he opposed is toppled, despite casualties, in a frustrating and elusive search for peace and stability in a nation that has never known either. It is only Bushs obsession with Iraq that could elect Sen. John Kerry (D-Mass.) president." I don't know if Morris has backdoor access (so to speak) into the Bush White House -- I doubt it, but anything is possible for the man who worked simultaneously for urlLink Trent Lott and Bill Clinton . Machiavelli comes to mind. Bush ought to read Morris' column thoroughly before giving his speech tonight. There is wisdom (and an acute reading of polls and the mood of the people) therein. Out : urlLink Barbara Walters . Tacky. Very, very tacky. urlLink Geraldo may think she's a dame with a great rack and a set of legs like sticks of dynamite, but The Corsair is unimpressed (Also, that's Geraldo , he thinks Minnie Mouse is hot) . As if it weren't bad enough that Babs introduced into the Art of the Interview game the shameless question, "If you were a tree, what tree would you be?" Now urlLink Lloyd Grove gives us a peek inside her palatial Fifth Avenue apartment to find that the tackiness is neverending: "Suitors called on the 72-year-old Walters at her palatial Fifth Ave. apartment, where she led them on a tour and showed off her 'power wall,' featuring snapshots of herself and virtually every important person on the planet." A wall of power ? EEEwwwww. If she were a tree, what tree would she be? A punk ass urlLink birch . MIXED : P Diddy . Honorary African-American urlLink Michael Musto gives us some scoop on P Diddy's urlLink Raisin in the Sun advance buzz: "I don't know if Sean Combs is going down or not, but I hear that the Raisin in the Sun audience guffaws when his character is excited to get a $10,000 check. The real Diddy is so much less oppressed that Ralph Carter , from the original production of Raisin (the musical version), bitterly told Barry Z , 'If I was Sean, I could buy me a show too!'" In : We love urlLink David Patrick Columbia's New York Social Diary . Sure, it is urlLink whiter than Jenna Bush's legs (thanks Wonkette), but then, so is the Upper East Side. He has some incredible pictures of ultragorgeous model Larisa Bond's birthday party, and some comments: "Very 60s this moment. Master Event designer Remco created a 007 fantasytheme la Goldfinger , with rooms of red and gold. Guests played with gold squirt guns filled with Veuve Clicquot causing a certain movie star of Gilligans Island fame (hint hint) to get up and leave ' Ive been squirted too many times,' she stated (understandably) impatiently. Why does that sound like so much spam?" "Remco"? That "movie star" -- ahem -- would be urlLink Tina Louise , of the awful plastic surgery. Out : urlLink Sofia Blanc de Blancs . I have a thing about Sofia Coppola . Sure, she wore flats, and she hunches a bit: wouldn't you be if you were urlLink universally blasted in your first acting role as sinking the franchise of the greatest guy movie of all time ? Maybe it's because she is as fanatic about Bill Murray as I am (rumor is that she became melancholy waiting for Murray to accept the Lost in Translation role)? I don't know. She has that arty look that I dig, so maybe that goes into the mix as well. But to name a wine after oneself. No, baby, that's just plain urlLink wrong . Apparently -- I kid you not -- there are cans of wine called "Sofia Mini's." I'd love to make a comment geometrically balanced with just the right amount of wit and saucy humor about the Sophia mini's, but that would be too easy and I'd end up disappointing you. In : urlLink The AP reports that urlLink Supermodel Carmen Kass is running for a seat in the European Union parliament under a pro-business party: "The blonde, blue-eyed Kass - heralded here as one of the best-known and richest Estonians in the world - has brushed aside criticism that she's a neophyte with no political experience and not qualified for public office. "In an interview earlier this year she said she could help raise Estonia's profile by serving in the European Parliament. "'I'm entering politics because, for the past 10 years, I've gotten a lot from the world,' she said. 'And everything I've gotten, I've gotten from Estonia. I want to give something back to Estonia.'" That's right Carmen, urlLink give back to the community . Out : urlLink Vivika Fox . Spread-eagle on the cover of urlLink Smooth . Damn. Couldn't get that urlLink Jet centerfold , huh sister? In : Old Hag. Give us urlLink ye olde haggis anyday. Out : Grover Norquist. Uber sleaze. This man is evil. John Kerry has got to bring his name up and shine light on Norquist, who, often, has been known to hide beneath rocks in Washington. Here is urlLink John Loftus on Olbermann : "LOFTUS: Well, you know, its a funny story. About a year-and-a-half ago, people in the intelligence community came and said-guys like urlLink Alamoudi and urlLink Sami al-Arian and other terrorists werent being touched because theyd been ordered not to investigate the cases, not to prosecute them, because there were being funded by the Saudis and a political decision was being made at the highest levels, dont do anything that would embarrass the Saudi government. So, of course I immediately volunteered to do it and I filed a lawsuit, against al-Arian charging him with being a major terrorist for Islamic Jihad, most of his money came from Saudi charities in Virginia. "Now, Alamoudis headquarters were in the same place, he was raided the same day, on March 20. An hour after I filed my lawsuit, the U.S. government finally got off its butt and they raided these offices. And, the stuff that theyre taking out of there now is absolutely horrendous. Al-Arian has now, finally been indicted, an along with Alamoudi, today. "But, who was it that fixed the cases? How could these guys operate for more than a decade immune from prosecution? And, the answer is coming out in a very strange place. What Alamoudi and al-Arian have in common is a guy named urlLink Grover Norquist . Hes the super lobbyist. Newt Gingrichs guy, the one the NRA calls on, head of American taxpayers. He is the guy that was hired by Alamoudi to head up the Islamic institute and hes the registered agent for Alamoudi, personally, and for the Islamic Institute. "Grover Norquists best friend is Karl Rove , the White House chief of staff, and apparently Norquist was able to fix things. He got extreme right wing Muslim people to be the gatekeepers in the White House. Thats why moderate Americans couldnt speak out after 9/11. Moderate Muslims couldnt get into the White House because Norquists friends were blocking their access." Draw your own conclusions. In : urlLink POV , the innovative PBS documentary series. Out : Don't kill the cgef, he's only trying his best. urlLink Ananova gives us scoop on Johnny Depp : " urlLink Hollywood Reporter says (Johnny) Depp grabbed an old blade from a wall and joked he would kill the cook for making fantastic sticky toffee pudding. "It quoted a member of staff as saying: 'Depp's always in our upstairs bar with different people having a laugh. He was drinking with urlLink Samantha Morton , urlLink Johnny Vegas and some off-duty staff. "At about two in the morning they'd finished off two bottles of port and 14 bottles of wine between five of them. "Then Johnny got this look in his eye and started yelling that he had to kill the chef for making such amazing sticky toffee pudding and custard. He had it for three days on the trot and says it's the most delicious thing he's ever eaten." "Depp is currently in England for filming on The Libertine." Looks like Johnny is the libertine.

 Edie Falco Shows Tush! urlLink Soprano's fans were treated to a sentimental education as Carmela Soprano in lieu of some cuddling with AJ's college advisor, Mr. Wegler , heads to the loo -- NYPD Blue style. Through the chiaroscuro of suburban trial separation sex, a shot Edie Falco's taut tushy is unabashedly displayed. First urlLink Jamie Lynn DiScala in Heidi Fleiss , and now Edie Falco . My VH1's BestWeekEver post urlLink here .

 The Bob Woodward Nuclear Meltdown: T- Minus 6 Days Shhhhhhhhhh . Listen. No, no, listen carefully, grasshopper. Can't you hear the sound of papers rustling in the Nation's capitol? Can you feel the intensity of the nervousness? That, dear reader, is the hullaballoo right before urlLink Bob Woodward makes his appearance on urlLink 60 Minutes next week and flips the fucking scrip. The furor on the right is urlLink massive . Only six more episodes remain urlLink before Don Hewett goes back to Martha's Vinyard and hands off the mothership to the Tiffany Network. And you can tell, can't you ? Hewett is going after the Bushies like nothing I've ever seen before. His "fuck you" attitude is written all over the last 5 broadcasts. Even Howard Stern's rants seem flaccid in comparison to the sharpness of 60 Minutes' urlLink anti-Bush editorial stance . urlLink Lefties, rejoice . And so in DC urlLink the Woodward game is strong. Actually, the urlLink anti-Bush publishing industry is strong in general. And these developments come amid the whispers of " urlLink who leaked to Robert Novak "? Novak, nicknamed urlLink 'The Prince of Darkness' for his overall demeanor and his column, urlLink which traps all the best urlLink leaks on K-Street like a spiderweb, urlLink declined to speak of the matter at Harvard. But this week urlLink the buzz will intensify incrementally, as the urlLink April 30 pub date approaches and we hopefully find out just WHO leaked.

 Lynn Hirschberg to New York Magazine? We Can Only Hope ... urlLink The inimitable Gawker turns our attention to an interesting post on the urlLink LA.com Blog . They write: "Hollywood is openly wondering what Adam Moss , the former features czar for The New York Times who left to edit urlLink New York magazine , is going to do about entertainment coverage. Here's a scoop that hasn't been announced: Anne Thompson was let go as New York mag's Hollywood columnist back in January by Moss's predecessor, Caroline Miller . (Previous to her, the mag's columnist, who also held the title of West Coast editor, was LA Weekly's Nikki Finke ). So the mag is presently without a Hollywood writer, leaving a clear path for Moss to name his own--if he even decides to keep the column. True, Moss has been seen lunching with urlLink The New York Times Magazine's contract writer urlLink Lynn Hirschberg at urlLink NYC's Michael's restaurant . But the two are close friends so it may have been purely social." ( ed note : 4/11: urlLink Anne Thompson is still on the masthead at New York. Apologies) Yeah, it could be purely social, but, then again, let's get the ball rolling and drum up some wild speculation. urlLink Catherine Seipp in Salon did an excellent job summing up the flak that led to Hirschberg's getting the bump from Vanity Fair back in the day(1998). Seipp wrote then: "Briefly, here's the back story: "1. Lynn Hirschberg , who wrote regularly for Vanity Fair under Tina Brown but never enjoyed the same closeness with the magazine under Graydon Carter , nevertheless was assigned to profile Seinfeld for the May issue." (cue ominous music) Seipp continues: "2. Although Hirschberg is urlLink famous for turning celebrity profiles into celebrity vivisections (as in the memorable ' urlLink The Fall of Jamie Tarses, As Scheduled ' in the New York Times magazine a few months ago) her portrait of Seinfeld was basically a Valentine -- urlLink atypical for Hirschberg , but typical for a Vanity Fair cover . Not that there's anything wrong with that!" Ummm , we won't get into my opinions about Vanity Fair covers, although you can read all about it urlLink here (3rd story). "3. Vanity Fair now accuses Hirschberg of showing Seinfeld a copy of her manuscript before it was published -- which would be a major breach of journalistic ethics -- and has severed what was left of its relationship with her." urlLink On April 2, 1998, NY Post reported : "But even hard-nosed Jonas couldn't shield Seinfeld from the tenacious Hirschberg, who, over the years, has eviscerated Courtney Love , ABC's Jamie Tarses and others. "Love never forgave Hirschberg for writing that urlLink the rocker used heroin while pregnant with daughter Frances Bean . "At a post-Oscar party in 1995, Courtney picked up Quentin Tarantino's Academy Award and vowed, 'If Lynn Hirschberg were here, I'd kill her with this Oscar.'" urlLink Seipp continues in Salon : "4. Hirschberg says she did not show Seinfeld her manuscript." and : "5. Jonas faxed Vanity Fair what the magazine took as evidence that she did. " But, urlLink The NYPost reported at the time : "Hollywood execs and journalists who've had to deal with the difficult Jonas - notorious for not returning phone calls - were doing cartwheels over the news that she'd gotten the ax. "'I field calls from people all day long who just do nothing but complain about her,' one top-level television industry insider told ( ed note : then-) The Post's urlLink Josef Adalian . 'People think she's an ineffective, destructive and mean-spirited excuse for a publicist.' "Added another detractor at a major network: 'If you were to poll everyone here, they'd say she's a big bitch and a huge pain in the ass.'" Finally: "6. Hirschberg responded that this 'evidence' was merely papers she accidentally left in Seinfeld's car, not her story. " "7. Jonas isn't Seinfeld's publicist anymore." Since then, Hirschberg has labored in the New York Times wilderness, turning in urlLink interesting copy . urlLink Hard hitting copy that the media chattering classes mull over . Back in urlLink 1998, Catherine Seipp wrote , " ... a studio publicist said to me the other day, indulging in a little shudder just at the mention of Hirschberg's name. 'She's like Mike Wallace showing up at your door with a camera crew -- I mean, why even open it?'" Why not open it, says The Corsair . What's wrong with a Mike Wallace of the Hollywood entertainment complex? Forgive and forget, I say. Wouldn't Lynn Hirschberg be a magnificent Hollywood columnist for New York?

 A Little of the Old In and Out Hollywood-DC-NY In : urlLink 60 minutes Corporate Tie-in Flak . I warned them, but did they listen? Look : I love 60 Minutes, but Matt Drudge is right about the motives and urlLink the shady corporate tie in . I grew up on their brand of Martha's Vinyard hard edged cultural elite investigative journalism. I loved it when urlLink Ed Bradley went to Greece to get to the bottom of the November 17 terrorists. And urlLink Christianne "the Goddess" Amanpour's interview of Chirac on the Persian Gulf War was masterful. But no one -- no one -- can defend their urlLink blatant attacks on the Bushies of late . As Newsday's Glenn Bower reports: "Many conservatives are suspicious because within four months, '60 Minutes' will feature three books that are either critical of Bush or are expected to raise tough questions about his leadership, said Rich Noyes , research director of the Media Research Center. "Besides the Clarke book and upcoming feature on Woodward's account of the administration's planning for the Iraq war, the newsmagazine in January interviewed former urlLink Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill about his criticisms of Bush in the book "The Price of Loyalty." "Noyes also said urlLink Stahl's interview with Clarke didn't match the '60 Minutes' standard of toughness. "'60 Minutes had made it a practice its whole life of telling corporate America to come clean and tell America what is going on,' Noyes said. 'They should be held to the same standards themselves.'" Indeed. Out : urlLink John McCain as Kerry's Veep : it is not going to happen. urlLink Sure, there was a high powered flirtation across the halls of power. urlLink Howard Kurtz quotes McCain spokesman Marshall Wittmann as saying, "'It's not going to happen -- end of story, period, exclamation mark.'" That's a wrap fellas , nothing else to see here, no more speculation, move along crisply. In : Inexplicably ordinaty looking Hollywood superstar, hero of the working man Drew Carey gets greenlighted ... again . urlLink Alexis de Tocqueville never would have anticipated this shit happening in such a brilliant democracy. According to urlLink Medialifemagazine.com : "The WB has given the green light to a sketch comedy pilot called 'The Green Screen,' featuring Drew Carey . The show is a takeoff on a popular 'Whose Line Is It Anyway?' bit, in which cast members stand in front of a green screen unaware of what is happening behind them." Sounds suuuuper . Can't hardly wait. Somewhere in the LA, urlLink 1,000 talented young writers unable to get development deals are committing urlLink hare kare . Out : Lovely airhead Penelpoe Cruz tearfully asked frosty calculated Hollywood robot Tom Cruise to 'Tell me why?' after he broke up with her, according to urlLink Ananova.com via urlLink The Mirror : " Penelope Cruz reportedly burst into tears while visiting old flame Tom Cruise , demanding: 'Tell me why.' "She enjoyed dinner with Cruise when the pair met up in Berlin just days after announcing they'd split up. "The Mirror says reports in Germany claim diners at urlLink Bocca di Bacco saw Cruz weeping during the meal. "One diner told urlLink Welt am Sonntag newspaper: 'Tom Cruise tried to comfort her, he put his arm around her and kissed her. He laid his arm around her shoulder and kissed her. Then she asked him again 'Tell me why?'" I don't know, Penelope, ask urlLink Nicole and urlLink Mimi Rigers with urlLink Mont Blanc pens . In : urlLink Lindsayism's Lindsay has got a job at Comedy Central . Writing for a cable tv network is one of the big dreams of us bloggers, those who share this thing of ours . And we feel happy for Lindsay, she of the lovely cheekbones, who writes today, "So I got this really effing cool new writing job (at Comedy Central). I'm still going to be putting something here every day, but I can see the level of compulsive 'blogging going down significantly. So that's why." Represent , Lindsay, we'll miss the flow of relentless evil genius, but we are happy for you. Congratulations. Out : Enrique Englesias cheated on tennis b-lister Anna Kournikova , according to urlLink Jack Cooke of that significant cultural artifact, the National Enquirer : "... he bedded a busty blonde in London, according to a British publication. " Emma Kearney had sex with the singer in a bathroom after meeting him in a nightclub, says England's biggest selling newspaper, the Ne urlLink ws of the World . "And even though the Spanish heartthrob confessed recently he didn't have a lot to brag about in the trouser department, Emma says he more than makes up for his shortcomings. "'We did it so many ways in so many different contorted positions I felt like a gymnast!'" damn. In : Snoop Dogg , I guess . From 50 Cent to Snoop Dogg . urlLink Vivika Fox (link barely safe for workplace) knows how to keep her urlLink name in the news . Out : urlLink Britney goes down . Luckily she wasn't hurt bad. The audio is urlLink here (14th post down, entitled 'Download Britney's knee Injury Audio') on Everythingbritney.net. She fell down during a March 18th concert in Violine, Illinois. Again, glad to say she's okay; but we can't resist the audio -- try as we might -- which is transcribed thusly: "(inaudible) Unidentified person : We just gotta call your mom ... we're gettin' your mom on the phone, honey, it's okay. Britney : I just went doen, like you don't understand. I got the move an' everything and I wend DOWN. I don't even understand (groaning). inaudible Brintey : It hurts ... like I don't think you have any idea how bad it hurts ... I don't even know why?" Awww . Free massages right here, Britney; Uganda-style. In : Nick and Jessica's TV special's are in. Definitely in. Of course I don't watch that crapola; but someone does . I guess the kids who are not watching Carmela's tushy are into the newlyweds. According to the urlLink Drudgereport's filched Nielsen numbers, "'NICK AND JESSICA' CONQUER PRIMETIME! DUO'S ABC VARIETY SPECIAL WINS TIMESLOT, NIGHT WITH 7.8 RATING/12 SHARE , ACCORDING TO NIELSEN... NETWORK TO ORDER ADDITIONAL SPECIALS, PLOTS REGULAR SERIES" (covers ears) okay, Matt, no need to shout, let those guys at urlLink the last place network plot away; they need a hit like a junky. Right now at ABC the executives are on their knees praying to Nick Lachey (pronounced la-shay ) and Jessica. Mixed : There is no coif more spectacular than the Japanese Prime Minister's coif -- urlLink period! urlLink Japanese Prime Mister Junichiro Koizumi's hair . It is so stylish, so fluffy: urlLink like raven's wings flecked with salt. Is it real? How can anyone's hair be so ... ethereal ?

 Puffy's a Little l'Oeuf in his Oeuvres P Diddy's urlLink l'oeuf make a very urlLink Cocteauesque appearance in his urlLink oeuvre recently, which, in due turn, landed him deep inside in the Old Gray Lady today. I know that sounds vaguely pornographic, vaguely French, so allow me to explain. Check out this urlLink strange chestnut from the New York Times , which starts in a P Diddy acting "session" for the Broadway play " urlLink A Raisin in the Sun ,' with one Ms. Batson , Diddy's acting coach, that goes kind of, uhm, er, haywire and takes us to a very dairy space . Let's start at the acting coaching: "For about 15 minutes, Ms. Batson made practical suggestions ('Don't fear making it presentational') and mused about the text ('This is life. This is the dream. This is it'). And when she didn't like something, she was brutally honest ('You're just not getting the moment'). "Mr. Combs made a point: 'You have all these other teachers like Strasberg ,' he said, turning toward Ms. Batson to check whether he had correctly pronounced the name of the illustrious acting teacher and co-founder of the Group Theater . Ms. Batson, who studied with Strasberg at the Actors Studio , nodded. 'But,' he continued, 'Susan has been able to simplify and make it more direct. Sometimes her help can be as crazy as Dare to eat the eggs . " "He was referring to an early scene in which Walter Lee's wife Ms. McDonald makes him scrambled eggs. In the first few previews, Mr. Combs left the eggs on his plate, but after that he started taking forkfullsls. 'People have come to see the play; real New York thespians and they're like, `Damn, he's really eating the eggs,' Mr. Combs said. `I can't believe it. He really can act.' " "The next evening, Ms. Batson attended a performance with a class of her students a group of aspiring stars who jumped to attention when their leader said 'Listen up, troops!' During the show, Ms. Batson seemed to be in constant motion, shifting in her seat and writing notes furiously. But during the breakfast scene, she froze after Mr. Combs ate his scrambled eggs. He started choking, coughing so hard he practically brought the performance to a halt. Ms. McDonald, quick on her feet, brought him a glass of water and, after a few seconds, he recovered gracefully. Ms. Batson shook her head and giggled. "I can see the headline," she whispered. `Coach Kills Combs.' " "The eggs were still on her mind after the show, when she went backstage to give notes. Mr. Combs was visiting with Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher , so she waited in a room across the hall. Kenny Leon , the director of 'Raisin,' joined her. After a long pause, he said, 'He's not going to eat those eggs.'" Next time, can someone get Puffy a urlLink chocolate swirl cheesecake from Juniors , please? Thank you.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : The urlLink Friends lawsuit, which, if I do say so myself, aint Friendly . Sure, the entertainment industry at any one time has a half a dozen really juicy, succulent pieces of litigation circulating, but this is so best . It's special , like that urlLink Diffrn't Strokes episode when the bicycle store owner molests Arnold Jackson's friend Dudley . A very special lawsuit . With notes of snitching and casual sexism. According to the urlLink Smokinggun (via urlLink Gawker ) in the lawsuit's allegations, the writers of Friends come off as stupid, lewd, racially insensitive jugheads, just the sort of type that would envision New York the way they do every week -- not exactly in those words , of course. The defendant, one Amaani Lyle , comes off, even worse than the jerky writers, she comes off as quite bitter. In entertainment, lawsuits are like handshakes. Some of the highlights: "(complaint #) 25 . I had to constantly listen to comments of what kind of breasts and what kind of buttocks my supervisors were most attracted to. "42. (Executive Producer) urlLink Andrew Reich would insult me because I previously worked at Nickolodeon , but he would not insult the other writers' assistants. " 50 . (NBC writer) Greg Malins talked about what he'd like to do sexually to different cast members on the show like Courtney Cox and Jennifer Anniston . " 59 . (Executive Producer) urlLink Greg Malins would take a copy of the Friends script cover and blacken out the letters to make it say penis. "71. (Friends co executive producer) urlLink Adam Chase once called Maura Kauffman a cunt in a phone conversation with me on a weekend when I was home. "78. Greg Malins liked to doodle and it usually was something disgusting." Ooooh, I'm telling on you . I hope Ms. Lyle gets some sort of a payday out of this elaborate snitchery , because she's going to find a hard time ever working in that town again. Out : urlLink Elvis Mitchell, leaving the Times . As Gawker reports: "After we reported it on Wednesday, the rumor that film critic Elvis Mitchell is leaving the NY Times is already on its way to confirmation. Today, Variety steps up the rumor-mongering, confirming along the way that A. O. Scott will be named chief movie critic. Variety claims that Mitchell has 'irked' people at the paper, with his gallivanting about society with film directors and spending the last semester up at Harvard. "[UPDATE: We hear Elvis actually has been asked to leave the building -- we hear his cubbyhole is all packed up and cleaned out.]" Irked? And urlLink he looks so easy going on those IFC interview thingies. IN : Alexandra Posen , at the CFDA 's Fashioning Fiction In Photography Since 1990, the other night, spinning to urlLink Fashionweekdaily on behalf of Alexander: "I think it's a great junction. People keep saying it's this awkward union, but it's a great junction of two fashion superstars. Zac's been seeking a collaboration [backer] from the beginning. Without [ urlLink P. Diddy's ] support, we're essentially monetarily on our own?he definitely is paving the way for us to produce big things, which we have planned, for September.' Or, as urlLink British Vogue says : "Combs noticed Posen's talent early in his career and made his respect for him public while DJ-ing in a New York nightclub after the CFDA awards last June. 'You ain't got shit if you ain't got Zac Posen in your closet,' he said over the loudspeaker." Oh Puffy, shut up . Out : urlLink Paula Yates broke urlLink Bob Geldoff when she dumped him for future autoerotic asphyxiation poster boy Michael "Devil Inside" Hutchence , according to urlLink Ananova , via the urlLink Daily Mirror : " Bob Geldof lay on the floor of his home for two days after his wife Paula Yates left him for Michael Hutchence. "He speaks about the ordeal in a BBC1 programme on Saturday night about the Live Aid hero. "Geldof, 52, says he was 'helpless' as Ms Yates destroyed herself with drink and drugs. "However, he doesn't attack the mother of his three children - Peaches , Pixie and Fifi Trixibelle , says the Daily Mirror. "He says: 'I don't think I would dis her. She was great.' "Geldof also says he couldn't understand why she left him for the INXS singer. 'I couldn't stand being without my family. Home had gone. Home was them.' "His friend Marsha Hunt said he'd was completely broken by the experience. 'He was on the floor in a foetal position in the living-room and he basically stayed there for the next two days.'" I've been there over a woman, so I won't even get snarky about that whole naming your kids Peaches and Fifi Trixibelle shit. That kind of fuckery is for his analyst to delve into. Draw your own conclusions on that. In : urlLink Mary J. Blige , She shares a lot in common with Jane t Jackson . Liberated nipples, for one thing. urlLink Aside from her 60 Minutes flap and the FCC getting involved, British Vogue writes: "AFTER noticing that her nipple was free for all to see during a recent stage performance, Mary J Blige decided that she had to give her wardrobe some attention. 'I need clothes,' she told Women's Wear Daily . 'Not the handkerchiefs they're selling now. It's got to be loose fitting stuff. The jeans have to have stretch and they have to make me happy.' While Dolce & Gabbana dressed Blige for her 2002 tour, the singer admits that the clothes weren't perfect because she didn't have enough time for all the fittings. 'A lot of the stuff wound up being too low-cut,' she went on. 'And low-cut jeans don't work for me. My behind is low and high at the same time, and I refuse to have my behind showing.'" (uncomfortable silence) Does anyone out there know how a behind can be high and low at the same time? Out : urlLink Kim Delaney . urlLink TV Guide asks : Is Kim Delaney acting a bit ... odd, of late? On a recent interview via conference call with TV Guide reporter Daneil R. Coleridge : " Kim Delaney hasn't had the easiest life in recent years. urlLink She was arrested for DUI in 2002 ; her show urlLink Philly was axed ; she was urlLink let go from CSI: Miami ; and, last year, urlLink she checked into an Arizona rehab facility to treat an alcohol addiction. This week, the actress raised eyebrows once again ... "On Wednesday, Delaney and Beau Bridges did a telephone conference call with reporters to plug urlLink NBC's four-hour miniseries 10.5 , about a deadly earthquake hitting the West Coast. (It airs May 2 and 3 at 9 pm/ET.) Between answering questions, the actress punctuated the pauses with anxious remarks seemingly unaware (or unconcerned) that reporters could hear everything she said. 'Beau, how weird is this?' she was heard to complain. 'Beau, are you going crazy? I gotta call you after this. I'm dying!' "Bridges and the Peacock publicist in charge of the call had to reassure Delaney she was 'doing fine.' She kept insisting Bridges phone her after the conference to talk about it, as if something unusual were going on, other than her own surreal commentary. Frankly, this seemed odd behavior coming from an actress who's been doing press to promote her projects for years. "The 42-year-old Emmy winner, who plays a seismologist in the disaster drama, did grudgingly answer some queries. When asked if she'd do more NYPD Blue, she told TV Guide Online: 'Always. If Steven [Bochco] calls me. He's been a great friend. If he calls, I show up.' "We also inquired about the status of urlLink Sudbury , her CBS pilot about two sisters who happen to be witches. 'I have no idea where it's going,' she said. 'It's a very nice cast. You got Dixie Carter, Shirley Knight, myself and Jeri Ryan. We finished [shooting] it. It was great.' She also added, 'I'm a good witch. It's not like black magic.'" What the fuck? I got 50-50 odds on Delaney going crazy in 2004, 60-40 on Sadie Frost , and 75-25 on Brittney Murphy with those big spooky peepers. In : urlLink Greek Cypriots defeat Unification Vote . In a massive blow to peace and stability in the region and a stubborn clinging to old, outmoded and jejune tribal notions (gee where does the Corsair side on this issue), Alex Efty of urlLink the AP writes : "The European Commission said it 'deeply regrets that the Greek Cypriot community' rejected the plan. "'A unique opportunity to bring about a solution to the long-lasting Cyprus issue has been missed,' the commission said in a statement in Brussels. "The commission, the EU's administration, said it wanted to 'warmly congratulate Turkish Cypriots for their 'yes" vote ( ed note : in the separate referendum).' It added it would look at ways to promote their development. "Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots voted in separate referendums on whether to accept a plan by urlLink U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan that would reunify Cyprus after 30 years of division. The United States and other countries have pushed hard for acceptance of the plan ahead of Cyprus' May 1 entry to the European Union." Why is this in and not out? Good news : Another defeat of the useless fuzzy-wuzzy Kofi Annan . Let's put urlLink George Bush,.Sr in this position. Yes, I can hear the outrage, but listen, politically, do you think Southerners will stand for a liberal Secretary General, like Clinton or Carter ; never; and do you think an unsophisticated little autocrat like Giuliani would ever pass muster with the left of the Foreign Relations Committee? Bush is supremely qualified, he is not too right wing, and is just moderate enough. The perfect compromise, if we can get past the freaky Bush-Dynasty -illuminati crowd and push this through.

 An Amy Spindler Farewell Sunday night most people will be watching urlLink Carmela's father's birthday party on The Soprano's , or urlLink Helen Mirren's suspenseful Prime Suspect 6 on Masterpiece Theater , but the TiVo players of the city's power players in the Fashion Industry will be on, just as the apricot-bronze sun goes rose, setting, they will be out in rememberance of Amy Spindler , former fashion critic of the New York Times and style editor of its magazines and fashion supplements, who died, far too soon, of brain cancer on February 27th, at 40. urlLink Fashionweekdaily 's Merle Ginsberg writes: " Amy Spindler , one of the fashion worlds most beloved people and revered writers, will be eulogized this Sunday night in New York at the Rainbow Room . Her friends and co-workers from the New York Times Magazine have organized a memorial for the 40-year-old journalist, who died this past February after a long struggle with cancer. " urlLink Ingrid Sischy will host the event and play emcee, and the speakers among the four hundred expected guests (the event is PRIVATE) will be New York Times Magazine style creative director Elizabeth Stewart (Amys best friend, co-worker, and whom Amy introduced to her husband Rob Bragin ), Tom Ford , the New York Times Magazines Andy Port , writer Peter McQuaid , Diane von Furstenberg ( urlLink Spindler helped write her latest book), and InStyles Hal Rubenstein ." Also attending will be Donatella Versace , Anna Wintour ,, Donna Karan , KCDs Ed Fillipowski , Evelyn and Leonard Lauder , Helmut Lang and Sandy Brant , many of whom, according to urlLink Merle Ginsberg of Fashionwire , will "help pick up the tab."

 Andre Leon Talley Gets Rave Reviews From ... Style.com Some hyperbole from urlLink Style.com : "'It was like Maria Callas at the Metropolitan!' said urlLink Oscar de la Renta , employing a little good-natured hyperbole to describe Vogue Editor at Large Andr Leon Talley's international stage debut, last week with the Martha Graham Dance Company at City Center in New York. 'All the celebrities and friends were there for him,' de la Renta continued. Indeed, Vera Wang , Ralph and Ricky Lauren , Zac Posen , Anne Bass , Nan Kempner , Mikhail Baryshnikov , and the evenings chairwoman, Kimora Lee Simmons , all poured into the sold-out Midtown theater to witness Talley's dramatic narration of urlLink Edward Lear's poem The Owl and the Pussycat , a role Graham originally created in 1978 for Liza Minnelli ." And I wrote this back on December 3rd, but a lot of the new readers never saw it, so: "Which high powered Conde Nast editor wrote this? "I earned my Masters degree in French literature in the Spring of 1972. My topic was the pivotal role played by all the fabulous, exotic North African women in the world of poet Charles Baudelaire and painter Eugene Delacroix . My thesis was based on the whole sense of importance of Africa to the conception of Orientalism as it influenced art and literature in Nineteenth Century France, a topic in which I have a keen interest. Delacroix's Les Femmes d'Algiers featured prominently, as did Flaubert's Salambo. I truly loved writing my Master's thesis, and although I still yearned for the world of fashion, I moved on to pursuing my doctorate without hesistation." Can you guess who wrote this? One more clue: "You see (Diana) Vreeland loved black culture. She loved the Saturday Morning Dance Show Soul Train ; my grandmother cared nothing for it ... she went hog wild over every manifestation of black style. It all began, I think, with Josephine Baker , who truly was one of the most stylish women to ever walk this planet. Mrs. Vreeland loved to tell the story of watching a movie one night in the balcony of a Paris cinema back in the 30s. She had her elbows on the armrests and was intently watching this film, when all of a sudden, one of the armrests moved. She turned to see what was going on and found out that she had been resting her elbow not on the arm of a seat, but on the head of Josephine Baker's pet cheetah, and that both the magnificent cat and its magnificent owner were now getting up to leave. Mrs. Vreeland watched speechlessly as the cheetah padded in a stately fashion up the aisle of the theater, Josephine Baker walking regally behind, wearing a daring, bias-cut Vionnet dress with no underwear on underneath." If you guessed that this is the wonderful Andre Leon Talley's urlLink ALT , then give yourself a pat on the back. Basta!

 NY Times Sunday: Bushies Worried About Climate Change Film and, Will Frist Close Down Senate? Where's the love Rupert Murdoch ? Although Earth Day was celebrated officially two days ago, and urlLink the Administration was caught flat-footed to Kerry's bad-on-the-environment charge (which is a space Karl Rove doesn't like to be at), and the Bushies have been working overtime to urlLink project a teflon image over the environment. So it comes as no surpise that urlLink Drudge is reporting that the Administration is not happy about Fox's new $125 million enviro-disaster film. It isn't personal, guys, it's business. Drudge writes: "Fed agencies employees (will) not to comment publicly on FOX's new summer fuss-film urlLink THE DAY AFTER TOMORROW , a $125 million disaster movie on 'global warming.' "The flick, which depicts how accumulating smokestack and tailpipe gases sets off an instant ice age, is set to open on May 28. "Few climate experts think such a prospect is likely, the NEW YORK TIMES is planning to report on Sunday, newsroom sources tell the DRUDGE REPORT , but the prospect that moviegoers will be alarmed enough to blame the Bush administration for inattention to climate change has stirred alarm at the space agency. "'No one from NASA is to do interviews or otherwise comment on anything having to do with' the film, said an April 1 message to employees." As if the Bushies are going to get the environmental vote. Not bloody likely, but they do have to trim off the hunters and fishermen and some outdoorsy folks in vital rural states, like Oregon, New Mexico and New Hampshire, where the environment is a point of pride Actually, though, there is a serious story about urlLink conservative hunters and fishermen turning against the corporate centric environmental policy . Remember when we could eat urlLink Tuna and urlLink Swordfish ? Sigh ... urlLink Oliver Beekman in the Guardian wrote presciently, over a year ago, in March 2003: "The US Republican party is changing tactics on the environment, avoiding 'frightening' phrases such as global warming, after a confidential party memo warned that it is the domestic issue on which George Bush is most vulnerable. "The memo, by the leading Republican consultant urlLink Frank Luntz , concedes the party has "lost the environmental communications battle" and urges its politicians to encourage the public in the view that there is no scientific consensus on the dangers of greenhouse gases. "'The scientific debate is closing [against us] but not yet closed. There is still a window of opportunity to challenge the science,' Mr Luntz writes in the memo, obtained by the Environmental Working Group , a Washington-based campaigning organisation. "Voters believe that there is no consensus about global warming within the scientific community. Should the public come to believe that the scientific issues are settled, their views about global warming will change accordingly. "Therefore, you need to continue to make the lack of scientific certainty a primary issue in the debate. "The phrase 'global warming' should be abandoned in favour of 'climate change,' Mr Luntz says, and the party should describe its policies as 'conservationist' instead of 'environmentalist,' because 'most people' think environmentalists are 'extremists' who indulge in 'some pretty bizarre behaviour... that turns off many voters.' "Words such as 'common sense' should be used, with pro-business arguments avoided wherever possible. "The environment, the memo says, 'is probably the single issue on which Republicans in general - and President Bush in particular - are most vulnerable.' "A Republican source, speaking on condition of anonymity, said party strategists agreed with Mr Luntz's conclusion that 'many Americans believe Republicans do not care about the environment.' "The popular image is that they are 'in the pockets of corporate fat cats who rub their hands together and chuckle manically [sic] as they plot to pollute America for fun and profit', Mr Luntz adds. Read the UK Guardian article in full urlLink here . Read Jennifer 8. Lee's NY Times article a year ago on the memo urlLink here . And, if you are interested, urlLink my interview with Dr. Richard A. Muller, a wonderful guy who just happens to be an expert on Ice Ages and global change over milennia. And, in other news, urlLink Robert Novack today reports : " urlLink Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist is being urged by colleagues to threaten to close down the Senate for the rest of the year unless urlLink Senate Democratic Leader Tom Daschle ends his disruptive tactics. "In addition to menacing all judicial nominations, Daschle is now preventing legislation from being sent to Senate-House conferences to resolve differences in bills passed by both Houses unless the outcome is guaranteed. " Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona , chairman of the Senate Republican Policy Committee, and other conservatives want urlLink Frist to counter Daschle by bringing the business of the Senate to a halt. This would mean passing an omnibus appropriations bill and then awaiting the outcome of the elections. Democrats could not offer their pet amendments, but it also would prevent passage of a budget resolution and, therefore, kill any chance of making the Bush tax cuts permanent." As the urlLink NY Times reports today , the partisanship and divisions within the nation are strongly echoed in the halls of congress where, decimatingSenate tradition, urlLink Frist will openly campaign in South Dakota against his counterpart, Daschle, in his back yard . That's cold.

 Smackdown: Dick Morris vs Bill Clinton reprinted from February 11th: From Behind the Oval Office , by Dick Morris p. 64-5: "At about midnight, (then Governor Bill) Clinton joined Hillary, Gloria Cabe , his campaign manager, and me in a cozy breakfst room off the kitchen. My polling (for a 1990 gubernatorial reelection fight) showed that McRae offensive (Bill's ooponent) had dropped Clinton's share vote to a meage 43 percent. Generally, when an incumbent's share of the polls dropped below 50 percent in the polls, it means he is likely to lose ... Clinton's temper got the better of him. Exhausted, worried, and angry, he exploded. 'You got me into this race,' he screamed, 'so you could make some extra money off me. That was the only reason. And now you give me no attention, no attention at all. I'm about to lose this election, this primary, against a nobody' ... Clinton has a terrible temper ... In pain and facing that harsh criticism, I lost my temper too. If he was too hasty in his criticism, I was too sharp in my reply. Storming out of the breakfast room through the kitchen toward the door outside, I rallied, 'Thank you, thank you, thank you. You've just solved my problem. I'm getting shit from Atwater and shit from Lott for working for you, and now I can solve my problem. Go fuck yourself. I'm quitting your goddamn campaign, and now I am a free agent. I can be a fifty state Republican and don't have to take your shit.' "Clinton charged up behind me as I stalked towards the door, grabbed me from behind, and wrapped his arms around me to stop me from leaving. I slipped to the floor. Hillary helped me to my feet. The moment I stood up Clinton became apologetic. 'Don't go, don't go I'm sorry. Don't go, I;m sorry,' he said as I walked out the door, slamming it behind me.. Hillary ran after me to calm me down. She put her arms around my shoulders and walked me around the grounds of the mansion. "Please forgive him," she pleaded. 'He's under so much pressure. He didn't mean it. He's very sorry. He's overtired, he hasn't slept well in days. He's not himself. He values you. He needs you,' she repeated. "I calmed down enough to drive to my hotel, and I called Eileen (his wife) shaking in rage. Later Hillary called to tell me how much Bill wanted me back. Then he came on line to apologize ... I couldn't leave Clinton three weeks before his primary, but from then on I dealt with him in a formal, almost frosty way. I stopped calling him Bill, always adressed him as Governor, and left when our meetings were over rather than hang around and chat."

 Blender's 50 Worst Songs EVER urlLink Blender Magazine has rated the 50 Worst Songs Ever , with the usual suspects making the perp walk into the snark. The NKOTB , Right Said Fred , even Color Me Badd manfully earn their bitchslaps. But rocking in at number one as the worst song ever is Jefferson Airplane's We Built This City on Rock and Roll . C'mon guys, haven't you ever heard urlLink Chumbawumba's Tub Thumping and urlLink Kajagoogoo's Too Shy ? What is your worst song ever ? Weigh in in the comments section or on urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever. (no blog tommorrow. too much work. saturday I'll be back)

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Gerardo . "I'm used to good old fashioned homestyle Spanish cooking/ If I try that I'll be puking." Just so you know, we like Rico Suave , o snarky editors at urlLink Blender Magazine (shakes fist impotently at computer screen) Out : This urlLink Gene Simmons quote in the May 2004 Details Magazine profoundly disturbs me. "If I ever go to jail, I want urlLink Lenny (Kravitz) there with me. He's pretty. He'd be very popular in jail." (shivers) In : urlLink Lindsayism . Our favorite Comedy Central employee posts emails she solicited regarding sex related "high ideas,"or ideas that come to one when one is in an altered, somewhat pharmaceutical state. Here's one: " ... It'd be cool if there was a pill you could take before sex that would allow you to read your partner's thoughts. Of course, it would ruin the mood when you realize that I'm doing a mental panel-by-panel reconstruction of the Spider-Man series, urlLink 'Return of The Sinister Six .' And by the way, after while we're cuddling and you're plotting out the trajectory of our hypothetical romance (2.5 kids, vacations at urlLink the Cape , Christmas with your parents, his & hers matching gravestones), I'm working on the follow-up, 'Revenge of the Sinister Six.'" Out : As previously mentioned, or at least hinted at, urlLink Blender Magazine has listed the 50 Worst Songs Ever. Rocking in at number one is Jefferson Starship's "We Built This City on Rock and Roll." In : Chesty UK model urlLink Jordan , famous for being famous, has excepts from her new bio Being Jordan in urlLink OK! Magazine , reports urlLink Ananova . Here's a sample: "Jordan said: 'I didn't feel starstruck by Victoria but I must admit to feeling a bit of a thrill around David. He is so good-looking, has such a fit body and is so nice with it. "One night in July, after Dane and Victoria had performed their single at Party in the Park , the four of us went clubbing to Twice as Nice so Victoria could look credible on the R 'n' B scene. " urlLink Dane was DJing and I was standing with the famous couple. Suddenly I felt someone take my hand and squeeze it gently as it to reassure me that I shouldn't be overawed by all the hype. "It was David. I looked at him in surprise and he was looking right back at me. Imagine how you would feel if David Beckham held your hand! "Victoria was standing right next to him, so I thought I'd better keep my mouth shut. She is so incredibly possessive that if women so much as say they fancy David she goes mad. "I would have given anything for her to disappear at that moment and leave me alone with one of the world's sexiest men. "But I guess I'll never really know what David was thinking. Maybe he was showing that he understood what it was like to be caught up in Dane and Victoria's desperate bid to get to number one ..." Out : urlLink Jude Law's ex Sadie Frost . The woman is frosty. Has anyone ever seen a picture of urlLink this woman smiling? Apparently, she was recently observed banging on Jude Law's door demanding to speak to him, according to urlLink The Mirror : " ... We hear it was the mother of all bust-ups between the former darlings of the Britpack scene. "Apparently, Sadie - who lives just round the corner - turned up very late at night with her current squeeze, Jackson Scott , in tow. "The 37-year-old mother-of-four started banging on the door demanding Jude let her in, saying there were, 'Things she needed to discuss with him.' "But 31-year-old Jude was having none of it. The furious Cold Mountain star refused to let his ex-missus in because she was in such a 'state,' which made Sadie even more angry." Damn ... we can relate to Jude all of a sudden. Don't you feel human compassion for this man? Having his shit all out in public like this. Evil bloggers like me all up in his business. Scandalous. "Our spy reveals: 'It was one of the ugliest arguments they've had for ages. "'Sadie feels very embarrassed by the whole thing, but as far as she is concerned it wouldn't have ever happened if Jude had let her in. "'She was screaming and shouting at him and even Jackson was chipping in.'" Damn. Even Jackson had to speak his mind: "Sadie hates the fact that she was washing her dirty laundry in public. She was well aware of the curtains twitching - at one point she even thought someone had started taking pictures of the confrontation. If they do exist she's desperate for them not to come out." Hey, Sadie, if you hate it so much, pop a prozac and stop doing what you're doing. There. I said out loud what we all were thinking. In : Jennifer Garner . We predicted the ascent of the anti-Christ about a month ago. Should 13 Going on 30 hit number one at the box office this weekend, then the rise to power will be complete: Jennifer Garner will overtake Julia Roberts as the Hollywood "It" Girl. And that significant cultural artifact urlLink The Star Magazine has a nifty little item regarding that: "With the buzz surrounding the release of her new romantic comedy urlLink 13 Going On 30 , urlLink Jennifer Garner , 32, is Tinseltown's new 'It' girl. Her hilarious turn as a young teen who wakes up to find herself in her 30s has Hollywood calling her the next Julia Roberts . But sources say one person doesn't appreciate the comparison: Julia herself. "'When reviews started coming in for Jennifer's movie, people were saying she was the new Pretty Woman, and Julia wasn't happy about it,' says a source close to Roberts." The Corsair whispers, " ... catfight ... catfight ..." " ... Garner's career is hot. Not only is she filming more Alias episodes, but she's gearing up for her star turn in Elektra, the spin-off of the successful Daredevil movie, which grossed over $100 million. Her other films, Catch Me If You Can and Pearl Harbor, fared equally well. "Julia's recent roles haven't been noteworthy. Reports indicate that Mona Lisa Smile made only $63 million in the US (though Roberts took home $25 million for her salary). Her other recent films, Confessions of a Dangerous Mind and Full Frontal barely made a blip on the radar. "Days before Mona Lisa Smile was released, Roberts told a crowd of journalists, 'Because I've had lots of great career opportunities and I've built on them over a long period of time, the kind of attention I give to my career can be very sporadic. And of my choosing.'" Love Jennifer Garner or hate her (and The Corsair loves her dimpled sweetness), she is hungry for the heights of fame. I have never seen a celebrity stake out the top spot like she did, prowling around it, staring at the perch with haunted eyes, urlLink the CIA site , the urlLink courting of the geeks at the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Science Scientific and Technical Awards, Alias, Electra, now urlLink this . Damn, she's hungrier than Tom Cruise on his way up. Out : Senator Arlen Spector . Everyone hates this fucker. urlLink Conservatives, because he is mild . God, how urlLink conservatives hate Spector , it is an urlLink awesome sight . Liberals hate him because urlLink he is one mean motherfucker, screaming at his twentysomething aides. According to urlLink the Hill's Peter Savodnik and Geoff Earle : "Conservative activists backing urlLink Rep. Pat Toomeys Senate bid are voicing doubts that the congressman has enough money or shock troops to counter the statewide, multimedia campaign being waged by Sen. Arlen Specter in Pennsylvanias Republican primary. "While a recent Quinnipiac University poll put Toomey within five points of Specter marking a significant tightening of the race the activists said the conservative House member from Allentown needs to do a better job mobilizing his base." So, Specter wins, but in the end, he loses.

 David Gave the Seed In the May 2004 urlLink Interview Magazine , urlLink JT Leroy comes to the window of urlLink Melissa Etheridge . JT Leroy : Do your kids know that urlLink David Crosby is their biological father? Melissa Etheridge : Yeah, they do. He's never been any kind of parent to my kids -- they see him maybe once or twice a year. But they know that it was David who gave the seed that allowed them to be born; that is all. It was a gift from him and his wife. Hmmm. And what a meaningful gift. Bummer, though, to be a 5 year old and a 7 year old finding out that that urlLink David Crosby gave the seed that allowed you to be born. Imagine how "the talk" played itself out: Melissa : Kids, do you know that your biological father was a famous musician? urlLink Bailey : Is it Sting , Mama, he's so socially conscious. Beckett : Is it Billy Joel , Mama, he's such a dreamer. Melissa : Uh, no ... it's ... Beckett : Is it Mick Jagger , Mama? he's like a force of nature. Bailey : Is it Elton John , Mama? He's so romantic. Melissa : Uhm, did I say famous? I meant, sorta famous. (uncomfortable silence) Bailey : Well, Jackson Brown would be okay, I suppose. Is it him Mama? Beckett : Phil Collins wouldn't be too much of a let down. Say it's him, Mama; you're scaring us. Melissa : (fake smile) no, kids, urlLink David Crosby ! (uncomfortable silence) Bailey : Mama's making a funny. Beckett : Oh, ha-ha-ha, Mama, ha-ha, you're so funny. Melissa: No, kids, (seriously) David gave the seed that allowed you to be born. (kids turn to one another) Together : EEeeeeewwwww

 Lauren Bush: The UN Feeds You Well Morgan Goldberg interviews the hot 19 year old Presidential neice urlLink Lauren Bush today for urlLink Fashionweekdaily , and comes up with this little chestnut: " Goldberg : What did you eat today? " Bush : I had an egg whites scrambled with cheese for breakfast. And for lunch I ate the buffet here at the UN : greens, shrimp salad, grilled vegetables, a roll and dessert. The chocolate cake was amazing. The UN feeds you well." Of course, one would not expect a mannequin like urlLink Lauren to be up on geopolitical affairs, but, in fact, quite ironically, the UN does not feed anyone urlLink well . Seriously, people, we need to get rid of Kofi Annan as Secreatary General, and appoint a former US President in his place.

 Vice President Powell? Call it a hunch, but when Richard Johnson of the New York Post's Page Six gets a Republican insider to speak on the Administration, one gets the impression, however veiled, that he or she is someone of note saying something noteworthy . That's why when, at the end of their lead story, urlLink Colin Stands Tall With Dubya , there was an intimation of something quite mindblowing, our scoop detectors were up: "The insider also denied the rumor that Powell would be replaced before the fall election. 'Why would the administration get rid of Powell? He is the only person there who has an 80 percent approval rating, and only person giving [Bush] good advice. "'Right now, Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld are being blamed for the mess we are in in Iraq, but swing voters love Colin Powell.' "There is even talk of Powell replacing Cheney as vice president. Not that urlLink Cheney, who has a bad heart, would go easily . Cheney, determined to keep fit, even brought an exercycle on his recent trip to Asia. "'It was this ancient thing, like from the '60s, and he had people lugging it on and off planes wherever he went. It was hilarious.'" How interesting . The insider, whom I believe is a player in the Administration, is ridiculing Dick Cheney's attempts at projecting manly vitality. Clearly, although Bush has made gains in recent tracking polls, urlLink 57 percent believe that the country is "on the wrong track ," which is, in no small part, thanks to Cheney. Cheney is increasingly regarded as a liability. And the politically sagacious Dick Morris actually has a negative take in urlLink his latest column out today in the Post : "Both of the polling organizations that track the presidential race in daily surveys have concluded that the contest has settled into a stalemate. urlLink Scott Rasmussen reports that for eight of the last nine days, President Bush has gotten 45 to 46 percent of the vote, while Sen. John Kerry ranged from 44 to 46 percent. urlLink John Zogby shows Kerry ahead by three and reports little movement either way. "This 'tie' is terrible news for the Bush camp." Kerry went out of his way this past Sunday not only to refer to Woodward's book, but to quote Colin Powell, making him an issue in the campaign. The conservative urlLink Wall Street Journal goes so far as to say that Powell could ostensibly help Kerry in the election. And so, what better way to neutralize Powell as an issue than to coopt him, to make him a part of the ticket. Of course, it doesn't hurt that Powell has helped defang the urlLink devastating 60 Minutes portrait by allying himself squarely with the Bushies, as urlLink The Washington Post's Dan Morgan writes : " Secretary of State Colin L. Powell , responding to a new book about the Bush administration's decision to go to war in Iraq, said yesterday he was closely involved with planning for the attack and had been as 'committed as anyone else' to toppling the government of Saddam Hussein . "The book, urlLink 'Plan of Attack' by Bob Woodward , describes Powell as an opponent of the war strategy pushed by Vice President Cheney, and recounts that the Saudi ambassador, Prince Bandar bin Sultan , learned of the decision to go to war before Powell. But Powell said he was committed from the start to President Bush's war plan if diplomacy failed and that he was well informed about Bush's strategy. "'My support was willing and it was complete, no matter how others might try to impose their policy wishes on my body,' Powell said in an interview with the Associated Press." There are no African Americans in the United States Senate, despite the fact that the Democratic Party continues to garner upwards of 90 percent of the black vote (an astonishing 95 percent in the 2000 election). So far as I know, there is only urlLink one low priority Democrat running for the Senate in Illinois . There are no ther plans to recruit another. The Democratic Party ( allegedly pro African American) has never nominated an African American on the Presidential ticket. And, of course, Colin Powell has approval ratings above 80 percent. A Powell Vice Presidency could put the African American vote into play for Republicans in a way never before witnessed. And that would be very, very bad for the Democratic Party. Then again, the Democrats have taken the African American vote for granted for so many years. I have labored under the opinion that Dick Cheney will pull out due to "health problems" in early spring, or as the urlLink CIA leak - Valerie Plame hearings get thick -- whichever comes first -- and that the Republican Party will unveil urlLink Sir Rudy Giuliani as Dubya's running mate at the New York Convention, maximizing momentum, the big Mo. Bush already has Wyoming and the defense hawk oil magnate vote locked, Dick Cheney is essentially unuseful to the reelection, except, perhaps as an advisor. But Powell is far more formidable with swing voters, while Dubya cements the true believers. We live in interesting times. ( ed note : because of work i won't be posting tommorrow, but I'll be back on Thursday)

 Doonesbury's DB Will Lose Leg in Iraq urlLink The AP reports : "A main character in the urlLink Doonesbury comic strip will lose a leg while fighting in Iraq, one of two strips published this week that feature soldiers getting injured in the war. "In Monday's urlLink Doonesbury, B.D., a football coach-turned-soldier, was injured after being reactivated in the Army at the end of 2002, following a losing football season. "Later this week, he will wake up to find his left leg amputated, according to Universal Press Syndicate, the strip's distributor. "Doonesbury creator urlLink Garry Trudeau said he wanted to illustrate the sacrifices American soldiers are making. "'It's a task any writer should approach with great humility, but I think it's worth doing,' Trudeau said. 'We are at war, and we can't lose sight of the hardships war inflicts on individual lives." "Trudeau said B.D. would learn to deal with his injury 'probably the same way so many wounded vets seem to - with gratitude for having had one's life spared, empathy and respect for those who have suffered worse, and a grim sense of humor indispensable to fending off despair.'" Hey, Gary (and, while we are on the subject, urlLink Aaron McGruder as well). Aren't newspaper strips supposed to be funny? Other make believe cartoon characters slated for untimely incidents: urlLink Charlie Brown loses his combover after an aggressive chemotherapy treatment for a urlLink brain tumor . urlLink Marmaduke will endure urlLink stones in his urinary tract . urlLink Garfield will contract urlLink feline AIDS urlLink Dilbert gets a painful case of urlLink carpal tunnel syndrome . urlLink Andy Capp gets urlLink cirrhosis of the liver . urlLink Apartment 3G burns down. urlLink Mary Worth gets diagnosed with urlLink diabetes . urlLink Brenda Starr reporter is captured by urlLink Al Quaeda . urlLink Dagwood becomes urlLink obese . and, in positive news: urlLink Lil Orphan Annie gets a successful urlLink eye transplant .

 Jesus Juice, Naked Mannequins, The Simpsons and Jacko urlLink ABC News is reporting that they have seen Santa Barbara reports that outline the allegations the alleged victim and his brother made to a psychologist: "The psychologist, Stan Katz, interviewed the alleged victim and his younger brother at the request of the family's lawyer. According to the report, the boy's brother told Katz that not only did Jackson serve the boys alcohol, but on at least two occasions, Jackson's alleged victim passed out, ABCNEWS has learned. "The report says the alleged victim's younger brother told Katz he saw Jackson touch his brother a 12-year-old cancer patient inappropriately when he was passed out. "Jackson was charged in December with seven counts of committing lewd or lascivious acts upon a child and two counts of administering an intoxicating agent to the child. "The police report states that when the psychologist asked the alleged victim if Jackson engaged in sexual activity in front of him, the alleged victim started crying and wouldn't answer. The boy's younger brother was the only one who described the alleged touching. "'Because the alleged victim's younger brother was only 9 years old at the time, his age could pose a problem for the prosecution.'" The story on urlLink ABC News continues : "Katz also told Santa Barbara police that the boys told him, 'Jackson once stood in front of them naked for a moment, as they were watching TV.' "According to the report, the alleged victim also told Katz that Jackson gave him a laptop computer and surfed the Internet with him for pictures of naked women. And, according to the boy, Jackson said if anyone should ask what they were doing he should say they were watching The Simpsons . "The younger brother also alleges that Jackson played with a mannequin of an 8- or 9-year-old girl in a sexually suggestive manner in front of the boys."

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Pink is having a strapping good time in the Old World suing Austria's OVP Conservative Party , I shit you not. According to urlLink Tampa radio station 93.3's website : "Bosses at Pink's record label are suing urlLink Austria's conservative party OVP for using the pop punk's name to boost support. "The political organization infuriated BMG chiefs when they printed the 'Just Like a Pill' star's name on flyers promoting candidate urlLink Benita Ferrero-Waldner's election campaign, following her sold-out show in Vienna on April 4. "According to her label the party broke 'more than one right of the artist. It was a misuse of an artist's name for a political campaign without the written consent of the artist.' "It's not even clear if the artist approves or even shares the political view of that party." Don't urlLink get the Party started! Out : Ultraskanky Girls Gone Wild founder Joseph Francis is urlLink suing the woman who accused him of rape last month for $25 million, as TheSmokinggun reports . Adding insult to skankery, he is even suing urlLink the accuser to get back money for the post coital repast he bought her: "Claiming that he would not 'sit back and be called a rapist,' Francis filed the below Florida Circuit Court lawsuit against the 21-year-woman and a friend who accompanied her to Francis's Ritz Carlton suite after a night of South Beach partying. Francis, 31, contends that he engaged in consensual sex with the woman--identified as Amy Doe in urlLink his complaint -- and even had lunch with the alleged victim and her pal the following day. Along with the $25 million, Francis is also seeking to be reimbursed the $36 he shelled out for the medium rare burgers the women ordered from room service." And, (altogether now) a skankety skank skank! In : urlLink Heeb Magazine . A very clever "downtown" magazine for people who love Jews. "a Jewish social-entrepreneurship venture fund ( Steve Spielberg and Charles Bronfman ) support happily gave Heeb $60,000 to get started," writes Jesse Oxfeld of Medibistro. urlLink Medibistro interviewed their new editor Josh Neuman : " Mediabistro: Your background is not as a business guy. You have a master's from the Harvard Divinity School. " Josh : I think it's impacted my experience. I think there is a line to be drawn. I'm aware this is commerce. I've always loved magazines, but I never mistook my magazine for Hegel or Kierkegaard or Marcus Aurelius. What interests me about magazines is the intersection of ideas and commerce, the way our magazine performs something subversive in the marketplace. Watching people experience Heeb at the newsstand, it's this triangular experience. They look at the image, then they look at the word Heeb, and then there's just this private moment. And that private moment is precious because it's not an, 'Oooh, that's cool,' and it's not an, 'Ugh, that's awful.' It's something like, 'What the hell is that? Could this really be here, could this be happening?' So that's really of interest to me. "It's not my background. I thought I was going to be a philosophy professor, and I taught for five years at NYU. But marketing is very philosophical to me." Whatever . I'm a real fan of this this magazine. Especially the pictures of full-figured bohemian Jewish women. Where else can I get my Semitic princess fetish on? I'm old school like that. Out : urlLink Tom Brokaw . The popular if asthmatic sounding urlLink Brokaw is handing over the reins of The Wise Man seat to fellow Aryan urlLink Brian Williams . Somewhere, urlLink Geraldo Rivera is breaking things and bemoaning the fact that people who write memoirs about their sexual escapades with urlLink Bette Midler and urlLink the wife of a sitting Canadian Prime Minister don't get anchor jobs on network tv. Neither do ethnics, but that's another story. In : Will Jennifer Garner rule the universe? I tried to warn you people, but now it's too late. I have no longer the energy to fight the inevitable. I have fallen under the spell of The Garner . Resistance was futile. urlLink Jennifer Garner is everywhere these days. Her new movie urlLink 13 Going on 30 is about to be released. urlLink She's got a recruitment page on the CIA website . She's got that cult hit on network tv, urlLink Alias . And both The Rock and Billy Bob Thronton have mentioned in interviews how hott they think she is. Finally, she has geek cred: urlLink Garner presented the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences' Scientific and Technical Awards. She thinks like a geek but looks like a goddess. She collects urlLink old Moon Knight comic books , but looks like urlLink she stepped off the runway at lunch . Resistance was futile from the beginning: she had me at "hello." Jenny ... call me? Is Jennifer Garner destined to take over the universe? VH1's Best Week Ever urlLink link . Out : Bacon fat. Bruce Willis tells that urlLink significant cultural artifact Star Magazine a little bit more than we need to know about his artery hardening culinary habits: " Star : Do you cook? If so, what dish can you whip up? " Bruce Willis : Sometimes. I make lasagna. I make chicken cacciatore. Actually, my chicken cacciatore would make you cry. It's so good that you'd take your clothes off and stop what you're doing right now. I throw bacon fat in the sauce. It's very good." (all together now) EEEEEeeeeeeeewwwwww. The Corsair doesn't eat swine. The Corsair abstains to partake of things with snout, much less their excess. In : Lowculure . Do you remember Communique Magazine from the beloved defunct series urlLink Central Park West ? If you do, you'll love the fake magazine titles urlLink at Lowculture today . And, Out : Well, out May 5th at the urlLink Tribeca Film Festival (yes, guys, it's that time of year again; we heart urlLink Jane Rosenthal ) is the documentary Point and Shoot . urlLink Fashionweekdaily writes : "'Point and Shoot', Shawn Regutos reality-based film about the fashion industry, isnt your typical high-gloss fashion movie la urlLink Pret Porter . Premiering May 5th at the Tribeca Film Festival, the film is a gritty, behind-the-scenes expos on fashion scenesters, warts and all (models have warts?). "For his first feature-length film, Reguto, 29, took real-life footage he shot over the past two years and edited it into a 90-minute narrative that follows him, his girlfriend Athena , and their crew of hipster friends clubbing, partying and sometimes even working. The Tribeca native began compiling footage in 2002 when he met Athena, a model for Yves Saint Laurent and Levis . The film follows their relationship and the challenges that face them as a couple living in this unstructured atmosphere ( ed note to self : buy digital camera, attend fashion show, and hit on gorgeous models by telling them you want to make an 'independent film' about them). 'She loved me filming her,' Reguto said. 'It was a part of our relationship. A lot of photographers have a muse girlfriend and shes my muse.' But when asked about the current state of their relationship, Reguto was vague ( ed note : The Corsair softly chuckles) . Like most reality romances, it seems this one fizzled when the cameras shut off. Fortunately for Reguto, he still has his friends who also appear in the film. Alex Burns , a model/actor who will appear in Zach Braffs upcoming film 'Garden State', says working with his friend of fifteen years was 'a real pleasure, surprisingly.' The film also includes Betsey Johnson , Carmen Kass , Mini Anden and Patrick McMullan (whos also listed as an associate producer). "'Most fashion movies shoot [this world] two dimensionally and theres this lack of respect for the people in it,' Reguto told urlLink The Daily Monday afternoon. 'Just because youre dealing with a superficial world doesnt mean the people in it arent real and dont have problems Its not exposing anything that people dont already know or havent heard stories about,' he says. 'There is darkness there and Ive been apart of it, unfortunately.' ( ed note : fashion movies shoot two dimensionality because the industry is two dimensional, frankly, Shawn, and I mean that in the most elegant and glamorous way) On the glorious two dimensionality of the Fashion Industry, I'll leave you with this quote, also from urlLink Fashionweekdaily , in answer to the fundamental ground-of-being philosophical question 'Who is your style icon': urlLink Clio Manuelian , Ferragamo : urlLink Ghandi I like his message, hes man-orexic and weve got great kaftans for spring. I rest my case.

 Vivika Still Misses Fitty urlLink Ananova reports on urlLink Vivika Fox : "Fox, 39, told urlLink German magazine Maxim she still had a soft spot in her heart for her ex. "'He still means a lot to me and I miss him very much,' she said. "'He talked a lot about me and said a few unkind things about me,' said Vivica. 'But that's okay.' "When asked whether she liked urlLink 50 Cent's music, she replied: 'Oh yes. It's great. Really hot. Hey, he's the one who ended the relationship.' "The actress is a lot less forgiving, however, when it comes to personal security, and says she's prepared to use her gun on anyone who tries to get on her property. "'I've got a 38 revolver for security. I'll blow the arse off anyone who tries to enter my house,' she said." urlLink Wunderbar . But somehow Vivika doesn't seem like the type of crazy armed chick who uses the word "arse." It's just not gangsta. urlLink She's like the wind .

 Condoleeza Rice's Freudian Slip urlLink According to New York Metro , the usually tight-lipped urlLink National Security Advisor, Dr. Condoleeza Rice , let out something of a rather embarassing urlLink Freudian slip : "A pressing issue of dinner-party etiquette is vexing Washington, according to a story now making the D.C. rounds: How should you react when your guest, in this case national-security adviser Condoleezza Rice , makes a poignant faux pas? At a recent dinner party hosted by New York Times D.C. bureau chief Philip Taubman and his wife, Times reporter Felicity Barringer , and attended by Arthur Sulzberger Jr ., Maureen Dowd , Steven Weisman , and Elisabeth Bumiller , Rice was reportedly overheard saying, 'As I was telling my husb?' and then stopping herself abruptly, before saying, 'As I was telling President Bush .' Jaws dropped, but a guest says the slip by the unmarried politician, who spends weekends with the president and his wife, seemed more psychologically telling than incriminating. Nobody thinks Bush and Rice are actually an item. A National Security Council spokesman laughed and said, 'No comment.'" As something of a creature of etiquitte myself, here are my suggestions to proper Washingtonians on how to handle another inevitable "Condi Slip": Should the future MPAA Prexy refer to urlLink Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia as "my Wild Scallion," kindly inform anyone within hearing range, that yes, indeed, urlLink scallion dip would go well with the crudites . Should the National Security Advisor refer to Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld as " urlLink my jump off ," simply chuckle softly, as if a funny were made, then, lightly, change the conversation. Should Condoleeza refer to urlLink Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist as, "Dr. Love ..", steer the conversation over to the recent health care bill. If she refers to him as " urlLink my Tennessee Stud ," run don't walk from the vicinity. Should Condi refer to Att urlLink orney General John Ashcroft as, "my boo," briskly grab an appetizer, take a bite and remark to all those in the periphery, "Yes, Condi, they are good." Should the National Security Advisor make any manner of "Condi Slip" regarding the name " urlLink DeLay ," make way, post haste . There are some linguistic excesses that modern etiquitte are powerless to gloss over.

 Keifer Sutherland "Heartbreaking" Drunk? That significant cultural artifact urlLink The National Enquirer reports that the man who would be urlLink Mr. Julia Roberts -- but wasn't (a stripper named Raven in Vancouver, don't ask)-- Kiefer Sutherland spends lots of time knocking down scotch. At all hours. Not urlLink 24 Hours , but: "'Kiefer's been a big drinker but now he's pounding down the alcohol morning, noon and night,' an insider (told urlLink The Enquirer )" "Kiefer Sutherland, star of TV's 24 ... was caught knocking back Scotch at a Hollywood gay bar at 9 o'clock in the morning! "And another source said: "Kiefer is well-known at dives in the scary Hollywood area where he lives. "It's not unusual to see him downing glass after glass of J&B Scotch at one of these places any night of the week. "And when they close at 2 a.m., then it's on to the after hours clubs." "The ENQUIRER reported in March that the 37-year-old star got a gash on his head in a bar fight. "And now The ENQUIRER has learned exclusively that on the morning of April 3, Kiefer was drinking at the urlLink Spot Light ." The Corsair cannot fail to note that LA.com describes The Spotlight thusly,: "If you ever wondered where all the freaky trannies went during Hollywood's gentrification, this is the answer. "The Spotlight is a dive and proud of it. This is where the flavorful underbelly of Hollywood gay life washes up. It's clear that most of the patrons have 'history'--we don;t ask and don't tell--but who knew the place had history, too? It's the city's second oldest gay bar (the oldest is the Friendship in Santa Monica), open since 1963." It should be noted that it opens really early, which may or may not be factored into your conclusions. urlLink The Enquirer continues : "'Kiefer was falling-down drunk,' said an eyewitness. "He wasn't surly or anything -- just the opposite, he seemed very happy and was obviously feeling no pain. "There was a movie shooting across the street when Kiefer came out of the Spot Light for a cigarette. Several of the crew members on the shoot recognized him and came over to have their photos taken with him. "He was very obliging to everyone, including the female security guard on the movie and one young mom who came over with her toddler in a stroller to get his autograph. "But Kiefer reeked of alcohol and was unsteady on his feet. "Finally he excused himself, saying he had to go back into the bar to sit down. 'It was so sad seeing him that way.' And it goes on: "A staffer at the Spot Light who was on duty that morning told The ENQUIRER: 'Kiefer started drinking at 9 o'clock in the morning with some buddies and didn't stop till after 1:30 p.m. "'At one point, he was so hammered that he fell off his barstool and landed on the floor. But he just laughed it off. "'He was drinking Scotch and his associates actually had to prop him up! "'Some girl pulled down her pants and showed her butt to him and he said in slurring speech, I'll show you something. Italics mine : "'Then he pulled down his pants and exposed his butt to her and everyone else in the bar!' "The eyewitness added: 'When Kiefer stumbled out of the bar, there were a bunch of cops hanging around the film shoot across the street. He laughed and said, Don't mind me, officers -- and just staggered away. "'It was funny and heartbreaking at the same time.'" The story is reported by Michael Glynn and Rick Egusquiza of urlLink National Enquirer . Get it wireless urlLink here .

 Eminem is not a Stud Eminem is bad in bed, according to a report on urlLink Ananova , via the urlLink Daily Mirror : " Kesia Alvarez says she taught him a lot and added he was almost like a 'little virgin boy' when they got together. "She said: 'I was surprised. He raps about having this bitch and screwing that one, but he didn't know how to excite a woman. "'He was like a little virgin boy when I met him and he was 26 at the time. A lot of the stuff he raps about is bull****.' "The pair met when he was signing autographs in Miami Beach, Florida, in March 1999. Alvarez said she didn't know his music at the time, but she asked him for his autograph anyway, says the urlLink Daily Mirror ." The story goes on to say that the 30 year old Brazillian, who "dated" Eminem for 16 months was introduced by Eminem to rapper Dr. Dre as his "wife." " '... He has a very tiny thing, nothing to tell your girlfriends about, and when we were together he sometimes suffered from premature ejaculation,' said Alvarez. "... She said in July 2000 she had a pregnancy scare and Eminem had refused to discuss it. 'We had a row and that was the last time I saw him. Luckily my pregnancy was a false alarm.'"

 A Little of The Old In and Out In : urlLink Wonkette . The Corsair loves it any time a blogger gets into the Old Gray Lady's prim and proper pages, so let's share the love. Julie Bosman writes: "At times, urlLink Wonkette reads like urlLink Gawker featuring urlLink George Stephanopoulos instead of urlLink Anna Wintour . Ms. Cox borrows heavily from the features that made Gawker popular (Gawker Stalker, the celebrity sightings roundup, became Wonk'd on Wonkette.) She subscribes to a decidedly Gawkeresque philosophy: try to be accurate, but more importantly, be funny." And funny she is. Congrats, Wonkette. Out : McDonalds. urlLink Shares are down as of blog time 2.77% at the news of the death of urlLink the CEO at the tender age of 60 from a heart attack . urlLink All he wanted was Chicken McNuggets (link not safe for work!)! I'm trying to fit in a urlLink Morgan Spurlock joke here, something about 30 Days and liver damage and karmic repercussions, but it would be tasteless. Like the urlLink Big Mac . Out : urlLink Kimora Liar Simmons . Okay, let's get beyond the turkey neck. Let's glide over the offensive millionaire materialism (The Corsair --sniff,sniff--is a thousandaire). urlLink The Page Sixers have got her goose! Kimora, apparently, told WWD that she won an auction at the Martha Graham Dance Company gala. She didn't: "DESPITE what she told urlLink Women's Wear Daily , urlLink Kimora Lee Simmons was not the winning bidder at a hot auction at the urlLink Martha Graham Dance Company gala the other night . The diva-licious designer of Baby Phat told the trade paper that she bid $16,000 to have Manolo Blahnik name a shoe after her in his next collection. But Manhattan podiatric surgeon urlLink Dr. Suzanne Levine says she snared the honor after shelling out $20,000. Dr. Levine quipped: 'If Kimora wants the auction prize that badly, I will sell it to her for $30,000 and donate my profit to the Martha Graham Dance Company.'" Kimora wanted it bad. Really bad . According to urlLink this blog , which references the WWD article, "(Kimora) wanted it so much that she asked the manager to keep the bidding sheet from her competitors in the final moments of the auction." Oh, urlLink Kimora . In : On urlLink Chris Matthews on Sunday, pony-boy wanna be Secretary of State urlLink Fareed Zakaria predicted in the "Tell Me Something I Don't Know" segment that Ibrahim al-Jaffari will be the US installed Prime minister of Iraq. urlLink Globalsecurity.org describes him thusly, "Ibrahim al Jafari, spokesman for the Islamic Dawa Party, which was persecuted by Saddam. Born in Karbala, educated in medicine in Mosul. Spent time in the United States and the United Kingdom. Shiite." We'll see how clear Zakaria's crystal ball is. Out : urlLink Geronimo's Bones . If, indeed, the rumors are correct, and Prescott Bush dug up Apache chief Geronimo's bones at Yale, this has got to be braught up in the debate. In : Kofi Annan's "saintly aura." Despite the fact that he is, indeed a fuzzy headed irrelevant factor in world politics, twice in about as many days has Kofi Annan's "saintly aura" been invoked. First by urlLink David Patrick Columbia, who wrote , saw Kofi Annan on Wednesday night at the Waldorf at the Citizens for NYC annual gala. Frances Fitzgerald , the distinguished author and daughter of the late Marietta Tree, presented Mrs. Nane (pronounced Nan) Annan with the Marietta Tree Award for Public Service . There were several other awards given out, but more about that on another day. "Mrs. Annan, who is one of the most beautiful women in New York, like her husband, has a kind of saintliness about her." And then, on urlLink Topic A With Tina Brown , urlLink Johns Hopkins Professor Fouad Ajami , spoke of Anan's "saintly aura." Not a vital, world-historical urlLink Joan of Arc aura , surely. Out : urlLink Chris Rock's HBO comedy special . Am I the only one who thought that the last 45 minutes of marriage jokes were way too bitter and misogynistic? I am ... oh, whatever. In : Yoganistas. Today, urlLink Fashionweekdaily gives us a new word: " Yoganista (/YO-gah-NISTA/) "NY may have its fashionistas (far too many of them, really) but LA has its very own "ista's": the Yoganista. Yoga teacher/writer and all-around groovy chick urlLink Anna Getty coined the new term to describe 'former fashion-obsessed LA girls who are into yoga now - but still wear cute outfits to yoga class.' For daywear, these girls are more likely to go for urlLink Joie , urlLink C& C , and urlLink Nuala over McQueen or Chanel , but they take their yoga outfits seriously?it must look edgy, layered, soft, and of course, flattering. With Madonna as the yoganista fashion icon, how could they not? Look for Anna Getty's new column in Fit Yoga magazine in August." urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever Out : urlLink Dubya is appointing UN Ambassador Negroponte to become the US Ambassador to Iraq . The BBC's Katty Kay refers to the gigantic embassy being built in Baghdad as a hymn to our empire (cue to urlLink Star Wars imperial march )

 (UPDATE MON MAY 4) Page Six Blind Item Guesses urlLink Those crafty Page Sixers write : "WHICH newly single model/actress has a drug problem? Pals say the leggy looker has always dabbled, but now the cocaine habit is spiraling out of control - and the friends are siding with her estranged husband, who is clean and sober . . ." Hmmm . Let me rack my brain on who this possibly could be. Newly single model/actress ... I'm thinking either Cindy Crawford or, quite-possibly-maybe, Rebecca Romijn Stamos ? Hmmmm. Who would be the stronger of the two? And the second: "WHICH pop star has a sex tape about to surface, a la Paris Hilton ? The tape, shot by her own brother, shows her fooling around with a woman and doing cocaine and crystal meth between sex acts." I haven't the faintest idea, but I'm sure in about a week or so we all will know, thanks to Page Six . I posted the story on urlLink theWendyExperience Board and people think that it is either Britney (older brother urlLink Brian Spears ) or XTina (younger brother Michael Aguilera ) or Avril Lavigne (brother is Matt Lavigne ). Actually, I haven't the faintest idea about either of them. urlLink I'm just continuing the conversation that the Page Sixers started, as any good media-centric blog is wont to do . urlLink That PageSix.com ... man, it's like electronic crack it's so addictive. urlLink They must mix some high grade lactose in the Page Six recipe. And, for those of you who need more of the electronic crack, urlLink on Monday, May 4th, this blind item by those crafty Sixers : "WHICH talk show host has a problem with a sexy segment producer? She's telling friends how he tried to slide his hand up her skirt during a private meeting." I don't know who this is, but I am goddamned sure that urlLink it aint Ricki Lake .

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Desire as opposed to need , baby pop -- that's how we drop . Does that sound too trippy ? urlLink Is The Corsair being a tad too Schopenhauresque in formulations ? Let me do the remix, my little soupbones: urlLink Fashionweekdaily , overheard at French Kiss, a night of dinner, dancing and gambling to benefit Memorial Sloan-Ketterings cancer center at The Mandarin Oriental Hotels Grand Ballroom, on bidding on the silent auction items, Need is so ten years ago; its all about desire now. Out : Naomi Campbell gets the big Italian boot ( ka-pow!) from Valentino ("don't let tha door hit ya , where the good lord done split ya"), urlLink reports JJ Martin of Fashionweekdaily : "Campbell, whose level of celebrity here in Italy rivals the urlLink Pope , is being replaced by urlLink Gisele 'The Bod' Bndchen . Gisele will be shot today and tomorrow in Vals own backyard, Roma, by Mario Testino for the Fall/Winter 2005 campaign. Valentino hasnt shot in Rome since 1995, when urlLink Arthur Elgort captured Claudia Schiffer looking as irresistible as Fellinis fountain-bathing Anita Eckberg in La Dolce Vita . urlLink Crazy, like Swayze : she's urlLink like the wind (ponders Naomi meaningfully, then goes back to the snarky gossip ). In : urlLink InStyle writer Erica Kennedy , the godmother of Russell Simmons and Kimora Lee's daughter Ming , is the urlLink author of Bling , which, it appears, has already made quite a bit of bling bling and urlLink hoopla among rap royalty -- names changed to protect the not so innocent . urlLink The Page Sixers write : " Vanessa de la Cruz , the 'bitchy faded supermodel,' is trying to open up her own image consultancy firm but doesn't like to do any real work, and is losing modeling gigs because of her bad attitude and age. Insiders giggle the character seems to be loosely based on urlLink Naomi Campbell , who last year started urlLink NC Connect , a publicity and image-relations firm. "Meanwhile, Lena Whittaker , 'the wild, hip-hop-obsessed daughter of a powerful entertainment lawyer,' is a cross between urlLink Lizzie Grubman and urlLink Nicole Richie . At one point, Lena even hits someone with a glass - a la urlLink Richie's fracas at Bungalow 8 two years ago ("say you, say me ..."). "There's even a comic take on Combs' mother("is she too a 'natural blonde'?"), urlLink Janice Combs , via the character of Mama Jackson, a flamboyant older woman who rides on Lamont's coattails." Writers can be so cruel . Present company excepted, surely. (altogether, now, my little soupbones: "... and don't call me Shirley ") Out : XTina cancels US Tour . Scandal ensues. According to urlLink the Sun , via urlLink Ananova, Christina Aguliera cancelled her tour at the last minute. According to urlLink Victoria Newton : "Doctors ordered the star to pull out of a 28-date US tour to avoid permanently wrecking her vocal cords. "The singer said: 'I really look forward to getting back out there and Im using this time to write for my next record. "'Itll make the next time I play live bigger and better because Ill have time to get things right for the next tour.' "Revealing the cancellation to disappointed fans, Christina took a swipe at pop rival BRITNEY SPEARS who has been criticised for miming during her world tour. "She said: 'Ive had vocal strain in the past because I DO sing live.'" Oh-oh, XTina's getting punchy ; someone give her a film cameo, you know: she's beautiful ... no matter what they say. Although urlLink XTina made number 14 in the Rolling Stone Magazine 2004 Rock Rich List , with $27.9 million, and her tour last summer with Justin Timberlake sold out big cities, roughly one year ago Page Six reported that urlLink they were having problems selling tickets . Problems. Hmmm. Then again, words can't bring her down. In : According to urlLink the indispensible Page Six , this is the moment of truth for the Sex and the City movie ( The Corsair plays urlLink The Final Countdown, by 80s hairband Europe ): "Sources say Kim Cattrall is still holding out, demanding pay and airtime equal to that of her nemesis Sarah Jessica Parker , and it's going down to the wire. 'If it doesn't happen this week, it doesn't happen,' said our insider. 'No one can believe Kim would pass this role up - it's not like there are that many offers on her table right now. HBO is desperately trying to convince her to do the movie, but it could go either way right now.'" Nemesis . That sounds hott. Sounds vaguely superheroish. So, why not write a script capturing that nemesis chemistry: Carrie and Samantha catfight . Hey, I'm there . Thousands of trim urbane women in Manolo Blahniks are pulling for Kim or HBO to come around. And The Corsair is right behind them in that imaginary demonstration line, checking out all their assets. Out : Governor Shwartzenegger's Teutonic lack of a sense of humor, what a stereotype he is becoming -- what a bore . Apparently, the Governator is planning on suing an outfit that makes bobbleheaded dolls of him, according to urlLink the Smokinggun : "Arnold Schwarzenegger is threatening to sue an Ohio company that is selling a bobblehead doll featuring the name and likeness of the California governor. In a blistering letter sent yesterday to the Ohio Discount Merchandise company, lawyer Martin Singer contended that Schwarzenegger was entitled to 'substantial damages' for the "unauthorized commercial exploitation" of the Republican pol's image on the $19.99 doll. With the exception of movie promotion, Singer noted that Schwarzenegger does not permit the use of his likeness on commercial products in the United States. Below you'll find a copy of Singer's letter. The Schwarzenegger doll, which went on sale about a month ago, is one of several bobbleheads featuring politicians that the Ohio firm sells ( John Kerry , Wesley Clark , and Howard Dean also retail for $19.99, while George W. Bush would only set you back $14.95). The bobblehead company contends that since Schwarzenegger is now an elected official, his image is public domain." Please Arnold : let's just chalk this whole unseemly episode up to urlLink the 'roid rage (how sinister does that sound?) -- you know and I know, big guy, that you must have know that you've got a boatload of hormones from the animal kingdom in you that you shouldn't have in you, dude , I'm talking about the wild horses, and what not, guy. The 80s were a different time; man to man, I know you did what you had to do -- it's bodybuilding, extreme stuff, hey, I'm socially liberal about that stuff. Anyhoo : Fuck if I know, dude, but I'm not even fucking technically sure at this point that you can even be classified as human anymore , you know what I mean? -- just -- just withdraw from these legal procedings slowly and blame it on your unnatural equine tendencies, no one will think the less of you. Let me take a flying leap into the unknown on this and predict that Arnold loses the case. Badly . In fact, his pressing of the point makes him look a tad fascist about the press. Perhaps some enterprising reporters as a result urlLink probe his dodgy deal "editing" Muscle and Fitness magazines while governing Cal--ee--for--nee--ahhhh . He is embarrassed at his inability to look humorously at himself. Just a guess, mind you, just a guess. In : Naomi Watts is single. According to the urlLink San Fransisco Gate, via the Daily Star : "Hollywood beauty Naomi Watts has dumped her toyboy boyfriend Heath Ledger -- because he's 'so immature,' reports a British newspaper. The '21 Grams' actress, 35, is fed up with being left embarrassed by 25-year-old Ledger's conversational skills and has decided to branch out on her own. "According to the Daily Star, Watts said, 'He doesn't want to get married and have kids. "'He is immature and unruly. He's always out clubbing with his friends. "'He's so immature that it makes me look stupid for being with him.' Naomi, I understand where you're going with this, he is a monosyllabic dummy, but he's 25. At 25 I sure as fuck know all I wanted to do was club and party and drink and make money. urlLink But I'm drinking milk ... so, Naomi ... call me? Out : The rogue punk ass British troops who tortured the nameless, faceless Iraqi, who may or may not be even alive. urlLink Paul Byrne of the UK Mirror writes (ed: note pictures accompanying the story are intensely graphic): "A HOODED Iraqi captive is beaten by British soldiers before being thrown from a moving truck and left to die. "The prisoner, aged 18-20, begged for mercy as he was battered with rifle butts and batons in the head and groin, was kicked, stamped and urinated on, and had a gun barrel forced into his mouth. "After an EIGHT-HOUR ordeal, he was left barely conscious and close to death. Bleeding and vomiting and with a broken jaw and missing teeth, he was driven from a Basra camp and hurled off the truck. No one knows if he lived or died." Accompanying the story is an Iraqi man, face covered with a paper bag, bleeding from the jaw, and urinated on by British soldiers. urlLink UK Mirror writes : " ... Chief of the General Staff General Sir Michael Jackson said: 'If this is proven, the perpetrators are not fit to wear the Queen's uniform. They have besmirched the good name of the Army and its honour.' "No 10 said: 'The Prime Minister fully endorses the general's statement.'" In : urlLink From Flab to Fab : 90 days to a hot body, a la VH1. "Could you look like a rock goddess too if you had (a small army of personal trainers, nutritionists and stylists demanding one more sit-up, counting every calorie and picking out the perfect outfits to show it all off) at your beck and call? VH1 proves that 'real' woman can in its two one-hour series, 'Flab to Fab,' premiering Monday, May 10th at 10:00 pm and Monday, May 24th at 10:00 pm." Out : Trying to get the jump on Berkshire Hathaway's Warren Buffett , the second richest man in the world, and, if he will permit me to say, urlLink one crafty motherfucker . According to urlLink Bloomberg via The Age , when scalpers tried to make some money off Buffett online: "Billionaire investment guru Warren Buffett is without doubt one of the most successful stockmarket investors of all time - and it appears he is just as savvy when it comes to sales strategies on the internet. "When scalpers started hawking tickets to last night's annual meeting of Mr Buffett's famed investment vehicle, Berkshire Hathaway, in Omaha, Nebraska - offering tickets at $US117 ($A162) a pair on the eBay website - Mr Buffett, 73, jumped on to the online marketplace and offered 10,000 tickets at $US5 a pair. He blew away the competition. "'He's got a situation where people are trying to take advantage of him,' said Donald Yacktman , of Yacktman Asset Management, in Chicago. "'Count on Warren Buffett to do something like that.' Berkshire shareholders got four free passes to last night's annual meeting, described as 'Woodstock for capitalists' by Mr Buffett, and most take along at least two guests. The tickets are keenly sought - after all, it costs more than $US3000 to buy Berkshire's cheapest share and secure admission unless you can go along as a shareholder's guest." While Woodstock for capitalists sound, uhm ... well, chic , you know, somewhat , for the economics majors and software company CEO-types, uhm, I guess (laughs nervously) : the big "to do" for tonight is still the urlLink White House Correspondents Dinner , and the crunk Bloomberg jumpoff after party ("the roof ... the roof ... the roof is on ... fire"). No offense to the cocktails and BBQ's in Omaha, and, oh, who can forget the 6 hour q and a with Warren Buffett --- sweet! Uhm : but no , Bloomberg's is still the pop off spot to get cookoo for cocoa puffs. urlLink Wonkette handicaps the tables , with a jaded but sexy eye: urlLink ABC : "ABC's table is so hot it's practically glowing. Unanimous agreement from all sources. Says one, 'ABC managed a triple play --with heavy-hitter hotties from Hollywood ( Affleck ), Sports ( Tom Brady ) and Washington ( Powell , Rumsfeld , Rove ... OK, well Rove's not exactly 'hot' but you know what I mean).'" urlLink Bloomberg : "Hottt but not on fire like ABC. (Says one operative: 'Even though Bloomberg has the party tickets, I'd say ABC managed the most-impressive, most-enviable 'gets.'") Still, impressive: Candice Bergen , Minnie Driver , Drew Carey , Anna Kournikova . " And, of course, urlLink Kwame will be at the all important Greta Von Sustern table ... (lulling sound of crickets in the moonlight) ... uh, hello? In : And, while we are on Washington, Kerry needs to get a pit-bull running mate who is able to go negative, thus allowing him to look Presidential. urlLink Kerry is looking like Al Gore, Part II inside the beltway . Who are the best pitbulls for this particular world-historical mission? urlLink Bill Richardson of New Mexico and the fiery and angry urlLink Max Cleland of Georgia . Hillary would be far too volatile being the attack dog -- she would only coerce the base to come out stronger for Bush, dashing Kerry hopes at swing voters. I hate to say it, but John Edwards is too positive a man for this ugly mudslinging race (sorry John), although he would be a damn fine Attorney General , if Ralph Nader doesn't strongarm Kerry for that position at the last minute -- as we suspect that asshole will. And to end on a positive note: In : Michael Musto has been updating urlLink La Dolce Musto as the week rolls by with top drawer gossip, to wit : "BREAKING NEWS, 4.29.04 Watch out, Donald. IVANA TRUMP is about to announce the launch of her own reality show, called Girls on Top . More details next week. "BREAKING NEWS, 4.30.04 Web exclusive: Rumors say pop princess MANDY MOORE is being considered for a role (presumably Glinda) in Wicked. That should be a walk to remember." So keep your eyes peeled to the urlLink VV site . We are very pleased, as there is no such thing as too much Musto . So there. I don't care who knows it.

 60 Minutes: America's Flirtation with Eugenics Eugenics, a spurious philosophy that cannibalized Darwin, popular at the end of the nineteenth and top of the twentieth century, and American business executives (and academics at prestigious universities, showered with corporate money to lionize their exploits intellectually) did a flirtatious dance all the way into the 1970s. The philosophy goes as follows: businessmen and the wealthy are at the top of the intellectual food chain ( Paris Hilton , Donald Trump ?) because they can "survive" with the fittest, and, by contrast, the poor are mentally retarded and prone to criminality, and are thus unnecessary to the society. CBS' Bob Simon tackles the thorny issue if Eugenics in America on 60 Minutes on Sunday. urlLink The 60 Minutes website reads : "The Nazis became infamous for it, but even before Hitler plotted his master race, America practiced eugenics and it's a secret that a 60 Minutes report brings back to center stage in all its ugly shame. "Bob Simon's report on a state institution that once kept thousands of children away from the rest of society will be broadcast Sunday, May 2, at 7 p.m. ET/PT." urlLink CBS' site continues : " urlLink The Walter E. Fernald School in Waltham, Mass ., was once part of nationwide system of state-run institutions that warehoused children deemed "feeble-minded" -- in some cases right up until the 1970s. " Michael D'Antonio writes in his new book, urlLink The State Boys Rebellion , that eugenics was an idea that peaked in the 1920s and 1930s. "People were told, 'We can be rid of all disease...lower the crime rate...increase the wealth of our nation, if we only keep certain people from having babies,'" D'Antonio tells Simon." urlLink The Tech at MIT wrote on itself in 1995 : "At the Oct. 3 news conference that announced the completion of the committee's nearly 1,000-page report, (President Bill) Clinton made a formal apology to the thousands of subjects of radiation experiments reviewed by the committee. "The report stated that children at the Fernald School were 'unfairly burdened' by researchers from MIT and Harvard , who encouraged the children to take part in tests with promises of gifts or trips to Red Sox games. "The researchers also appeared 'unwilling to respect' some children's wishes not to participate in experiments, according to the report. The parents of the children involved in the experiments were not told that the tests involved radiation." Fuck . The 60 Minutes site: "In fact, many of the children were not mentally impaired, but merely wayward or poor and uneducated with no place to go. Such children were often subject to the abuse inherent in large institutions. " Fred Boyce was committed to Fernald at 8 years old when his foster mother died. 'It was the easy way out. They didn't have to look for homes for you so they could dump you off in these human warehouses and just let you rot,' he tells Simon. "Boyce spent 11 years there and was labeled a 'moron,' even though his intelligence was within the normal range. There were many others kept at Fernald who were not mentally deficient. "'We thought for a long time that we belonged there, that we were not part of the species...[not]supposed to be born,' says Boyce, who describes a vicious cycle at Fernald of abuse and harsh punishments for trying to run away from the abuse. "Moreover, the normal inmates like Boyce had to work long, hard hours in Fernald's gardens, orchards and other work areas and thus were denied a proper education." They weren't deemed educable. They were poor. urlLink Finally : " Joe Almeida was at Fernald at the same time as Boyce was. He relates a similar experience, but talks about another secret both men share: They were unknowingly subjected to radiation experiments at Fernald. "'We were getting special treatment...extra dessert...extra milk,' says Almeida of the 'science club' they were recruited for. The food was radioactive, part of an experiment conducted by The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the government and the Quaker Oats company . "Boyce, Almeida and others in the 'science club' filed and won a lawsuit over the experiments. The $60,000 they each received was small, says Almeida, but no amount can replace the precious thing taken from him and thousands of others. "'They took the most important thing in my life away...my childhood and my education,' Almeida tells Simon. 'The two things that you need in life to make it, they took from me'." Mad scientist geekboys with human guinnea pigs in supply and business titans drunk on their invulnerability, deeming a class of people useless to their profit margins. urlLink A sad alliance . Of Eugenics, at the height of the Eugenicist movement during the Industrial revolution, the conservative -- surprise! -- urlLink GK Chesterton wrote: " I take one case of a more or less Eugenist sort from a paper that lies open in front of me --- a paper that still bears on its forehead the boast of being peculiarly an organ of democracy in revolt. To this a man writes to say that the spread of destitution will never be stopped until we have educated the lower classes in the methods by which the upper classes prevent procreation. The man had the horrible playfulness to sign his letter 'Hopeful.'" Watch 60 Minutes Sunday at 7pm, and, hopefully, America never lowers itself into that Nietzchean pit again.

 (sorry, no posts today, will resume tomorrow 5/1/04)

 Livin' It Up With Ali and Jack! (or, Ali, You Got Some 'Splainin to Do!) urlLink Rush and Molloy report that Living it Up starring the oddly hyper Mrs. George Stephanopouolos , urlLink Ali along with her aging, charismatically challenged tv news mannequin sidekick Jack Ford (you know, the show with the urlLink nonexistent ratings ) finally bit the big one (didn't you always know it would end up this way? why aren't we programming the networks?). Here's the poop: "The syndicated talk show 'Living It Up! With urlLink Ali and Jack' was abruptly canceled yesterday with a stinging rebuke from King World Productions boss Roger King that left staffers stunned." ( The Corsair grabs a bag of unsalted popcorn, sits down in front of computer and reads on, excited at the prospect of another's downfall) "The show, which appears locally on WCBS/Ch. 2, starred Ali Wentworth (aka Mrs. George Stephanopoulos ) and urlLink Jack Ford . "A snitch tells us, 'King World senior vice president Mike Stornello called everyone into the room and said the show had been axed. Then he put Roger on speakerphone, because he said Roger wanted to say thank-you to everyone.' "But our spy quotes Roger as saying: 'There will be no thanks. I want to tell you how I really feel. This has been the most painful and expensive experience that the company has ever been through.' "King called it 'a disastrous show,' saying 'no one has worked as hard as they could, [and it] cost a lot of money.'" ( The Corsair covers his mouth, then whispers slowly to himself: " oh no he didn't ...") "Ever the wit, Wentworth quipped after the tirade, 'Well, I feel better.' "A King World rep told us yesterday: 'Roger expressed his disappointment and wished the staff luck in the future.'" ( The Corsair All purpose Simultaneous Translator: The fuckers cost me money, so I'm gonna get the motherfucking last word up in this here bitch .) "The only person who didn't get an earful was co-host Ford. According to our source, he had left early to play golf." Jack Ford's devotion to that shitty show is awe inspiring (wipes a crocodile tear) ... it gets me right here (pounds his chest, manfully). urlLink In George Gurley's Observer piece , he wrote, "Mr. Stephanopoulos declined to be interviewed about his wife, but released a statement through Ms. Raftery: '(Ali Wentworth's) talent is undeniable and completely unique. She is the most wonderful mother and wife, but what many people dont know is her Chicken Marbella is unbeatable!" Well, get used to that Chicken Marbella, Georgieboy (aggressively punches the air), cause something tells me you'll have that particular poultry dish quite often while "Dark Ali" is on haitus. And don't be surpised if she starts experimenting with different sauces and spices, Georgie Porgie . Furniture will be rearranged on a daily basis. Unemployment is a bitch, my friend, little Clinton-traitor ... unemployment is hell .... for the other spouse. Our Boy Gurley also wrote: "Over the holidays (2003), Entertainment Weekly had listed both Ms. Wentworth and her husbands shows as among the worst of 2003. The couple was blamed for 'spoiling both weekday and Sunday-morning TV.' EW commented that Ms. Wentworths 'madcap shenanigans' make her co-host Mr. Ford look 'like a suicide-watch candidate.'" "The Daily News also put Living It Up! with Ali and Jack on their worst-of-the-year list (2003), and so did The New York Times , in a print conversation between the papers TV critics. Alessandra Stanley called Living It Up! 'the worst daytime talk show in history' and said shed never reviewed it because 'very few watch it and it's just too painful and sad.'" The painfulness and sadness is over. Old Yeller, the worst daytime talk show in history,' has been put down. Rest in peace, Livin' it Up with Ali and Jack.

 Fashionweekdaily: Fabien Baron of Paris Vogue has ADD If I ever got Fabien Baron of French Vogue alone in an interview situation, there are so many questions I would ask him, most of which relate to conceptions of beauty and style,and probably I'd ask for some jet set gossip. urlLink Fashionweekdaily wanted to know about urlLink Carine , because everyone wants to know about what it's like to work with Carine , it's Carine's world, we just rent in it: " Fashionweekdaily : What's it like working with Carine ? " FB : It's great working with Carine . I love her sense of risk, her desire for sexiness, her excitement for the new, her international taste, and the way she moves in her always-impeccable outfits -- quite something." Then, sandwiched in between the data that his uniform consists of a black cashmere sweater and a charvet shirt, Levi's and Converse All Stars, we learn, coincidentally, that he has a pesky little case of that chic disease-- attention deficit disorder (all the stars are getting it, my little soup bone): " Fashionweekdaily : Best and worst things about working in fashion? What would you change? " Fabien : The great thing about fashion is that it's only for six months. I think change is a good thing. But at the same token, the short-lived fashion world attracts people with short attention spans, which can ultimately create a sense of shallowness. I wouldn't change anything because I have A.D.D." Pow! He's old school like that. Attention Deficit Disorder, thank you very much. That's pretty heavy stuff offered by way of admission to a total stranger. So, it was quite surprising to follow on, as Fashionwiredaily callously asked this man with attention deficit disorder the politically incorrect question: "What's the future direction of French Vogue ?" Long distance planning from the ADD patient? Fabien Baron's answer, of course, in unsurprising: "Who knows. Let's see where the fashion industry is going. I don't particularly think about the future. What we do is concentrate on the moment, doing the best for the moment. I'm glad Carine also works the same way." Next up, Fashionweekdaily interviews a Down Syndrome kid and asks him to solve calculus problems. And, coming soon, Fashionweekdaily sets up an obstacle course to race sufferers of Parkinson's Syndrome. Sheesh. And some people say I'm an asshole.

 Mark Cuban Likes Rebecca Romijn -- A Lot Mark Cuban is an arrogant, adolescent, overly aggressive and overbearing man-boy: a punk, in other words a fucking Stallone . But he's big now, urlLink as big as the google IPO , what, with that urlLink 60 Minutes blowjob last Sunday from Steve Kroft (after 5 unrelenting weeks of punishing the Bush Administration, last week's 60 Minutes was the most Republican-loving episode of all time, with attack pieces on the cigar smoking midget urlLink tyrant Sadaam lawyer , and two blowjobs each meted out to ultracapitalists Mark Cuban and a urlLink South African mogul named Tokio ). I should know, urlLink I interviewed him once . But he is funny, and urlLink "id" in his manner, very primate , but his humor mitigates that. Or I could just be playa hating. Anyhoo : That's why when I checked out his Blog at urlLink BlogMaverick , and saw him discourse on the lusciousness that is Rebecca Romijn (kisses fingers with reverence, then continues in a dreamlike voice), I knew it was a keeper , and I felt a faint sense of alarm for his wife, a surprisingly mousy woman, whom I have never met but for whom I foresee a cloudy future, drenched in riches -- an unexpected financial windfall so to speak , after the Cuban stores his cigar in an unlawful humidor. Mark Cuban is not monogamy material: let's just put that on the table. Alpha men are generally not monogamy material: "The sports world is always about what are you going to do next. Sports reporters want to get the story about the game over and done with as quickly as possible so they can bug the hell out of you about what you are going to do next. They will ask you the same damn question over and over. Are you going to sign/resign/hire/fire XXXXX. That's 90 pct of the questions I get, and it's ridiculous because if I do anything, it's immediately available to everyone at the same time. So why not ask a question with some substance? Then I realized how lucky I was that I only had to put up with annoying repetition of questions. "At the premiere of urlLink Godsend this week, I watched Rebecca Stamos deal with the same type of stupidity but at a level that made me realize and appreciate how little I have to deal with. "The premiere was typical. Lots of paparazzi. It was cool to walk down the red carpet with my wife and Todd Wagner, my production partner. Cameras flashing, people screaming your name to look at them for pictures. But it was a pittance compared to what happened when she came by. My goodness. The questions probably would have had me jumping over the ropes to knock someone out. Personal. Personal. Personal. She handled it like a champ. Laughing off questions she didn't want to answer and being incredibly gracious with her time. Of course I was only watching every step she took because I was curious how she would deal with the media. It was purely an intellectual exercise. I had to refer to the physics classes I didn't take to wonder how she fit in that dress. But I digress." Yes, indeed you do, my favorite billionaire interview subject. I've got 50-50 odds that they divorce in a year and Cuban is dating Romijn by Thanksgiving.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Ambassador Joe Wilson's book, urlLink The Politics of Truth , is the latest anti-Bush tome to come out. urlLink His wife, Valerie Plame , was outed as a CIA operative to urlLink creepy-eyed conservative columnist Robert Novak , and Wilson gets in the last word. urlLink The Independent writes : "Leaking the identity of a CIA operative is a federal offence and the FBI, headed by an outside prosecutor, has for several months been conducting an investigation and has put together a grand jury to consider evidence and hear from witnesses. "Mr Wilson initially claimed it was Mr Bush's senior political adviser, Karl Rove , who leaked his wife's identity, though he has since stepped back somewhat from that allegation. Reports suggest that other potential leakers could be Mr Cheney's chief of staff, Lewis 'Scooter' Libby or else John Hannah , a senior national security aide on the Vice-President's staff. Either way, if anyone in the White House is found guilty of the leak to Mr Novak and others, it would be very damaging to Mr Bush as he campaigns for reelection." The Corsair has 60-40 action on Scooter Libby as the leaker, but my buddy, Pookie , uptown on 125th Street (who also on the side sells bootleg cartons of Newports), is taking 75-25 odds on John Hannah . Act like you know. Out : Rebecca Loos , she of the meaningful name. It's getting kind of tragic for our Rebecca; she is at 14 minutes and 45 seconds and it's beginning to look like a disaster. urlLink Sky News is reporting that no less than Mohamed al Fayed cut the buxom beauty's name from his guest list for a party: "Rebecca Loos' new celebrity status took a knock when urlLink Harrods' boss Mohamed al Fayed refused her entry to a party at the store. "Miss Loos had been expecting to return as a guest to the upmarket Knightsbridge shop where she worked as a 19-year-old. "But the former PA, who shot to fame after her claims about sleeping with England football captain David Beckham , was kicked off the list an hour before the bash. "Al Fayed said the snub was out of loyalty and friendship to the Beckhams, who are customers at the store." The UK is still all about the class distinctions. And, alas, in the end, the upper crust draws together close and protects it's own. In : Corporate fat cats talking about fat americans. Oh, the irony is as thick as a McDonald's Milk shake. My old boss urlLink Jason Calacanis' weblog paraphrases a panel discussion of Nobel Laureates in Economics about -- of all topics -- obesity in America. Imagine my surprise : " urlLink Daniel Kahneman : Discussed the size - that in the US you get 30-40% more food on your plate then in other countries. He said that once the food is on your plate we dont have control. " urlLink Gary Becker : (Jason agrees) with a number of things Danny said. If you look at weight gain in the USA and the US has been a leader in this (huge laugh.) He said weight gain started to speed up in 1980. What happened after 1980? He mentioned three of four factors: the cost of junk food has gone way done. It is much cheaper to get it thanks to technology to prepare (he mention French fries.) Secondly, the sedentary nature of the teenage population has changed significantly. He mentioned TV and computer activity, and that work is more sedentary. "Then showed a slide with an escalator leading up to a gym (huge laugh.) "The third factor is a tricky and difficult one, and I dont know how much weight to put on it. We are in an environment where medical progress has sped up. He says that the people are less concerned about things like weight because they believe that in the future we will have drugs to solve cholesterol problems and sex enhancement drugs (i.e. Viagra .) He says this is all conjecture, but he believes it. We've only seen this increase in weight in the past 25 years. "Milken paraphrases the concept as 'I can do what I want today and I can take a morning after pill.'" Junk foods, urlLink junk bonds , what's the difference at Club Fed, eh, Michael? (huge laugh) Out : urlLink Jill Sander over at Mediabistro asked some prominent magazine editors who they think should get a National Magazine Award. The usual culprits were represented -- Paul Colford , David Carr , Choire Sicha , Kurt Andersen , Tina Brown -- but then Jill went and asked Wired Magazine's Editor-in-Chief Chris Anderson . Big mistake , Jilly girl. Ol' Chris-co is not going to give the testosterone pull quote. He flips the script on bourgois geekiness and takes it to a whole new level : "Award: Best Cover. I'd give it to Edge , a U.K. games magazine, which has the grooviest spot-varnished covers around. Minimalist, iconic, and often anime-influenced, they're probably a failure on the newsstand and I can't figure out how they can afford the production costs for subscribers. But each month I get a thrill just opening the polybag and a reminder of what magazines can do." Ah, the thrill of opening the polybag ... Priceless. In : Pumas. urlLink FashionWireDaily reports : "Sales at Puma soared 29.3% in the first quarter of 2004, powered by rapid growth in sales of its apparel. "The German sportswear and apparel brand racked up sales in the first three months of 443.8 million Euros ($532.6 million), while sales of apparel gained a whopping 39% to 111.2 million Euros. "Puma also revealed that the company had achieved record profit margins in the first quarter. Gross profit margins thickened to an impressive 51.7%, up from 47.2% in the like period a year earlier. Net earnings grew 64.6 percent to 80.4 million Euros." Out : A-List Movie Star salaries. They are going to go down faster than Paris Hilton on Rick Solomon. This interesting quote from urlLink Variety's coverage of the Mike Milliken Institute panels goes, "In a later session with reporters, though, (Sumner) added that star salaries would have to come down and said studios have let A-list actorwalkalk away with a disproportionate share of the rewards.'" To be continued. The Corsair will keep you informed of upcoming developments -- same bat time, same bat URL . In : Jay Z's "99 Problems" Video is hot . Me? I've got 99 problems but a blog aint one. Thanks urlLink Scott of Stereogum for hooking us up with this shit. Rick Rubin is crazy in this trippy urban Brooklyn thuggernaut of a video. Jay Z gets sprayed with bullets a la Tony Montana in the end. Out : Senate Democrats. According to urlLink Alexander Bolton of TheHill , the whoring fcampaignign contributions is at a feverish pace "Senate Democrats are offering lobbyists new access to Senate Democratic leaders and lawmakers in exchange for personal contributions of $25,000, the maximum amount allowed to national party fundraising committees. "Democrats are energized by a spate of unforeseen Republican retirements that have dramatically reshaped their prospects of regaining control of the Senate this November." "...To close the gap, Senate Democrats are turning to allied lobbyists and consultants in Washington, many of who earn big paychecks touting their ties to lawmakers on the Hill. To be a member of the so-called Majority Council a program run by the DSCC lobbyists must reach into their own pockets for a donation of no less than $25,000. "...Lobbyists at that level will be made members of the elite council, a group that will meet with the Senate Democratic leadership every month or six weeks. The councils first meeting was held about three weeks ago, and another meeting will take place in the early weeks of May." That's fucking disgusting. In : And, closing on a positive note, the white wine slurping cucumber munching Fifth Avenue set got together to support the ballet ( yuck! The Corsair doesn't eat swine, and the Corsair sees no redeeming social function in ballet, excepting urlLink Neve Campbell's performance in The Company , which was sexy ) in a civilized manner. urlLink Fashionweekdaily reports , "As the 100+ crowd gathered for the luncheon, young ballerinas in tutus from The American Ballet Theatres costume archives mingled with the ladies who lunch, who were all wearing their very best Carolina Herrera outfits. The darlings of New York society think Dayssi , Blaine , and Muffie mingled with the editors Kerry , Amanda and Kristina . During lunch, Carolina Herrera staged a presentation of her fall collection for guests, followed by one-on-one consultations." What other occasion would there be for braised artichoke bottoms with fava beans. Fucking rabbit food. No wonder the Old Money Upper East siders are so mean. Hunger from urlLink all that dieting and the rabbit food!

 An Interview with John Kerry's Hair Matt Drudge reports that urlLink John Kerry, right before he flew in to appear on Meet The Press, had a $1000 haircut : "On the Friday before his MEET THE PRESS appearance, Dem presidential hopeful John Kerry flew his Washington, DC hairdresser to Pittsburgh for a touch-up, the DRUDGE REPORT has learned. "Cristophe stylist Isabelle Goetz , who handles Kerry's hair issues, made the trek to Pittsburgh, campaign sources reveal. "'Her entire schedule had to be rearranged,' a top source explains. "A Kerry campaign spokesman refuses to clarify if Goetz flew by private jet on April 16 or on the official Kerry For President campaign plane. "The total expense for the hair touch-up is estimated to be more than $1000, insiders tell DRUDGE. "One source suggests the hairdresser was flown to Pittburgh on Teresa Heinz Kerry's 'Flying Squirrel', a Gulfstream V private jet. "'Senator Kerry thinks Isabelle does a superb job,' a campaign source said. "Goetz grew up in a small town in eastern France. She also does Hillary Clinton's hair." You know the shit is going to hit the fan. Kerry can fucking wave goodbye to the red states after this East Coast prep school washingtonian shit. Anyhoo: this gets me in the mood to recycle on old story I did, so, if you haven't seen it: An Interview With Senator John Kerry's Hair By: Ron Mwangaguhunga After several frustrated attempts, we were finally granted this important historical moment. So, without further ado, we proudly present for the first time: a print interview with Senator John Kerry's hair. Interviewer: Charmed, I'm sure; why now? John Kerry's Hair (hereafter JKH): I will concede that I have been reluctant in the past, but setting the record straight is important to me. Interviewer: That, and the upcoming Democratic Party primaries. Would you care to take the opportunity to sum up your opposition? JKH: Rather than disparage the talent in the room, I'd like to state categorically that I am the best head of hair among the Democratic Presidential candidates. Interviewer: That is a bold statement. JKH: Bold times call for bold statements, my good man. Interviewer: Well, there is no denying that you are a striking coif. JKH: Even by the considerable standards of Massachusetts, which were instituted by the Kennedy family. I am the measure of all things hair. Interviewer: What aboutJohn Edwards? He has impressive hair, no? JKH: (averted gaze) Well, if you go in for that sort of thing. Interviewer: What is this that we are hearing about Dick Gephardt dying his eyebrows? JKH: One hears rumors to that effect. (Unnerved) Look, what about me? Interviewer: Sorry. So, tell us: what are your secrets to looking good. (confidentially) Is it Washingtonian power hairstylist Christophe? JKH: Please. Christophe is so over. Interviewer: So tell us. JKH: You're going to laugh. Interviewer: No, that would be unprofessional. Trust me, I won't laugh. What is your secret for looking so good? JKH: Heinz Dark Brown Mustard Interviewer: Oh dear. JKH: Smeared liberally overnight, it works wonders. Also, I like to tell my constituents in Massachusetts that said mustard is just grand for use in grilled crab po' boys. Interviewer: I'm sure it is. JKH: So you see there are many political advantages to my wife, Theresa Heinz. Interviewer: Yes, I was meaning to get to that. JKH: I really am not at liberty to discuss her. Interviewer: (crestfallen) Well, okay, how about the Presidents economic stimulus plan? JKH: Can't talk about that either, old boy. I'll leave the meditations on the merits of the President's plan to help Americans earn ends meet to the Senator. My primary concern, rather, is the avoidance of split ends. Interviewer: Very well. Let's try something innocuous. What color are you? JKH: Thats not a political minefield. I am chestnut with a liberal sprinkling of dusted gray. Interviewer: Liberal, you say? JKH: A poor choice of words, in retrospect. Let's just say I am a well textured mop of dusted-grey hair. Interviewer: Are you worried about going completely gray? JKH: Pardon? Interviewer: It's a well known fact that the rigors and the burdens of the office of the Presidency turn their resident gray within the first year. That's a fact: look at Bush and Clinton and, as we speak, George W. Are you saying that you are not aware of this fact? JKH: (hesitant) I am not unaware ... Interviewer: Well then what is your position on going prematurely gray? JKH: Ah, hair today, gone tomorrow? Interviewer: If you say so. Now ... JKH: You say that this going gray is an established fact. Interviewer: Of course. JKH: Right. Well, I'm going to have to close the lid on things. Interviewer: -- But. JKH: So good of you to drop by, but I have things to discuss with the Senator. Interviewer: Oh well. Good luck in the primaries.

 Studio 360's Kurt Andersen Interviews Air America's Lizz Winstead Of all places, urlLink MotherJones.com has an interview between urlLink Kurt Andersen and Lizz Winstead , co creator of the Daily Show, who left Comedy Central after a urlLink brutal feud with the dumb-as-wood politically incorrect mannequin Craig Kilborne . Trippy. But you have to watch urlLink Andersen's martini dry wit . It comes up from nowhere, and zaps you on the social level something fierce and unexpected, like an uppercut to the chops. I'm serious. I know Kurt, somewhat. We worked together at New York magazine, back when he was editor and I was a hungry factchecker. Why, I remember, in another life, years later, being interviewed for a job at Inside.com by Andersen. The conversation was pleasant. It was the height of the dotcom revolution and in Silicon Alley, and he was starting a new business in an arena that I had been a minor player in for a year or so. The conversation turned to the small consumer magazine I was editing at the time, urlLink MacDirectory . He asked me after the magazine. I launched into a spirited explanation of where I was steering the magazine editorially. We were to be the urlLink Vogue Magazine of technology magazines , sexy, savvy, digital. He looked at me with a twinkle in his eyes, then leaned toward me, conspiratorially, saying, meaningfully,"No, Ron, I mean, what is MacDirectory." All at once I felt the air drain from my lungs, and for a second hyperventillation seemed a distinct possibilty. Only Kurt's boyish grin told me that he was just kidding, cutting the tension, clearing the air. Kurt's like that. Blam! And then the grave demeanor is broken with the boyish smile. So, imagine my surprise when I read Kurt and Air America's prickly Lizz Winstead : " Kurt : When a Justin Timberlake and Janet Jackson thing happens, will you talk about it? Or will you purely be Halliburton and Iraq? " Lizz Winstead : We will, [but] we might take less of a Howard Stern approach and try to break down why people are reacting the way they are and why, for God's sakes, the media is leading with it. Really: Is a society that embraces America's Funniest Home Videos so outraged that they saw a woman's breast? Or are they outraged because the woman is just too old to show her breast, because nobody wants to see the breast of anyone over the age of I think 30 is the cutoff? " Kurt : To have all of these modules of news comedy, that's a daunting prospect. Comedy can go wrong in a bigger way and make somebody turn the dial faster than just talk. " Lizz : We're never going to do some gigantic six-minute sketch. And the comedy is going to have a purpose. That way I think people won't tune out. You've got to be a little bit fearless and say, 'This whole venture is a risk,' because no one's ever done anything this kooky before. " Kurt : Is the plan to make money, lose money? " Lizz : Make money. " KA : Not just from urlLink Ben and Jerry's ads ." Fuck . That hurt. I could feel it from across the computer screen. I could see him winding up that suckerpunch. That's his MO, I tell you. Lull you into complacency with banter. Disarm you. Then Ka-plooey , right cross to the solar plexus. And while we're on the topic of Ben and Jerry's , go get some free ice cream today, as urlLink it is cone day and the weather, in NYC, is ice cream friendly. Deadlines make it impossible to blog tomorrow. I'll be back Thursday.

 A Little Bit of the Old In and Out In : Quirky actor Nic Cage getting married to 19 year old waitress: "According to urlLink The Sun , Cage proposed to 19-year-old Alice Kim with a huge diamond and emerald ring. Nicholas met Alice when he was out dining with friends on Valentines Day at Sushi Avenue , where she worked. "The star of Gone in 60 Seconds became so captivated by Alice while he was there that he invited her to the Oscars with him the following month. "Cage, who is more than twice Alices age, created quite a stir at some of the Oscar after-show parties when he was seen with her on his knee. "Since their Oscar date the actor has taken Alice in his private jet for several romantic meals in New Orleans and Chicago, where he has been filming. "A friend said: 'Nic has really fallen for this girl.' Hmm. Out : Halle Berry , the first African American woman ever to recieve a Best Actress Oscar, has urlLink filed for divorce from rhythm and blues singer Eric Benet (has anyone ever bought an Eric Benet album?), according to urlLink Ananova : "The couple were married for three years and separated in October. It is the second divorce for the actress, who was previously married to Cleveland Indians outfielder David Justice . "Tabloids speculated about Benet's faithfulness from almost the moment the X-Men star married Benet in January 2001. "The two met in 1999 at a party to celebrate the premiere of Berry's movie urlLink Introducing Dorothy Dandridge. In : China. Jason Calacanis attended urlLink The Miliken Institute's Roundtable Discussion: Perspectives on China in the Global Economy , and he presents a daunting portrait of competition against China in the next hundred years. Harold Goldstein , the Managing Director of Xinhua Finance, the moderator, said: "(Harold Goldstein) showed the following slide which shows the number of years to double per capita GDP. It took the UK from 1780 to 1838. It took the US from 1839-86. It took China less then ten years to do it twicesince 1978. "Copper 97 to present 11 to 20% of the worlds total. Second largest importer of oil with 7% of the globes consumption. Harold says China has pricing power in shipping and commodities." "... China may have a rough landing, it may see a precipitous drop in GDP over the next 24 months, but the more important story are the fundamental changes taking place. China is producing about 200,000 graduates in science and engineering each year that is more then the US, Germany and Japan combined. I would argue the nature of the reforms means tha the china GDP growth story will continue even if there are bumps in the road." Out : urlLink The always interesting Dick Morris takes George Bush to task for his presentation, his style and his rhetoric, which, Morris asserts, is way too geared towards white men (we agree): "Asked whether they would give priority to 'letting terrorists know we will fight back aggressively' or to 'working with other nations,' men want to fight by 53-41 while women seek cooperation as their priority by 54-36 a gender gap of 30 points ! "But much of Bushs problem is linguistic. He needs to develop a war-on-terror equivalent of his highly successful 2000 rhetoric about being a compassionate conservative committed to leaving no child behind. "Women are a lot less interested in forcing democracy on Iraq than they are in preventing suffering there and promoting safety here." In : Wonkette. It's always a bonfire of the vanities over at Wonkette. But this time, she catches the city's powerful in DC making perfect asses out of themselves. To wit, the big Bloomberg after party for the White House Correspondent's dinner. urlLink Wonkette says : "We hear that some enterprising journalists have been attempting to score invites to the big Bloomberg urlLink White House Correspondents' Dinner after-party by saying they need to get in because they are 'covering' the party. But those trying this tack clearly haven't coordinated very well -- either that, or a certain local paper is planning entire special issues around the event. What's more, some of these reporters aren't exactly known for their society coverage, though this has yet to stop anyone. Says our source: 'I can see it now: The Bloomberg after-party -- a pespective from Baghdad.'" In related news, urlLink Kwame Jackson of The Apprentice will accompany Great Von Suistern to the Dinner on Saturday Night. Invitees to the Bloomberg after party include Ben Affleck (Ben's acting career is at an all time low, a political career might do him sone good), Meg Ryan , Jimmy Kimmell , George Clooney , Drew Carey , hopeful country music crooner Minnie Driver , Mary Louise Parker , Candice Bergen , Mary-Kate and asley Olsen (please someone, give Mary-Kate some stew ), Anna Kournikova , Serena Williams , Diane Sawyer , Barbara Walters and former Iraq War POWs Shoshana Johnson and Jessica Lynch . Drew Barrymore will be shooting a documentary at the dinner and after party on the 2004 election. Sometimes, the respective roles of each component of the DC-LA-NY power nexus get all mixed up and the power, the glamour and the media all converge at a single event. urlLink This is that event . Out : OneWorld? One debt. Remember OneWorld, that unreadable urban magazine with all the pretty pictures and interviews of Russell Simmons' family each issue? It's having trouble paying freelance writers. urlLink David Carr of the NY Times (and topic A with tina Brown) writes: " urlLink Ward Sutton , an animator and illustrator, said he was owed $2,550 for a comic and illustration he drew for ( urlLink OneWorld ) magazine. He sent a note asking for payment after the final issue, and received this reply from the publisher, John N. Pasmore , 'OneWorld has no ability to pay its bills and unless something unexpected happens, OneWorld will file for reorganization (Chapter 11) or dissolution (Chapter 7).'" wow. It sucks to be Ward Sutton right about now.

 Is Mary-Kate Olsen Too Skinny? That significant cultural artifact urlLink Star Magazine runs the subject of the world famous Gemini twins. Is she too skinny? Peter Davis , Victoria Gotti and Nathan Cooper share authorship on this: "First she ditched her twin sister Ashley's sunshine-blonde hair color in favor of a reddishbrown hue. Now, on the eve of the May 7 opening of the Olsen twins' $40 million debut feature film, urlLink New York Minute , Mary-Kate is upping the ante in her quest for individuality by becoming urlLink skeletal-thin , observers say. "Mary-Kate looks shockingly skinny in recent photographs, leading some to question whether the pressure of her busy career is taking its toll. "'It looks like she's got urlLink no body fat at all,' says psychologist Dr. Robert Butterworth , who has closely examined the pictures of Mary-Kate, but does not treat her. urlLink 'She seems thin . I think she's underweight and urlLink she's hiding it .'" "... And with adulthood around the corner -- the twins turn 18 on June 13 -- the girls are gearing up to attend New York University this fall. If that weren't enough, Mary-Kate is also in the midst of her first serious relationship -- she dates Boston University student David Katzenberg , son of DreamWorks honcho urlLink Jeffrey Katzenberg ." The article concludes: "Though a rep denies that either sister has an eating disorder, other reports paint a different picture. At a Hollywood function in December, according to one source who was there, Mary- Kate and her sister barely touched their food. 'They both played with the food on their plates, moving the food from side to side,' the source says. 'And Mary-Kate looked like nothing but skin and bones.'" Sad.

 The Corsair's Remote Control Tour Diary, 2.0 I originally ran this several months ago, but as the cable universe changes and evolves faster than urlLink Kylie Minogue's face , I'm adding on some new channels and my commentary for the newbies. There are also new stories beneath, so, scroll, my little soupbones. There are over 500 cable channels nowadays, so who better to give you a tour of some of the major ones? Anyhoo: 500 channels means "niche marketing." And with all those niches, things can get confusing as to what is being marketed and to whom. So, The Corsair will help the viewer through the wonderful world of cable with these pithy explanations, In Media Res: TNT : Lousy with Middle aged Testosterone. A musky-smelling channel. Bruce Willis and Steven Seagal action flics and basketball. Big in New Jersey. MTRS : Fashion runway shows. Sexy models on the catwalk in sheer gowns and hip music. The only channel where the velvet rope is open to horny teenage boys and fashion industry insiders. Democracy at work. CNN : Used to be a channel for Kings and Queens and heads of state, but of late it has morphed into the channel urlLink republicans love to hate . Establishment without the ratings or juice. Pity CNN: They used to wine and dine with kings and queens, but now they are laying in the gutter eating pork and beans. Lifetime : A channel earnestly devoted to fanning the smouldering resentments of Midwestern housewives. Husbands are, of course, to blame in most of these story lines that usually end with a favorable courtroom verdit .. for the wife who killed her abusive husband . Anger is the predominant emotion. Hollywood has not been kind to Nancy McKeon . Hell hath no fury like Joanna Kearns scorned! ABCFamily : The channel devoted to Christian urlLink tween girls in a nuclear family with a conviction that human history has a purpose beyond this world. Halleleuia . Lots of Mary Kate and Ashley films , which, ironically, attract a very different sort of crowd than the ones that these cats are aiming after. CNBC : This channel serves as "White Noise" for the various strip joints in the Wall Street and financial district vicinity. As your Bud Fox -like trader with a "Lawng Island" accent sips a Stoli on the rocks on his lunchbreak, sniffing his "Bolivian white Powder" ("Vitamin C"), getting a "friction dance" from his favorite "dancer," he can look over her shoulder, casually, and catch a brief glance at just how the markets are doing, and get a gauge on when he should return to the office. Maria Bartiromo as metaphor for the ideal Long Island investment banker's trophy wife. A&E : An elderly folks network with lots of Murder, She Wrote , and "original" films like "Horatio Hornblower," for viewers who can remember their glorious years of service in the British Imperial navy policing those hectic colonial ports. And urlLink Biography . Old people love reading and watching biographies. Another life not their own, I suppose. History : This is the Hitler and Outlaw Biker channel. At any time of the day, there is a hilbilly bar with serious discussions going on as to Hitler's "tactical blunders" and what they would have done "different," with this channel serving as the background noise. urlLink Attila the Hun and notorious historical persona, like urlLink Vlad the Impaler are big here. Discovery : This is the older, skeevier companion network to the already low rent History Channel , which means that it attracts a comparatively downscale sort of viewer than one would expect at History, which is not saying much at all. Seriously, though, This is the straight up serial killers network. No joking, yo. Somewhere in the Yosemite Valley there is a man, in a dungeon, sweating profusely, wearing clown makeup and laughing at the moon. He is surrounded by dog collars and he is described by co workers at the post office as "a solitary man." Guess which channel this guy is watching to drown out the screams. That's right (sotto voce) Discovery . Homeland security must needs to monitor anyone who watches more than 3 hours a day of this shit . VH1 : Perhaps the coolest channel on basic cable or otherwise ( full disclosure : I write for urlLink VH1's best blog ever , on occasion), my little soupbones! Suffused with irony, snark and nostalgia, this channel supplies the basic components of the urban diet. Michael Hirschorn is our god; we are not worthy . MTV : No longer cool: a little resentful of the joie de vivre its older, more successful brother, VH1 . It will never be the 80s again and the blush has wore off that ordinary looking frat boy Carson Daly . Lots of prank shows, like urlLink Punk'd and urlLink Wild Boys . TV for the low attention span generation (thanks hippies for dropping the kids in front of the gameboy) Even extreme sportsmen need eye candy for the downtime. E!: Creepy celebrity stalking and gossip. Everyone on this channel reeks of thwarted Hollywood ambitions and plastic surgery gone awry. This channel hasn't had a hit since Greg Kinnear was up in this bitch , and Jules Asner snatched Steven Soderberg , using the Asner name (she divorced Ed Asner's son years ago). urlLink E! stands for envy , which is the predominant emotion expressed on this channel. ESPN: This is reality tv for the Maxim set. Faint but palpable homoerotic subtext conveyed via "hero worship" of alpha males, like, say, Shaq or Sprewell (but viewers call him with the jocular-guy-pal sobriquet "Spree," cause, like , they know him personally in a Calvin Klein kind of way), but, of course, your average Joe Fratboy will never acknowledge that distrubing little truth. Bravo : For the affluent gay man, but not as culturally prestigious as urlLink BBC America , because BBC has that whole colonial cachet -- pre 1776. Cultural programming( National Dog Show , Cirque du Soleil , Inside the Actors Studio ) and Queer Eye For the Straight Guy rebroadcasts. Excellent movies like Deer Hunter are occasionally sprinkled into the programming. BET : A seriously embarassing network marketed to the seedy stereotype of the urban underclass. Ghetto comedy skits told in unremarkable english with frequent reference to bodily functions; charmed , I'm sure. Snakeoil selling televangelists like urlLink Crispy and Taffi Dollar -- how ghetto -- prevail over the airwaves on Sundays. And C-List Blaxploitations flix fill out the rest of any regrettable week spent watching this schedule. urlLink Can you fucking believe that Viacom paid three billion dollars for this channel ? Sci Fi: The repressed sexuality channel. Their niche is the grown man who has a crush on the X Man, Storm and dreams in full-on video games. Somehow the unresolved "sexual energy" gets worked out into a reverence for the "paranormal." B List hot chicks like Shannen Doherty and Tracy Lords end up here after Hollywood is through with them. Fox: If you go in for Karl Rove's talking points, this is the channel for you. The Corsair has to admit that he watched it during the Second Gulf War . Fox routinely scooped the other networks because it sometimes seemed that Rummy gave them the inside scoop. For a "family values network," the women broadcasters have an oddly pornographic patina about them. Hmmm. Showtime: Tries earnestly to out-extreme the original programming at HBO , who got there first. Dreams of getting recognized at events like the Golden Globes ; not likely, however. This is the place to try to pitch your indie documentary on transexual underwater basket weavers in Micronesia . Food : For people who's interest in food has transcended the purely phenomenal eating stage. We still like the urlLink Iron Chef , though. Fuku-san , ("yes") I just heard that the Iron Chef, that urlLink odd Asian man dressed in a Rennaissance courtier outfit via Liberace and Samaurai style days was munching a yellow pepper. TLC: This channel is a bit of a mystery to me. It used to have a niche as a sort of Cliff Clavin channel: you know, for the general interest trivia mind-- programming on the imago stage of child development, poisonous reptiles, the Minoan civilization, Roman mosaics, classical biological warfare, the robber barons, volcanoes, that sort of thing. But now it has a lot of "fixing up the home" programming. Go figure what that means. AMC: Kind of Cool. Old Hollywood glamour with some original programming and commentary on the Gilded Age of Hollywood. This is like a channel put together by the editors of Variety looking backward. Vanity Fair should do a show here. Old school. FX: Not worth talking about. Maxim lite. Loads of testosterone. A warehouse for old Fox Tv shows. Married ... with Children repeats, anyone? We: Women's fantasy. Lots of Merchant-Ivory Brit productions of aristocrats who fall in love with common women, who are often middle aged American divorcees. Pure drivel. C-Span: For the ultra political science geek. Viewers tend to look like urlLink Michael Barone , wait anxiously for their New Republic copies to arrive, and chuckle over Senate voting record statistics. Can rattle off the precise wording of the Republican Party platform of 1964. Oxy: Very "sisterhood" oriented; Oprah and Gerry Laybourne's experiment has recently taken a sort of Sapphic detour of late with regard to their programming. National Geographic: Interesting and kind of cool. This is a channel about animals and exotic cultures and taboos. IFC: So earnest, so hip, so anti-Hollywood: yet as soon as Dinner for Five's indy star John Favreau gets to do a big shlocky Hollywood film like Elf , he jumps like a Cocker Spaniel being offered a dog yummy. Independent cinema is dead. TCM: This is a less hip AMC. This is like AMC with a broken hip. Lots of old movies with no irony or relevant commentary. Ovation: The Corsair has a theory that this is a piece of flotsam adrift on the vast media ocean that is digital television. They repeat the same ten or so programs ad nauseum. Is there anyone employed at Ovation? Did the programmer have a heart attack in the 80s? Did anyone notice? Is anyone watching? ESPNClassic: Oh, dear lord help us. Old men with beer bellies reliving "classic sports moments." (At this point, Bruce Springsteen's Glory Days should be playing). This is the tv channel Al Bundy would most likely be watching on his day off from the shoe store. SoapNet : This is ESPN Classics for the housewife. For those who missed an episode of urlLink One Life Too Live because the pesky rugrat swallowed a button. Imagine the inconvenience. Bon-bons are big advertisers. TVLand: Tries to be all retro-ironical, but street cred will not be forthcoming by running repeats of Bewitched and Sanford and Son , alone. Poor saps. The other networks have bought all the good old tv shows, leaving TV Land to contemplate Mayberry. Animal Planet: Television for committed vegans and PETA members. What kind of ad revenue do these guys generate? Pet detectives and other odd programming fill the bill. The Corsair has heard that lots of pet owners keep the channel on while they go to work. Sundance: An edgier IFC; very left wing political, but pure . Robert Redford's pet liberal project. While IFC pretends that they their directors will have the integrity to turn down 3 picture deals to make urlLink crappy Hollywood car-chase pictures , these guys really would rather do a documentary on Micronesian head hunters. So there . Trio: Perhaps the coolest channel of them all. What VH1 viewers will most likely watch after they all "sell out" (I didn't sell out, I bought in ) . Used to be a Canadian station, believe it or not, back in the day, with lots of Canadian mountie dramas. A station devoted to the sophisticated amateur sociologist interested in the decline of Western Civilization. In a detatched, ironic and witty manner, of course. NWI: A wrap up of all the international anti-American news agencies. Al Gore urlLink is having as much trouble buying this station as he had in Florida. Are you going to blame Nader for this too, Al? DiscoveryTimes: One of the strangest channels in the world. this is actually the New York Times' channel, but it is devoted to showing America militarized or in crisis, which, all told, are the moments when The Old Grey Lady was at its finest. Lots of Civil rights struggles, war footage, terrorism analysis, and --wierdest of all -- endless looks into our military academies. What the fuck?! FUSE: MTV's unsuccessful competitor for the extreme generation low attention span kiddie market, which is not saying much. VH1Classic: Could be interesting, as the X Generation is big on nostalgia, but right now this channel is not happening. USA: This is the sybil channel. It is high testosterone most of the year, but come holiday time it is all about the holidays... kinda like our dads. Style: If it is possible this is an even more shallow channel than E! Lots of C-List types talking about the beauty business. Hair care, weight loss, mascara ads predominate.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Sofia Coppola and Quentin Tarrantino , according to urlLink Gawker , ar an item. Fuck . I'll be the depressed blogger sucking down can after can of urlLink Sofia Blanc de Blanc. Looking like Woody Allen at the end of Crimes and Misdemeanors. I mean, what does QT have that I don't .. wait, don't answer that. Out : Bill Clinton Drama. According to urlLink The New York Magazine Intelligencer column this week , Clinton's memoirs may come out in August! Thus interfering with the Kerry campaign (unless --wink, wink -- Hilary is on the ticket -- wink, wink): " Bill Clintons long-awaited memoir may finally have a release date, and if so, its not good for the John Kerry campaign. A publishing source says the Random House book, most recently slated for June, will hit stores in August, after the July Democratic convention and less than three months before the electionand some Kerry supporters fear it may divert attention from their candidate. Clinton is addressing the Random House sales force this week. (Hes also agreed to speak at anti-Bush political organization MoveOn.orgs benefit on May 11 at the Apollo.) A source close to Clinton will say only that hes finishing up the book as fast as he canand that it could come out before the convention. Random House declined to comment." Damn. In : urlLink Paris Hilton, the new model for Guess ? Paris in the Fall ... campaign. We can now forget that whole urlLink porn business . Out : urlLink Wall Street Journal . Bad news for the paper. According to Jenny Bailly of urlLink Fashionwiredaily : " Mohamed Al Fayed's latest litigious move has gotten the green light. A High Court judge has ruled that Harrods can proceed with a defamation claim against Dow Jones and Company, owner of the Wall Street Journal . "Harrods boss Al Fayed took issue with a WSJ story published about the Knightsbridge department store on April 5, 2002, headlined 'The Enron of Britain?' In response to a press release issued in jest by Harrods on March 31, titled 'Al Fayed Reveals Plan to Float Harrods,' the financial paper warned that if the company ever went public, investors would be 'wise to question its every disclosure.' I guess the April Fool is the Journal. In : Eminem , the most metrosexual rapper ever. According to that significant cultural artifact urlLink Star Magazine 's Laura Schreffler , Em likes to urlLink pamper himself: "On April 12, during his European trip, reports say the 31-year-old rapper indulged in luxurious treatments at the spa in London's posh urlLink The Dorchester hotel , where he was staying. "Though a spokesman for The Dorchester Hotel wouldn't comment on Eminem's specific treatments, a staffer at the spa said he hit the tanning beds (which can cost up to $60 for a half-hour), the massage tables and pedicure baths -- accompanied by four big bodyguards who stood sentry outside the treatment rooms! Staffers say he was nice, sweet and friendly, 'nothing like you would expect.' "But Em's no stranger to pampering: Reports say he's also been seen in Hollywood's upscale urlLink Ole Henriksen Salon for pore-cleansing facials." Now, if only he could find something to rap with aromatherapy . Out : Vanity. Chris Matthews tried to pretend that his vanity is under control on the Chris Matthews Show on Sunday, but David Brooks, resident conservative at the Old Gray Lady was having none of it: Matthews : We're all gonna look at the back (index section) of the ( urlLink Bill Clinton bio ) and look under urlLink L for Lewinsky . Brooks : "Who are you kidding? You'll look under urlLink M for Matthews ." Accurate, David ... accurate. In : urlLink Lowculture's Doonesbury Send up . Goddamn the brilliance of the guys at Low Culture. Out : Omarosa. MSNBC's urlLink Jeanette Walls gets the scoop : "The much-loathed reject from 'The Apprentice' was scheduled to appear on 'Jimmy Kimmel Live' last week, but refused to go on air when she saw a lie detector test backstage. 'The lie-detector test wasnt even for her,' a spokeswoman for the show told the Scoop. 'It was intended for Jimmys Uncle Frank [a regular character on the show], but when Omarosa saw it, she just freaked. Some fellow contestants have accused Omarosa Manigault-Stallworth of lying when she said one of them used the N-word. 'We tried and tried to calm her down, but she just kept saying Im not going on stage with that lie detector test , then she just walked out. It could have been a problem because were a live show. Luckily, Camryn Manheim [of The Practice] was also a guest, and so she just stayed on a while longer and cracked jokes.'" You know you're in the cut when you can say you cracked jokes a little longer with Cameryn Manheim . In : urlLink Socialite's Life On Estee Lauders untimely death, "Middle-aged women everywhere are trying to keep their mascara from running today." urlLink We love Miu.

 Topic A: Jay McInerney's Ex Wife's Plastic Surgery Just what the fuck occurred with Tina Brown on last night's urlLink Topic A with Tina Brown ? Was it the urlLink book deal (Thanks, Gawker )? As she gave her " urlLink hot pick ," and she said goodnight, just before that sort of porny-speakeasy jazz music started wafting through the studio, and the credits rolled, she got a michievous twinkle about her eyes, then she leaned in to novelist-panelist urlLink Jay McInerney and asked about his ex wife, urlLink Helen Bransford , and her plastic surgery. And the fucking mike's were still live! Did Tina know what she was doing? urlLink Julie Breeson of Boston Magazine summed up the beginning of Bransford's facelift book thusly: "Helen Bransford, author of Welcome to Your Facelift (Doubleday, 1997) and wife of Bright Lights, Big City author Jay McInerney , took the plunge at 47, getting lipo under the chin, a forehead peel, an upper-eyelid tuck, dermabrasion (removing fine wrinkles through an abrasion tool), and a standard facelift, all at once. The chronicle of her surgery began with what she describes as a 'trigger event.' Her husband came home one night after interviewing Julia Roberts and raved about the actress' beauteous attributes. Helen was understandably jealous, but Jay reassured her he had told Julia all about her, leaving out only the pesky detail of her age (Helen is seven years older than Jay). This sent her running pell-mell to plastic surgeons across the nation for advice, ultimately having her operation done near her home in New York City." Despite the fact that Bransford wrote a urlLink book on her facelift , which is in the public record, Jay didn't feel like letting all 70 members of Tina's viewing audience (only kidding) in on his personal life. Obviously , Tina felt the topic was too personal to bring up during the show , even though one of the topics was urlLink The Swan and all those nutty reality plastic surgery shows. So, uh, why the fuck bring it up when the mikes are still live, where evil bloggers like me could post it online for all the world to see? "Now it seems so quaint that I would have (had) those reservations," he replied to Tina. And just as the show cut, bloated Brit urlLink Paul Theroux could be heard saying, " ... it's grotesque." Oh, what The Corsair would have given to have been a fly on the wall in the ensuing, uncensored, chat on plastic surgery. The UK Guardian's book section did a wondeful and snarky and gossipy profile of McInerney, which I reprint, in part, urlLink here , as he talks about life with his third wife, now ex-wife, Helen Branford : "( A new life was) marriage to Helen Bransford , and moving to Tennessee. But now that, too, is over. This again raises the question always asked by Jay-watchers: is he really a good boy pretending to be bad, or is he actually as bad - as callous and brattish - as he can sometimes seem? Naturally he has always favoured the former view, and said two years ago, 'I think I've been trying to prove I'm a really bad guy for 20 years, that I'm not a mother's boy. But part of me is stuck with being a Catholic boy who is slightly shocked by things.' Part of him - but perhaps a decreasing part. He once admitted that, as a teenager, he was deeply influenced by the Playboy 'Adviser' section and he still retains that slightly tacky notion of sophistication - he really has to have a beautiful woman on his arm. And the emotional detritus is piling up." Some people are deeply influenced by urlLink Nabokov , and others The Playboy Advisor. But what happens when one is influenced by Playboy Advisor?: "(Jay) says he's not behaved so badly. 'I don't think I've left a trail of urlLink weeping women in my wake. I mean, the number of serious relationships I've had has not been into double digits. Merry [his second wife] once said I was a very dangerous man, but I don't know many people who would agree with her. I think I have a much more tempestuous and eventful amorous life than the average middle-class citizen, but I wouldn't agree that I necessarily behaved dishonourably. The score is about equal between me and the opposite sex!' "Perhaps. His first wife, Linda Rossiter , was a half-Japanese model whom he met when he was living in Japan on a Princeton scholarship. The marriage lasted for precisely four months - she went off to the Milan collections and never came back. Then in 1981, while studying at Syracuse under urlLink Raymond Carver , he married a PhD student called Merry Reymond . He was still living with her when urlLink Bright Lights, Big City was published in 1984, and changed his life. He claims that no one thought he was handsome till he became a famous writer, but suddenly every door in New York was open to him, everyone was offering him cocaine, and models were passing him their phone numbers. It was exciting for him but confusing for Merry: 'She married a graduate student and woke up married to an MTV star.'" The Corsair munches on popcorn, riveted to the screen, at the thought of the 80s, models passing telephone numbers and half-Japanese models: "In 1987 he left her for a model, urlLink Marla Hanson , who was then headline news as a result of having had her face slashed by a mugger. Merry suffered acute depression, attempted suicide, and was in a psychiatric hospital for nine months. He paid the enormous bills, which wiped out his earnings from Bright Lights, and said, 'Yeah, I did feel guilty, but I paid a lot of money to expunge the guilt.' One of the best stories in How It Ended seems to relate to this period. It is about a famous actor going to visit his estranged wife in a psychiatric home, and wondering why he keeps delaying their divorce. 'Sometimes he suspected he was afraid to let go because she was the only person who wouldn't allow him to reinvent himself completely, into something bright and shiny and superficial... [She] was perhaps his best chance to remember and preserve the best of what he had been.' "So he was slow to divorce Merry and never got round to marrying Marla Hanson , though they stayed together for four years. He remembers it as 'a very obsessive relationship, throwing glasses at each other, cheating on each other. It was very exciting.' But she left him in 1991, walking out with her portfolio and her diaphragm, just like his first wife. Within days, he rang an old friend, Helen Bransford , asked her out, and suddenly they were in love and married three weeks later at City Hall. She came from a very grand old Tennessee family (the family seat, Belle Meade, is now a museum) and he seems to have fallen in love with the South as much as with her. They bought a country ranch near Nashville, and he signed off from New York with his big valedictory novel Brightness Falls . His next novel, The Last of the Savages, was set in the South, and the interviews he gave on publication were all about horses, heirlooms, ancestors, and revealed a hitherto-unsuspected vein of snobbery. He claimed, 'I always wanted to live in the world that I have ended up living in.'" The Corsair mouths the words, softly, reverently, "I always wanted to live in the world that I have ended up living in," pausing on the syllables, trying them on for size. The profile in urlLink the Guardian continues : "But the Tennessee idyll was already flawed. Helen was 43 when they married - seven years older than him - and warned him that they might not be able to have children. He said he honestly didn't mind. But when she became pregnant within weeks of marrying him, he seemed to share her delight. Then she had a miscarriage. Then she had four more miscarriages. Then she turned to IVF. But her eggs were too old, and her uterus too old to carry the baby to term. Most women, I imagine, would have given up at this point, but she didn't. A friend of hers called Jesse, a country and western singer, offered to donate eggs, and Helen advertised for a surrogate mother to carry the baby. She found a waitress who was willing to do it for $15,000. Thus, with Jay's sperm, her friend's eggs, and her employee's womb, Helen created the twins, Maisie and John Barrett McInerney III . But it was touch and go. The waitress refused to give up smoking, much to Helen's fury, and then developed diabetes and kept going into labour. The twins were eventually born three months prematurely, weighing less than 2lb each, and had to spend 10 weeks in incubators. Helen wrote a gripping account of the whole saga for American Vogue ." Wait ... first she chronicles the "saga" of childbirth to twins in Vogue , then her facelift? Okay, (takes a breath, munches some popcorn), I just needed to puzzle that out ... let's continue : "Jay's role at first was hardly more than sperm donor and bemused spectator. He'd always assumed he would be a father one day, but he was in no hurry. 'I never really cared that much. I just didn't get it until I saw them [the twins] and held them and got to know them.' The twins were born in 1995, the year he turned 40, and lost his own father - it should have marked the end of his long restless adolescence. "But the next year there was an odd little warning sign that all was not quite perfect in the marriage. Helen had a facelift. She decided to do it, she said, because when Jay came back from interviewing Julia Roberts he remarked, 'I told her all about you. Well, everything but your age.' It was the first sign, to Helen, that the seven-year age gap was a problem - a problem for Jay, she thought. So off she went and had a facelift, and wrote an article, and then a book, about it. Jay said he felt 'a little embarrassed. But I have to say that I've benefited from it. She looks great, as good as she did when I first met her 14 years ago.' "He once said that what attracted him to Helen was that 'She was so cool, like a guy.' She was the first woman he'd lived with who was not emotionally needy or wounded in some way. 'And,' he now adds, 'who wasn't emotionally unbalanced. Maybe that's one of the reasons why our separation is so amicable. She's not threatening to stab me in my sleep or stab any future girlfriends in my life!'" So amicable, after the facelift ... hmmm. Most curious. "But surely having a facelift and going to all those lengths to have children suggest that she was needy, or at least that she was worried about ageing? 'Well. I never quite understood those decisions. Neither of those decisions were pacts that I was in agreement with. Those were not moments of great concord , so I don't know how to answer for those decisions. Helen is a great eccentric - and I say that affectionately. I don't think anyone else would have had quite that response to that set of problems.'" Surely. " Significantly , his next novel, urlLink Model Behavior , published in 1998, was set again in New York and marked what one critic called 'a return to the shallow end'. He had grown bored with country life, and was spending more and more time in their New York apartment, so eventually Helen moved there with the twins, bought an adjacent apartment (from Stephen Fry , who seldom used it) and tried to make a family home. Helen said it was fine for him to go out partying till three in the morning, as long as he didn't expect her to accompany him." The Corsair audibly gasps, all wrapped up in McInerney's life: " Inevitably , this soon provoked rumours that Jay was having affairs, though he insists that's not the reason they split up - 'We were having our own problems, all by ourselves.' One basic problem was that Helen wanted to be in Nashville and he wanted to be in New York. Helen had done New York in her twenties and thirties and wanted to get out - 'She didn't feel she needed all the social desperation, I guess.' Whereas he felt he belonged - 'It's my place, you know? It's the only place I've ever felt entirely at home. There's a wonderful fantasy element to life in Tennessee, and it was something I wanted to try but I don't think it was ultimately the life for me.'" Inevitably. "They officially separated (in 2000), but Jay says the real crisis was (1999). Of course, he'd been through divorce before, but not when there were children. 'Children change everything,' he sighs. 'That's what makes it essentially really awful - that was what gave us both such trouble and regrets. And the resolution is somewhat melancholy, but at the same time I'm so relieved that there is some resolution, and so is Helen. We both get along much better now - we started as really great friends and that's what we've reverted to, and it seems to work very well.' He visits the children two or three times a month and recently went on holiday with them. The other day he accompanied Helen to a party in Nashville, which he says shocked some of their friends. Jesse , the biological mother of the twins, is still angry with him. 'She might be a little down on me - one always has to blame somebody - but I think she'll get over that. Because Helen is so incredibly non-judgemental that her friends are coming around now.'" Damn ... Jesse's down on Jay, The Corsair writes that on his scorecard, then continues: "But last year, he says, was 'a terrible, terrible year for me'. What made it so terrible was that he suffered writer's block - something that had never happened to him before and that he thought never would. 'With so much of my life in turmoil, I just couldn't settle in a place where I could concentrate. I couldn't get enough distance when my mind was so consumed by this life crisis, and I was really stuck for a while. I'm very happy that's over.'" Okay, I'm only going to make one comment before directing you to the Guardian site to read the whole fantastic story urlLink here , which I went on from at length. Do I have this correct: The writer's block was the only point in this story that really caused him angst , the writer's block is that which really fucked up his year, like, not the girlfriend who was mugged and slashed , or the twins in Tennessee, or the case of the needless facelift, or even Jesse? (when is someone going to care about Jesse?) Blame it on the Playboy Advisor.

 FashionwireDaily: Amy Spindler's Celebration urlLink Merle Ginsberg covered the Amy Spindler celebration at The Rainbow Room for Fashionwire Daily. Check it out urlLink here for the full story . I'll summarize: Attending : "Karl Lagerfeld, Graydon Carter, urlLink Anna Wintour , Patrick McCarthy, Etta Froio, Ed Nardoza, Bridget Foley, Linda Wells, Ingrid Sischy, urlLink Cathy Horyn , Gerald Marzorati, Martha Nelson, Andy Port, designers urlLink Donna Karan , Diane von Furstenberg, Helmut Lang, Miguel Adrover, Richard Tyler, Michael Kors, urlLink Isaac Mizrahi , fashion titans Rosemary Bravo, Marion Greenberg, Ed Filipowski, Lisa Sheik and fashion writers Hal Rubenstein, Billy Norwich, urlLink Andr Leon Talley , Lynn Hirschberg and fashion industry luminaries Anne McNally, Brana Wolf, Elizabeth Saltzman, Candy Pratts Price, Kelly Klein, Elizabeth Stewart, urlLink Barry Diller , Tom Ford, urlLink Elton John , Suzy Menkes, urlLink Stella McCartney and Hollywood heavies like Bryan Lourd, Kevin Huvane and Stephen Huvane" urlLink Ginsberg continues: "Some words spoken in Amys honor: " Ingrid Sischy "Were celebrating Amys total embrace of life, her wildness, and the rays of sunshine that she brought our lives. Amys life was a big one." " Elizabeth Stewart "Amy always had opinions. She either loved or hated. She loved a good steak, salty things especially language maps of the movie stars homes, the NY Times (she thought the rest of the paper occasionally had some good stuff), urlLink Krispy Kremes , urlLink Da Silvano , and pissing me off. She hated waiting, friendly waiters, long boring speeches, and being sick. " Tom Ford "Amy was tenacious, stubborn, opinionated and brilliant. urlLink Passion was the center of her being. She lived life in double time. Her mind was so urlLink nimble , I had a hard time keeping up with her." " Diane von Furstenberg "Did Amy know her journey would be so short? Is that why she read so much, loved so much? We must honor her life every day. We must be strong, intelligent, glamorous, of course. Amy was always inspired. Amy was all about urlLink courage . " Graydon Carter "She was like a urlLink Howard Hawkes heroine ." " Adam Moss "But she was never intimidating." Got to urlLink Fashionweekdaily for the whole story.

 The White, Black, Gray, and, now, Thin White Album The Thin White Duke David Bowie is allowing fans to "mash up" any two of his songs together for a new contest, according to Reuters. EMI's cease-and-decist order to the hit mash up " The Grey Album " recently made the news. Reuters writes: "Singer David Bowie has invited his fans to mix two of his songs together, extending a hand of friendship to underground bootlegging enthusiasts. "The rocker, currently touring with his 26th album 'Reality,' has invited his supporters to splice a song from the album with any other track from his back catalog as part of a six-week contest. "Bowie is on the panel of judges who will pick a winner and runners-up from among a publicly voted shortlist of entrants."

 Minnie Driver Wants A Record Deal According to urlLink TeenHollywood.com (via urlLink Ananova ), urlLink Minnie Driver wants a record deal. The site says: "The Hollywood actress - who is also a talented singer and songwriter - is desperate to sign a recording contract before her new movie, 'The Phantom of the Opera', hits cinemas. "She revealed: 'I just want to get a little independent deal. But I have to get my record out before the movie comes out - because otherwise people will think I'm an opera singer!' "As well as trying to land a record deal, Minnie also presented the Best Male Video prize at the urlLink Flame Worthy Music Awards in Nashville, Tennessee. "The 'Good Will Hunting' actress recently performed at the South By Southwest music festival in Los Angeles." urlLink E!Online said of her performance at the time: "Actors-turned-singers failed to amaze: urlLink Julie Delpy's set of plodding songs dragged on and urlLink Minnie Driver's pop-rock never quite got in tune, even though she wore a cowboy hat and everything." Does Minnie Driver have what it takes? Comment here or urlLink here .

