 Death Is Photogenic A poem about everything photogenic [ KEYWORDS : war, terrorism, violence in movies, Iraq prison torture pictures, war on terrorism, WMD, President George Bush, Tony Blair, US, UK, Iraq, Afghanistan, gulf war , download images of death, download death clips, dead body pictures, twin towers, 9/11, kashmir, kargil, download death games, games of death, death games, blood, violence, rape, violent and sex, sex crimes, criminals, criminal psychology, rising crimes, capital punishment, movies do not make criminals, they make criminals more creative, wounds, gun shot, killing, kill, killed, body count, WMD Joke, bomb blasts, land mines, famine, droughts, malnutrition, cannibals, violent movies, anger, rage, graphic scenes, viewers descretion is advised, adult and mature content ] Please select the sitemeter icon to check the statistics for referrals, people do search the net with these keywords. The Forgotten Word : V I C T I M (?) The rising sun is black The morning sky is red Red, dark red and blood red Crows and vultures all over in the sky Bodies, bodies and bodies on the ground Dead bodies, cold bodies, blue bodies Wow! What a Scene? It would look so good on the screen Isn't it fantastic? Death is Photogenic A psycho is on the front page A psycho is on the Prime Time Sexy babe in the shower A psycho is behind her A hand , a knife , a scream Blood...Water, Water...Blood, Blood...Water How exiting ! Isn't it fantastic? Death is Photogenic The morning paper doesn't taste good No gory pictures, no fleshy food food for thought or food for fun Didn't they find any death today? Don't tell me that nobody died today? Those spicy body counts and mourning faces Goes Well, goes well with the morning coffee and cookies Oh! I miss it, I miss it, I miss it Isn't it fantastic? Death is Photogenic News at 9am News at 9pm Death is On Air Lets all tune our TV sets For crazy crowds and mad police Teens with guns and Mothers with tears Devils with courage and innocents with fears Audience still get bored Networks fighting for more More More More More Isn't it fantastic? Death is Photogenic Hey have you seen the latest online death? Death with high resolution Death in funny animation Games, Games of Death, the Death Games, deadly games Movie Clips, Clips of Death, the Death clips, deadly movies Download, Download the death It's free, it's free, it's free Isn't it fantastic? Death is Photogenic Death rules the tinsel town Winning villains and dying clowns 8mm death... 16mm death... 35mm death Death is in color Death is in Surround Sound Close ups, crazy angles and more graphic as if, if you won't see it you will miss it Commercials show it a lot Arties show it better Isn't it fantastic? Death is Photogenic Hey, Tell me Dude What would you do? If it comes to you? IF..................... Death is not for you Death is about you When you are not biting your nails in exitement When you are 'The Nails' When the death is not just a chilling Observation When you are being 'Observed' When death is not just a story When you are 'The Victim' When death is not a just horrifying sound When it's your "Last Cry' When it's your "Last Cry" When i'ts your "own " "Last Cry" Isn't it fantastic? Death is Photogenic

 Friends My friend Dont worry You can tell me.. Breath Easy Relax There is poison in the air.

 One More... One more Day One more Religion One more God One more Godman One more Believer One more Follower may be a Human... Some Time.... Some Day

 Punish God please punish them B'cos they know what they are doing And what about you...?

 Thank God! From the day we are born We start dying Thank God! You are not that Stupid!

 Man and Animal Man is a thinking animal, indeed Animals are just animals From ages..they are nothing .. But animals Man thought Thought deeply And then..chose Chose to become an Animal

 Like Me When I cry They Laugh When I laugh They cry Oh God! They are same Like me

 Day Dreams Empty pockets, tattered jeans He polishes shoes for living Polishes hard for shining Wishes that the shine of shoes ...may enter in his life too stupid... Day Dreams...Day Dreams..Day Dreams

 Success Such a long journey Such a long road I cannot see my path Can see only some heads Heads are down Down with shame Down with pain Pain is killing Killing their dreams Dreams are small Small ..still far Far is the destiny Destiny is sold Sold to previleged ones Privileged ones do not walk If you are walking You'll always walk Rember life is too cruel And Success Is By Invitation Only.

 IBM introduces masala From urlLink NewsFactor IBM has unveiled Masala, a new database technology that boosts productivity by integrating corporate data from a wide array of sources. The system uses automated features and search technology to allow users to access and manage data from e-mails, spreadsheets, text files, voicemail and other sources using a single tool. urlLink MASALA Q&A FROM IBM What is Project Masala? Project Masala is the next wave of IBM information integration capabilities being developed to help clients grapple with the issue of getting the most value out of their existing information assets. What are we announcing? Search is a fundamental capability within a company&rsquo;s information management infrastructure. Masala provides advanced search capabilities to be released this year in DB2 Information Integrator. How does Masala search compare to internet search services? Internet search services are concentrated on the needs of the consumer Internet market; whereas IBM is focused on the unique pain points of enterprise users who need to quickly find relevant corporate content. What is the business problem we are trying to solve? Businesses lose money when relevant business information is unavailable to employees. IBM is targeting the core issue of finding the right information, to the right people without the IT complexity of existing solutions. How does Masala search relate to other search initiatives within IBM ? WebSphere Portal provides basic search capabilities for Portal content. Masala adds broader content access, scaling to support larger implementations (500K+ documents), and is enabled for rich text analysis. DB2 Content Manager Masala search provides native functionality to search both rich text documents and metadata for files stored in DB2 Content Manager along with other enterprise content. DB2 Net Search Extender provides high-speed, scalable, integrated full-text search capabilities to DB2 Universal Database. Masala provides search for text documents stored in DB2 Universal Database and other enterprise data sources. How is Masala search related to WebFountain? Masala and WebFountain share technologies but serve different needs. WebFountain is a hosted solution focused on advanced analytics for the internet, while Masala provides search and analytics capabilities for enterprise content. Related Links : * urlLink Search, Integration in the 'Masala' Mix For IBM * urlLink IBM VP: 'Stinger,' 'Masala' Will Make Most of Data Flood

 Lemonade My tears taste salty I don't need a bloody lemonade Just , cry and chill

 A site dedicated to kalpana chawla urlLink Kalpana Chawla In Space

 Indian Advertising Industry portal urlLink AgencyFAQ!

 Opensource is present even in Indian President's agenda Our esteemed Indian President A.P.J. Abdul Kalam has again proved that he is a true visionary. In his recent speech at urlLink International Institute of Information Technology in the university city of Pune insisted the use of Opensource technologies. He further added that open-source software offers developing nations such as India the best opportunity to modernize. Read the urlLink News on News.com Read the urlLink transcript at official president of India urlLink website It is very much true that India which is a developing country and major provide of Information Technology Intellect to the entire world must start focussing on the opensource movement not from the point of view of individual programmers and uses but as a country. Indian educational institutes are already showing the initiative by incorporating the opensource in the syllabus, the students are also encouraged to take up opensource projects. On top of it, Indian government and large institutions like banks, etc have started recognizing opensource in their official IT Tenders. The only thing which is required is to change the attitude towards the opensource ... " Opensource is not cheap alternative, It is the serious alternative".

 IndiaCause - Analysis & Activism urlLink IndiaCause .... " - is Representation of Indians in North America and across the world. This movement was founded in fall of 2000 with objective of creating social awareness and sense of national pride among Indians. There are about 7,000 members on our mailing list. Our first mission is to defeat following three enemies of India: 1. Pakistan sponsored terrorism in J&K and related Anti-India propaganda. 2. Anti-India bias by Western Media 3. 'PSEUDO-Secularism in India' that divides India on religious lines." - Taken from India Cause Web site.

 LETS GGOOOO TO HACK GOOOOGLE urlLink Zednet Uk news points that urlLink Google could be five times faster and mentions about a team at Stanford University who have found a method to speed up PageRank, Stanford researchers have developed a trio of techniques based on a branch of mathematics called numerical linear algebra. These methods are described in their three papers. Now this can be little bit of GOOGLYYYY when you read all of the article about "Page Rank" and all that stuff. urlLink Reasearch Buzz who have all sort of tricks (hacks) to do with urlLink Google moreover they are quick, dirty and simple. GOOO get it at urlLink BuzzToolBox

 Indian Prime Minister is retiring :-O Indian Prime Minister made headlines today by declaring that urlLink " I will retire and accept defeat" if his current peace initiative with Pakistan fails...I can't believe this... what a great sacrifice he is going to make for the country. He is still in his sweet 80s a decades of political career remaining. What a great loss to our country. I am sad but I am too old to retire as I am 27 YEARS OLD.

 Why do we blog ?. My own reasons, I may be wrong but I have the right to speak. Not so serious reasons:- 1) Because we all like to talk and what's better than talking... and listening to the same again and again and making it immortal on some web page. 2) By blogging we want to confirm that we are superior and not so really idiot like every other idiot except me. 3) The HTML exists, the web exists, browsers come by default, internet access is cheap, blogging sites are free, office time is free, mind is also free... and so and on. some other rare reasons : 1) It's a killer knowledge tool. 2) Generate great thoughts 3) It confirms the thought of like-minded people. 4) There are "very few" good people on this earth who should really speak but media like films, television and now even newspapers are more about " blood, boobs and butts". But heay ! you can meet these people on the net, blogging. 5) It is a harmless, peaceful and most constructive method of expression. 6) It's simple, sexy and cool.

 Technology, Internet, Music, Movies, Poems & any *!@#^%$ thing that comes in my mind.

 .com Hot Wired Template Get some good templates urlLink here and the template used at my blog - HotWired Nostalgia Template.

 Psychometric or Behavioural Assessment The conventional method of recruitment process is more of a technical process and does not give any assessment of the candidate from the psychic point of view. That is you cannot judge whether a person who claims to be a very patient person is really patient, a candidate claiming to be friendly is really friendly and a person claiming to be team player is really a team player. To overcome the shortfall of the traditional recruitment process the latest buzzword found is : PSYCHOMETRIC or BEHAVIOURIAL testing. Comapnies like Microsoft, Texas Instruments, Dell, GE, AOL, Siemens are all implementing these tests in their recruitment process. Mr. Murlidhar S, director of urlLink MeritTrac , a comptency assessment company says that, "Psychometric assessment completes the selection process along with the ability and skills/knowledge tests. This is the current buzz in the BPO industry, where the call agent has to demonstrate a great deal of patience & empathy while handling a customer call." The emphasis in now given on the 'emotional intelligence' and candidates are now being evaluated for their 'real' personality characteristics, interpersonal style and job specific aptitude. But what about companies using the buzz words 'equal opportunity employer', 'annual assessment', 'annual appraisals', 'performace linked incentives', 'healthy environment' etc. etc. Think about it.

 Young Indian Achievers BHUSHAN MAHADIK (16, Expertise Physical Chemistry) a student of Father Agnel Junior College, Vashi. His synthesis of nanotubes used in capacitors from vegetable oils won him four awards in the urlLink Intel sponsored International Science & Engineering Fair 2003 in Cleveland .In the same event MATHILI DAVE (16, Expertise in Medicine), a student of Srimati Sulochanadevi Singhania School, Thane won two awards for her research on use of coconut flowers to stop uterine bleeding. The dua has planned a great scientific future for themselves, Maithili wants to go in for bio-chemistry and genetics, Bhushan is plannin gfor chemical engineering or research. Maithili has even filed for a patent, while Bhushan is in the planning stage. On the other hand : A IIT STUDENT DESIGNS A WHEELCHAIR THAT CAN CLIMB STAIRS - RAJAT SHAIL SINGH (26, Master of Design - Product Design), a student of Industrial Design Centre (IDC) at urlLink IIT, Mumbai has designed ASCENDER, a wheelchair that can negotiate the stairs. The estimated cost is Rs.10,000 to Rs.15,000 very cheap and cost effective as compared to the foreign motorised wheelchairs which are very expensive. Cheers!

 testing

 MOBY ON FUNDAMENTALISM Fundamentalism (of any kind) troubles me. The world is too big and too intricate to conform to our ideas of what it should be like. In my experience I've found that most fundamentalists aren't so much attached to their professed ideologies as they are to the way in which these ideologies try to make sense of a confusing world. But the world is confusing, and just because we invent myths and theories to explain away the chaos we're still going to live in a world that's older and more complicated than we'll ever understand. So many religious and political and scientific and social systems fail in that they try to impose a rigid structure onto what is an inherently ambiguous world. I'm not suggesting that we stop trying to understand things. Trying to understand the world can be fun and, at times, helpful. But if we base our belief systems on the humble assumption that the complexities of the world are ontologically beyond our understanding, then maybe our belief systems will make more sense and end up causing less suffering. urlLink MOBY urlLink MOBY is a world renowned Techno musician, the same man behind that famous MISSION IMPOSSIBLE theme music. He is a vegeterian by choice and maintains great essays and article about god, religion, fundamentalism, intolerance & humantiy that you MUST READ. And I forgot to mention he maintains a JOURNAL (BLOG) from a long time, Go to urlLink MOBY.COM

 GURURAJ DESHPANDE ON ENTREPRENEURSHIP The Indiatimes urlLink article quotes Deshpande in a recent Delhi meeting of urlLink TiE where he comments on the spirit of entreprenurship.... &#8220;entrepreneurs must have a little childishness in them.&#8221; He must be right. Given the current economic downturn and continuing IT downslide, it&rsquo;s only the most die-hard and, in a way, na&iuml;ve entrepreneur who would venture out and bet his shirt on a new technology product or service others might find laughable or &lsquo;too impractical.&rsquo; Deshpande likened the entrepreneur to the kid who cannot sleep until he gets his hands on the new bicycle promised to him by mommy in the morning.In India besides many other, DESH has invested in urlLink Tejas Networks whos performance is quite appreciable in the Optical Networking segment.

 RICHARD STALLMAN ON SCO VS LINUX EGAN ORION on urlLink THE INQUIRER has posted a artcile "Richard Stallman on SCO versus Linux...Er, we mean GNU/Linux & in turn it conatins the artcile none other than by Father of Free Software Movement - Mr. Richard Stallman , the article titles "SCO smear campaign can't defeat GNU community" He discusses the lawsuit, the unix, linux and gnu linux confusion and his stand on the same. If you want to listen to the god, be there.

 US REWARDS PAKISTAN FOR CONTINUING TERRORISM IN INDIA Pakistan has publically acknowledged that their influence exists on the the terroists activities in India. President Bush, the democratically elected president has been casually asking the dictator of Pakistan to resolve the Pakistan-India-Kashmir issue and stop the terrorism. But recently since the Pakistan has contributed and helped US target Al-Qaida and US's millitary effort in Afgahanistan. Though it might be a different issue that this was as pathetic as recent "Gulf War" because Laden is not found Saddam is not found. WAR for US is a big business, it won't be surprise to find out that US had fought these war only for the sake of "rest of the world". Laden and Saddam may be enjoying the life somewhere funded by US, the solution is simple... if somebody becomes uncomfortable to the public eye, say that you are killing him and hide him. Am I talking like a idiot, if you know that how JFK was asassinated and for which cause, you will find that I am just putting forward a very possible thing. Coming back to the issue, Read urlLink Editorial : Significant US package for Musharraf ' s Pakistan - Daily Times, urlLink US may repair, upgrade Pak's F-16s - Times of India. What very pious and ignorant Musharraf is offering: urlLink No guarantee on stopping infiltration in India and urlLink advice to USA. And our great Indian Prime Minister is planning to send Indian Troops to Iraq, the result as predicted by me : Pat on (pakistan's) back, grant to pakistan, advice to India and small mention for the martyr soldiers somewhere where it would be as good as invisible. Bravo India, bravo...

 US REWARDS PAKISTAN FOR CONTINUING TERRORISM IN INDIA Pakistan has publically acknowledged that their influence exists on the the terroists activities in India. President Bush, the democratically elected president has been casually asking the dictator of Pakistan to resolve the Pakistan-India-Kashmir issue and stop the terrorism. But recently since the Pakistan has contributed and helped US target Al-Qaida and US's millitary effort in Afgahanistan. Though it might be a different issue that this was as pathetic as recent "Gulf War" because Laden is not found Saddam is not found. WAR for US is a big business, it won't be surprise to find out that US had fought these war only for the sake of "rest of the world". Laden and Saddam may be enjoying the life somewhere funded by US, the solution is simple... if somebody becomes uncomfortable to the public eye, say that you are killing him and hide him. Am I talking like a idiot, if you know that how JFK was asassinated and for which cause, you will find that I am just putting forward a very possible thing. Coming back to the issue, Read urlLink Editorial : Significant US package for Musharraf &rsquo; s Pakistan - Daily Times, urlLink US may repair, upgrade Pak's F-16s - Times of India. What very pious and ignorant Musharraf is offering: urlLink No guarantee on stopping infiltration in India and urlLink advice to USA. And our great Indian Prime Minister is planning to send Indian Troops to Iraq, the result as predicted by me : Pat on (pakistan's) back, grant to pakistan, advice to India and small mention for the martyr soldiers somewhere where it would be as good as invisible. Bravo India, bravo...

 WHERE THERE IS ELECTION, THERE IS LOTS OF MONEY In India corporates provide fund the politicians so that they break the law, but in US its heigher level. Big Biz fund the elections so that the "favourable" laws and policies are made which are beneficial to their business. urlLink OpenSecrets.org provides a good statistics of the past urlLink 2000 US presidential elections .

 ANTIWAR.COM urlLink Anti war , is anti war as the name suggests and to be painfully clear. Find everything about the war. It is the best source anti war news, viewspoints & activities (claimed by the site). The information is really overwhelming, see for yourself and find the truth about USA, UK, Predident Bush, President Blair and even if the world is still searching WMD, you can find lots of WMD stuff here and visit the urlLink "THE WMD CULT" also.

 LINUX & OPENSOURCE NEWS UPDATES Intellectual-property expert Richard Wilder says the liability issues raised by SCO's Linux lawsuit will force distributors and developers to rethink assumptions about open-source software, IP rights and customer protection. urlLink >Read Open Source Time of Truth In an aggressive move that could have a profound effect on open-source software and the Unix arena, The SCO Groupwhich owns rights to Unixhas issued a warning that Linux is an unauthorized derivative of Unix. The company also says that users of Linux may face legal liability. urlLink Read More The above stance of SCO drew the wrath of the Open Source Initiative (OSI), as shown in a paper online at urlLink www.opensource.org/sco-vs-ibm.html . OSI's argument is that the lineage of Unix variants extends in directions beyond what SCO owns the rights to. The paper contends: "We wrote our Unix and Linux code as a gift and an expression of art. We did not write it to have it appropriated by men so dishonorable that after making a profit from our gift for eight years they could insult our competence." UK Govt warned urlLink Dont Buy GPL SCO urlLink says : It has revoved IBM's licence for UNIX. Please visit the respective links for full story, I have only provided the pointers.

 ci INDIAN SOLDIERS COMES VERY CHEAP FOR USA Since urlLink British troops are getting killed in Iraq our Indian government is planning that India should also join them. Indian soldiers should also get killed for the cause. It is a very little surprise that just before the war House had resolved against the war, the same is pointed out by the opposition party urlLink "Troops to Iraq to violate House resolution: Opp" . VP Singh and Gujral whos political career only allows them to pass comments are also urlLink against sending the troops to Iraq . And what's the bargain?- urlLink India could seek berth in G8 for sending troops to Iraq . Ofcourse, the quickgun BJP is taking the mileage out of it by yelling the slogan urlLink "Strong India" . The conclusion...the blood of Indian soldiers is cheap, they died in Kargil, they are dying on LOC and now they will die in Iraq. What's the difference, if we were against the WAR initially... can't we do this small thing for President Bush. Lets join urlLink "THE WMD CULT"

 LINUX NEWS UPDATES urlLink Wired reports that experts at a United Nations-sponsored event touted the need for low cost open source Linux to help stimulate the economies of developing nations, i.e " urlLink Developing World Needs LINUX " "These (Developing) countries need cheap and efficient technology to make the giant leaps necessary to catch up with the rest of the world," said Bruno Lanvin from the World Bank. "Many are now using Linux, which looks to become the No. 1 operating system in China and India soon." Business Week columnist Alex Salkever urlLink dropped the bomb last week that next year, "Linux should pass Apple in market share for desktop operating systems on computers." Read urlLink Flipping the Switch : Linux's new popularity may hurt Apple more than Microsoft.By Paul Boutin on Slate And why should Linus Torvalds, the founder and lead developer of the Linux open-source operating system, should stop himself by putting some strong views about the legal dispute between The SCO Group and IBM, He urlLink shares his views with eWEEK Senior Editor Peter Galli in an e-mail exchange last week.

 WMD NEWS UPDATES WMD, PRESIDENT BUSH urlLink CIA Chief to Stand by Iraq WMD Report at Hearing urlLink Spooks Said Iraq WMD Use Unlikely urlLink WMD: Intelligence Without Brains urlLink Campbell will be quizzed on WMD reports after U-turn urlLink Full text: Straw's letter to WMD inquiry urlLink Campbell to face WMD inquiry after all urlLink Campbell to face Iraq weapons quiz urlLink US evidence on Iraqi WMD "shaky": Blix urlLink Blix Criticizes US for Lack of WMD Evidence urlLink US decision on Iraq WMD hasty: Blix urlLink New poll finds disinterest in Iraq's WMD urlLink Blair's 'spin doctor' to front WMD probe I M TIRED NOW, LETS DO MORE WMD SOME OTHER TIME

 BLOGGING : IS BLOGGING A CREATIVE ACTIVITY? urlLink Tony Buzan is the world-renowned inventor of urlLink Mind Maps and the multi-million copy bestselling author of Use Your Head, Use your Memory and the Mind Map Book. His web site urlLink Creativity Web suggests some urlLink 10 ways to Kickstart your creativity and do you know what's #1 in the list, yes its JOURNALING. Now we bloggers have gone even ahead with this journaling concept. We have made the Journaling an environmentally friendly experience too by saving the paper and going completely electronic. You can quote me on this, lets start... "Blogging is a creative experience and it's environment friendly too" - Santoshkumar, The Great

 INDIA JOBS UPDATE urlLink Intel has some great plans for India and some great jobs too. Intel India is looking for Project Managers/Enginerring Managers, Application Developers (Web/SAP-ABAP/Microstragey), System Analysts (Web/SAP), Technical Leads (Datawarehousing) and Systems Engineers (SAP BASIS/ORacle DBA). Apply with Intel India urlLink Here . urlLink Thinksoft requires Software Testing Professionals, Test Managers and Business Analysts. urlLink ProcessMind requires people in Process Consulting / Business Process Analysis / Business Process Re-engineering in financial/insurance/BPO segment. urlLink ORACLE is having some exiting opportunities in Bangalore & Hyderabad and they are conducting interviews in Sunday, 29th June 2003. The opportunities are for ERP Professionals: HRMS, Manufacturing & Financial; Oracle Database Administrators, Oracle Application DBAs for their India Support Center. For more information check out Monday 23, Times Accent or check out the respective web sites for complete information and more opportunities.

 VIRTUAL ONLINE TOUR OF TAJMAHAL This is your last chance baby. Taj Mahal may be only VIRTUAL in the near future. Why don't you visit urlLink Taj-Mahal.Net . I can predict that this site is having an excellent FUTURE. Venture capitalists invest the future of this ONLINE TAJ 'cos the REAL TAJ may be no more, very soon. Click NOW, IT's FREE.

 TAJ MAHAL IS DYING urlLink TAJ MAHAL may die very soon because some smart asses in the government of India thought that visitors & tourists of TAJ desperately needed some shopping, eating and entertainment experience around Taj Mahal which is such a dull and useless place. How about Mc Donald's or Pizza Hut right next to Taj? or having the wonderful experience of buying your Jockey underwears in front of Taj? How exiting?. Actually these brilliant asses might have thought of having this all "inside" the Taj, but some idiots around the world call it "HERITAGE" site and consider it as some kind of "WONDER". Otherwise you could have bhajiyas & samosas along with coke and pepsi inside Taj. Instead of you having the memories of Taj, Taj would have your farts and burrps as your memories. But any way... the brilliant plan was then modified and constructed "around" Taj. Now you will be able to see some real good concrete beauty around Taj, the mix and match of HERITAGE & and NEW AGE NUISANCE. This construction work is supposed to be going on since November 2002 or May 03 can't say for sure, .... but since Taj is a heritage site nobody noticed it (IGNORANCE IS BLISS!), neither UP Chief Minister nor the central government (?). The construction plan was started without discussing with environment minsitry and acheological department (AMAZING, AS WONDERFUL AS TAJ ITSELF). When these BUSY (?) CENTRAL GOVT. was shown the work around Taj, the so called heritage structure, they took the very quick step of urlLink stopping the construction work In urlLink Aaj Tak TV news presentations one of the govt. official only admitted that since some construction, a kind of dam like thing whcih will increase the flow of YAMUNA river towards TAJ MAHAL. urlLink TAJ MAHAL was built by Mogul Emperor Shah Jahan as a monument to his love for his favorite wife, Mumtazmahal, who died while giving birth to their 14th child. An army of 20,000 stone masons, gem cutters, marble fitters and laborers toiled for 22 years to build the stunning white-marble monument. . THE BRILLIANT PROJECT The tourism complex would be a 2-kilometer (1.25-mile) corridor filled with shopping malls, amusement parks and restaurants on the banks of the Yamuna River which flows behind the Taj. The development would stand just 300 meters (330 yards) from the world-famous monument. BRAVO! OOPS WE DID IT AGAIN Jagmohan told the Indian Express that permission had not been obtained from his ministry, which is responsible for the upkeep of historical monuments. He said the project violated India's Archaeological Sites and Remains Act of 1958. It is not clear which government department approved the 1.75 billion rupee (US$40 million) project. CLAP CLAP CLAP. India is such a large country with so many listed and not listed so called heritage sites that these kind of things can happen. And where politicians are busy in pure and pious politics and beaurocrats are busy in tieing the shoe laces of politicians (YES IT HAPPENS IN UP, IN A RECENT FLIGHT IAS OFFICERS HELPED MAYAWATI AND KANSHIRAM TIE THEIR SHOE LACES, THE HERTIAGE CONTINUES) it is not very surprising that they will urlLink now probing in to the matter. DON't MISS THE LAST CHANCE TO urlLink SEE TAJ MAHAL , CLICK NOW. ABSOLUTELY FREE. GOD BLESS INDIA (FROM INDIANS). PAKISTAN WE DON'T NEED YOU, WE ARE CAPABLE ENOUGH TO DESTROY OUR OWN COUNTRY.

 Film on CHILD LABOUR by children wins UK award. RABIA a seven year old (future of India according to Congress, BJP and rest of the politicians of India) has a little time to enjoy life beacause the future of India is busy in picking rags at the garbage dumps near Rohini in capital of India where the black present of India lies. Rabia is not just the bread winner but she also has to do all the household chorees and look after her ailing family members; paralysed mother, asthmatic father, sister suffering from a skin disease and contantly ill two brothers. THE FUTURE OF INDIA IS VERY COLOURFUL. RASHTRABHASHA HINDI MEIN : BHARAT KA BHAVISHYA KAAFI RANGIN HAI. In Hindi, since I didn't want to upset our young and energetic Prime Minister. Rabia is captured on film by children, who have had equally difficult lives. It is truly inspiring and touching. These four CREATIVE children guided by few adults and producers as children's organization PLAN INTERNATIONAL. won critical acclaim and the Special achievemt Award at the annual media awards function, organized by the London based ONE WORLD BROADCATING TRUST. set up by BBC and ITV. INDIAN FILMs & TV people should learn something from this and try to become honest with their profession. Majority (more than 99%) of Indian Films and TV do not depict Indian and Indians of today. Mr. Naseeruddin Shah rightly said once that "say after 20 years if we wanted to show our kids what was India and how were Indians in our (this) time, we will have NOTHING to show". Think About It.

 Upset with USA Thomas L Friedman offered "brief theory of everything" about why so many people are upset with America. His thesis : America has begun to touch other people's lives more than their own goverments do and therefore people all over the world want to be able to vote on American power. He invited readers to to email their opinions and recieved over 8,000 e-mail messages. According to him two themes stood out : (1) People are now interested in foreign policy in the wake of 9/11 & Iraq and (2) People are worried about how alienated America is becoming from the world, blaming Bush and the world and feeling that something important is being lost. The summary of the messages which he recieved: USA has been the beacon of hope past half a century to the disfranchised, thw wounded, the the refugees" ( we have now lost the hope now) USA now was a Fair Arbiter of the World, The world doesn't wan't to see USA morph into just another imperial power Many of us in the world are frightened by the unproposed power of an Administration that has total disregard for those who disagree with it and threatens the future of this world with its indifference to anything outside it's own plans... READ MY LIPS : For better or for worse the world is a buch of petulant teenagers that now think of us (the US) as the parent. They want our protection, our comfort (ourfinancial suport). They want us out of their rooms while keeping them tidy, freedom to mock us but come to us hwn they have problems... Most of all, they want no resposibility for their own behaviour. We should understand them.'Bout cover it? Only answer is for kids to grow up, realise parents don't have all the answers and are, at best, imperfect being themselves." World are your listening?, India are you listening?, Mr. vajpayee are your listening?. Think About It.

 TEST

 LINUX NEWS UPDATES urlLink RED HAT 's earning meets urlLink expectations and urlLink FORBES points the urlLink limitations of LINUX. RED HAT had a 10% increase in the growth in the Enterprise segment compared to previous year. On the other hand the second story of "limitations" points our that LINUX may be overhyped and "not a lot of depth" in some areas. The TCO total cost of ownership is also discovered to be high compared to other OS.The story ends with a note that "So, in the end, this is what we know: Linux is here to stay; it will get better; and sometimes it's cheaper than alternatives, but it's not right for every application. We know the very same about Windows." Keep the track of the RED HAT (nasdaq : urlLink RHAT , urlLink NEWS , urlLink PEOPLE ) Whatever might be the speculations, urlLink LINUX has proved that it is a Killer OS and it will continue to do so with the power of urlLink OPEN SOURCE . The good news ofcourse is that urlLink LINUS TORVALDS urlLink is cocentrating again on LINUX development .Let's also hope that urlLink SCO Vs IBM legal battle doesn't hurt LINUX. Opensource will ofcourse win the WAR "openly".

 LINUX NEWS UPDATES ON GOOGLE NEWS Where urlLink GOOGLE NEWS takes you for urlLink LINUX , urlLink REDHAT , urlLink LINUS TORVALDS & urlLink SCO vs IBM

 SanSpeaks Daily Dose Of Inspiration Tundiye mukhalif se na ghabra, ai aqab, / Yeh toh aata hai tujhe aur ooncha udane ke liye. (Dont be daunted by the adverse wind, oh bird. This gust comes only to waft you higher). If you know the author of this sher please leave a comment and oblige me.

 INDIAN SOFTWARE &amp; STEPHEN HAWKING: Mr. Arun Mehta and Mr. Crishna, who run a firm called urlLink RADIOPHONY has made themselves and India proud by getting a go ahead from Mr. Stephen Hawking on their software Hawking Communicator . Mr. Stephen Hawking is testing their communication software, since he suffers from a degenerative motor neuron illness and can only move two fingers of his left hand, cannot speak, and uses a computer-cum voice synthesizer to communicate with the world.

 SHADOW ON TAJ MAHAL Uttar Pradesh government has flagged off a bizarre plan last November An architectural nightmare of a shopping mall as the back drop of the TAJ MAHAL instead of picturesque Yamuna river. I am speechless how stupid and blind can the Indian Politics and Beurocracy can become. The Central Pollution Control Board is fuming over the matter since the construction began last November under the aegis of the National Project Construction Corporation (NPCC) without any environmental assessment of its impact on the TAJ MAHAL. God please save TAJ MAHAL and INDIA too. When will your judgment day come?. If this is the future of WORLD HERITAGE site under UNESCO convention , then what will happen to Mera Bharat Mahan.

 INDIA, THE IT GIANT: India is home to around 650,000 developers or about 10% of the worlds developer population, and growing annually by the rate of 32%. This growth rate would make the Indian Community of developers the largest in the world in next 2-3 years. Thats why all these bigshots the Monster of IT are eyeing India as a profitable base to name the few - Microsoft , Intel , Sun , Oracle , IBM and consulting firms like EDS &amp; Accenture . The few opportunities which you can fathom right away are as follows:- - Log on to Microsoft India and choose India Business Center. - Atos Origin opportunites at Naukri

 MUMBAI SLUMS New York based journalist ROBERT NEUWIRTH is writing a book on slum life in four countries, and has come to Mumbai and staying in slum to feel the slum life. According to him the common things in squatters all over the world, are High Crime Rates, Congestion, Battle For Cleanliness, Neglected Kids and Refusal to the resident to move out. In Mumbai he is co-ordinating with NGO Nivara Hakk and he has observed that Free houses is not the solution to rehabilitate them. A family of 8 living in 225 sq. ft. house is again a slum. We need to harness the energy of this people to make the building plans which are economically viable, while the government should only focus on the infrastructure."

 The Girl Power- South Asian Women I just visited the South Asian Woman Network (SAWNET)'s urlLink who's who among the south asian woman web site. Powerful women figures from India, Bangladesh, Pakistan, etc all are listed over here, Kiran Bedi, Kalpana Chawla, Gurinder Chaddha & any women icon you can think of. The list is also sorted by profession like politics, science, activism & so on. There is one more similar site urlLink Kalpana Chawla In Space . Kalpanachawlainspace.com is still growing, but the main highlight section which is fully functional is the "News" section of Kalpanachawlainspace.com, where the site contains all the latest stories related to Kalpana Chawla (i.e in her memories), Indian - IT, Space, Science, Technology. Let us hope that more and more site like the SAWNET and Kalpanachawlainspace.com come up to the strengthen the "community" feeling of the internet. Please have a look and if you are coming across any such site, please do not forget to drop a mail at sanspeak@rediffmail.com. I will be happy and obliged.

 SRISTI urlLink SRISTI is a non-governmental organisation setup to strengthen the creativity of grassroots inventors, innovators and ecopreneurs engaged in conserving biodiversity and developing eco-friendly solutions to local problems Honey Bee Network urlLink Honey Bee Network brings together those creative and innovative farmers, artisans, mechanics, fishermen and women and labourers who have solved a problem through their own genius without any outside help whether from state, market, or even NGOs. Such self triggered and developed innovations whether technological or institutional are scouted, supported, sustained and scaled wherever possible with or without value addition, linkage with formal science and technology. Idea is to generate incentives and benefits for the innovators. The innovations could be developed by individuals or groups. These may have been developed in recent past or long past and some times these innovations or creative practices might have become part of traditional knowledge. We thus also look for outstanding examples of traditional knowledge, which help in conserving and utilizing natural resources in a sustainable manner. Why you should join the Honey Bee network . - If you feel totally dissatisfied with the current mode of dominant mediocrity all around us - If you feel that lots of poor people are so poor not because they can not think, but - because their ideas and initiatives do not get space for expansion and fulfillment - If you think that there are many dreams that you had which you could not fulfill in your - life but would like others to fulfill them sooner rather than later - If you want to invest in green ideas which involve risk but may help society as well as our lives if successful - If you want to contribute some of your time ( ranging from one day in a month or a year to one hour a day to may be few weeks a year or more) in service of grassroots innovators by contributing towards a skill and resource bank. This bank will be accessible to knowledge rich but economically poor or disadvantaged farmers, artisans, pastoralist, or urban slum dwellers having ideas or prototype of new product or service or any other inventors. - If you yourself have some innovative green idea and do not know who to contact for making it grow, generate wealth and make this world greener, fairer and more humane - If you are a scientist or technologist and can pursue research yourself or guide your students to add value in local knowledge and innovations - If you are an entrepreneur who wants to scale up some other innovator's innovation - If you are a policy maker who no more enjoys stifling initiative of others and instead enjoys helping others grow - If you are a teacher who can persuade your students to take pride in augmenting grassroots innovations and help liberate the colonized minds of the elite Note : All the content is from SRISTI.org. I have just provided the information for interesting the user to visit the site. Please visit the sristi site and contribute, it's mind boggling what these people are doing. It's kind of Open Source Innovation on fire, by the people, for the people and of the people.

 Jackie Chan's Rush Hour In India? Hong Kong action star Jackie Chan is to visit India later this month to begin work on his latest venture, a $60 million still-untitled action movie, a top Bollywood producer said on Friday.The filmmaker, Mukesh Bhatt said Chan and a team of technicians and co-stars would shoot in regions of eastern and western India.Bhatt's film production company, Vishesh Films, has tied up with Jackie Chan Productions as facilitator of the Indian leg of the project urlLink Hindustan Times

 Anusuya's poem and yet another "motivated" book. Hillary Rodham Clinton, "Words to Break the Silence and Then to Act," 6 September 1995. Occasion: Speech to the Nongovernmental Organizations' Forum in Huairou, China. The Forum was a part of the United Nations Fourth World Conference on Women. The poem "Silence" was written by Anasuya Sengupta. She was a senior at Lady Sri Ram College in New Delhi, India, at the time she sent the poem to Mrs. Clinton. The poem is a must urlLink read even if it surrounded by the speech text. Two powerful lines from the poem-- "Too many women in too many countries speak the same language of silence." This author of this poem along with her poem is also mentioned in Hillary Clinton's latest book. No issues about the poem but media is speculating behind the real urlLink motivation behind the book.

 Simputer : It's the coolest one urlLink Encore Simputer , the made in India mobile computing device, which was named by Time magazine as urlLink "one of the ten best technological innovations for a sustainable world" , is now wooing a wider base of customers by porting the Windows operating system (OS) on to the system in addition to Linux. Encore expects the Simputer market to cross 3-million units over the next two years. - urlLink Times of India Introduction of Simputer @ Simputer.org The Simputer is a low cost portable alternative to PCs, by which the benefits of IT can reach the common man. It has a special role in the third world because it ensures that illiteracy is no longer a barrier to handling a computer. The key to bridging the digital divide is to have shared devices that permit truly simple and natural user interfaces based on sight, touch and audio. The Simputer meets these demands through a browser for the Information Markup Language (IML). IML has been created to provide a uniform experience to users and to allow rapid development of solutions on any platform.

 Why am I blogging all this From now onwards I am stepping down from being a critic. I am planning to write only inspirational and wonderful things in the life and little bit of my pessimistic poems. Cos' I have remembered Del Carnegie - "Nobody wins an arguement". I think I should stop my itch of being a new kid on the blog and concentrate on beautiful things in the life and not get deviated by the botherations. So Mr. Bush, Mr. Musharraf and Mr. Vajpayee Ji I am taking a leave from you (oops I did it again). What I am trying to say that instead of saying "war" i would say "peace". I want peace of myself also, but this world and google news and the morning paper and the latest news channels keep me bothering. I want an escape. Why there is no button on us humans called "Esc?", which we would have liked to press again and again to come out of filthy politics and their wars. (oops I did it again). Am I Blogging or am I getting crazy. Think About It (This is for myself)

 What is benefecial for India and Pakistan Everything from origin to food habbits, culture, language & passion for cricket... is similar between India and Pakistan. Yet it is very unfortunate that these two countries share this very awkward postion of enemity. What we can do is to extend our tieups in culture, economics, intellect and business and get benefitted. Both the countries can forget their past and become a great example for the rest of the world. I am sure the political thought and the thoughts of the citizens are surely very different of this issue. If there would have been a difference... Indian pictures won't be hit in Pakistan even after a ban (with piracy ofcourse) and Indians wouldn't love Pakistani cricketers, writers and singger who come and perform in India very often. Whatever difference between these countries exists, are all born out of politics and due to political mistakes committed in the past and their continuation in the present. The essence, the blood and the soil of these two countries is very much the same. Instead of becoming a combined strong force in the asian region we are instead becoming a bad example and allowing other countries... who are least bothered for both of us ... gain an advantage and become our guide or suporter. Do we need an external support to solve "our" matters.? No, but we surely need a political will to do that. Citizens of these nations have nothing great against each other, but there is nobody to listen. We can vote for leadership but we cannot vote for what we want. WE WANT PEACE - A petition from both the sides. I hope somebody is listening. Think About It.

 The option for Kashmir [ "It is said that the purpose of repeated extensions of one-sided ceasefire by India is that after the Jehad is stopped, Vajpai is considering the possibility to open talks with Pakistan. Talking is of course better than fighting. But has any Indian leader courage to face the truth? This is an age of democracy. Will any Indian leader be ready to allow Kashmiris to decide their fate by their own free will? Every Indian leader is afraid of the result of such a free plebiscite. They all know it well that, in such a case, Kashmir will no more remain a part of India. Due to this fear, India, like Israel, is not ready to implement UN Resolutions on Kashmir." ] urlLink Read More By Jehadi - Hussain Khan M.A. (Tokyo) My derivation from the above article - Pakistan will form a better goverment than India and it will be a better democracy(???) - Kashmiris won't mind getting called - "Muhajirs"="Refugees". - In india Muslims are third grade citizens like Amir Khan, Shahrukh Khan, President Abdul Kalam, etc. etc. - There are many muslims in UP, MP and Bihar so they should also ask for seperate state or country like kashmir, since he points that it was basis of India-Pakistan partition. - Pakistan is such a great wonderful nation that "all" the kashmiris are dying to be under there rule or parentship. - If Kashmir becomes a seperate nation the most supportive partner will be Pakistan. - If politician don't listen what Jehadi's can do. The only option they have is to kill the innocent people. But Jehad is more important. With due respect to Mr. Hussein, since he has more authority on this subject I can say something is surely wrong from both the sides. But we don't need a "slogan to inspire killing" we need solution. And that solution is surely not from Pakistan. Period.

 India has "gambled for peace" : Holy Bush Declaring that Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee has urlLink "gambled for peace" , US President George W Bush has conveyed to Deputy Prime Minister L K Advani that the American Government is "conscious" that no progress in Indo-Pak talks is possible unless Pakistan ends cross-border terrorism. What are you trying to tell Mr. Bush? If these are your words, then are you identifying that Pakistan is really involved in terrorism?. If yes then, are you not going to take the avatar of a "Saviour" and save India and Indian's from them?. You had a slight notion of WMD and you took out your old grudge against Iraq. What is more dangerous and lethal according to you "Iraq- Which might have attacked with WMD" or "Pakistan- Which is already attacking indian peace". Please find the definition of your kind of "Destruction".

 Indian seeking America's recognization over Pakistan matter.Best of luck to everybody After all whatever we do whaterver we want requires Uncles Sams approval, then only it can be "recognized". Superpower's presence in anything is required, if they are not interested nothing can happen. Mr. Bush fantasized "WMD" and Iraq is invaded. Pakistan fuels terrorism, but for that Mr. Bush will do a friendly chat with them and try to convince them. Mr. Bihari and Mr. Advani we are loosing some very precious people out here, our soldiers and our civilians. Think about it, or get convinced(?) by this... urlLink US to push Pak on India talks: Bush urlLink US beginning to acknowledge India as a major power: Advani urlLink India bargains troops for Iraq with pressure on Pak urlLink After Mideast, road map for Kashmir? urlLink Pentagon eyes India for forming its base in Asia Where there is a will there is a way, but the world doesn't have the will to solve India's problem. For that matter, even Indian Leadership doesn't have any will to solve this matter. To get a good bargain for next election and to create a repute they are eyeing for this "talks" matter. Because, "Garibi Hatao", "Edducation for all, Health for all" slogans are very old and Indian's have realized that Indian politicians are never go to fullfill this false promise. So new slogan needs new focus, foucs which was required from long time and should have seen some result by now. But who cares?. And hey joke of the day... urlLink China to talk Kashmir peace with Pak (LOOK WHO's TALKING) Please also see this Tibetain site- urlLink INTERNATIONAL TIBET INDEPENDENCE MOVEMENT

 Blogging RTFM urlLink BlogRoots Blogging Resource Page urlLink The Art of Blogging - Part 2,Getting Started, "How To", Tools, Resources urlLink Weblog Compendium Tools List Before starting 2 Blog one must go through these resourceful pages. How could I miss it ? , Google has cheated me I think. You can add loads of goodies in your blogs otherwise suffer like me, everyday I find something which I should have found earlier. Remember to keep the things KISS (keep it simple stupid!), otherwise you and your readers would go crazy. Happy Blogging!

 Friendly(?) Neighbor Pakistan's accusition. Our friendly(?) neighbor PAKISTAN asks us (India) to - urlLink Resume unconditional talks and accuses India for the delay in commencement of peace talks between the two countries. Claiming that the Pakistani leadership has been "very constructive, forward looking and positive in their approach towards resumption of dialogue", he said, "unfortunately, we haven't seen the same sort of tone from Indian leadership". What these guys are upto only they know. Just yesterday it was again voiced by Mr. George Fernandes, the Defence Minister that, Pakistan has not yet stopped it's terrorits activities and sending of trained terrorists in India. I think for Pakistan Construction= Terrorist Training, Forward looking = updating the innocent Indian's body count, and Dialogue = Continuing bloodshed. Pakistan should consider introducing "construction" in their own country and start thinking about the development work in their country. I hope pakistani people must be also tired of this Kashmir Issue and fundamentalism. What they must be also wanting is Peace, Education, Jobs and Happiness. Pakistan by fuelling terrorism in India will find itself nowhere, personal growth and fertility of their own soild must be more important to them than winning Kashmir, a heaven which they have turned into hell.

 Let's find WMD baby... urlLink IRAQ: How Bush, Howard and Blair lied about WMD -Versus- urlLink WMD Again. Bush and Blair Not That Stupid Whatever, the fact is Mr. Bush is a great president and US has great CIAs, FBIs and so on. It is a very small thing that we have not found Saddam, Laden and WMD. People should appreciate that democracy was re-established there and most important without any civil casualties (atleast it was not on TV). Why are we people against war I can't understand, afterall it's a billions dollars industry for the developed nations. If these nations won't test these little equipments on the lesser important nations how would they show their superiority? and how the soldiers would get the warm up?. Before spelling WAR and WMD, please SPELL "Life, Humanity, Innocent Civilians, Peace, Soldiers who die for a cause(?) & many more things". Don't comment if you are not in it, it's not same as watching "Saving Private Ryan" and start verbal farting about it.

 Challenging Linux ??? urlLink Utah firm's suit against IBM could deal a blow to operating system SCO Group, a small company in Utah that owns rights to Unix. SCO has licensed its Unix to IBM and many other firms. Now SCO is suing IBM, claiming IBM's been taking SCO's intellectual property and plugging it into Linux -- a sort of binary plagiarism A shocking thing to learn when you have already been in so much love of the cute TUX. But I think people should find the way out of this. If this is true then it is yet other adulteration of the "big corporate"... their strategy of ruining the good things and if it's not true, then the penguin is raring to go ahead. But can we take precaution against these kind of things?, no we can't. This world has come close but soemtime we may miss our own skin. These things will continue to bother for ever, till the spirit of the people is not open.

 10 Things You Can Do to Prevent War urlLink 10 Things You Can Do to Prevent War By Geov Parrish (political columnist for WorkingforChange.com and a longtime peace activist.)

 War statistics related to USA urlLink Statistical Summary of America's Major Wars urlLink VIETNAM WAR STATISTICS

 Oliver Stone = Controversial Cinema = Uncomfortable Truth urlLink Oliver Stone is the father of cult "controversial cinema", anybody would introduce Stone like this only. Yesterday I was watching "Born on 4th Of July" on HBO, and I confirmed my belief again. Stone makes very gripping, fast, honest, blunt and "Slap on your face" kind of movies. He is the director who streches not only his stories, but dialogues, characters and situation to the maximum limit. He is voracious and mercy less story teller. Remember... in JFK the single shot of "JFK hit by bullet" was shown hundred times and each time with more pain and cinematic brilliance. He rips apart whatever is good or bad inside a person he doesn't differetiate between people as good or bad, in his movies most of the time character changes with situation, and that's the beauty of it. He makes a honest cinema which is highly uncomfortable for us to see, because truth cannot be comfortable. His characters are always seeking the truth for themselves and the world they are living in.. be it Charlie Sheen in "Wall Street", Val Kilmer in "The Doors", Cruise in "Born on 4th of July" or Kevin Costner in "JFK". Simply said he makes "Uncomfortable Cinema" as in Truth and Life.

 CAS- unConditional Access Sytem ??? The country which must be dealing with the friendly(?) neighbors, education, basic healthcare & many more things, is actually dealing with the debate over urlLink CAS - Conditional Access Systems. The priorities are strange and unknown but the implementation is immediate. What customer is gaining is choice & freedom (which is not actually available). The customer will end up paying more and is the direct bearer of its implementation since the set top box is at customer's expense. You cannot switch to another cable operator with the same box, you cannot decide what will be FTA - Free To Air for you since it will depend on the geography. So if you are south indian residing in UP, the southern free channels may not be there for you. The prices of individual channels are not yet declared since they are available in buckets only. The broadcaster are themselves confused to declare firmly that they will go for "paid" one since they are very much doubtful over the advertising revenue they are going to miss in the initial period & other teething problems to be faced. But the Indian Goverment has declared a holistic date "14th of July" for the metro implementation. Think About it.

 Kamat.org - A Indian Blog Portal urlLink Kamat.org - A portal of Indian Weblogs. Only Indian blogs are considered for listing here A (crawl) is when the portal found an update, and (ping) is when the author reported an update Regularly Updated is a new list sorted by the number of times a blog is updated since its listing Submit new blogs, changes to URLs, locations, typos etc, urlLink here Keep The Blog Portal updated via the urlLink Ping Interface or the urlLink XML-RPC Interface This feed also available as urlLink XML , and urlLink RSS

 NASSCOM projects 26-28% growth In a press release yesterday, the urlLink NASSCOM declared the industry has achieved 26.3 per cent exports growth clocking revenues of Rs 46,100 crore (US$ 9.5 billion). IT services, products and technology services have grown by 18.3 per cent to reach Rs 34,800 crore ($7.2 billion) while the ITES-BPO segment registered a growth of 59 per cent to reach Rs 11, 300 crore (US $2.3 billion). According to NASSCOM, Indian software and services exports is projected to achieve 26-28 per cent growth clocking a revenue of over US $12 billion in 2003-04. IT services, products and technology services are projected to grow by 17 per cent to reach revenues of over US$ 8.4 billion and the ITES-BPO segment is projected to register a growth of 54 per cent to clock revenues of US$ 3.6 billion during the next year. - urlLink News Today full story. Stay updated for urlLink NASSCOM on urlLink Google News .

 The painful thing called life. Life is pain Pain flows through pen And becomes poetry Is there no difference between blood & ink? No, as there is no difference between skin & paper Both are cheap Blood on screen is entertaining Somebody elses pain on paper is entertaining It only hurts when your skin becomes paper And somebody else is reciting your pain Thats the rule of the game Thats how the pain industry works Arent there beautiful words in any poetry? Yes, they are. So What? Have you ever seen that kind of beauty in life? As found in so called beautiful poems Beauty is distraction A short high and a long hangover So my dear friend Whoever witnesses beauty in life Has to find himself punished by an ugly hangover for the entire life. Then he becomes a serial poet & Remembers beauty (so called optimistic poems) And confirms pain (what exists, so called pessimism) The choice is yours The words are yours But the truth is very much same Beauty is remembered & pain is confirmed. Life is beautiful. Really? Go find yourself a life first. Go find yourself a life first. Till that time Life was beautiful. Now it sucks. Period.

 US trying to find a reason for war, after the war Little bit confusing isnt it. So what US soldiers were lying idle, they wanted some exercise cant they kill few people here & there? Is it a great problem that USA is unable to find the weapons of mass destruction urlLink (WMD) ? The conspiracy theorists now say that the deposed ruler urlLink Saddam Hussein had dual use facilities. US defense secretary urlLink Donald Rumsfeld said Iraq had dual facilities capable of instant delivery of such weapons of mass destruction while normally producing products for peaceful uses. On the other hand Senator Joseph Biden , a high ranking member of the senate foreign relations committee said such weapons may have existed but the urlLink Bush administration hyped the claims. Please (also) note: No Iraqi citizens was killed in the Iraq war. Even if some were killed then the body count is shamefully negligible to admit. Only the buildings which were vacant were bombarded. The reason behind the vacant buildings are quite obvious. (a) Iraqis were dancing over the news of defeated Saddam (b) Or giving interviews to western media about how friendly the US soldiers are and how they are thankful to Bush for restoring peace & democracy. (c) Rest of the Iraqis were busy raiding the shops and the banks during happy hours and were having the complete entertainment and fun by enjoying the loot.

 Pak admits influence over militants entering India The extra hoily, pious and peaceful Pakistan has finally acknowledged "influence" over terrorists who go across its border into India, compared them to desperate Palestinian suicide bombers, but pleaded complete inability to "rub an Alladins lamp" and stop cross-border "martyrdom". Read urlLink Times Of India Article I think the world and most importantly the US of A still needs the proof. A terrorits nation will be given more importance and will be told to talk and talk and talk. In the mean time terrorism can continue & continue & continue afterall then who will buy the arms and ammunition from the "developed countries". (China and Korea, also included). Mr. Bush will again pass a funny statement urlLink Pakistan has to end terrorism . And since we are all very much faithful on Pakistan, we are very confident to believe that it will do so. Afterall who can defy mighty Mr.Bush. So terrorism is finally going to end, India and Pakistan will make peace by talking. Yahoo... Let's Party.

 India changing image from aid-taker to aid-giver Indian Govenment has decided to prepay outstanding bilateral debt worth Rs 7,490.77 crore to 14 countries. India will now receive aid only from five countries, including Japan, the US, the UK, the European Commission and the Russian Federation. The 14 countries whose bilateral aid will be prepaid, comprise the Netherlands, Canada, Sweden, Italy, Denmark, Belgium, Austria, Kuwait, Spain, Switzerland, Saudi Arabia, Australia, Russian Federation, Czech and Slovak. India is also planning to extend his help to other developing nation and giving concession to those who have already taken the debts from India. India on Monday has one of the largest foreign exchange reserves among all countries in the world at over $ 80 billion. India also has one of the world's fastest growing economies. The country has been reducing its reliance on official development assistance over the years, preferring to attract greater private capital inflows and trade turnover. - urlLink msid=2333"> Times Of India This decision is not supposed to affect the aid programmes of multilateral institutions like the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank and the United Nations. More news on urlLink Google News

 What is the Matrix? That's a question which is bugging even my mind. Whatever, urlLink the matrix was a superb movie and I am dying to see the second sequel - The Matrix Reloaded. Have a look at the urlLink trailer and find the latest urlLink news about the Maxtrix Reloaded. And how can I forget to mention some words of wisdom from the last one. THE MATRIX QUOTES : ---------------------------- Morpheus: Do you believe in fate, Neo? Neo: No. Morpheus: Why not? Neo: Because I don't like the idea that I'm not in control of my life. ---------------------------------- Neo: This isn't real? Morpheus: What is real? How do you define real? If you're talking about your senses, what you feel, taste, smell, or see, then all you're talking about are electrical signals interpreted by your brain. ---------------------------------- Morpheus: How did I beat you? Neo: You -- You're too fast. Morpheus: Do you think my being faster, stronger has anything to do with my muscles in this place? Do you believe that's air you are breathing now? If you can free your mind, the body will follow. ---------------------------------- Morpheus: Have you ever had a dream, Neo, that you were so sure was real? What if you were unable to wake from that dream, Neo? How would you know the difference between the dream world and the real world? ---------------------------------- WHAT IS THE MATRIX ? DONT THINK ABOUT IT... JUST FEEL AND RELOAD IT --my stupid quote--

 The Suicidal Mind The one common characteristic of almost all suicides, according to Edwin Shneidman, reagarded as the father of suicide prevention in America, is that theyre caused by pain, a certain kind of psychological pain he calls psychache (sik-ak). Further-more, he adds, this psychahe stems from thwarted or distorted psychological needs. The suicide is a very complex and strange phenomenon it is an last stage of clinical depression. I have used the world clinical depression which has certain base for it, because nowadays due to the sedentary or hectic lifestyle nobody is without depression. The clinical depression can be very short and impulsive or very chronic one. Sometimes the person discusses his problems with his close ones, but as the decision to do the suicide nears it becomes very difficult to recognize him/her or sometimes its so impulsive that nobody gets a chance to recognize. But the main reason behind the suicide is the unbearable and the highly painful & uncomfortable situation in which the person find himself trapped without anywhere to go. Suicide is not a option which is chosen it is an event which happens. The logical mind can argue that there would have been other options, but the pain at that instant orders that it should be executed. The fact points that there are various familial and genetic reasons which contribute to the risk of suicidal behaviour. That does not mean that all the people with these background commit suicide, it simply points that the chances of committing suicide are more is these cases. They should create a proper support system for themselves and remove all the negative from the inside. Prevention is better than cure, any kind of mental depression and any thought of loss of interest in life and tendency to commit suicide should be clinically treated. The chance of thought becoming a plan or action is very much possible and takes no time in taking the final shape and becoming the event. We treat our bodies and visit doctor for small ailments like cold and aches, but days of boredom, confusion, anger, frustration and depression is simply ignored. The mind is at times is self healing but not auto-flushable, the things accumulate inside the brain as memory and tendencies become habbits and then the fixed quality or attribute of the person. And the pain caused by mind is more unbearable than the pain which is caused by body. Think About It!

 Pakistan is agenda for Indias PM or India should be his agenda Indian prime minister Shri. Lal Bihari Vajpai wants to add a very big feather in his cap, a feather of winning peace talks with Pakistan at any cost. The cost can be loosing sight of problems within the country and ignoring more important To Dos in the list which are more important for the growth of the nation. The result is running the Delhi-Lahore bus which resulted in Kargil War last time. The nation has also shamefully forgotten the Kargil incident since it was busy in seeing the cricket matches during the kargil. I seriously wonder and pray what would be the result this time. India is a very tolerant nation and recognized as a peace keeper in the region by the entire world. But we are not really campaigning hard for the cause, we are campaigning as if it is just another problem of the nation and Pakistan is just teasing us. Terrorism is a serious offence and there has to be serious effort punishment for that by us and by all the so called peaceful nations. Indias peace is not in the world agenda. If tomorrow the USA decide to extend the Pakistan support by fighting with India, the world and its UNOs will be just the witnesses as they were in very recent Iraq war. USA will never do such thing however, because the grand daddy is smart and will enjoy the important status from both the sides but will never make a serious effort if Indian and Pakistan are not ready to recognize the good deeds of USA and declare USA as Official Peace Keeping Parent. Indian politician and even Indian citizens are engaged in full time filthy politics and not in the more important social and economical issues. The boring and routine TV serials are compensated by spiced up Television News Channel (There are more new channels than the news itself). And the stars of these channels are politcians who have only and only politics in their agenda, the Vajpais, the Advanis, the Sonias, the Laools, the Rabris, the Thackreys, the Lalitas, and so on. The disinvestment plan is gathering dust. The disinvestment of Hindustan petroleum and Bharat Petroleum was supposed to fetch the government Rs 10,265 croers and may be even more if executed properly. Similarly Air India and Indian Airlines is out of the disinvestment plans. The VAT is also swinging here and there and there is lack of political willingness to implement it. There are lots of Women Issues, Labour Reforms, Education & Social reforms. But the parliament is more interested in fighting than passing the bills and updating the laws. The population is plenty thats why we are not worried by the body counts of our soldiers and citizens. We can feed Pakistan and many others for years to come and we will keep on waiting for them to stop and then talk, till that time they can continue what they are doing. Think About It!

 The rising Criminal Tendencies in youth. In the past people with a bad backgrounds used to enter into the criminal world. There used to be a certain reason behind the decision to go for crime. The crime used to be for some reason either social, economical or mental. But today the youth with pretty well family background, social and economical status and highly educated background is entering the crime scene. Crime is becoming fashionable . One of the example recently is Gurprit Singh (Miki) who executed Aijaj Lakdawala last week in Bangkok. Miki hailed from a good family background and was a graduate from college in Andheri, Mumbai. The worst example exists and they are more dangerous are harmful as in Terrorism. In the recent serial bombing incidents in Mumbai the involvement of qualified graduate and post graduate qualified youth in more alarming. The Lashkar aria commander Abu Sultan was a masters in computer science.. Dr. Matin involved in Ghatkopar bombing incident is MD in forensic medicine. Atif Mullah involved in involved in Mulund bombing incident is a holder of MBA degree. The inclusion of these so called mature, sophisticated and educated criminals in making the crime and terrorism even more complex. These people use the latest in the technology, & are easily deceptive because of good social background and very smart in defending themselves compared to easily recognizable criminals who act, walk and talk like criminals. The reason for their criminal inclination is unknown, somehow crime is becoming fashionable and addictive (hard to resist) like drugs. The latest fad among the upper circle youth in the countrys capital Delhi is to steal the new cars, tear them apart and sell off their parts just for that extra heavy pocket money. Somewhere the social structure is breaking apart, the schools, the colleges, the society, the friends and the family is not acting as qualified support system. The individualism is becoming more important and an individual is deciding for himself what is Right/Wrong for himself and living by his own rule book. For some people even this reason is not applicable, they become what they want to, there is no reason, why? May be everybody is loosing the respect and fear factor related to the Law & Order. Only the good ones fear and respect the law, because they know that they will end in the long trap. The bad ones, who have decided to go wrong have nothing to fear since they know that by the time they will get punishment, they would have already had the party. Think About It!

 Mumbai Bomb Blast Incident #1 Bomb blast in BEST bus no. 340 at Ghatkopar, Mumbai on 30 July 2003. Incident #2 BJP - SHIV SENA calls off a BANDH on 29 July 2003(close). "Democracy & peace is killed twice. Terrorism rocks!" Relatives will be paid the 'compensation'.For next few days Police, Politicians, Media and farters will be very buisy. Some 60+ active, young & energetic ex-legal experts will get a new job in new commission de invetigation. Few insects responsible(?) for the blast will be caught. Human rights organization will raise their voice as to how these insects and people around them are tortured. blah!...blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... Next year 0n 28 July 2004, this blast will be rememberd again on 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, ... N th page. blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... blah!... History repeats itself, only dates change.

 Indian Mobile Telecom Subscriber Base Geneva based International Telecommunication Union (ITU) study and figures reveal that India is one of the fasted growing large mobile markets in the world, jumping from 33rd position to 18th position between 2002 & 2003. If India continues to show this trend (thanks to competetion between Reliance, Tata, Hutch, Airtel, BPL & others) and same growth in both GSM & CDMA based mobile services it is sure that India would rank amongst the top 10. This is supported by the fact that right now there are 17.22 million (GSM + CDMA)subsribers, growing healthily at the rate of 80% per year. That amounts to 25-30 million subscribers by march, 2004. India is however already made to 5th position in the fixed lines with 41.2 million subscribers. Facts & Source , Anup Jayarm, urlLink Business World Magazine , 28 July 2003.

 Azim Premji in Fortune's Top 25 Business Leaders outside US urlLink "Wipro Chairman urlLink Azim Premji is amongst Fortune magazine's urlLink list of 25 most powerful business leaders outside the United States. Premji, 'who has turned technology company Wipro into the largest publicly traded company in the most dynamic sector of India's economy,' has been ranked 17th on the list.According to a Fortune statement: "The survey takes a broad look at the world of big business and reveals that the business leaders who rule the global boardrooms work in countries as diverse as Switzerland and South Korea and in industries ranging from food to finance." urlLink Wipro is ranked as 7th best software services company in the world by BusinessWeek (Infotech 100, November 2002),serves over 300 global leaders including Boeing, Nationwide, Ericsson, Toshiba, Cisco, Seagate, Putnam Investments, United Technologies, Best Buy, Digital, Friends Provident, IBM, Microsoft, NCR, Thames Water, Transco and Sony.

 EDWARD DE BONO urlLink Edward de Bono is regarded by many to be the leading authority in the world in the field of creative thinking and the direct teaching of thinking as a skill. He has written 62 books with translations into 37 languages and has been invited to lecture in 54 countries. He is the originator of lateral thinking which treats creativity as the behaviour of information in a self-organising information system - such as the neural networks in the brain. From such a consideration arise the deliberate and formal tools of lateral thinking, parallel thinking etc.

 G for Google urlLink Google Search: g Have you discovered "G" is for google on google.com

 Taj Mahal News Update Experts say that Taj Mahal has got urlLink marble cancer due to increase in pollution and sulphur dioxide emmissions in the atmosphere released by various industries around it. The U.N. Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) will urlLink send a team of experts to India to review damage to the famed Taj Mahal monument due to illegal construction activity near the World Heritage site which a recent phenomenon in UP. Mayawati Jindabad, UP Government JIndabad

 Theft in Microsoft A former Microsoft worker has been caught urlLink stealing $6 million of software from Microsoft's internal store in the third case of its type in recent months.

 urlLink 'India can overtake China as economic power' - The Times of India Can India overtake China "Not only is entrepreneurship thriving in India, entrepreneurs have become folk heroes. These success stories would never have happened if India lacked the infrastructure needed to support Narayana Murthy and other would-be moguls. But democracy, a tradition of entrepreneurship, and a decent legal system have given India the underpinning necessary for free enterprise to flourish," Noted by Yasheng Huang, associate professor at Sloan School of Management at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Tarun Khanna, professor at Harvard Business School in a study in the recent issue of Foreign Policy. "If India can achieve 6 per cent growth with a ball and chain around its ankles, then think what could be achieved with proper government reforms," says Suman Bery, head of the National Council for Applied Economic Research, a leading thinktank in New Delhi. IN urlLink Why India is singing in the rain By Edward Luce and Ray Marcelo Many people have posted negative comments in response to TOI article. Just one note to them, "India is never a priority or never a compeition because of Politicians who always act as hurdle in the development. They don't bring reforms, the reforms have to rise on their own because they no longer can be kept burried deep inside. India will become a India of our dreams because of Indians. Indian not as in politics & indian not as in religion, but indian as in 'spirit'" - Santoshkumar

 Nigeria 419 Scam /Advance Fee Fraud Mala Bhargava, Cyber media (India) and editor of Living Digital is a regular writer in urlLink Business World weekly's feature - That's IT. In the latest issue of the Business World she has written worderful article on internet email scam appropriately titled "BEWARE! NIGERIA CALLING". If you are on the internet and have even a single pathetic email id, you must be already aware about this phenomenon. Some smat ass in Niegeria has loads of money which he wants to save from his government due to various political, military and civic reasons. And god knows why you are the choosen one?, the lord of the ring. He wants you to become the medium to transfer his millions and get cool 3/4 million for yourself. Now like myself and lot's of other have deleted these types of mails right away and flushed the trash. But there are many air heads in this world who really felt that they are really the choosen ones. Don't think that the story ends here and this mail things end after making you virtual april fool. These things go beyond the net and after series of mail exchanges you are duped to the tune of few thousand dollars and may be worst than that which is still unknown to us. It has become the multi-million dollar business(?). Mala Bhargava along with friends and colleagues M Jayashankar, Shubhendu Parth, Nisha Kurien followed the trail of scamsters and their victims across India, China, Pakistan, Taiwan, Hongkong, US, UK and the Netherlands. She has given the entire working of how these scamsters operate. It was found that these scamsters have pseudo virtual online fake banks and offering 'telebanking'. These group of reporters have created an awareness webpage on the Nigerian scam at urlLink www.dqindia.com/nscam - Nigeria 419 Scam /Advance Fee Fraud A Resource Guide . Great Job.

 Bloggers Opening Western Eyes Katie Dean writes in urlLink Bloggers Opening Western Eyes on urlLink Wired ... urlLink Marta Schaaf is one of eight summer interns affiliated with the urlLink Advocacy Project , a nonprofit organization in Washington that works with Non-Government Organizations, or NGOs, around the world Schaff. Schaaf writes about her experiences with the Bosnian women, her fellow interns are posting accounts of their work on the prevention of illegal trafficking of women and children in Nigeria, advocating for Roma (gypsies) in the Czech Republic and social justice in Nepal. Each intern, who assists advocacy groups in Bosnia, Nepal, Lebanon, Israel, Kosovo, Italy, Nigeria and the Czech Republic, has her own weblog. The Advocacy Project is using the blogs to raise awareness about its work and to present an inside look at its projects. "These blogs can provide a picture of what the tragedies that Westerners see on the news mean to the people who live here," Schaaf says.

 Microsoft Vs. Linux Austrailian IT Conducts a discussion urlLink Your Say: Microsoft vs Linux Opinion from AustralianIT.com.au's readers. urlLink MS takes Linux fight to partners by Kate Mackenzie mentions : " Resellers and services providers were told of improvements to the Microsoft partner program in a Sydney briefing today, and given CD-ROMs with information on how to deal with the appearance of Linux in their customers' accounts. The CD, titled "Competing with Linux" gives partners detailed information on how to deal with customers who are interested in, or already using Linux and other open source software. "Open source software can be an emotionally loaded issue, especially for the technical staff in your accounts," the CD says. "

 Inside Open Source urlLink Inside the open-source development model | CNET News.com . The article is a special imput from Harvard Business School's urlLink HBS Working Knowledge . The discussion; about the hackers in the opensource community and the introduction of large businesses supporting the opensource. "Programmers contribute to free software and open-source projects for many reasons--some for the fun of it, some to improve their skills and others for a paycheck." Harvard Business School professor Siobhan O'Mahony discusses her research in the article. "No community-managed software project wants to be "taken over" or co-opted by one firm."

 Time Magazine & Alex Perry take a twist ....tsiwt (Via urlLink Indiacause.com ) Time Magazine and their writer Alex Writer take a twist. But that does not mean I am pro BJP. That does not mean I am pro Congress. India should be without politicians and must have some leaders like Mr.Kalam, Mr.Shourie, etc. See I have to use etc. as the third name I could think of. June 2002 - urlLink Asleep at The Wheel? "As India and neighbor Pakistan put up their nukes, is an ailing and frail Vajpayee the right man to have his finger on the button? He drank heavily in his prime and still enjoys a nightly whiskey or two at 74. India's leader takes painkillers for his knees " http://www.time.com/time/asia/magazine/article/0,13673,501020617-260747,00.html July 2003 - urlLink Top of His Game "While it may stretch the limits of adolescence to anoint a 78-year-old as Asia's new comeback kid, there's little doubt that India's once fading leader has returned with a bang. Abroad, he's never been so well received" http://www.time.com/time/asia/magazine/article/0,13673,501030714-463134,00.html

 Kargil Part 2, The begining urlLink Mid-Day | The bridge(?) bewteen the two nations is built again. Last time the result of Delhi-Lahore Bus was KARGIL was, but there was no fun in it since cricket matches were going on. Right now there is no cricket season going on, so watching Indian Soldiers die will be a great fun on TV. "Dozens of rain-soaked passengers jostled onto the luxurious golden-coloured Delhi Transport Corporation bus flagged-off from Ambedkar Nagar terminal here at 6:10 am by Union Surface Transport Minister B C Khanduri, restoring the service snapped on December 31, 2001, 18 days after Pakistan-backed terrorists attacked Parliament." "Body and luggage searches awaited them at the border, and in India, 1,000 police were put on alert along the 450-km road between New Delhi and the border checkpoint, while two vans of policemen were to escort the bus, said Satish Sharma, inspector-general of the Border Security Force in Punjab.He said police were on the lookout for attacks by militants who have sometimes waged assaults when steps are made toward peace." - urlLink ExpressIndia Read again the last sentence please we call them urlLink militants and not urlLink terrrorists . Congratulations we have changed the definition of urlLink terrorism Dear Nishita I think you are wasting your time by saying... "No award, no matter how big, is worthy of those brave men who fought for their motherland on the icy peaks of Kargil. I salute those selfless and dedicated men who lost their lives in order for us to live happily in a safe environment. We, a country of 9 million, owe them our lives and independance, it is a debt that can never be paid off." (13 yr old Nishita Jha pays her tribute to the martyrs) urlLink Kargil Martyrs 'Sorry', but 'no thanks'. You will be again added in the urlLink list or make some urlLink news because we are taking and talking and urlLink talking

 Mobile Blogging : MoBlogging urlLink OJR article: Moblogs Seen as a Crystal Ball fora New Era in Online Journalism : "Moblogs Seen as a Crystal Ball for a New Era in Online Journalism" - by Howard Rheingold urlLink OJR Online Journalism Review. On July 5, a few dozen mobile bloggers -- Web publishers who post photos, video and text to the Web from cell phones and other mobile devices -- gathered in Tokyo for the urlLink First International Moblogging Conference . Futurist Howard Rheingold says the ultimate democratization of the media will not be about technological advances; rather, it will entail upholding old-fashioned standards to earn viewers' trust. Find out more about urlLink History of MoBlogging & urlLink SmartMobs . A wonderful quote from the same article... ... the most important remaining ingredient of a truly democratized electronic newsgathering is neither a kind of hardware nor a variety of software, but a species of literacy ...

 LINUX TORVALDS : The Coolest One / Hot Inside Stephen Shankland of CNET NEWS urlLink interview LINUS TORVALDS. The interview covers the questions related to the SCO lawsuit, his new job at OSDL & his views on Linux. Linus Torvalds seems to be cool in his reactions but actually he may not be very pleased to witness these kind of issues happening with LINUX. His answers on the patent issue raised by SCO on IBM which is affecting LINUX.... "Finding patent infringement has always been a responsibility of the patent holders. I didn't put it there...It is a fact that I do not encourage engineers to look up patent information, for example. You ask any lawyer about it, and they will tell you that I'm right. It's not the job of an engineer to try to find out about other peoples patents, since that just taints them, exactly something you do not want to happen." Ofcoure, Linux has great a great shape over the years and many open source are running into the blood of mainstream IT and Business sector. Innovative programmers and visionaries like LINUS must be really upset over the issue since in certain ways it is affecting the opensource and the linux community.

 CONCERNS : Humans vs. Robots vs. Cyborgs vs. Humans My entire point of writing urlLink Humans vs. Robots vs. Cyborgs vs. Humans was my concern towards the issue since I was shocked by the possibilities. I quickly updated my thoughts on my blog, but then I asked myself this whole issue must be a within many people's mind. I tried searching the net and I was guilty that there are many people who had better views to offer than mine. I was not the first one to get this 'shock'. Tom Woods urlLink in a news group writes ... "I'm not totally up on the fine distinctions of the terminology, but it is my understanding that a "cyborg" is a human that has been enhanced by non-organic parts. Metallic skeletons, computer enhanced brains, that sort of thing. So a cyborg would still be subject to the same motives that any human might experience, they would just be able to act upon those motives with greater ability. And therein lies the story...." The original discussion was started by urlLink AliasMoze with the subject "Stephen Hawking protects us from robots". Alias has posted in reponse to Stephen Hawkings recommendations & views in OBSERVER artcicle urlLink Alter our DNA or robots will take over, warns Hawking : Nick Paton Walsh. The Gaurdian also maintain a page on issue related to urlLink genes ; the devlopment and the ethical issues. From the same discussion thread I also obtained a link to Wired Article urlLink Why the future doesn't need us through the same discussion. The article is written by urlLink Bill Joy , cofounder and Chief Scientist of Sun Microsystems, was cochair of the presidential commission on the future of IT research, and is coauthor ofThe Java Language Specification. The Concern : "Our most powerful 21st-century technologies - robotics, genetic engineering, and nanotech - are threatening to make humans an endangered species" - Bill Joy Bill in his article quotes urlLink Ray Kurzweil author of urlLink The Spiritual Machines "If the machines are permitted to make all their own decisions, we can't make any conjectures as to the results, because it is impossible to guess how such machines might behave. We only point out that the fate of the human race would be at the mercy of the machines." AND "Of course, life will be so purposeless that people will have to be biologically or psychologically engineered either to remove their need for the power process or make them "sublimate" their drive for power into some harmless hobby. These engineered human beings may be happy in such a society, but they will most certainly not be free. They will have been reduced to the status of domestic animals" The original author of these thoughts is Theodore Kaczynski - urlLink the Unabomber . His bombs killed three people during a 17-year terror campaign and wounded many others. Download his urlLink manifesto Bill Joy again quotes urlLink George Dyson from urlLink Darwin Among the Machines , "In the game of life and evolution there are three players at the table: human beings, nature, and machines. I am firmly on the side of nature. But nature, I suspect, is on the side of the machines." There are many such examples, quotes and concerns in the brilliantly written Wired article. Bill Joy has written an excellent piece of work. I now remember that he had also appeared in the documentary on Discovery Channel by which I was shocked. Please have a serious look at the article cos the urlLink CYBORG IS IN THE MAKING

 Animatrix & the Laws of Robotics urlLink Deepak Jois provides this excellent information in reponse to my last entry urlLink http://sanspeak.blogspot.com/2003_07_01_sanspeak_archive.html#105764095988918548">Humans vs. Robots vs. Cyborgs vs. Humans . 1. The 3 Laws of Robotics that were made famous by Isaac Asimov, the science fiction writer. - urlLink Isaac Asimov's "Three Laws of Robotics" "It was formed as part of a series of robot short storis called 'I Robot', and it is a great read on the possible ramifications of machines becoming more and more a part of our day-to-day life. Great book if youhave the time and inclination to read." 2.One of the episodes in the urlLink Animatrix has a story of how machines actually took over the during the time before the Matrix was born. I think they have made it freely downloadable now. - Thanks Deepak

 Humans vs. Robots vs. Cyborgs vs. Humans THE PET ROBOT: The advancements in the field of Robotics and AI are very fast. Honda has trying to develop a robot which can exactly mimic human movements and Sony has already successfully launched artificial electronic pets which can also mimic few emotional states. The technology is advancing very fast, right now the race is to pick up the attributes of the living beings and deliver them with perfection. Most of these attributes are related to the flawless replication of the human movements from the mechanics. But few scientists are trying hard to add the emotional intelligence in to these robots by the way of AI (Artificial Intelligence). Right now we have to take care of these robots because they are highly dependant on us for their existence. But in the near future it is very much possible that these robots can surpass the humans in strength and intelligence. The robots right now cost same as a sports car but can become as cheap and as available as a personal computer. They are supposed to help humans in their daily life and enhance the quality of the life; they can be your electronic maid/servant/nurse/friend/escort and so on. But still they will be dependant on you for their maintenance because they would still be somewhat human like robots. HUMAN vs. ROBOTS By 2050 it is guessed that these robots will become more intelligent and tougher than humans. There will be so many robots that they will be able to take their own care, that is they will form an equivalent of a species. A time will come when the usage of these robots can be against the humans in war and politics. Right now all the evil humans are the result of wrong genes and circumstances. But the evil robot could be a result of a program. Some robots could be programmed as killers and some as savers. The possibility of Humans becoming a sub-species and the robots becoming a dominant species cannot be denied as we are the successful example of how we are dominating the primates of this planet. CYBORGS vs. ROBOTS When the robots will become supreme how are we supposed to conquer them? By becoming half-robot. Half human and half robot termed as Cyborg. Cyborg will be the choice of the next human race. I have used a wrong word choice; it would be the only option. Cyborgs will have the intelligence and flexibility of the human and extra powers & dimensions of a robot. These cyborgs may be fitted with many additional chips which will be senses enhancing. That is, these chips inside us will provide us the extra powers by increasing the capability of seeing, hearing, feeling, communicating, and so on. Chances are that in the near future you wouldnt chat with your buddy you would simply broadcast your thoughts. The humans will become the sub-sub-species and will hold no dominance and value on this planet. The robots and the cyborgs would rule the world. The issue would be between the cyborgs and the robots, they would be the main species on the earth, the fight would be between them and humans would be counted as minority community and almost like slaves. The cyborgs and the robots would be so advanced that we the humans would be treated as chimps. Yes chimps, may be the next generation humans = chimps would be visited by the children of cyborgs & robots in the Zoos on weekends. Robots and cyborgs may complement each other or they would also fight for the dominance. Its very hard to say right now, but it is a surety that humans wont have nay part to play in that; humans would have already played their wrongful part in the past of tomorrow i.e. today. CYBORGS vs. HUMANS Since the major war would be between cyborgs and robots, humans as mentioned above would be reduced to chimps. When the cyborgs that would be half human, would start considering them special they will find that humans are nothing. Robots and cyborgs would have so much extra that they would feel exactly the same as we feel about the chimps. But since these robots and cyborgs are related to humans and would be the advanced versions of humans, they are very much likely to pick the quality of the humans i.e. violence. The beauty of the disaster would be that this violence and all the negative qualities would be programmable and with perfection. THE DISCUSSION WILL CONTINUE Now you must be really wondering how am I able to know about our future. I dont know a shit. Few days back when I was lazily channel surfing; I came across this documentary on Discover Channel. The words sub species and humans becoming chimps are not mine. They have come out of some real great scientists and intellectuals. One mister Warwick who is I guess and if I could remember properly is one of the few examples of urlLink living cyborg and one of the first humans to get a chip planted in his body. In his interview he had used the word chimps which would be the future name for humans in the future. This left me shocked, if I have to survive respectfully in the future, I have only one option; to upgrade myself and become a cyborg; otherwise I am a god damn chimp. The advance science of today is still discovering new things about humans, the most hidden part being the human mind and the human behavior. But we would jump fast and skip the process of becoming better humans and jump to become cyborgs. Cyborgs & Robots with human-like mental capabilities (AI) would carry the negative of humans magnified, glorified, horrific and with superfast perfections. Today we are making a huge fuss over the recent, but can you imagine a future with MWPS = Million Wars Per Second or Million WMDs Per Second and imagine this; Mb/MB won't be Mega bits/Bytes, MB would be MEGA BUSH . Now you are serious! JOIN THE DEBATE This month I would publish more blogs on the same topic and Ill continue this discussion Humans Vs Robots Vs Cyborgs Vs Humans on my blog urlLink SanSpeak.BlogSpot.com . I would discuss how it would exactly matter the human race, what points we are missing in mad race for advancement. I would request everybody of you to mail me your thoughts against or for this advancement in technology on my email id sanspeak@rediffmail.com. Think About It.

 President Kalam on Dhirubhai Ambani It is very entertaining to hear and political person since he has all the masala like a typical Indian film. But it is very hard to find any intelligence in such speeches. Prime Minister of India, Mr. Vajpai is believed to be great orator, but he according to me doesnt carry any hope for the youth of India. He chooses his word smartly, disarms his opposition effectively, uses floral language and great Hindi. But his words do not make an honest impression and deliver the intelligence. His words are only good for the political House and dont carry any hope for the citizens of this nation. On the other hand, the speech made by Indian President Mr. Kalam as Dhirubhai Ambani Memorial Lecture made a great impression on me. For the first time I felt that at least there are some people in this country who are where they deserve to be. Mr. Kalam was very honest with his words and carried excellent and extraordinary simplicity. While delivering the lecture he made references, gave credits, cited real life examples, generated enthusiasm, got his audience motivated and most important of all admitted his mistakes so that young can learn from his experiences. He gave a real example of the launching of satellite for the first time in India, how his decision lead to failure and how Mr. Satish Dhavan took the entire responsibility of the failure in front of everybody and when exactly after one year the project was successfully executed Mr. Satish asked Mr. Kalam to take the successful stand in front of everybody. Mr. Satish is an example of some extraordinary people who take the failure on them and give the credit of the success to everybody. Mr. Kalam even admitted that at the time of his failure one journalist even asked him Did we invest 20 crores to let it go in Bay of Bengal. How many leaders can give you examples of their own mistakes in the past? Mr. Kalam took this opportunity to inspire young Indian entrepreneurs to think big by quoting late Sri Dhirubhai, Not aiming high is a crime.

 Dhirubhai Hirachand Ambani 18-12-1932 06-07-2002 Late Sri Dhirubhai Ambani was among the very few people in India who think big. Born in a middle class family, he aimed very high and realized very big dreams with this great vision. It is very hard to find successful examples like Dhirubhai in India; just recently we have started seeing the successful individual achievers and entrepreneurs after the advent of IT in our country. All the successful industrialists today have born with a silver, golden or even platinum spoon and they belong to third or fourth generation in the inheritance chain. But Dhirubhai is the only example who has built everything on his own without any inheritance. He didnt have any IIT or IIM degree to back him up and for that matter not even a full formal education. He was the man of pure guts and spending vision, he worked with his observation & instincts. After his death now his sons Mukesh Ambani and Anil Ambani and working hard to take his dream forward and entering into the diverse fields through Reliance Life Science, urlLink Reliance Infocomm & Reliance Entertainment to name the few. Reliance Infocomm is one such big dream and Reliance dreams to become one of the top 10 telecom companies in the world. Dhirubhai is not just name to be remembered as a great successful example of an Indian industrialist. He is hope for all the budding entrepreneurs in this country and example of a person who truly understood the meaning of VISION.

 Taj Mahal News Updates Although Taj is suposed to urlLink retain its beauty monsoon rains & the recent construction could urlLink pose threat to Taj Mahal. The government has halted construction, but experts say that what has already been done has hemmed in the Jamuna River, and it could rise and flood the gardens of India's greatest architectural marvel, just 300 meters (330 yards) away.

 WMD News Updates Larry Johnson from urlLink freelancestar in his article - urlLink No WMD? Hold Bush accountable writes that "Not only did Bush and his gang deceive us all, but he's also apparently using the same strategy to further his agenda in the Middle East, possibly to attack Iran, Syria, Jordan, maybe even Korea." His comments were in response to the letter published by Elaine Kozora, who think what might be the reason still the action on Iraq was justified. I think he has summed up the entire thing in few lines very beautifully, who ever thinks that we all are making fuss over WMD and this anti-war thing is just a cool fashionable thing 'must' read his article because it doesn't use pages to describe the things. Just read the following comments and understand it for yourself:- If we don't hold this administration accountable right now, then we deserve the scorn of the rest of the world. Not because we have so much, but because we once had a democracy and let it slip away. - Larry Johnson Thanks Larry, Sorry Mr.Bush urlLink Search for WMD Finds 'Bomb' on Internet : The site, which is designed to look like a genuine error message -- replete with "bomb" icon -- is the top result when urlLink "weapons of mass destruction" is entered into search engine Google . When you click the urlLink first link on this search result page, you get a error page saying that, "These Weapons of Mass Destruction cannot be displayed". A must see for all of us including Mr. Bush.And mind you this urlLink "WMD JOKE WEBSITE IS MASSIVE HIT" But US president Mr. Bush is urlLink still at war because "The United States will not stand by and wait for another attack or trust in the restraint and good intentions of evil men." And somebody else is also feeling the heat in UK. Read Economist for the article urlLink The government, the BBC and WMD

 Linux News Updates Darl MCBride, CEO - Sun will visit Japan to meet the founder members of CE Linux Forum and to show them code samples in which the Linux open-source operating system allegedly violates SCO's Unix patents.- urlLink EETIMES and read one more story about the lawsuit urlLink Legal battle brews over IBM'S use of Linux system urlLink Is Linux the biggest thing since the Internet? Linux is having many similarities with the Internet; it's openness, the free usage, the fast growth, the cost effectiveness and the endless opportunities it offers. It is the fastest growing operating system on the planet today. Linux has become a sort of 'swiss knife' for programmers and it professionals around the world. Whatever application you can think of , you can find it on the net and moreover you can 'modify' and 'customize' it without exceeding your budget, absolutely free with the help of over enthusuastic and highly dedicated programmers who make their projects available through sites like urlLink SourceForge , urlLink Freshmeat and many others.

 Patent Battles Between Individuals & Corporations urlLink Inc magazine has maintained the archive of a very interesting article about the famous patent battle fought between inventors and the corporations that stole their patented ideas - urlLink Patent Fending . This article had appeared in their December 1977 issue but still it is a very interesting read. One of the interesting read is battle between Microsoft and Stac Electronics, a small software company, who was awarded $120 million by Microsoft for infringement of its patent for data-compression technology.

 Greatest Disovery Of the century, still 97 years are left for this century, but I am showing my extra respect for CIA & Pakistan & Bush & Lashkar & Qaeda CIA NOW urlLink blows a whistle that - terrorist group al-Qaeda was working with former scientists of Pakistan's nuclear establishment to produce crude weapons of mass destruction, the CIA has said in a new report. USA recenlty has bombed Iraq on the suspicion of WMD, what they are going to do on the confirmation of WMD only Mr. Funny Bush can tell.On the other hand urlLink US implicitly backed Lashkar : Cohen, a lawyer for defendant Randall Todd Royer, told US District Judge Leonie Brinkema that the US government has essentially supported Pakistan and its intelligence agency in its dispute with India over the Kashmir territory, despite an official position of neutrality.Cohen further stated that the Pakistani intelligence agency has supported Lashkar-e-Taiba, and that he will be demanding classified reports from the US government to support his contention.The friendly nation Pakistan and it's over friendly innocent agency urlLink ISI backing Lashkar for global strikes : Pakistan has been extending covert support to the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) to carry out subversive activities globally after Taliban and its militant outfit al-Qaeda fell to the US-led War against Terror, according to a Indian home ministry report. Mr. Bush is no doubt very intelligent person to support Pakistan & reward them with billion dollars ( for wrong reasons) because after the onset of War against Terror by the US-led forces, the ISI and the Pakistani regime made a complete U-turn against Taliban and attempted to create an image that it was against the use of its soil by terrorists and Mr. Bush and supower US completely overlooked & ignored it.The result is that Mr. Musharraf can now proudly says urlLink Nuclear programme is our strength and Foreign Minister Khurshid M. Kasuri says urlLink No US pressure to freeze Pak nukes and ofcouse urlLink there can be no compromise on Kashmir . Thanks Mr. Bush.

 MUNIR KOTADIA :Microsoft open-source NT: Linux's nemesis? Munir Kotadia on ZDnet.co.uk urlLink suggests a very strange solution - "Microsoft has killed off Windows NT, but it should now release its source code to the open-source community in order to fight off the challenge from Linux " According to him - " However much the software giant would like us to forget that NT ever existed -- and push everyone into a Windows Server 2003 upgrade -- there are thousands of developers out there who would love to have the opportunity to turn the ageing OS into a masterpiece. So why not let them have a go by releasing NT 4.0's source code into the open-source community? He further adds that "The developer community regularly moans about the inefficiencies of 'Micro$oft bloatware' and Microsoft has no love for the open-source community. But for the first time, Windows -- albeit a very old version -- would receive some constructive feedback as the code is scrutinised by people that have not been assimilated into the Redmond collective." That's what I call a really sentimental writing, Opensource is great...no doubt, but Bill Gates is not a fool to committ this suicide/harakari. If he does god save his soul. And I know many people are eager to fathom Windows Codes but not for making a contribution towards it. If the same time is 'saved' and 'invested' in opensource software it would be a much greater thing to do. Microsoft is in IT Business and had to deliver things 'at the speed of thought' so had to committ mistakes for competition, monopoly , dominance, time to deliver and etc. But when Opensource has already proved to be a serious tool, why do we need to dig the past for a 'so called great learning experience'.

 LINUX NEWS UPDATES : Andrew Morton joins OSDL urlLink OSDL , Open Source Development Lab is bringing the urlLink right hand of Linus Torvalds on the board. Morton, who currently helps maintain the Linux kernel, has joined forces with the Lab and will be focused on the 2.6 kernel during its maintenance cycle. News.com urlLink article quotes urlLink RedMonk analyst James Governor commenting on the development - "That's some serious heavy hitters on board,This makes ODSL look stronger and more influential." urlLink OSDL Chief Executive Stuart Cohen said in an interview "What we are really looking to accomplish is to become recognized as the center of gravity for Linux.""The addition of Linus and Andrew takes us a long way to being a significant provider and contributor to the development community."

 Reliance CDMA Reliance Infocomm has launched urlLink MONSOON HUNGAMA by offering CDMA Mobile phones at Rs.501 on the spot. You can find loads of people queing outside the reliance office. At the same time Reliance Info subscriber base touches urlLink 20 lakh(2 Million) . There is also a slight modified offer for all the urlLink reliance share holders . There is indeed a mobile revolution happening in this country, a very good example of competition. Now I hope every competitor also competes in providing a good service and making the customer really happy :-).

 How to sell India in 5 minutes PRASHANT HEBBAR of urlLink CIOL writes :- urlLink How to sell India in 5 minutes . PRASHANT stresses the fact - "Great contract research capabilities, best clinical trials test bed, low-cost and quality R&D base is what it offers. Is anyone interested?"

 INDIA INFOTECH NEWS UPDATE urlLink SAP has announced that it is going to urlLink double its work force in India to 2000 since India being on its top urlLink priority . Just recently Dr Henning Kagermann, the 53-year-old physicist and mathematician who took over the reins of SAP as CEO and chairman barely a month ago urlLink visited Silicon Valley of India - Bangalore. Intel plans urlLink Made in India chip by 2005. UK confirms that urlLink India is the preferred global hub for BPO urlLink NIIT : One of the premiere IT education provider from India will urlLink set up 15 centres of excellence (CoEs) in China to offer high-end training for corporations, in the provinces. urlLink CIOL in it's article urlLink "India rules!" discovers that urlLink Gartner is estimating that by 2004, offshoring would be top priority for all US companies & this situation provides India a great opportunity. Further in the article Partha Iyengar, research vice president covering software and offshore sourcing in Gartner says at the 'Opportunities for Indian IT Services providers' Track at the Gartner Summit 2003, July 16-17, Mumbai, that "As the offshore providers increasingly compete with the incumbent global majors, and start to take business away from them, a competitive response by the global majors is giving rise to structural changes in the global services marketplace." Mr. Iyengar adds, 'This will see the emergence of a new order of 'top-tier' Global IT service providers, some of whom will be the current global leaders and some will be from the ranks of the Tier 1 Indian service providers." urlLink Reliance Infocomm is gearing up for urlLink Broadband Rollout as the part of 'Enterprise Broadband Services' .Reliance would also launch its third scheme &#8212; Consumer Convergence Netway, an ethernet-based convergence services, targeting the individual household customers across the country which would enable the household customers to enjoy services such as Internet, audio, video clippings, data services, movie screening and video on demand. This will be under the Reliance Entertainment which is an end-to-end digital company supplementing Reliance Infocomm&rsquo;s operations.

 Jean-Pierre Harrison upset over the religious ceremony for Kalpana Chawla &#8220;KC was not a religious person. She wasn&rsquo;t a Hindu or a Buddhist. And those people agreed that there would not be a religious ceremony,&#8221; he said. &#8220;If she would have been here, she would have walked [away].&#8221; Jean-Pierre Harrison, Late Kalpana Chawla's husband comments while watching the groundbreaking urlLink ceremony for the Kalpana Chawla residence hall. For more news and updates in the memories of Kalpana Chawla visit urlLink Kalpana Chawla In Space . A portal dedicated in the memory of Kalpana Chawla and news, article, forums & links about Kalpana Chawla, India, Space, Science & Technology.

 Linux Vs SCO Vs UNIX NEWS UPDATES urlLink SCO-IBM Dispute Could Help Solaris says McNealy, the cheif executive. Since, Sun is in good graces with SCO, licensing intellectual property for its Unix-based Solaris software.He added further that "There's no question we're going to go after the AIX base and say Solaris is free and clear, with no legal or intellectual cloud hanging over it." Law School Professor, EBEN MOGLEN General Counsel to urlLink FSF (Free Software Foundation) & one of its board of directors writes on SCO vs IBM : urlLink SCO's lawsuit won't cripple Linux and issued a FSF Statement on SCO v. IBM, which you can find on the same INQUIRER page urlLink SCO feeds the IT industry trolls : Opinion Roasting of clowns article of the INQUIRER points out that It's not helpful that some industry analysts, certain pundits, and a few paid shills are leaping at opportunities to climb on SCO's careening bandwagon and gleefully bash GNU and Linux as well as Open Source software in general. urlLink Linux enthusiasts picket SCO & SCO is preparing for the long-haul in its legal battle against IBM and others for allegedly stealing parts of its Unix code.But IBM lawsuit expenses can hurt SCO & urlLink Interview: SCO chief Darl McBride

 WMD UPDATES Just headlines and no crap. Pure sexed up WMD stories. urlLink Blix Retires, WMD Hunt Must Go On urlLink Bush credibility linked to WMD in Iraq urlLink Weapons of mass deception: Make the liars pay urlLink Flu the new WMD urlLink NO SADDAM, NO WMD, PLENTY OF OIL; IRAQIS ANGERED BY US GOVERNANCE urlLink Release of New PIPA/Knowledge Networks Poll on Iraq: WMD, Links ... urlLink Utah facility tests WMD defenses urlLink Who Lost the WMD? urlLink US for alliance to plug WMD exports' urlLink Whither WMD? Hunt for Iraqi weapons also search for truth urlLink Bush goes back to well urlLink Red Cross offers WMD classes urlLink WMD Accusations Are Premature urlLink War of wars between British Govt and BBC over WMD Government accused of obstructing WMD probe urlLink Former UK Foreign Secretary Says Some WMD Intel Was 'Plainly Accurate"

 Bombay First Bombay First is an initiative to make the city a better place to live, work and invest in. It aims to serve the city with the best that private business can offer. It will achieve this by addressing the problems of today and the opportunities of tomorrow, through partnerships with government, business and civil society. Vision Statement: Bombay First will help to improve the economic and social infrastructure of the city to make it globally competitive and improve the quality of life of its citizens. Strategy Bombay First aims to achieve its mission by : Advocating : creating public opinion based on facts and researched information. Networking : bringing together people and institutions from diverse fields to resolveproblems and find solutions. Catalyzing : creating an environment, by setting in motion processes whereby things begin to happen. Facilitating : forming an agenda for action and helping to organize resources for effective, efficient performance. MUMBAI STATISTICS AND INFORMATION ON BOMBAYFIRST urlLink Mumbai in Maharashtra State & India urlLink Population & Employement in Mumbai urlLink Mumbai Infratructure urlLink Mumbai Industries and Investment urlLink Banking, Finance & Capital Markets in Mumbai urlLink Mumbai Tax Revenue & Civic Budget urlLink Mumbai Social Sector urlLink Mumbai Law & Order urlLink Mumbai Trade & Tourism urlLink Mumbai Miscellenous

 Indiacause.com Explains Terrorism As expected, section of politicians and the Pseudo-Secular media are pointing their fingers at Gujarat as the cause of the Mumbai blasts. This is exactly what they want Indians to believe. This is the typical promotion of Jihadism by the Indian P-Sec community. According them, any terrorist attack on India is of a retaliatory nature and hence expected or may be rightful. Thank God, they are not pointing Gujarat fingers to 9/11, Bali, UN and many such terrorist attacks, before and after. In reality, the Pakistan sponsored terrorism has nothing to do with any event in India. The ultimate objective of Pakistan is balkanization of India and hence the attacks on India will never cease untill our politicians can show the Iron will to wipe out Pakistani terrorism. Pakistan can not continue their terrorism even one day if the international community desires so. For the international community to desire so, India will have to become the economic and the military power with Will to destroy the terrorist network, infrastructure and camps across the border and liquidate their leaders. And to develop that will our P-Sec community and the politicians need to be exposed and thrashed forever. [Source : Indiacause.com NewsLetter, Read complete article at urlLink Indiacause ]

 Mumbai Bomb Blast : Crocodile Tears Every death is an opportunity for the politicians to appear in the news channel and do the verbal fart. All the politicians from state level to national level were here, were here for what? Don't they know, that their visit will put extra stress on Police force & extra burden on city which is already depressed. And what do these politicians exactly do over there? nothing...just verbal farting and shitting around (sorry the shit word has more value than their words). Times Of India : On the front page in the article : Visiting Politicians get the stick : 27 August 2003 TOI recived many letter from the readers and collected comments from various people on the politicians who open their shop at the site of disaster. Homai Elavia says : "It's bad enough that citizens of Mumbai have to face periodic bomb blasts. What's worse is to listen to 'chota-mota' politicians shooting off their big mouths," on the BJP action(?) of demanding resignation of the ruling government, "if this is all they have to say at this time, shut up." Nawaz Mody, head of the politics department at Mumbai University, blames it on the television age, "Increasingly, politicians views these tragedies as photo-ops and literally jostle to get into the frame. What they don't realize is that the public can see just how shameless they are." While these politicians & VIPs were at the disaster sites and hospital indulging in "crocodile-tears" tourism....... 200 shops in the Mumbadevi area were forced to shut their shop. The peace of hospital and relief operation were distrubed at JJ and G.T hospital. At these hospital distraught friends and relatives were kept outside, for the comfort and security of these VIPs in the hospital. Throughout Mumbai you could see more police on roads for the safety of these VIPs and not Mumbai.

 Why Mumbai Has Become The Target Of Terrorism B. Raman on Sify writes : Like New York in the US, Mumbai in India has been a tempting target for jihadi terrorists since 1993. It is the economic and financial capital of India. It is the base of India's off-shore oil industry. It is one city in India, which comes nearest to any Western city in its role as the engine of India's industrialisation and modernisation. It provides a vision of what the rest of India could be in the years to come if the modernisation and globalisation policies of the Government continue to make progress. urlLink More... News urlLink Taxi driver provides vital clues to Mumbai blasts

 Mumbai Bomb Blast & Politics Describing the bomb blasts in Mumbai today as "extremely alarming", the Deputy Prime Minister, L.K. Advani, said that investigations were on to establish who were behind them. (Dear Sir. now you find it "extremely alarming"... did you earlier think it was a "Die Hard" sequel) He said the security agencies would know within a short time who was behind the explosions. Mr. Advani, who is scheduled to visit Aurangabad tomorrow, may also visit the blast sites. (They will be making a great achivement, after the naming ceremony... everything will be accomplished and more blast case will be eagerly awaited) The Defence Minister, George Fernandes, said he suspected that the blasts were the handiwork of terrorists. "My impression is some terrorist group must have masterminded the blasts," Mr. Fernandes, said in Nagpur, after attending a function at Amravati. (Oh we thought, some kindergarden kids were playing bomb...bomb) Dear politicians, keep your mouth shut...let the death not be mocked.

 The Union Minister of State for Home, Swami Chinmayanand Honourable Sh. Swami Chinmayanand , The Union Minister of State for Home, Swami Chinmayanand states that there has been no failure of intelligence (agency) regarding Mumbai Bomb Blast. Only thing that happened was, the last blasts were not taken very seriously. This is what our home minister speaks, we must be obliged that he didn't say "Its God Wish".

 Mumbai Bomb Blast We could have never imagine that urlLink News.Google.com would give these links on their page for Mumbai. Unfortunate but true...Mumbai, the dream city is on the headlines of media all around the world for a reason which is very heartbreaking. Mumbai is the city of hope, dreams, fast pace, and life ...lots of life.. the city never sleeps...no body can stop mumbai...but mumbai is broken...into pieces...after 1993 and recent incident...it was carrying a scar and once again its wounded again...the city will live.. it can never die.. but for some people..it would never..be the same again...today also ..between the bomb blast...some of us ...are happy to go home early...have a cutting tea and vada pav ..near the crowded stalls at stations...people were more shocked by 9/11...but we as a indian or as a mumbgaikar ... have accepted the terrorism... as far is nobody from our family is affected...it is somebody elses loss...i am ashamed...the city is killed...and the life goes on...is it our victory ... is it our tolerance... what is it? may be mumbadevi and gateway of india are not as glamorous as twin towers... death is photogenic... urlLink Serial blasts rock Mumbai, 40 killed urlLink No Singaporeans hurt in Mumbai blasts, so far: MFA urlLink Stocks, Rupee and bonds fall after Mumbai blasts urlLink Twenty-five Killed, 100 Injured in Mumbai Explosions (Update1) urlLink CM asks Mumbai residents to stay calm urlLink Pakistan says Mumbai bomb blasts acts of terrorism urlLink Blasts shock Mumbai into silence urlLink Mumbai witnesses six blasts in eight months ... urlLink more on mumbai bomb blast

 Serial Bomb Blasts in Mumbai Today, till 1.56 noon there have been 4 serial bomb blasts in Mumbai. Coming Up.... Updated Body Count minute by minute on TV channels. Spicy Gossips and Jokes in every corner Shiv Sena and BJP will declare 4 day bandh (if this stops at 4) ( at the rate of 1 day per blast) People will enjoy stay at home News channel who are up to date, will have increased revenue. Retired judges will get employement in commission CBI will be asked to investigate. Politician will have party on this serial funeral New vote bank and slogans will be created and so on and so on and so on MUMBAI CITY HAS DIED ONCE AGAIN. FOR ALL THOSE WHO DIED, THERES A COMPENSATION WAITING FOR YOU....AND FOR ALL THOSE WHO ARE ALIVE THERE IS DEATH WAITING FOR YOU. http://www.rediff.com/news/2003/aug/25blast.htm http://www.rediff.com/news/mumbai-blasts.htm AND SHAME ON ME I AM WRITING THIS BLOG AT THIS TIME TO SHOW MY BLOODY AWARENESS.

 Star Parivar Awards Yesterday I was very fortunate to see the Star Parivar Awards, a Star India Hindi Channel's self appreciation awards. One of the wonderful award presentted was "Best Saut" on television. Saut = Second Wife / Mistress. Star TV is laying the foundation of intellectual out of family relationship, how exiting! when we will have relationship in abundance. A child will have option to choose a new father or mother on a montlhy or weekly basis, you will be able to have weekend wife & so on..... Coming up from urlLink Star Plus ... Best Bastard Best Divorce Best Pimp Best Prostitute Best Rape Best Abortion Best Incest Remember, it's all in the family. Kahani Ghar Ghar Ki. Kyoki Saas Bhi Kabhi Saut Thi, Des Me Nikali Hogi Saut....

 Drink Pesticides Have Fun, Die Early Indian government declares Pepsi and Coke are safe to drink by urlLink domestic standards(?) .On the other hand, DDT, lead, zinc become part of urlLink vegetable soup recipe as discovered by the All India Coordinated Research Project on Pesticides (AICRP). So you must not worry over pesticides in Soft Drinks, you are also having your daily dose through... Vegetables Drinking Water Fruits Milks and so on... Relax, Shiv Sena and BJP and all other Swadeshis are not going to act on this, 'cos these things are 100% made in India. In india once the problems becomes universal it becomes a part of commonly accepted standards. So by our domestic standards.... "drink pesticides have fun, die early". - Indian Democrazy Rocks!. Long Live Indian Politics and Public Awareness.

 Life and Death of Kevin Carter urlLink Kevin Carter (1961-1994) - South Africa Pulitzer Prize winner, Kevin Carter, took his own life months after winning the Pulitzer Prize for feature photography for a haunting Sudan famine picture. A free-lance photographer for Reuter and Sygma Photo NY and former PixEditor of the Mail&Gaurdian, Kevin dedicated his carrer to covering the ongoing conflict in his native South Africa. He was highly honoured by the prestigious Ilford Photo Press Awards on several occasions including News Picture of the Year 1993. Kevin is survived by a seven year old daughter, Megan. [Source - urlLink http://picturenet.co.za/photographers/kc/ ]

 Indian Reforms : Need For Speed Indian Privatisation Minister Arun Shourie has warned that Chinas economy will outstrip Indias six times over in the next 15 years if India continues with its present slow pace of economic reform. :: ARAB TIMES :: urlLink Speed up reforms or China will outstrip India six-fold - Arun Shourie Also supporting is the report by the Congressional Research Service (CRS) said US government officials and analysts believe that India has tremendous long-term potential for economic growth but they also think that excessive regulations and bureaucracy could hinder realization of that potential. :: SIFY :: urlLink Regulations hamper India's growth: Report

 History of Mathematics in India In all early civilizations, the first expression of mathematical understanding appears in the form of counting systems. Numbers in very early societies were typically represented by groups of lines, though later different numbers came to be assigned specific numeral names and symbols (as in India) or were designated by alphabetic letters (such as in Rome). Although today, we take our decimal system for granted, not all ancient civilizations based their numbers on a ten-base system. In ancient Babylon, a sexagesimal (base 60) system was in use. - Read the entire Article : urlLink Science in India: History of mathematics: Indian Mathematicians and Astronomers,

 NDTV : Amir Khan and Barkha with Indian Soldiers Amir Khan belongs to one of the rare and extinct categories of 'intelligent' film personalities in India. He once again proved himself to be the action man, by spending 2 weeks with Indian soldiers at the border. Yesterday on NDTV there was a long programme which showed Amir Khan in person chatting with the indian soldiers and having a nice entertaining time with them. The porgrammes was covered by none other than one of the few intelligent faces on the indian television scress - Ms. Barkha Roy, she is also famous for her 'Kargil coverage'. Amir is rarely seen in the public events and the stage shows, atleast in my knowledge he rarely participates in a commercial stage shows and other functions. By other functions I mean, performing in private parties, marriages and birthday's. But he was at his best with the Indian Soldiers and gave entertaining replies to the questions asked by soldiers. He danced and sang along with them. Only Amir was not on the stage, there were also some 'star soldiers' performing on the stage and Amir was delighted to be the one of the audience. The most moving part was when soldiers cried, when they were shown recorded video messages from home asking them "Ghar Kab Aooge?". (When you will come, home). Message from Indian Soldiers on religion and hindu-muslim unity. " In army there is only one religion, i.e to serve the nation" - by an indian soldier" NDTV, Barkha, Amir... there could have been no other way to celegrate our 56th Independance Day. These unknows soldiers protect our independance, isn't it. Let's say thanks to them.

 Ethnic Films Mr. Satish (Ethnic) Kaushik is a great ethnic film director, he is father of ethnic movie making in India. He has made a ethnic film called ehtnic 'Tere Naam' an unfortunate (ethnic) obsessive love story. It stars ethnic Salman Khan in new and ethnic hair style with an ethnic cigarette in his hand, he wears ethnic pants and ethnic leather wear. This ethnic movie shows and ethnic small village with ethinic villians and ethnic sex bombs with ethnic psychos behind them. - The ethnic behind the scenes look, from the making of 'Tere naam' Please stop me, make me cry, I may die laughing. Statuatory Warning : Ethnicity is injurous to brain. Coming up : Ethnic porn.

 urlLink TIME - Richard Corliss - Bollywood: Frequently Questioned Answers Richard Corliss gets an education in Indian cinema from his readers 1. Why are Indian movies so long? 2. Why don't the characters kiss on the mouth? 3. Why do the characters have to sing and dance? 4. Why don't the actors sing? 5. Why can't they dance? 6. Why are the actors usually light-skinned, even in films from Southern India? 7. What's with those kooky credits? 8. What's the Hindi word for "plagiarism"? 9. Tell me about non-Bombay Indian cinema. 10. Where can you get DVDs? Also find what urlLink BollyWHAT has to say about this.

 Remembering Dewang Mehta (1962-2001) urlLink Dewang Mehta was born on August 10, 1962. He was the brand ambassador of the entire Indian IT Industry and did a wonderful job when he was the president of urlLink NASSCOM . To commemorate the birth anniversary of Late Dewang Mehta, NASSCOM, National Association of Software and Service Companies, has announced its support for the Indian team that is participating at the International Olympiad in Informatics 2003. - urlLink News Today Remember this man was among the first ones to say... "India has all the pre-requisites to emerge as the software superpower of the 21st century". - Late Dewang Mehta urlLink AN ICON REVISITED -REMEMBERING DEWANG MEHTA ON HIS 42ND BIRTHDAY BY. HARISH MEHTA DY. CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR ONWARD NOVELL SOFTWARE (I) LTD

 Rain Water Harvesting . Org - Solution to water crisis - Technology and Systems Yesterday I came across a wonderful advertisement of RainWaterHarvesting.org. This ad is so brilliantly conceptualized and developed that you will be surely inspired to do something about the water harvesting. urlLink Rainwater Harvesting - Solution to water crisis - Technology and Systems

 Living by the Book Linda Knapp writes on Seattle Times how urlLink Books offer step-by-step way to learn new software The convinience of the electronics is immense but our analog eyes will take some time to get compatible with the digital screens. Books helps in the in-depth learning of a subject at our convinience, all other methods act as additional ways to gain knowledge. Classroom learning and practice sharpens our knowledge but the basic foundation can be laid only after a thorough reading.

 SCO Battle Rooted In Unix History urlLink CRN : Daily Archives : SCO Battle Rooted In Unix History . Matthew Fordahl explains on urlLink CRN how SCO Group's is attempting to squeeze a revenue stream out of Linux is rooted in the long and tangled history of computer operating systems.

 Rajat Kapoor, Movie (Raghu) Romeo Rajat Kapoor, an alumnus of the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), also actively involved with theatre, acting and modelling on both TV and film. He was Preity Zinta's maternal uncle in movie "Dil Chahta Hai", this handsome and intelligent looking person has also entered into film making. urlLink Raghu Romeo is his latest venture, which has also entered in to urlLink Locrano Film Festival . Raghu Romeo is ... ""...about a about a man who takes television too seriously. The 30 year old waiter lives with his widowed mother in a ramshackle lower middle class tenemant. A dancer, Sweety, is in love with Raghu and a gangster Anna is in love with Sweety. One shining light inspires Raghu to coast through his humdrum existence with a semblance of equanimity - the ideal woman Neeta who unfortunately is not a real person but a character in the long running all time hit soap opera, Dard. Reshma, the actress who plays Neeta, is hardly like the character she portrays. What happens when reality collides with fantasy? A madcap adventure that ends with Raghu finally growing up.""- Synopsis at UpperStall.com Raghu is played by Vijay Raaz, an always brilliant actor. You must remember this noticable actor from "Monsoon Wedding", he had played the "Shaadi Ka Contractor". The most innovative thing about this movie is the arrangement of finanance. When Rajat felt short of few lakhs for this movie, he floated email to his friends to become part producers of this movie and yes, he got support and finance through this. Really, anything is possible if you have passion and determination. I have not seen the movie, but storyline and the people involved are really exiting. Best of luck to these guys who give us the real different movies.

 India's first Nigeria 419 case registered Its official nowthe Howrah, Kolkata-based businessman, Piyush Kankaria is the first "officially registered" victim of Nigeria 419 Scam in India and the West Bengal police is the first, to register it. Piyushs complaint was registered by the Howrah police under section 420 of the Indian Penal Code along with Section 75(2) of the IT Act 2000. India's first Nigeria 419 case registered urlLink CIOL Read my previous urlLink blog entry = Nigeria 419 Scam /Advance Fee Fraud regarding this. The CIOL also maintains urlLink www.dqindia.com/nscam - Nigeria 419 Scam /Advance Fee Fraud A Resource Guide

 ExTerminators:The Judgement Day & the GigaDeaths urlLink Hugo de Garis is concerned that massively intelligent machines ("artilects") could become infinitely smarter than human beings, leading to warring factions over the question: should humanity risk building artilects? Result: gigadeaths. Read his article urlLink "Building Gods or Building Our Potential Exterminators?" With the help of Moore's Law he points that Robot artificial intelligence is evolving a million times faster than human intelligence as the chip technology is advancing and increasing the electronic performance massively. He himself is involved in the development of the artifical brain and believes that soon the artificial brained "artilects" (artificial intellects) would be million times more intelligent than the human beings. For humans he predicts "gigadeaths", the results of the war between the anti-humans and anti-machine groups. He uses the word 'giga' since we will be much more equipped and capable of mass killing each other. I am basically anti-machine since I believe there has to be limit and ethics to everything. And believe it or not, even if you are not the fan of Terminator and Matrix and similar sci-fi, the end of humans from the hands of robots and cyborgs is very much near. But, Mr. Hugo raises a very valid, strange and shocking point. In the very modern and futuristic world, cyborgs and robots will be the extension or evolution of human beings. If we stop at just being human, he thinks that it will be more tragical than getting killed by robots. Extending this debate further... Can we non artificial and natural, made in flesh human beings take this planet further?. Can we truly say that we are moving towards the better civilized society and better human civilization.? Are we safe from each other? Or will we be more safe from robots and cyborgs than humans?. If we have not made the better society and better utilization of resources, what is the possibility that our future will be safe in hands of we, the humans.? Will it be not a better option, if we gave this artifical robots to save the nature? Even if this planet is supposed to meet the same future of destruction, wouldn't it be better if it meet its end through super intelligent robots than super self-destructing humans Please remember... All our progress is measured in artificial world, naturally speaking we are a failure. The natural evolution of human beings has already stopped.m - urlLink Santoshkumar

 Experential Marketing urlLink Dr. Bernd Schmitt is a professor in urlLink Columbia Business School and recently conducted a seminar in India on urlLink Experential Marketing and stressed on Customer Experience Management (CEM). He elaborates on providing the wholesome experience to the customer; that can be a end user, or the business partner (B2B) and most importantly it can also be the internal employee. The wholesome experience constitutues the unique scenario in which customer is 'in', the current trends, the needs of the customer, the emotion of the customer, making the product appealing to the customer so that all his senses are involved. The product should be exiting to hear, look, feel, touch & use.

 Mumbai Dying Mumbai is one of the richest cities in the world and definitely the richest city in India. But nowhere else in the World you can find the costliest piece of land attached with a slum. That's mumbai, very unique and very disturbing. The Mumbai Experiment: Take small stones and pebbles, put them in a jar and shake it vigorously. The mumbai is the jar and the stones and people are mumbaikars, brushing each other, struggling and often hitting each other but no one is standing still because one cannot afford to stand still in Mumbai. He will be hit, thrown and replaced. The Mumbai's Slums: If you are pro poor and very romantic & artistic person, you would love to fart about the unity in diversity of Mumbai. But mind you, diversity only looks good when you are observing from a distance and you are definitely not in it. People who are away from it, either disgust it or fantasize human rights and what not?. People who face it are the Middle Class, people who educate themselves, fight hard for jobs, run for home loans for a place which is outside the city just because the land which is available in the city has either been commercialized or slumized. The middle class deserves no free lunch. But these poor people who are land encroachers will get free accomodation under the slum rehabilitation scheme. The fact is very much evident that Indian democrazy never recognizes talent and merit, it only recognizes vote bank. Post Rehabilitation: Is rehab a solution? What do these slum dwellers come to Mumbai. Some are genuine and most of are here for wrong reasons; films, crime, prostitution, injustice, etc. Some of their problem can be very much solved at the source of it. But we never try to solve any problems at the source, becuase if the problem is solved at source it is 'eradicated' and prevented to grow. If some problems can be prevented, how politician will fuel their manifestoes and speeches. After we rehab the slums in concrete strucutures, what are they supposed to do? Do they open a canteen, barber shop, butcher house, shoe polish, laundry, brotherel, garage, pan-bidi shop, etc on the 2nd or 3rd floor of the building provided to them. The slum economy is very hard to understand and very complex, the slum economomy is a road economy, the slums are growing and existing beacause a slum is a market cum resedential complex. If you take the slum out of the market crashes and these slum dwellers will have a more tough life, becase their existance is not based on the survival of the fittest and upon the merit system. The Solution: Understand & Act: If you think this is Mumbai's problem, you are wrong and or idiot, stupid or corrupt. This is problem of the nation beacuse every city has a slum. This problem is linked with education, health-care, infrastructure and employment. This problem exists because we have not been able to isolate villages and cities, understand their unique requirements and meet the needs for the development. Development need not be in 'pockets' it must spread everywhere. The talent and merit system should be applicable everywhere. The laws is a not a historical text, it is a system, therefore it becomes useless after certain period. There should be law for marriages & having number of childrens. You must qualify to become a parent. Notice to all NGOs and Human Rights Organization (before they cry & shout). Reproduction cannot be considered as a human right, because here were are not talking about the rights of the parent, we are talking about the rights of the childrens. Rural India needs focus and development. Politicians should be accountable on a daily basis in the office and in the house (parliament). There should be a point system to all there activities, the person who gets the set number of points should only be allowed to contest for an election or atleast that should be a crtiteria for evaluating candidates. We must exactly now how many hours a these politcians put in usefull activities. All the government activities must be transparent. I must know as a citizen what is happening in my state. Not by going to certain government office but through technologies like Internet & networked kiosks. To sum up the matter, yes, the solution is not simple because the problem is complex. Therefore it does not deserve an instant solution at the destination, it should be treated at the source which is very long and uncomfortable. OOps! Do you still think it is the problem of Mumbai???

 India BioTech Blast urlLink Biotech Industry Set To Grow By 30% In 2003-04: Study : "The urlLink BioSpectrum -ABLE study carries details of over 200 of the countrys most promising companies and lists Indias top 50 biotech companies turnover-wise. The 10 leading biotech companies in terms of turnover are urlLink Biocon India , Bangalore (Rs 255 crore), urlLink Panacea Biotec , Delhi (Rs 169.88 crore), urlLink Wipro HealthScience , Bangalore (Rs 98.55 crore), urlLink Wockhardt (Rs 74 crore), urlLink Haffkine Bio-Pharmaceutical (Rs 72.90 crore), urlLink Eli Lilly (Rs 71.31 crore), urlLink Nicholas Piramal (Rs 70.64 crore), Krebs Biochem (Rs 64.16 crore), Bharat Serums (Rs 58 crore) and urlLink Indian Immunologicals (Rs 55.31 crore). ".....

 India : The most favored BPO nation This is what cyber-coolies are creating for India, are you listening?.... urlLink India: Destination of choice for BPO - Sify.com : "The most popular destinations for the migration of business processing activities found were India (with 24 per cent executives voting in its favour), China (15 per cent), Mexico (13 per cent), Brazil (10 per cent) and Czech Republic (8 per cent). 'India is clearly the destination of choice for business processing services across all industries. There are tens of thousands of well-educated, English-speaking and highly motivated engineering, IT, and accounting professionals in India with the skills and capabilities auto manufacturers and suppliers need for offshore business processing,' Nagi Palle, co-author of the research and a principal at AT Kearney said. "

 VSNL, the best ISP in ASIA urlLink VSNL third best ISP in Asia: Survey - The Times of India : UK-based network specialist urlLink NetConfigs Ltd has ranked urlLink Videsh Sanchar Nigam Ltd (VSNL) as the third best Internet Service Provider (ISP) in Asia and 29th in the world from among a total of 11,000 ISPs globally.

 The Creative Sucessors of Indian Advertising urlLink Gen Next of Indian advertising - The Times of India : "the 10 people who will rule the creativity charts of Indian advertising after the troika hang up their magic wands." * Anuja Chauhan Alva, vice president and senior creative director, JWT * Mahesh V and Rajiv Rao, creative directors of Ogilvy & Mather * Naren Multani, national creative director, films, McCann-Erickson * Nishant Gangadharan, copy supervisor, Orchard Bangalore * Nitesh Tiwari, creative director, Lowe * Rahul Sengupta, group creative director, Lowe * Ramanuj Shastry creative director at McCann-Erickson Mumbai. * Senthil Kumar creative director of JWT * Sharon Nayak, unit creative director of Lowe, Bangalore

 To MBA or Not to Perhaps the MBA is the most sought after degree in India today. But is it really worth the trouble? Comments urlLink Mahesh Murthy in his Business world column... urlLink || Businessworld - To B-school or not to be||

 Cyber coolies ? In Sunday Times of India you will land up on a debate regarding call centers and cyber coolies, people who have lost their identity, working at odd timings for a firang company and living a shaky life. Some professor from Delhi University points all the black in such lifestyle and critisizes it heavily. What I can understand from all this is that.... (1) We would not care what opportunities we are providing. (2) But if somebody starts earning from whatever he has from an opportunity offered from outside, he is called a 'slave' a 'cyber coolie'. (3) Do we know that ? The entire IT revolution is result of the 'Brain Drain' & excellent performance of 'code coolism' during Y2K slavery period. (4) Mind you nobody in this world cares about India as a nation (not even the indians who show that 'they care'), the entire progress and revolution is happening due to 'few indians' who give positive image of India to rest of the India and the world. (5) You cannot just become IT super power without stepping on the first step, that you call 'coolism'. Once we become fully qualified coolies then only we can move up the value chain to become lords of the IT ring. (6) Can you all critics shut your mouth and give some positivity and energy to the Indian youth. Even porn stars from foreign land provide more energy and motivation than Indian politicians, so called gurus, intellectuals and popular faces. READ THIS.... Aren't Indians mostly involved in code writing and are often referred to as 'cyber-coolies'? I object to the word cyber-coolie. While it may describe the job, the word coolie has a negative connotation. I want to remind you that for 50 years since the independence, our politicians, intellectuals and scientists did not get us the kind of "respect" in the world what these "cyber-coolies" have got us in a few years time. We need to acknowledge them and their work for making us feel proud to be an Indian. urlLink Arjun Mehrotra chairman of Techspan in India Today

 DO-NOT-CALL urlLink Do not call is a mobile and telephone spam prevention list, if somebody call on the numbers in the list is penalized heavily. urlLink Call centres forced to close : HindustanTimes.com : "US DO-NOT-CALL listswhich include names of Americans who dont want to receive telemarketing callshave put many Indian call centres in a spot, forcing some to shut down." However..... urlLink Court Rules Against USA Do-Not-Call Registry | on NewsDay : : But Bob Corn-Revere, an attorney for the American Teleservices Association, a trade group, hailed the ruling as "a good start." Corn-Revere said that consumers already have the right to tell telemarketers not to call them, and that a federal database is unnecessary. "We don't object to people saying 'don't call me,'" Corn-Revere said. "We object to the big federal database."

 India BPO reputation grows urlLink Motown too bets big on Indian BPO - The Economic Times : "Indias BPO reputation is rubbing off on Motown as well. According to a study by consultancy firm urlLink AT Kearney , which sampled opinions from American auto executives, India emerged as the top outsourcing destination with 24% of the respondents giving it the thumbs up. "

 Realty BPO hires urlLink Realty BPO to hire 1,000 more by June 2004 - The Economic Times : "Global Realty Outsourcing, a BPO firm with two facilities in Chennai, plans to expand its operations in the country to 1,000 employees by June 2004. Its current workforce of around 350 people over 50 per cent are CAs or MBAs crunch numbers from Chennai to help GROs clients in the US make million-dollar investments in real estate."......

 Growth in IT Hiring urlLink Indian IT hiring gets a restart, breaks new grounds : HindustanTimes.com : "Number of professionals IT companies will hire in coming months Wipro 9,000 Infosys 5,000 TCS 5,000 Oracle 3,000 Convergys 3,000 Cognizant 1,700 Satyam 1,000 Sutherland1,500"

 India Inside It's India inside, we have been leading the IT industry from quite some time now and proved our metal also. Now the need is to make India , the 'product' country to create brands like urlLink iflex , providing banking software. Even Wipro is trying hard to enter into the consulting space and many are following the same suit. With dedicated promotions and combined efforts of the industry, India will surely become a product supplier also. I hope we don't miss the hardware industry, we have some cool brains in that area also. urlLink Nasscom to sell country with 'India Inside' campaign - The Economic Times : The National Association of Software and Services Companies ( Nasscom ), is stepping up its efforts to build the India Inside brand, projecting the sub-continent as a destination for software product development activity.".......

 Sad Shourie urlLink Mr. Shourie is may be the only person in politics whom you can listen and find intelligence in all his words. But the politics and even the court seems to be against him. urlLink Economist.com | India's economy : " urlLink ARUN SHOURIE , India's minister for disinvestment (the preferred Indian euphemism for privatisation), did not urlLink conceal his frustration at a Supreme Court judgment on urlLink September 16th . Collared by the press on a visit to Berlin, he lamented that the ruling, which scuppers for the time being the privatisation of two state-owned oil companies, was a major setback with huge consequences. The court ruled that the sales required explicit parliamentary approval, which the government cannot be certain of securing. These sales were the centrepiece of its privatisation plans for this year (as they were, in fact, last year), and the ruling will also affect some other asset sales. Worse, it helps foster the impression that the system has an institutional bias against economic reform. This is the difference between India and China, complained Mr Shourie. In India everybody has a veto." .....

 The rise of Call Centers Although the happenings in the call centre arena are inspiring and towards our side and we are lreading the race, it should be realized that in future if we want to maintain such dominance we need to gear up for good infrastructure support, talent discovery and retaining the same and most importantly incentive to invest in India. English speaking talent can only take us here and that will not be a big advantage in future, all the state CMs are you listening? urlLink India, Philippines, China to enjoy sharp rise in call centres Manila: India, Philippines and China are expected to enjoy a sharp rise in the number of call centre stations next year, the head of a Sydney-based industry think-tank said. Martin Conboy, Chief Officer of urlLink Callcentres.net said that this was the result of a survey of 824 organizations throughout the region representing call centres in India, China, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, and Thailand........

 India : Knowledge Power Again this is talking about private investment in knowledge sectore & technology. What incentive does government offer?. If red tape is cut and speed is introduced in our system we can have thousands of IITs and IIMs. The countries lead by research. CSIR has just realized the importance of patenting the technologies. Dr. Mashelkar may bring some energy in to that, best luck. urlLink India to emerge as knowledge power: Dr Mashelkar Nearly 80 per cent of India's spend on science and technology is still done by the government, with private industry participation at barely 20 per cent. The Indian government spends 1.1 per cent of its gross domestic product on research and development in science and technology. This figure has gone up compared to 1995-97 when the government's spend on R&D was just about 0.71 per cent. Most developed countries spend about 3 per cent of their GDP on R&D in science and technology. Yet urlLink Dr R A Mashelkar , director general of the urlLink Council of Scientific and Industrial Research , the largest chain of industrial research and development institutions in the world, with 38 laboratories and about 22,000 employees, believes that India is poised to become the largest 'knowledge producer' in the world........

 Lloyd to move jobs to India urlLink UK's Lloyds to move 1,500 jobs to India Despite protests from a section of trade unions, more British financial services jobs are destined for India with urlLink Lloyds TSB announcing that 1,500 jobs will be created in Bangalore and Hyderabad by the end of next year

 Extreme Stupidity In India you can watch obscene politics, die due to negligence of a doctor or government official in train or a road, but you cannot discuss something which some smarty thinks is harmful to you. Does Indian CERT realize how important these groups are? it might be a question of life or death for somebody looking for medical information or a question of future for some aspiring student, but who cares?. Shut all the news channels and politically funded news papers because they throw more shit on us. Relax, this is democrazy. urlLink CIOL : News : India bans Yahoo! Groups Yahoo! Groups, a well-known discussion and community e-groups service, has been banned in India. Following a directive from the urlLink Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In) , a Ministry of IT group formed under the IT Act to provide security advisory and guidelines, the Indian ISPs have blocked the URL of Yahoo! Groups www.groups.yahoo.com. This is said to be the first ban under the CERT-In law.....

 Smart Analysis urlLink Microsoft to offer "smart" analysis in India | CNET News.com urlLink Microsoft has teamed with urlLink Cap Gemini Ernst & Young and India's urlLink Tata Consultancy Services to offer "smart" data analysis to companies in India.

 Call Centers: Outsourcing to India Saves Financial Services Companies $25 Million DURHAM, N.C., Sept. 24 /PRNewswire/ -- Financial service corporations that outsource 1,000 jobs overseas can expect upwards of $25 million in savings, according to business intelligence firm Cutting Edge Information. India, where the cost of labor is about an eighth of U.S. costs, has become a valuable solution to high turnover and workforce apathy in American call centers. When outsourcing overseas, many financial services companies consider India first. Primarily, Indian call center employees tend to be more enthusiastic and turnover averages only 5%. "Managing Financial Services Call Centers," available at http://www.cuttingedgeinfo.com/FS80_Call_Centers/ contains more than 200 metrics and features practices from top financial services companies, such as Merrill Lynch, Fidelity Investments, Citigroup, Capital One, Allstate, Wachovia and MetLife. The report highlights budget and staffing metrics, as well as strategies and tactics to enhance overall call center efficiency and boost customer satisfaction. "Customer service has improved drastically when call centers relocate toforeign countries," says Cutting Edge Information senior analyst Elio Evangelista. "India is an excellent place to outsource because they hold customer service jobs in high esteem and workers tend to care much more about their jobs." For example, one financial services company relocated its call center operations overseas, allowing them to cut labor costs by 50%. The company also discovered that the foreign workforce was more skilled than local one had been. "Managing Financial Services Call Centers" showcases quantitative metrics and qualitative practices in the following areas: * Call center agents' incentive and compensation packages * Turnover, blocked calls, cost per rep and many other key performance measurements * Inbound and outbound call metrics for the financial services industry * Up-selling and cross-selling strategies * Offshore outsourcing * Process efficiency and call center technology To view the online summary of this 114-page report, visit urlLink http://www.cuttingedgeinfo.com/FS80_Call_Centers/ .

 India Outsourcing Watch urlLink Brar Calls For Govt Support For Clinical Research Outsourcing | Fiancial Express Ranbaxy Laboratories CEO DS Brar feels clinical research outsourcing to India will take off only when regulatory infrastructure and support systems are in place. He added that India occupies a small place in the world scheme of clinical investigation despite the fact that India has quality infrastructure, pool of talents and various ethnicity of diseases.... urlLink China, India remain threats to RP offshore outsourcing | inq7 A PHILIPPINE firm eyeing the offshore business process outsourcing (BPO) market admitted that India and China remain the biggest threats to its business.With China now playing catch-up with its aggressive campaign to teach their people the English language, local system integration firm DTSI is expecting the Chinese to speak English well in the next few years....

 BPO Definitions Business Process Outsourcing is defined as : "Delegation of one or more IT-intensive business processes to an external provider that, in turn, owns, administrates and manages the selected process(es) based on defined and measurable performance metrics." - urlLink Gartner, BPO is Asia Pacific (PDF) "Business process outsourcing (BPO) is the act of giving a third-party the responsibility of running what would otherwise be an internal system or service. For instance, an insurance company might outsource their claims processing program or a bank might outsource their loan processing system. Typically, companies that are looking at business process outsourcing are hoping to achieve cost savings by handing the work to a third-party that can take advantage of economies of scale by doing the same work for many companies. Or perhaps the cost savings can be achieved because labor costs are lower due to different costs of living in different countries." - urlLink Mariosalexandrou "Business process outsourcing (BPO) is the contracting of a specific business task, such as payroll, to a third-party service provider. Usually, BPO is implemented as a cost-saving measure for tasks that a company requires but does not depend upon to maintain their position in the marketplace. BPO is often divided into two categories: back office outsourcing which includes internal business functions such as billing or purchasing, and front office outsourcing which includes customer-related services such as marketing or tech support. BPO that is contracted outside a company's own country is sometimes called offshore outsourcing. BPO that is contracted to a company's neighboring country is sometimes called nearshore outsourcing, and BPO that is contracted with the company's own county is sometimes called onshore outsourcing." - urlLink Search CIO @ techtarget Visit on these above mentioned links to find more about BPO & Outsourcing....

 Quote of the Day : TALENT If you have a talent, use it in every which way possible. Don't hoard it. Don't dole it out like a miser. Spend it lavishly like a millionaire intent on going broke. - urlLink Brendan Francis

 The Definition of Outsourcing Outsourcing has been defined as: "A contractual relationship where an external organisation takes responsibility for performing all or part of an agency's Information Technology functions. This can involve a partial or complete transfer of staff and/or resources." & also as "An arrangement whereby a third party provider assumes responsibility for performing information systems functions at a pre-determined price and according to predetermined performance criteria." - urlLink Australian Computer Society paper on outsourcing "Work done for a company by people other than the company's full-time employees". - urlLink InvestorWords "Outsourcing is when a company purchases a product or process from an outside supplier rather than producing in house. This is different from subcontracting because the customer does not own the raw material or manufacturing process but buys the product based on the specifications offered by the supplier. The customer trains and develops the supplier to form a supply chain partnership." - urlLink Outsource Solutions, LLC "Outsourcing is an arrangement in which one company provides services for another company that could also be or usually have been provided in-house. Outsourcing is a trend that is becoming more common in information technology and other industries for services that have usually been regarded as intrinsic to managing a business. In some cases, the entire information management of a company is outsourced, including planning and business analysis as well as the installation, management, and servicing of the network and workstations. Outsourcing can range from the large contract in which a company like IBM manages IT services for a company like Xerox to the practice of hiring contractors and temporary office workers on an individual basis." - urlLink SearchSAP @ SearchTechTarget.com

 Two to Tango urlLink Shahrukh Khan (SRK) and urlLink Sachin Tendulkar may urlLink team up again for yet another ad-campaign as they have done it previously for Pepsi.

 SMS Advertising I hope this saves us from mobile & sms spamming... [ The booming mobile phone culture in India has prompted the advertising industry to target the consumers through the popular 'Short Message Service' (SMS). Mumbai-based Indus Mobile Communications has launched ' urlLink www.smsjunction.com ' to collect data of user groups of mobile phones. ''Knowing the potential of the SMS culture, we have over the last two years collected more than 30 lakh mobile phone numbers across the country with profile of the users,'' says Waseem Kazi, the Business Development Manager of the IndusMobile Communications...... ] - urlLink Ad industry set to cash in on SMS boom | Sify

 Gururaj on Indian BPO urlLink New US Rules On BPO Are No Cause Of Worry: Deshpande | Finacial Express The new US rules and guidelines on BPO cannot hamper Indian prospects as economics will ensure that the cheapest mode will survive and with Indias advances in the sector, there was always hope for the country, according to urlLink Gururaj Desh Deshpande of urlLink Sycamore Networks . Mr Deshpande, who along with a few entrepreneurs from the Silicon Valley are here in connection with the CEO summit as part of the urlLink Amritavarsham 50 , told a group of mediapersons the quality of Indian technology had literally left the US scared. Some of the customer connectivity there was inferior to Indian technology, he added. ....

 Accenture to double its manpower urlLink Accenture to double headcount in India by November - The Economic Times Global management consultancy firm, urlLink Accenture , intends to double the number of employees at its Indian business to more than 4,000 by November this year on hopes of a substantial growth in its businesses.

 Transforming Mumbai urlLink Rs 2,000 billion is what Mumbai needs to be a Shanghai | Indian Express urlLink Bombay First & urlLink McKinsey have submitted a report to Maharashtra government to improve mumbai and roadmap to achieve these goals by 2013... Boost economic growth to 8-10 per cent instead of 2.4 presently. That should create half a million new jobs. Improve mass and private transport infrastructure through new rail lines, expressways and buses. Eventually, no more than 220 people in a rail coach, compared to the 570 today. Reduce the slum population by at least 20 per cent from 60 per cent presently by constructing one million homes. Other improvements: reduce air pollution, increase water supply, cut administrative expenses by half, and, the most important, cut red tape. But I am very sceptical whether these plan or any other plan with similar intentions will ever start. The politics and red tape are the biggest hurdle in its path. The other hurdles are opprotunitic people, pro-poor activists & lazy attitude of all of us. We should realize that problem of our slum city is very serious and must be dealt urgently, otherwise we will have to actually rename mumbai (bombay) to "Slum City". Politcians would first like to see their name to be attached with the projects, so if congress does it, shiva sena will oppose it and vice-a-versa. The biggest looser in this game would be an avergae "mumbaikar", the middle-class person who is always screwed first. The prime and public land in the entire mumbai either belongs to rich or poor(slums) and despite paying tax regularly and living a very hard life the mumbaikar ultimately has '0' options available to him. From the start of the day till night an average mumbaikar is fighting, fighting and fighting. We need somebody like Tamil Nadu CM Chandra Babu Naidu to bring life in this city and to have some hope for the working class and stop giving free lunches to 'rich only' or to 'poor only'.

 India BPO Watch urlLink Domestic call center pegged @ Rs1,000 cr | CIOL Apart from telecom and banking sector, the travel industry is emerging as the biggest contributor for the domestic call center industry. urlLink Infy BPO subsidiary plans Czech unit | Times Of India Progeon, Infosys' business process outsourcing (BPO) subsidiary, is planning to set up its first overseas centre in the Czech Republic in its journey to become a BPO company with a global footprint. urlLink TeleTech to open second center in Mumbai | CIOL A 50:50 JV between Bharti Teletech Ltd and TeleTech Holdings Inc.--has zeroed in on Mumbai as the location for its second center urlLink India seen as third largest IT, BPO industry | Keralanext India's IT and BPO sectors are predicted to become the world's third largest by 2008 despite growing resentment against outsourcing in America. urlLink Infinite Eyeing Acquisitions In BPO | Financial Express Bangalore-based Infinite Computer Solutions is scouting for acquisitions to enter into the business process outsourcing (BPO) business. The Rs 250 crore company is also looking for a mid-sized software services company operating in the banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI) sector. urlLink Remote infrastructure services the next big opportunity | Business Standard The stage is set for India to cash in on outsourced remote infrastructure management services

 Outsourcing Marketing Activities in India Sumeet Chatterjee writes in urlLink Outsourcing of marketing activities to fuel BPO growth in India | Hindustan Times - More and more global companies are looking to outsourcing their sales and marketing activities to India, creating new opportunities for the country's money-spinning business process outsourcing (BPO) firms.

 NeoIT grows by 194% urlLink neoIT Ends FY2003 with 194% Revenue Growth and Marquee Clients urlLink neoIT , the leading offshore advisory and management firm headed by CEO Atual Vashishtha, marks the end of FY2003 with the accomplishment of several major milestones and has issued an upbeat forecast for the remainder of the 2003 calendar year. The company is one of the few advisory firms to specialize exclusively in helping buyers of IT and business process outsourcing (BPO) services manage the offshore outsourcing lifecycle.

 India Outsourcing Updates urlLink Boeing Outsources Development to India | Computer Business Review Aerospace manufacturing giant urlLink Boeing Corp is planning to launch a captive outsourcing operation in India urlLink Lawson Software announces layoffs; looks to move jobs to India | Minnesota Public Radio urlLink Lawson Software , one of the biggest employers in downtown St. Paul, has laid off five percent of its workforce. Lawson says the layoffs are mostly the result of business reorganization, as the company shifts to focus on particular areas where software development is most in demand. But there may be layoffs in store. Lawson also says over the next two years it plans to join the growing number of software companies moving jobs to India. urlLink Walt Disney seeks nod for setting up arm | AgencyFAQs! urlLink WALT Disney Company has moved the urlLink Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) seeking permission to open a wholly-owned subsidiary in India to launch urlLink The Disney Channel (TDC) in India urlLink We See India As A Hub For DuPonts Global Sourcing | Fiancial Express Pankaj H Shah, regional leader India and Pakistan and President urlLink DuPont , South Asia, has his hands full. With an overall responsibility for the companys operations in India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Nepal, he is travelling extensively to these countries giving specific attention to new and existing businesses. urlLink U.S. jobs: Next stop, India? | MySanAntonio When Paul Olivares took a job at urlLink USAA's information technology department 14 years ago, he thought he might stay with the company until retirement. Paul Olivares is considering switching professions to pursue his love of music after he had to leave his job in USAA's information technology department. The company has been giving more work to Indian contractors who will work for much less money.But his hope for that faded as the insurance giant began a series of layoffs in 2001 that slashed hundreds of jobs, then imported scores of foreign contractors to work in its information technology subsidiary, ITCO.

 FACTS ABOUT INDIA You may know some of the following facts. These facts were recently published in a German magazine, which deals with WORLD HISTORY FACTS ABOUT INDIA. India never invaded any country in her last 1000 years of history. India invented the Number system. urlLink Aryabhatta invented 'zero.' The world's first University was established in urlLink Takshila in 700BC. More than 10,500 students from all over the world studied more than 60 subjects. The University of urlLink Nalanda built in the 4th century BC was one of the greatest achievements of ancient India in the field of urlLink education . According to the Forbes magazine, urlLink Sanskrit is the most suitable language for urlLink computer software . urlLink Ayurveda is the earliest school of medicine known to humans. Although western media portray modern images of India as poverty striken and underdeveloped through political corruption, urlLink India was once the richest empire on earth. The art of navigation was born in the river Sindh 5000 years ago. The very word "Navigation" is derived from the Sanskrit word NAVGATIH. The value of pi was first calculated by Budhayana, and he explained the concept of what is now known as the Pythagorean Theorem. British scholars have last year (1999) officially published that Budhayan's works dates to the 6th Century, which is long before the European mathematicians. urlLink Algebra, trigonometry and calculus came from India. Quadratic equations were by Sridharacharya in the 11th Century; the largest numbers the Greeks and the Romans used were 106 whereas Indians used numbers as big as 1053. According to the Gemmological Institute of America, up until 1896, India was the only source of diamonds to the world. USA based urlLink IEEE has proved what has been a century-old suspicion amongst academics that the pioneer of wireless communication was Professor Jagdeesh Bose and not Marconi. The earliest reservoir and dam for irrigation was built in Saurashtra. Chess was urlLink invented in India. urlLink Sushruta is the father of surgery. 2600 years ago he and health scientists of his time conducted surgeries like cesareans, cataract, fractures and urinary stones. Usage of anaesthesia was well known in ancient India. When many cultures in the world were only nomadic forest dwellers over 5000 years ago, Indians established urlLink Harappan culture in urlLink Sindhu Valley (Indus Valley Civilisation) . The place value system, the urlLink decimal system was developed in India in 100 BC. Recived via email, these facts are widely available on the net but to add my contribution I have remixed it with html links. If you know the original author and please provide the links where I have missed it or if you have some more links to share related to above facts. Thanks in Advance.

 A. R. Rahman in China The great indian music director urlLink A. R. Rahman is now providing music for a chinese movie urlLink Warriors Of Heaven And Earth , which is a period drama and expected to be an oscar entry from china. urlLink He Ping who had earlier directed Red Firecracker Green Firecracker and wrote the screenplay for Swordsman In Double Flag is the director of the movie. urlLink A.R. Rahman's page on the official movie site.

 A terrorist heart melts ? "I was moved by the gesture shown by Indians towards Noor, who had come to Bangalore for a heart surgery," Mohammed Ashraf alias Mohammed Shakeel told Additional Sessions Judge S N Dhingra. [ Source : urlLink India's love for Noor melts terrorist | Rediff ] Can heart of a terrorist melt?. Do Terrorist have any heart ? Relax this is DemoCrazy

 India: Sustaining Reform, Reducing Poverty "A comprehensive reform program including reforms to reduce fiscal imbalances with positive impacts on employment and poverty reduction would allow India to achieve the growth of 8 percent per year by the end of the 10th Plan period," said Mark Baird, former vice president of the World Bank, when releasing a report entitled urlLink "India: Sustaining Reform, Reducing Poverty" . [ Source : urlLink AsiaTimes ] Also Read : : urlLink India at the Crossroads: Sustaining Growth and Reducing Poverty : (Overview of the Book) - BY Tim Callen, Patricia Reynolds, and Christopher Towe @ International Monetory Fund

 India - Market on the move "India is a market on the move - it is now the world's fifth largest economy, with a growing middle class of more than 300 million people and the Indian economy has been recording impressive annual growth of five to seven per cent since 1992-93," - New South Wales Minister for Small Business David Campbell [ Source : urlLink PTINEWS ]

 Dilbert on IIT In a new series starting September 15, cartoonist Scott Adams cult strip urlLink DILBERT goes on to take a dig at urlLink IIT grads from India. In the first episode, urlLink Asok , the brilliant but naive Indian trainee, the cynical Wally and the ever-sceptical Alice are sitting in the boardroom with the pointy-haired Boss. Asok says that though he was the project manager, nobody replied to his e-mail. However, he is proud of the fact that he is an IIT graduate and considers himself superior to his counterparts and thus had been able to finish the project himself. When Wally asks him, "Are you tired?", he replies: "I am trained to only sleep during National Holidays"....... [ Source : urlLink Financial Express ] Asok's Introduction on Dilbert.com Asok, pronounced ah-shook, was introduced to satisfy the hordes of interns who wrote to request their own character. Asok is brilliant, but as an intern he is immensely naive about the cruelties and politics of the business world. His name is a common one in India (but usually spelled Ashok).

 India IT & Business Updates urlLink India in Top 10 FDI list | The Hindu Although far behind China, India figures among the 10 most attractive destinations for foreign investment, according to a new survey. urlLink Samsung India to up R&D investment, manpower | Business Standard urlLink Samsung Electronics is planning to invest $5 million in its research and development facility in India, and more than double manpower to 300 by next year. urlLink SMG to make India IT development base | SIFY Australian mining software company urlLink Surpac Minex Group (SMG) today said it would make India their second base for software development after Australia.

 DELL, Outsourcing, India, Poverty & Terrorism Peter Sam writes in the Inquirer article - urlLink Dell outsources to India too... no kidding! He actually writes about his experience with Dell Support which came from India (on phone), in addition he is also appreciating Indian help. But suddenly you come across this statement.... While it would be nice to have a Canadian or Eva Glass (;-) at the other end, what I think everyone should understand is that where India is today, is where Japan was maybe 40 or 50 years ago. As the India progresses, wages will rise and poverty will be reduced. And poverty is what creates things like terrorism . This is what the world knows about India.... Indian terrorism is an act of poverty(?). I am speechless.

 Indian Cars Going Global Backed by a high demand, made-in-India cars have started shrugging off the discount tag overseas. For example: MG Rover would market Tata Indica in the UK for 6,500-8,500 pounds (Rs 4.7-6.1 lakh) while the Hyundai Santro is being sold in Germany and Italy for 7,900 euro (Rs 4.3 lakh). And, this includes a nominal import duty of around 6 per cent in these countries.... More on urlLink Export growth mantra for cars made in India | Times of India

 Project Management Links Project Management links from my bookmark..... Project management training, tools, techniques and textbooks The PMFORUM - For Advancement Project Management Learning ALLPM - The Project Managers HomePage The Project Managers HomePage projectmanagement.com Call Center, Bug Tracking and Project Management Tools for Linux IT Project Management for Project Managers - gantthead Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK) HBS Working Knowledge PROJECT MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES PM PUNE S.P.Jain Institute Management and Research Buyer Beware A Consumer's Guide to PM Certification Google Directory - Computers Software Project Management Open Source cHBs - Open and Free Project Management Tools

 Personal Blogs or Portals urlLink Arnold Kling | Corante.com " My point is that I think that weblogs are headed down the same track. People who have longstanding weblogs who want to keep their following will find that they have to behave like portals. That is, they will have to become very rich in links, and reduce their self-expression (or express themselves by the way in which they select links). If you want to express yourself heavily (as I do), and you want a large following, then I think you will have to progressively narrow your scope. People will come to you for your area of expertise, not for stuff that they can find just as easily elsewhere. [ Learnt Via : urlLink Emergic.org - Blog As Portals? ]

 Inspiring Images of India Have you ever noticed that most of the inspiring images of India come from the VIDESHI (foreign) channels. What you can see on India channel is a mental rape of sense and sensibilities, sas-bahu, political pimps and farting intellectuals. Just few days back on some news channel I heard Laloo saying "this is good that Ganga Mayya has come to us", this was his comments on recent flood in Patna, Bihar. urlLink Naseeruddin Shah has once said in his television interview that " after 20 years if your child asks you to show how India was now, you won't have any single movie to show it to him because none of the movie depicts India". But fortunately channels like urlLink Discovery India and urlLink National Geographic show the real India, be it rural india or urban india, be it culture or science. Similarly the news of urlLink CNBC India is more inspiring that Aaj Tak which is more about, how politicians are ruining our country and how we are blindly enjoying it. Relax it's democrazy.... Something inspiring from NG India as reported on urlLink Agencyfaqs! .... urlLink National Geographic Channels International (NGCI) and the urlLink Singapore Economic Development Board (EDB) have announced a call for entries for its second year Documentary Production Fund. NGCI-EDB fund was founded with an aim to create and promote the documentary filmmaking skill base in Asia. Taking the initiative forward, a new documentary fund is being launched this year and proposals are being invited from all over Asia including India. NGCI will commission 12 one-hour documentaries based on entries. The last date for submission of the proposal is October 3, 2003.

 Choice or Confusion : To CAS or to DTH We are already worried and urlLink confused over CAS , CAS is sure a good system, but Indian goverment is forcing the system where no system exists, without any roadmap, afterthought and why should indian consumer shell out some extra thousands for getting the same just on the name of choice. Is indian programming or indian television channels really offer me any choice?. Is it so important to decide on a system & streamlining of entertainment sector instead of focussing on infratructure, health, education and other most basic issues. The goverment which cannot handle contamination in drinking water, cannot handle the education system.. does it have any rights to implement CAS?. Aspiring students of medical in Mumbai are worrying over their future because of decision on medical college fees. They dont have choice of career, but have choice of CAS. Relax, its Democrazy. Too add to the blues now we can have DTH... so keep banging your head, what would you like to have CAS/DTH? ... urlLink ZEE to Launch DTH | Business Line

 Mobile Explosion in India Hindustan Times urlLink Reports : urlLink Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) on Saturday said that mobile phone connections in India would take over wireline connections by the year 2005. "Worldwide, this has already happened. I am certain that in India mobile connections will take over wireline connections by 2005," TRAI chairman Pradip Baijal said in New Delhi, addressing an 'open house' on spectrum management organised by FICCI and DoT.

 Population Advantage ? Can the enormous population of India be an advantage for us?. Atleast Mr. Sudhir Jalan says so, provided they are educated and trained, he also adds. But it wont be easy and it is almost impossible, because this is the land of Laloo and Mulayam where most of the Indian resides. The other states also don't give us a pretty picture with terrorism, naxalism, political feud, corruption, draughts, famine, floods and all other bad things. India will always remain the country of "Haves and Haves Not" on one side - you will have outsourcing, BPO, Bio Technology and all the lates buzz words, and on the other side, next to these tower or symbol of India's development, somebody will die out of hunger or malnutrition. Relax, it's Democrazy. "In seven years India could be the fastest growing economy in the world just by leveraging its strength of the largest base of young people through education and training," said urlLink Sudhir Jalan , vice chairman, SICPA India Ltd and former president of the urlLink Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) . [ Source : urlLink NewsIndPress ]

 India's environmental boss gets the boot in Taj Mahal mall scandal A top Indian official in charge of ancient monuments was Friday booted out of office amid police suspicions that he fudged documents linked to a controversial plan to build a shopping mall near the Taj Mahal. [ Source : urlLink Terra Daily ]

 Made In India Anil Ambani, Managing Director - Reliance Industries asks the young entrepreneurs of India to take inspiration from his late father Mr. Dhirubhai Ambani. His comments on the rising respectibility attached with the India... "Made-in-India tag is now an increasingly respected brand, valued for quality, reliability and competitiveness." [Source : urlLink Business Standard ]

 Sutherland is hiring 1500 for BPO urlLink The Sutherland Group , a leading customer management company in the business process outsourcing (BPO) space, is expanding its India operations by hiring over 1,500 employees to ramp up its Chennai operations. The recruitment will be completed in the next six months, a company statement said. [ Source : urlLink Financial Express ]

 Cognizant's hiring spree in top gear in India Continuing its recruitment spree, urlLink Cognizant Technology Solutions is now increasing its headcount at an aggressive rate of 100 per week. The company, at this speed, would end the year with a total of 8,500 to 9,000 people on its rolls. As of June 03 quarter, Cognizants manpower strength was at 6,700. [ Source : urlLink Shout99.com ]

 Paid Prescriptions SHABNAM MINWALLA urlLink reports in Times of India... How does a doctor decide which drugs to prescribe to his patients? If an ongoing study is any indication, the capsules and creams may be chosen less for their curative powers than their lucrative side-effects. For, in the profit-oriented world of pharmaceuticals, doctors are routinely wooed with gifts ranging from mobile phones to sponsored weddings. These details emerged from a study on the Promotional Practices of Pharmaceutical Firms in India, conducted by the Forum for Medical Ethics in collaboration with the Drug Controller General of India and the World Health Organisation (WHO). We are not shocked, are we ? It is wide open fact that even the small time doctors are wooed by pharmaceutical companies by gifts like pens, watches, diaries and other stuffs depending upon numbe of patients (customers). Another fact also known is that Doctors prescriber unnecessary tests to get the cuts from the labs. Moreover, the new hike in fees for medical colleges ensures that meritious medical aspirant is stopped and itches a smooth path for undeserving rich candidates who will join these medical markets. But for us CAS Conditional Access System for television is more important that CQHA Conditional Quality Healthcare Access. Relax, we are democrazy.

 Infosys does it again urlLink Infosys (INFY) has bagged a five-year $50 million contract from the Australian telecom and information systems giant urlLink Telstra for software development and maintenance. As per agreement, Telstra would pay Infosys 15 million Australian dollars ($10 million) every year to maintain its business systems. "It is an Australian dollar 75 million ($50 million) contract for five years," a Infosys spokesperson, said here on Tuesday. [ More on urlLink Times of India ]

 India & Korea means business Korean companies like LG & Samsung are seeing a great success in Indian Market and developing ambitious plans, latest.... South Korea's biggest firm Samsung Electronics is mulling setting up a Notebook PC manufacturing facility in India and plans to make further investment in expanding research and development (R&D) facility..... [More on urlLink Hindu Business Line ]

 India's life-saving child singer At least somebody is making us proud.... Pankaj Munjal 11-year-old girl from Madhya Pradesh, India who has become a singing sensation in India is using the money she makes from her performances to help children who are desperately ill.... [More on urlLink BBC ]

 Asha Bhosle @ 70 Yesterday urlLink Asha Bhosle celebrated her 70th birthday, I could not believe it. However, who doesn't know her by face would also not believe it. She is a great singer, young, alive and kicking. Most of the remix you find in Indian music circuit today are from the original OST from Late urlLink R.D. Burman (music) and Asha, they were also married to each other. Asha's voice even @ 70 carries lots of punch, her hit numbers would even defeat a number sung by some 16 year old, she has that much energy and spirit in her voice.

 The Mass Amateurisation (Weblogs and) The Mass Amateurisation of (Nearly) Everything... Plasticbag.org is a blog by Tom Coates who works in the field of social software and personal publishing on the web. His own introuction on PlasticBagorg... Tom Coates is a web producer specialising in print-to-web transitions, social software and personal publishing on the web. He has worked with a number of prominent companies in the UK including Time Out, and developed innovative message-boards for the BBC and EMAP. He recently launched "Conversations" - a new form of geocoded message-board for the UK-based local information publisher UpMyStreet, where he works as Creative Producer. He maintains a popular weblog at plasticbag.org and experiments with online community design and new moderation techniques at barbelith.com/underground. Tom urlLink writes .... But maybe we did... There's not a lot of difference between weblogs and homepages in some respects. Both are spaces to put written content online, for one. But the fact that homepages had no sense of standard structure, required manual updating, were unbound from time and were resolutely non-discursive meant that they were static, lumpen. At their best they became monolithic tomes - bunkers for content, guides updated haphazardly that infinitesimally accrete "content". In terms of the distribution of the word, the homepage was like a "Time Out Guide to {your name here}". The simple addition of structure and mechanisms for ease of publishing have made the comparable form of expression on weblogs so fluid and quick that it borders on speech. In terms of self-representation, the homepage is like a statue carved out of marble labelled carefully at the bottom where the weblog is like an avatar in cyberspace that we wear like a skin. It moves with us - through it we articulate ourselves. The weblog is the homepage that we wear. And this is the big leap forward - this is where the value of weblogs lies in the newly amateurised world. This flexibility of publishing creates a fluid and living form of self-representation, the 'homepage (as a place)' has become the 'weblog (as a person)' that can articulate a voice. And when there are a multiplicity of voices in space, then the possibility arises of conversations. And where there is conversation there is the sharing of information. And conversation about what? Well everything from music and movies and animation and medical information. Weblogs are becoming the bridge between the individual and the community in cyberspace - a place where one can self-publicise and self-describe but also learn, debate and engage in community. In other words, weblogs are not only a representative sample of mass amateurisation, they're becoming enmeshed in the very structures of information-retrival, community interaction and media distibution themselves. Weblogs are now facilitators of mass amateurisation. They're almost becoming one of its architectures... [ Through : urlLink Emergic.org ]

 No Ghost, Just Low Frequencies urlLink Soundless Music Shown to Produce Weird Sensations | Reuters | Patricia Reaney If next time you are feeling a wierd sensation or shivers down your spine, don't think that your house is haunted, it must be very low frequency sounds. British scientists have shown in a controlled experiment that the extreme bass sound known as infrasound produces a range of bizarre effects in people including anxiety, extreme sorrow and chills -- supporting popular suggestions of a link between infrasound and strange sensations. For a DIY at home just sit in front of a large woofer at your home and play some deep bass sounds, you will feel some sensation in your heart, just like when you are suddenly shocked by the noise of a falling object.

 Musical Indian Advertising Latest trend in the Indian broadcast advertising is creating short musical ads. There is no product blah blah, no seducing schemes, just soulful music and happy customers. The music is cool Indian soft music with feel in it. This type of advertising is very impressive in case of brands which are already known and have loyal customer. These ads essentially express the happiness the cutomers have while enjoying that brand. Most important it is definately lost better than having unwanted forced bimbos, biceps and fasle claims. Go & See... Reliance Infocomm - Reliance India Mobile Joys of Rim , Song : Chudiya Khan Khan Bajey.... Cadbury India Song : Khush hoo mai Khamakhwah

 India top BPO destination: Forbes India remains the prime destination of outsourcing for American companies as the country turns out 75,000 English-speaking IT professionals every year and has a low wage structure, a study has said. [Source : urlLink Times of India ]

 Wipro's Recruitment Drive urlLink WIPRO will be going on a recruitment drive, having drawn up plans to recruit 6,000 software engineers and another 3,000 personnel for IT-enabled services such as BPO services and call centres, according to Mr Azim Premji, Chairman, Wipro. He was addressing a meeting organised by the urlLink FICCI's Western Region Council and McKinsey. [Source : urlLink The Hindu Business Line ]

 President Kalam Speaks "For India to get transformed into a developed nation by 2020, education is an important component. Our education policy should ensure that India is transformed into a developed nation," he said, giving away national awards to 282 teachers on the occasion of Teachers' Day. "Your excellence should not stay with you. It should spread," he said, while giving away the awards consisting of a citation, a medal and Rs 25,000 in cash. [Source : urlLink Rediff ]

 Explosive Growth in Indian GDP Finance Minsiter Jaswant Singh says, "We need to be ready" while speaking to urlLink TOI . India's central bank projects a growth of 6.0 percent in Indian GDP while more optimistic urlLink Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) projects 6.8 % GDP growth in the current financial year.

 India : Growing Cellular urlLink India's cellular base touches 1.73 cr users - The Times of India Even with disputes in Telecom and competition from CDMA of TATA and Reliance India Mobile, the cellular base is increasing in India with players like Bharti Cellular leading the race.

 GSM phone encryption "can be cracked" urlLink GSM phone encryption "can be cracked" The encryption system that protects the almost 900 million users of GSM cell phones from instant eavesdropping or fraud is no longer impregnable, cryptologists claim.

 MUMBAI 25/8 urlLink Blasts: Accused blames Gujarat riots - Sify.com Can anybody have a valid reason to kill somebody? Atleast these bastards have. Terrorism in India is to kill to easy targets. Maximum victims of any terrorist acts are unarmed children and women. If I cannot kill you I will kill "anybody" whom I can kill, that's the simple rule. Our government and we have given the social acceptance to terrorism. The words like ISI, Jehad, Lashkar, etc.. are spoken as if they are from nursery rhymes. Whenever any incidents happen the government just waits .. who is coming up to take the responsibility and by default attach ISI with it. This is the fact, but it cannot be a full stop. There cannot be dialogue with any terrorist be it a individual, organization or country like Pakistan. Few politician marched with black bands on their mouth as a silent protest in mumbai, how could they? the city was ashamed seeing their shameless endeavours and mumbai itself was on protest although it didn't have any black bands. Mumbaikar / Indians themselves are not caring... as far as somebody from own family is not killed it's hardly a matter. When some one very own is killed then we will cry and howl and beat our chest ... we have to realize ... kashmir & mumbai are both in India and India is the target.. if any other indian is killed I can also be killed. But who cares - Vajpayee is busy slow motion speeches, Advani in ayodhya issue, Mayawati in Taj, Shinde in excuses, Balashaheb in finger pointing, Laloo in Gangajaal, .... Relax you are living in India.... Nobody care's ... Isn't it?... well...DO YOU ? Enjoy urlLink 25/8, Mumbai: The Jihadi Iceberg India is proud to have 25/8 . It bigger than 9/11 numerically. PLEASE FIGHT TERRORISM

 Great Commedian Jerry Lewis I am a great fan of urlLink Jerry Lewis , a great commedian full of wild energy and humanity. Lewis has been plagued in recent years by several ailments, including spinal meningitis, chronic back pain and diabetes & recently with Pulmonary fibrosis. But that doesn't stop him from his commitment towards community work.Lewis (77) remains committed to the urlLink MDA telethon , which last year set a record in pledges and donations of $58.3 million. The 38th annual (Aug. 31 2003) Jerry Lewis Labor Day Telethon received a record $60.5 million in nationwide pledges during its annual urlLink fund-raising drive for the Muscular Dystrophy Association. Jerry Lewis is truly the kind of comedy. urlLink Jerry Lewis - Internet Movie DataBase (IMDB)

 Social Gaming urlLink Q&A: Andy Donkin goes There - There News for PC at GameSpot : Instead of slaying monsters or zapping bounty hunters, the emphasis in There is on social interaction.The chief marketing officer of the recently-launched massively multiplayer 3D simulation title, There, talks about its beta program, social life, realistic economy, and military applications.

 Mid-Day Keywords urlLink Mumbai on the Web META NAME="KEYWORDS" CONTENT="Mumbai,city,Bombay,destination,Web,Internet,website,Capital of Maharashtra,Metropolis,Megapolis,Commercial Capital of India,Business Capital of India,Gateway of India,News,Bollywood,Business,Sensex,BSE,Bombay Stock Exchange,Sports,Local Guide,train routes,,suburban trains,BEST bus routes,taxi,auto-rickshaw,Flora Fountain,Mumbai Marine Drive, , Sexual Health Therapist,Sex Therapist ,Stress Therapist,Beauty counsellor,Agony Aunt,BMC,Bombay Muncipal Corporation,Mumbai Police,Hindi Films,Hindi Movies,Hindi cinema,Chowpatty,Apollo Bunder,Cinema studios,events,music concert,theatres,beaches,weather, Chor Bazaar ,Real Estate,Mumbai Propert. These are the keywords for Mid-Day the afternoon tabloid of mumbai which is available in the mornings. To see this keywords open mid-day site in browser and click VIEW > SOURCE. Henceforth, please remember go to http://www.mid-day.com for sex therapist. before marriage or after marriage...Have you done something wrong when you were kid, wipe your hands now....

 Where is India going wrong? urlLink Where is India going wrong? : "Where is India going wrong? urlLink Arindam Banerji writes in Rediff a strategic plan to make corporate India and the Indian nation forces to reckon with globally. The second of a three-part series."

 Join the IIT Debate urlLink Do we need more IITs? The Indian government has decided to urlLink increase the numbers of IITs and Rediff is hosting this debate DO WE NEED MOERE IITs.? Well yes and no? Yes for - such a wonderful brand called IIT has to grow atleast one per each state. No for - What happens to REC, they are running on their own - some are having good education and indstury interface and most of others are nothing but a big godown like buldings with lots of corruption and no education. It will be a narrow minded thinking to concentrate just on IIT because there are millions of eligeable and talented student outside IITs also. What kind of quality and assurance do the REC student get, are they IInd class student citizens of this world. When they shell out a heavy fees for their education why can't they get a comparable if not equal standards. There is a wide level of difference between the standards of REC & IITs, we need plan for both and not just IIT. And why just REC also?. What about primary and secondary education. This is because our government doesn't have an wholesome thinking, they just want to convey news and not the right messages. As Mr. Nehru had once said there is Unity in Diversity of India, I think it must be a typo or his ignorance over the matter. There is always Diversity in Unity of India and our politicians and goverment knows how to maintain it, remember they have inherited this from Divide and Rule government.

 There are many companies / brands / products whose names were derived from strange circumstances. *Mercedes This was actually the financier's daughter's name. *Adobe This came from name of the river Adobe Creek that ran behind the house of founder John Warnock. *Apple Computers It was the favorite fruit of founder Steve Jobs. He was three months late in filing a name for the business, and he threatened to call his company Apple Computers if the other colleagues didn't suggest a better name by 5 O'clock. *CISCO It is not an acronym as popularly believed. It is short for San Francisco. *Compaq This name was formed by using COMp, for computer, and PAQ to denote a small integral object. *Corel The name was derived from the founder's name Dr. Michael Cowpland. It stands for COwpland REsearch Laboratory. *Google The name started as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search-engine would be able to search. It was originally named 'Googol', a word for the number represented by 1 followed by 100 zeros. After founders - Stanford graduate students Sergey Brin and Larry Page presented their project to an angel investor,they received a cheque made out to 'Google' *Hotmail Founder Jack Smith got the idea of accessing e-mail via the web from a computer anywhere in the world. When Sabeer Bhatia came up with the business plan for the mail service,he tried all kinds of names ending in 'mail' and finally settled for hotmail as it included the letters "html" - the programming language used to write web pages. It wasinitially referred to as HoTMaiL with selective uppercasing. *Hewlett Packard Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard tossed a coin to decide whether the company they founded would be called Hewlett-Packard or Packard-Hewlett. *Intel Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company 'Moore Noyce' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics. *Lotus (Notes) Mitch Kapor got the name for his company from 'The Lotus Position' or 'Padmasana'. Kapor used to be a teacher of Transcendental Meditation of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi. *Microsoft Coined by Bill Gates to represent the company that was devoted to MICROcomputer SOFTware. Originally christened Micro-Soft, the '-' was removed later on. *Motorola Founder Paul Galvin came up with this name when his company started manufacturing radios for cars. The popular radio company at the time was called Victrola. *ORACLE Larry Ellison and Bob Oats were working on a consulting project for the CIA (Central Intelligence Agency). The code name for the project was called Oracle (the CIA saw this as the system to give answers to all questions or something such). The project was designed to help use the newly written SQL code by IBM. The project eventually was terminated but Larry and Bob decided to finish what they started and bring it to the world. They kept the name Oracle and created the RDBMS engine. Later they kept the same name for the company. *Sony It originated from the Latin word 'sonus' meaning sound, and 'sonny' a slang used by Americans to refer to a bright youngster. *SUN Founded by 4 Stanford University buddies, SUN is the acronym for Stanford University Network. Andreas Bechtolsheim built a microcomputer; Vinod Khosla recruited him and Scott McNealy to manufacture computers based on it, and Bill Joy to develop a UNIX-based OS for the computer. *Yahoo! The word was invented by Jonathan Swift and used in his book 'Gulliver's Travels'. It represents a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely human. Yahoo! Founders Jerry Yang and David Filo selected the name because they considered themselves yahoos.

 India Shining The election commission always reminds us that there is democracy in this country and politicians are also answerable. Cheers!!! The campaign with "economic reforms" as the theme had been launched on September 9 as a part of programmes under the India Development initiative, it said. In continuation the second phase with India Shining was launched on October 10, it added. The Election Commission felt that the advertisements provided an "undue advantage" to the party in power and could "influence" voters, it said in a communication to the Cabinet secretary and the I&B secretary. urlLink ">Rediff

 Linus, Linux & opensource everywhere urlLink Leader of the Free World A wired article about modest dictator of the linux world and find out how open source is spreading urlLink EVERYWHERE like a epidemic.

 Winners Never Quit Through Email A winner is NOT one who NEVER FAILS, but one who NEVER QUITS! . read on.. A candidate for a news broadcasters post was rejected by officials since his voice was not fit for a news broadcaster.He was also told that with his obnoxiously long name, he would never be famous. *He is Amitabh Bacchan. A small boy - the fifth amongst seven siblings of a poor father, was selling newspapers in a small village to earn his living.He was not exceptionally smart at school but was fascinated by religion and rockets.The first rocket he built crashed. A missile that he built crashed multiple times and he was made a butt of ridicule. He is the person to have scripted the Space Odyssey of India single-handedly - *Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam. In 1962, four nervous young musicians played their first record audition for the executives of the Decca recording Company.The executives were not impressed. While turning down this group of musicians, one executive said, "We don't like their sound. Groups of guitars are on the way out." * The group was called The Beatles. In 1944, Emmeline Snively, director of the Blue Book Modelling Agency told modelling hopeful Norma Jean Baker, "You'd better learn secretarial work or else get married." *She went on and became Marilyn Monroe. In 1954, Jimmy Denny, manager of the Grand Ole Opry, Fired a singer after one performance. He told him, "You ain't goin' nowhere....son. You ought to go back to drivin' a truck." * He went on to become Elvis Presley. * When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone in 1876, it did not ring off the hook with calls from potential backers. After making a demonstration call,President Rutherford Hayes said, "That's an amazing invention, but who would ever want to see one of them?" * When Thomas Edison invented the light bulb, he tried over 2000 experiments before he got it to work. A young reporter asked him how it felt to fail so many times. He said, "I never failed once. I invented the light bulb. It just happened to be a 2000-step process." * In the 1940s, another young inventor named Chester Carlson took his idea to 20 corporations, including some of the biggest in the country.They all turned him down. In 1947, after 7 long years of rejections, he finally got a tiny company in Rochester, NY, the Haloid company, to purchase the rights to his invention -- an electrostatic paper-copying process.Haloid became Xerox Corporation. *A little girl - the 20th of 22 children, was born prematurely and her survival was doubtful. When she was 4 years old, she contracted double pneumonia and scarlet fever, which left her with a paralysed left leg. At age 9, she removed the metal leg brace she had been dependent on and began to walk without it. By 13 she had developed a rhythmic walk, which doctors said was a miracle. That same year she decided to become a runner. She entered a race and came in last. For the next few years every race she entered, she came in last. Everyone told her to quit, but she kept on running. One day she actually won a race. And then another.From then on she won every race she entered.Eventually this little girl - Wilma Rudolph, went on to win three Olympic gold medals. A school teacher scolded a boy for not paying attention to his mathematics and for not being able to solve simple problems. She told him that you would not become anybody in life. * The boy was Albert Einstein. The Moral of the above Stories: * Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet Only through experiences of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired and success achieved. * You gain strength, experience and confidence by every experience where you really stop to look fear in the face. * You must do the thing you cannot do. And remember, the finest steel gets sent through the hottest furnace. *In LIFE, remember that you pass this way only once! let's live life to the fullest and give it our extreme best. * "Failure is the pillar of success!" * "Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win."

 India Outsourcing Summit urlLink CIOL : News : India outsourcing summit kicks off : "India outsourcing summit kicks off The two-day summit is creating a platform to debate and discuss topics considered crucial to India like selling outsourcing offshore, brand and market presence." urlLink ">The 2003 India Outsourcing Summit October 15-16, 2003 The Leela Palace Bangalore, India Produced by Michael F. Corbett & Associates, Ltd. in association with Fortune Custom Projects and Trade Fairs & Conferences International. Supported by NASSCOM. Hosted by STPI.

 Win-Win Outsourcing Ronen Sen, Indian high commissioner to Britain writes in Hindustan Times and its a very simple thing to follow for the anti-india anti-outsourcing crowd of the developed nations. A must read... This is what developed nations get... According to conservative estimates, US companies saved $16 billion and British firms saved around 1 billion through outsourcing to India last year Not just costs, but quality It is not just lower labour costs that are making India an increasingly attractive global location for outsourcing. It has been the experience of virtually every British, or foreign, company that savings in labour costs in India become secondary to the marked improvement in quality and consumer satisfaction. This applies not just to relatively low skill operations like call centres, but higher value added services involving financial management, sophisticated software development, realignment and optimisation of total business operations and so on. This is what I also say... In a globalised economy, one cannot reasonably expect unhindered movement of capital and free trade only in selected goods and services, and impose barriers in other areas that do not suit the short-term interests of some nations. Countries like India do not need aid or handouts but greater market access in goods and services, not on concessional, but on an equitable and mutually advantageous basis. [ Source : urlLink Outsourcing: A win-win strategy of partnership : HindustanTimes.com ]

 Lump in the Bed Through urlLink Gargi "Roses are red/Violets are blue/Oh my, lump in the bed/How I've missed you." "Roses are redder/Bluer am I/Seeing you kissed by that charming French guy." "The dogs and the cat, they missed you too/Barney's still mad you dropped him, he ate your shoe/The distance, my dear, has been such a barrier/Next time you want an adventure, just land on a carrier." -- None other than Mr. Bush To find more about the Lump in the bed, go to urlLink CNN

 Big BPOs Big Jobs Dollar economics, availibility of english speaking masses, hi-tech talent and loads of industry enthusiasm and proven results encourages multinationals to set up shops in India. Even with a lavish infrastructure & salaries they are bound to invest/spend less compared to US or any other developed nation. Many patriotic drives and local concerns are raising their voice agains this phenomenon, but always get to see counter reports on the merits and demerits of outsourcing. If US would try to save the local jobs, that will mean more expensenses and hence hard survival of these corporations and utltimately it would affect their economy only. This hatred is creating anti-india sentiments and taking a political shape. Ofcourse local interests are important, but these issues are raised by developing nations from a long time. Why there is hue and cry when you are beaten in your own game?. When developing nations raise their concerns they are told about 'global market', 'free-trade', 'fair-trade' and blah-blah, but when it comes to them 'global turns to local'. V.k.raghunathan reports in The Straits Times urlLink Business outsourcing brings top jobs to India :: Centres serving multinationals earn $4b and employ 170,000 Indians - this will increaseto $31b and nearly one million jobs by 2008 Professionals looking for high-paying jobs do not need to go abroad - more and more multinationals are moving their operations to India.According to The New York Times, US companies are expected to farm out jobs worth US$136 billion by 2015. India, China, Russia and the Philippines are expected to benefit.

 Netscreen acquires Neoteris Sam Srinivas, Shyam Davuluru and Surya Koneru -- are selling urlLink Neoteris , an Internet security company, to Netscreen Technologies, a Nasdaq-listed company.Neoteris has pioneered the rapidly growing urlLink secure socket layer technology in the VPN market and also emerged as a market leader with over 36 per cent of market share. Neoteris attracted the interest of urlLink Netscreen , a leading developer of integrated network security solutions, as wares developed by the former would help in expanding its existing product offering. [ Source : urlLink Times Of India ] Neoteris (ne-o-ter-is) - Noun: A new land or territory. Neoteris is pioneering new territory by providing instant, secure access to selected internal network resources to a defined group of employees and partners from any Internet Web browser.Neoteris was conceived by four founders, Sam Srinivas, Theron Tock, Surya Koneru, and Shyam Davuluru. Originally named DanaStreet after the coffee shop where the founders often met to discuss the technology before incorporating, the company changed its name to Neoteris in September, 2001, to reflect their mission of pioneering "new land" in simple, secure remote access. [Source : Neoteris.com]

 India can break US grip on hi-tech urlLink Andrew Grove founder of urlLink INTEL said this at a global technology summit in Washington via satellite on Thursday. "Observing that India and China are "key threats" to continued US dominance in important high technology sectors, Intel Chairman Andrew S Grove has said India could surpass America in software and tech-service jobs by 2010. " [Source : urlLink Kerala Next ]

 XStormTech gets acquired SAN management software startup urlLink AppIQ Corp. has acquired urlLink XStormTech Inc. , a garage-stage outfit that has developed a storage resource management (SRM) application. AppIQ did not disclose financial terms of the deal (see urlLink AppIQ Acquires XStormTech XStormTech is founded by Vijay Sarashetti, previously global engineer of applications and storage management at Deutsche Bank AG. He claims that he started his own SRM software company last year after examining the tools available in the market -- and finding none of them suitable for his needs. XStormTech, which has fewer than five employees, has no paying customers for its still-in-beta software. [Source : urlLink Byte&Switch ]

 High Tech and Middle Class Growth Middle class is seeing change in the way they live, opportunities in the job markets are rising and people are now little more hopeful compared to recent bad times we have seen. The graduates atleast now can get a job on the basis of their language skills alone in a call center. And as I have said in my recent post that , the small towns are also seeing the growth and opportunities. Where the middle class lack is , the entreprenurship. But since we going through a change, we will surely catch up sometime on entrepreneurship also. urlLink High tech fuels India's growth : "Although economists agree that India's middle class is growing rapidly, estimating its size is difficult because there is no consensus on its definition. By American standards, the lifestyle enjoyed by Chakrabarty would hardly be considered lavish. But according to a ranking system devised by the National Council of Applied Economic Research in New Delhi, which recently completed a survey of Indian consumption patterns based on interviews with 300,000 households, Chakrabarty and his family belong to the category of 'very rich,' one of whose attributes is car ownership. Based on those definitions, Executive Director Suman Bery said, about 550 million of India's 1.04 billion people could have been considered middle class in 2000, the latest year for which survey data are available. That's a big jump from 1990, when the number of middle-class Indians, both climbers and consumers, was estimated at 310 million."....

 Rural Movement Recenlty the rural india was neglected completely from the business point of view. Other than agriculture, nobody is concentrating on anything, atleast there can be some value addition in agriculture alone. Some initiative are happening and some really encouraging results are also appearing. Businesses are now looking forwards towards the Rural Marketing and understanding the minds of Rural Indian Consumer. Lots of opporunities can be created for rural sector so that rural india finds encouragement and enthusiasm in their own environment instead of looking towards cities, who are turning out to be skyscrapers and slums bazaar. urlLink Rural India is on the move - The Times of India : "In just three years, Raj Narayanan from Kerala turned his life around and shrugged off the tag of poorest of the poor. A man, who once couldnt eke a living, now takes home over Rs 8,000 a month."...

 BPO RUMPUS urlLink Business Standard .. BPO rumpus: Nasscom says US could lose a $2 trillion opportunity : This reports finds out the cost of the protectionism for the US governement and about the shortage of manpower in high tech areas in the near future. So ulitmatley we can save the superpower, is it? find out... According to the report, for every $100 of call-center work offshored by US firms, $143 is invested back into the US economy in the form of repatriated profits, increased sales of telecom equipment and cost-savings. Similarly, in the case of IT services offshoring, for every $100 of work offshored, $133 is invested back into the US and $142 is invested back in case of high-end knowledge services like equity research, underwriting, tax preparation and risk management."....

 BPO in small towns The BPO companies are now targetting the recruitment from the smaller town and cities [ urlLink BPO firms head-hunt in smaller cities | Rediff ] , some are even starting their operation at these places. Infratructure might be a issue, but everything else seems to be fine here. Metroites have a very expectations from their job and the workplace environment since they have an opportunity to compare with other companies, other industries and moreover other batchmates who are doing well and are in the real technical jobs. But there grads from the small places don't have any such exposure and most of the times find themselves in the heaven. They find that compared to others in their town they are getting a 5 figure salaries, posh and air-conditioned workplace, canteen & pick up facitlities, training and workshops and many more things. Since the life in these areas is not so hectic the frustration levels and atrition rate is also very low in these places.

 Murphy's law in project management urlLink Government Computer News (GCN) daily news -- federal, state and local government technology; urlLink Murphys Law in project management : "In the world of managing government projects, 'Murphys Law is alive and well.' And according to James Brooke, a project manager who spoke today at the Project Management Institutes global conference here, complex projects have a better chance for success if they are broken into bits. "......

 BPO moving up the value chain BPO companies are trying hard to move up the urlLink value chain .Evalueserve is one of them and it is doing this by providing value added services like patent writing, market research and multilingual services. The kind of possibilities they are handling are :- * Evaluating the commercial prospects of inventions in Russia and China. Evalueserves client, which specialises in extraction of intellectual property from Russia and China, was hired by the U.S. Commerce Department to analyse such inventions with the objective of keeping such technology out of the wrong hands. * Research for a hedge funds database, tracking financial statements of 2,300 companies. This is soon expected to grow to 6,000 companies. * Research and analysis of value-chain segments and industry developments for a market research firm specialising in information technology and telecommunications. * Market forecast studies for an OTC drug worldwide for a research firm. [ Source : urlLink Business Standard ]

 The rise of outsourcing urlLink Outsourcing and urlLink selective outsourcing is on rise. But now we should also start focussing on the Product Development . It's very hard to digest that firms like WIPRO and INFOSYS are just large manpower and service providers, but when it come to products they don't have anything substantial to offer,atleast to my knowledge. Wipro seems to be trying its hand in health care and other sectors but still it has not carved it's name. There are very few examples like i-flex. We need to understand that tomorrow may not provide us with waves like y2k, euro conversion, dot com, outsourcing, call centres and bpo. We need to create the wave instead of just riding on the wave.

 UK - Do not blame Indiia for JOb Loss Atleast somebody is thinking sensibly. It is also very important at these times that India (NASSCOM & GOvt.) does some brand building and PR to spread some goodwill and erase the 'anti-outsourcing-anti-india' sentiments.:: Asking Britain's trade unions to show a sense of fairness towards India, British Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott has said that it was "unfair" to blame India for loss of British jobs because of "outsourcing" and India must be gi ven a chance to develop its skills and markets.... [Source : urlLink The Hindu ]

 iNDIA , the economic superpower? The Economic Times Intelligence Group studied the latest monthly data from Emerging Portfolio.com Fund Research (EPFR) and found that India offers the second-highest return across the world which came to 13% in August 03 to these funds. India is the fourth most preferred destination for parking funds.... [Source : urlLink Economic Times ]

 India BPO & Outsourcing Watch urlLink VCs, private equity firms fund over $180 m in Q2 | ET Over $180 million flowed into 16 Indian companies in the second quarter (Q2) of current fiscal ending September by way of funding from venture capital (VC) and private equity firms. Also the number of deals in Q2 increased compared to the previous quarter ending June.As in the past, BPO (business process outsourcing) continued to be the darling of VCs. However, in a significant departure from the past, VC have started looking beyond the IT and BPO sectors.... urlLink Techumseh to crank up outsourcing | Business Standard Techumseh Products Company (TPC), the $2 billion US compressors maker, is increasing the amount of work outsourced from its Indian subsidiary, Tecumseh Products India Pvt Ltd (TPIL). urlLink Technovate top BPO co with $160m valuation | ET European online travel company ebookers has divested a 6.25% stake in its fully owned Indian BPO subsidiary, Technovate, for $10m to Kipotechniki, a Belgian subsidiary of Mikal. With this transaction, Technovate is one of the highest valued BPO companies in India, with a valuation of $160m..... urlLink Nasscom Points To Big Deals As US Govt IT Budgets Grow | FE Infotech spending by the US federal government for 2004 is estimated to be $59.37 billion, according to a new National Association of Software and Service Companies ( urlLink Nasscom ) report. Spending by US state governments has been hovering around the $40 billion mark, the report targeted at software companies aiming to tap this lucrative market said.

 Die Another Technology urlLink Ten Technologies That Deserve to Die : Some technologies are so blatantly obnoxious that the human race would rejoice if they were summarily executed. A humorist and science fiction writer offers some candidates."

 Blame it on Gandhi Yesterday on 2nd October India celebrated Gandhi Jayanti. Earlier when I was in school it used to be the time too see movie "Gandhi" on television. I think this movie is the only movie where India is shown so strong. Gandhi ji is just a brand name today, congress has ruled this country more than 40 years by cashing on names like him and Nehru, then Indira and then Rajiv. Now their image is no more than anti-BJP and BJP, even though has a image of Hinduism and some say fundamentalism, according to me it has no image whatsover. It has the only image of a 'struggler', it is just struggling to be in power in the name of anything. They are so busy in holding their seats that any ideology cannnot stay with them. They are trying to please to many lords. Speaking of brand name Gandhi, there are two people in india who according to their holistic knowledge either love gandhi or hate gandhi. I am one of the rare categories, who is complete neutral. I like people and I respect them but I treat nobody like god and never hate anybody like devil. Today it has become very fashionable to blame gandhiji for each and everything in India to relationship with Pakistan. Whatever may be the actual thing, I am having no knowledge of history but I know that there were few leaders in this country who didn't construct or hold any thing for themselves and among those one was Gandhi ji. But may be his ideologies might have not been applicable everywhere but we cannot blame him for that. That time was different, that battle ground was different and it's very easy to pass comments in the comfort of our democracy where nobody cares. I praise gandhi ji for.... *Showing the path of Satyagraha *Preaching Non-Violence *Quit India Movement *Boycott of foreign goods at those times *Preaching Truth Instead of blaming and digging the past if we would have concentrated on rural development which was hihgly stressed upon by gandhiji, half of India's problem would have been solved by now. So my request to everybody is that however fashionable you may find critisizing and blaming gandhiji, yeh public hai .. yeh sab janti hai. I only blame gandhi ji for one thing "KHADI", the ultimate formal wear of political devils.

 Appointment Letter from Microsoft Rajiv sent his bio data to America to apply for a post in microsoft. A few days later he got this reply:- "Dear Mr. Rajiv, You do not meet our requirements. Please do not send any further correspondance. No phone call shall be entertained. Thanks" Rajiv jumped with joy on receiving this reply.He arranged a party and when all the guests had come,he said "Bhaiyon aur Behno,aap ko jaan kar khushi hogee ki mujhay america mein naukri mil gayee hai." Everyone was delighted. Rajiv continued "Ab main aap sab ko apnaa appointment letter padkar sunaongaa par letter english main hai isliyen saath-saath hindi main translate bhee kartaa jaongaa. Dear Mr. Rajiv-----pyare Rajiv sahab You do not meet----aap to miltay hee naheen ho our requirement----humko to zaroorat hai Please do not send any furthur correspondance----ab letter vetter bhejnay kee zaroorat nahee hai. No phone call ----phone vone kee bhee zaroorat nahee hai shall be entertained----bahut khaatir kee jayegi. Thanks----aapkaa bahut bahut shukriya [Through Email]

 India Outsourcing Updates urlLink Microsoft to outsource more work from India | Times of India urlLink Microsoft , as part of plan to increase outsourcing from India, is investing $100 million over the next five years. The number of developers working on Microsoft technologies is expected to double during the period.Currently, Microsoft technologies constitute around 20-25 per cent of the total $8-billion offshoring work done from India. urlLink Outsourcing to boost big software firms' topline | Economic Times "The primary reason for the growth in topline is India's emergence as an attractive destination for outsourcing. Though the global as well as US' IT spending still remains subdued, India has gained more visibility as an outsourcing destination," said the report. urlLink think3 Delivers Design Outsourcing Services and Complete Product Development Solution to Universe Corporation | Market Wire Universe Corporation has already realized solid productivity improvements through previous projects with urlLink think3's professional services group. In one project, think3 developed and implemented a new methodology for Universe Corporation to transition its 2D development process to a 3D parametric design process over three weeks. Another project, executed exclusively by a think3 offshore team in India, reduced Universe Corporation's product development cycle time from 5.5 weeks to 4 weeks. urlLink ITtoolbox Study Reveals Steady Increases in IT Outsourcing Worldwide | Yahoo Biz When asked about the top strategic reason for outsourcing, 36% of participants cited the lure of cost savings, followed by 15% who voiced a need for special skills and/or services. The survey findings further demonstrated that companies are increasingly outsourcing to foreign countries in order to cut costs and tap into a less expensive labor force. Of the 31% of participants who indicated they presently outsource abroad, a significant 21% are outsourcing IT functions to India. urlLink Offshore outsourcing drives IT service sector | FT According to preliminary market data from Gartner, the technology research group, the growth rate for the sector will rise to 7 per cent next year from around 6.6 per cent this year and 6.3 per cent last year. This is being driven mainly by the need for companies to trim IT maintenance costs by moving operations offshore to countries such as India.

 India BPO Updates urlLink ebookers Secures $10m Investment in India Business, Valuing Entire Subsidiary At $160m and Gives Trading Update | Yahoo Biz urlLink ebookers plc (Nasdaq: EBKR, LSE: EBR) the No.1 online pan-European retail leisure specialist, today announces an investment of $10m in its India BPO subsidiary, Tecnovate, and gives an update on trading. urlLink Evalueserve: Establishing presence in the growing BPO mkt | Economic Times Providers of BPO services move beyond call-centres and routine data-crunching tasks toward higher-end services. Among this emerging group of BPO firms is urlLink Evalueserve , which is headquartered in Bermuda and has its main operational centre in Gurgaon, some 10 miles outside New Delhi, Indias capital. urlLink ADC to expand India operations | Economic Times With India focus going mainstream and leveraging Indian cost and talent considered as the right way to do business, urlLink ADC is making significant additions to its operations in Bangalore.

 Jobless Recovery Alan Kohler points out that even when the market is recovering in developed nations it is not creating any jobs for the localites. His cries "Australia will become a nation of salespeople, waiters and - one sincerely hopes - journalists. The Mumbai Morning Herald, anyone?" . Why these concerns were not developed countries become the grand father of the third world and try to dominate and be bullish on them. Dear Alan we feel the same when things like turmeric and basmati rice get patents. urlLink Blame India for that jobless recovery - www.smh.com.au : "It is mostly a labour cost arbitrage play. An Indian PhD costs less than $US10,000 a year - 80 per cent below the starting salary of a similarly qualified person in the US. Indian universities are producing 2 million graduates a year, all of whom can speak perfect English."

 The next level of outsourcing IT infrastructure management. Now the companies like Wipro, TCS and Infosys are eyeing for the IT infrastucture management which involves from hardware to the security of the network and systems. urlLink Managing IT infrastructure the next frontier - The Economic Times : "Wipro has been providing IT infrastructure services for over 22 years now. We pioneered the concept of managed IT infrastructure services in India and extended this to global clients, said GK Prasanna, VP (technology infrastructure services) Wipro. "....

 A $300 mn join venture fund urlLink US firm in JV for $300-mn fund - The Times of India : " urlLink Resource Financial Corporation of the US will set up a $300-million private equity fund Indian American Capital Partners with the Mumbai-based urlLink Brescon Corporate Advisors ."

 The healthy Job Market urlLink Jobs abound in India's booming tech sector : HindustanTimes.com : "India's software sector, including the back-office services industry, added 130,000 -- nearly 25 per cent -- to its workforce in the year to March, taking the sector to 650,000. Wage costs are rising but are not yet a threat for a nation that churns out about 200,000 engineers per year, analysts say."

 Bhartiya Yuva Shakti Trust urlLink Bhartiya Yuva Shakti Trust : "Developing entrepreneurs by providing young disadvantaged people in India with loans against no collaterals and a business guru" urlLink ASIAN SUMMIT ON YOUTH ENTREPRENEURSHIP & EMPLOYMENT : Highlights >> Asian Conference Thought Leadership; Concepts and Models; Action Plan for National Agendas; Public-Private Partnering Awards: JRD Tata Young Entrepreneurs Awards for Business Excellence Launch: BYST's Asian Centre of Excellence Showcase: Entrepreneurship Programs & Products Go & See: Urban and Rural Entrepreneurs Fusion Concert: By Leading International Artistes for Celebrating BYST's Tenth Anniversary

 Growth in BPO urlLink 'BPO market in India to touch $7 bn by 2006' : HindustanTimes.com : "The BPO market in India, which stood at $2.1 billion in 2002, was expected to increase to about $7 billion by 2006, Singh said at the sidelines of a conference on ITeS, 'IT East 2003', organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry."

 Classic Definitions & Cool Meanings: Through email... Cigarette : A pinch of tobacco rolled in paper with fire at one end & a fool at the other. Love affairs : Something like cricket where one-day internationals are more popular than a five day test. Marriage : It's an agreement in which a man loses his bachelor degree and a woman gains her master Divorce : Future tense of marriage Lecture : An art of transferring information from the notes of the lecturer to the notes of the students without passing through "the minds of either". Conference : The confusion of one man multiplied by the number present. Compromise : The art of dividing a cake in such a way that everybody believes he got the biggest piece. Tears : The hydraulic force by which masculine will-power is defeated by feminine water-power .. Dictionary : A place where divorce comes before marriage. Conference Room : A place where everybody talks, nobody listens & everybody disagrees later on. Ecstasy : A feeling when you feel you are going to feel a feeling you have never felt before. Classic : A book which people praise, but do not read. . Smile : A curve that can set a lot of things straight. Office : A place where you can relax after your strenuous home life. Yawn : The only time some married men ever get to open their mouth. Etc. : A sign to make others believe that you know more than you actually do. Committee: Individuals who can do nothing individually and sit to decide that nothing can be done together. Experience : The name men give to their mistakes. Atom Bomb: An invention to end all inventions. Philosopher : A fool who torments himself during life, to be spoken of when dead. Diplomat : A person who tells you to go to hell in such a way that you actually look forward to the trip. Opportunist : A person who starts taking bath if he accidentally falls into a river. Optimist : A person who while falling from Eiffel Tower says in midway "See I am not injured yet." Pessimist : A person who says that O is the last letter in ZERO, Instead of the first letter in word OPPORTUNITY. Miser : A person who lives poor so that he can die rich. Father : A banker provided by nature. Criminal : A guy no different from the rest... except that he got caught. Boss : Someone who is early when you are late and late when you are early. Politician : One who shakes your hand before elections and your Confidence after. Doctor : A person who kills your ills by pills, and kills you with his bills. ME : An engineer, who when dosent have anything to do, writes something like this.

 Narayan Moorthy on Uniting Asia urlLink Murthy moots free movement of IT professionals across Asia : HindustanTimes.com : "'We need to move beyond visas and create an environment and culture that encourages free flow of people across the region,' said Murthy, adding Asian nations should follow a 'cooperation and competition' model and make use of each other's competitive advantage for mutual benefit. 'To realise the true potential of globalisation and free trade, as an entrepreneur, I should source capital from where it's the cheapest, outsource work to where it's the most cost-effective and sell where it's the most profitable,' said Murthy."

 urlLink IT industry faces new woes : "* The H1-B visa category was created in 1952 to provide the US economy with technically skilled foreign workers. from today, the official number of H1-B visas will be officially reduced from 1,95,000 to 65,000 and though the immediate impact may not be felt, there is no denying the fact that the industry may take a hit in the years ahead...... * Almost 50 per cent of the H1-B visas issued worldwide last year by the US went to Indian professionals. * India is also currently the second largest source, after Mexico, of legal immigrants to the US. * Currently, there are some estimated 900,000 H1-B employees in the US, 35-45 per cent of whom are from India, according to the American Immigration Lawyers Association. * The US is the prime export destination of the Indian software industry, whose export revenues increased from $164 million in 1991 to around $10 billion in 2002, representing a compounded annual growth rate of 45 per cent.

 We dont want your code urlLink India cold to Microsoft's code offer - The Economic Times What Microsoft is trying atleast I cannot understand, it is trying hard to crush open source softwares by revealing the code to selected few. But who cares?

 The outsourcing of Americas jobs The article discusses the effects of outsourcing on the American Middle Class. Many people in USA are now becoming 'India-aware' but are they not aware how developed nations and their coporations have been exploiting developing nations from years. But again we cannot blame them, cause almost all developing nations are headed by fully corrupt politicians. urlLink The outsourcing of Americas jobs Today, consistent with economic globalization policies, corporate America is either importing less-costly immigrant labor or shipping jobs out of America and into underdeveloped countries, where profits can be maximized. Jobs are being taken out of the U.S., while President Bush is busy telling Americans that they will see more jobs. At the same time, he is pushing to reduce regulations on industry to increase overseas trade. And who do you really think is going to reap the benefits of any proposed tax relief? Government is coerced into fostering legislation that allows corporations to carry out their plans (i.e. The North America Trade Agreement, etc.). Hence, major corporations are downsizing their American workforce and at the same time exporting jobs into Mexico, Latin America, Taiwan, China, India, Russia and other parts of the world.

 Hyping the Outsourcing to India According to urlLink Tom Drury , managing director of Vertex, a major customer services operation set up in 1996, more British jobs might be relocated to India, but he believed that ' urlLink the situation is over-hyped '."

 Anti-India Anti- Outsourcing Article : urlLink The Pitfalls of International Outsourcing

 Controversial Outsourcing Subir Roy of Business Standards interviews of Harris N Miller who is president of the urlLink Information Technology Association of America (ITAA), which represents over 500 leading IT-related companies in the US. "What is your role in the US? Ans. The role of IT in the US is to stop bad things from happening. We want to stop governments from imposing restrictions on work going offshore, stop there being additional restrictions on immigration. If the opponents define the debate as a win-lose situation, that if the Indian industry grows, the US industry falls, then we, the US and the Indian industry, are all in trouble. If we define the debate in the US and in India as a win-win and be mutually together then the opponents are going to fall by the wayside. It has been said that it is necessary to seek a far higher level of political support on the issue in the US than available so far. Ans. Even the strongest supporter of globalisation in the US Congress is not a strong supporter when unemployment is 7 or 8 per cent in his Congressional district. The ITAA and its member companies who support globalisation dont support offshoring. We dont support losing jobs to India. My membership [of ITAA] is US-based. We support fair global competition, we oppose restrictions on it and we have to convince our elected officials day in and day out. My lobbying message is: thats a better model than the restrictionist and protectionist one. And we can give them things to do, like promoting education and training in the US. Weve been falling behind in the US on this. " - urlLink Business Standard .. Outsourcing to India is a controversial issue :

 EU-India Business Summit India and the urlLink European Union begin one of their biggest-ever trade facilitation talks on Friday as the fourth EU-India Business Summit kicks off with opening session address by External Affairs Minister urlLink Yashwant Sinha and EU Commissioner for External Relations urlLink Chris Patten .But the talks on urlLink WTO issue are unlikely to take place during the summit.

 HIT Venture Funding At a time when venture capitalists are shying away from funding start-up IT companies, urlLink Hyderabad Information Technology Venture Enterprises Ltd (HITVEL), the first venture fund floated by urlLink the state government , is not thinking of exiting from the funded companies and is rather looking at a Rs 40 crore fund for start-ups. : : urlLink Finacial Express : :

 Virgin to move jobs to India urlLink Virgin Atlantic group has decided to urlLink move the entire groups back office and call centre service jobs to India and has has entered into a tie-up with Bangalore-based leading business process outsourcing (BPO) company urlLink ICICI Onesource recently for outsourcing the jobs initially on a pilot basis.

 Dell Affirms its committment In response to a number of complaints about customer service calls, Dell Computer (Quote, Chart) is bringing some of its overseas business customer service back to the U.S., but stressed that urlLink it remains committed to its call centers in India.

 Tit for Tat : Arun Shourie The US of A is getting very protective and anti-india anti-outsourcing sentiments are rising sharply with legislation in eight states in the US now, compared with five states just three months ago. Shourie hits back by saying that if they will close the services market , we also have the option of closing the goods market. We should co-operate with our competitors. But at the same time, we should not open up in goods, if walls are set up to block access to services, Communications, IT and disinvestment minister urlLink Arun Shourie said , while speaking at the urlLink India Economic Summit

 Economic Pressure & Outsourcing urlLink U.N. Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) reports says that for developed nation the urlLink Economic pressures is pushing outsourcing .Companies in the United States and Europe are looking for competitive advantages and cost-cutting measures when they look to developing countries for IT outsourcing.

 Cognizant to add 3,000 people The $365-million turnover urlLink Cognizant Technology Solutions has chalked out a urlLink major expansion plan that envisages adding 3,000 people to its Indian off-shore development operations by the end of 2004.

 urlLink Business Standard .. Foreign students prefer own business to corporate job : Students from the urlLink London Business School (LBS) prefer setting up own company and testing the skills learned to high-paid corporate jobs. However, for many students of the urlLink Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad , the corporate sector jobs still hold the charm"

 Premji's maxims urlLink Premji's maxims for IIT students : *A rupee earned is of far more value than five found. *Learn to lose and also to enjoy winning. And when you do lose, do not lose the lesson. *Have faith in your own ideas even if everyone tells you they are wrong. Have enduring faith in yourself because then you will always have enduring faith in others. *Life's battle does not always go to the person who is stronger and faster. But the person who wins is the person who thinks he can. *Strive for excellence. We are what we repeatedly do. Remember, excellence is not an act but a habit. *Always keep in mind that it is only the test of fire that makes fine steel. *Open your arms to change, but don't let go of your values. Your values are your foundation for life.

 BPO Baacklash ! A $15.2-million contract between a subsidiary of India-based Tata Consultancy Services and an American state agency has been cancelled, falling victim to politics in view of elections in the US next year. Indiana state's urlLink Governor Joe Kernan , a Democratic candidate for elections due in November next year, has ordered the urlLink State Department of Workforce to cancel its contract with Tata America International Corp, a subsidiary of urlLink TCS , to upgrade state computers processing unemployment claims. urlLink BPO backlash! US state nixes TCS deal :

 The India Fad India with is growing BPO, Outsourcing and IT growth is becoming a great attraction in US campuses. urlLink BPO to India a big fad on US campuses - The Economic Times

 India : The voice of the developing nations urlLink Business Standard .. US tech body says India should be voice of the Third World : "When you talk about China, they (Americans) say it is a huge market with 1.3 billion population whereas Indias image is as a good software producer. They dont know that India has one billion population and growing middle class consumers"

 30 million Jobs through Outsourcing "Right now less than one-third of fortune companies are going for outsourcing and less than one-twentyfourth of that was coming to India... So there is huge potential for job creation from outsourcing in the country," - K James Abraham , VP - Boston Consulting Group (BSG) urlLink Outsourcing can create 30 million jobs in India by 2020: Study : HindustanTimes.com

 28% Growth in Indian IT, but still insufficient According to urlLink NASSCOM president Kiran Karnik, the Indian IT industry will see a urlLink export growth between 26 and 28 percent over last year's figure and the annual revenues are expected to soar to around US$80 billion by 2008. On the other hand Rajat Gupta, a management consultant and a former McKinsey CEO isn't convinced and urlLink points the insufficiency " True, weve made an impact in software services on the world stage, but its only a tiny segment of the global business opportunity and can induce a false sense of complacency "

 Youngest CEO Suhas Gopinath (17), born and based in the southern city of Bangalore is believed to be the urlLink world's youngest chief executive officer (CEO) of a software consultancy founded by him urlLink Globals Inc . This minor aims to become the next urlLink Bill Gates and has some major contracts in his credits.

 Nortel's Outsourcing Plan Back on Track urlLink Nortel Networks , the Canadian manufacturer of equipment that route voice and data traffic through networks, has put its software urlLink outsourcing programme to India back on track . The programme had suffered a serious setback in the last two years due the global telecom meltdown.

 Outsourcing with a Smile :-) Julia Finch writes on urlLink Gaurdian UK - In India, it's service with a compulsory smile " Mr Armishaw is keen to distance himself from comments by the bank's former chief executive Sir Keith Whitson, who caused a furore when he said that Indian and Chinese workers were better dressed, more numerate, enthusiastic and efficient than their UK counterparts. Mr Armishaw's arguments in favour of outsourcing start and end with cost, so long as there is no compromise in quality. "There isn't. The error rate is seven in every 10,000 calls in the UK and India. "

 Patentism or Protectionism urlLink George Monbiot a well known trade theorist and widely-read columnist with ' urlLink Guardian ', shares his vision of future with Tanu Thomas in urlLink Times of India 's Q&A section last thursday. He discusses how the rich nations of this world are bullying poor and third world nations in the name of 'free markets' and how for the first time the developing nations showed their unity at the recent Cancum convention. His sites the example of Intellectual Property Rights and Patentism. " The rich world has used its bargaining position to demand extraordinary concessions for its corporations. The classic example is the agreement on trade-related Intellectual Porperty Rights. 97% of patents are owned by coporations in the rich world, and it will cost poor nations $40 billion a year in licence fees, half of which will be payable to companies based in US. In return, it is very hard to see what the poorer nations have gained. "

 C. K . Prahlad on Indian Entrepreneurs urlLink CKP , a professor with University of urlLink Michigan Business School makes these statements while addressing at the urlLink TiECon conference being held as part of IT.com 2003. "There is a feeling that the poor are not a concern of the industry, but are the wards of the state. The industry should instead look at the poor as a source of innovation. I don't care if you do it because of a deep moral obligation or because it's a good opportunity or even just for greed." "Don't worry too much about the resource shortages, poor infrastructure, labor laws, cost of power etc. Entrepreneurs don't sit and complain, they go and do something about those complaints. It takes a lot of imagination to be an entrepreneur. It's the ability to see a theme park in a swamp." [ Source - urlLink CIOL ]

 Datamatics Invest $10 million Outsourcing startup urlLink White Label LLC of Billerica has closed a funding round from urlLink Datamatics Limited of Mumbai, India, at $10 million. With combined revenues of Rs150 crore, DTL emerges as the largest third-party pure-play BPO player in India. Datamatics urlLink ">News Flash about more such aquisitions.

 The Human Network A urlLink Technology Review article informs how urlLink Human Body Network Gets Fast . The Human Body Network a.k.a urlLink ElectAura-Net developed by Researchers from NTT Docomo Multimedia Labs and NTT Microsystem Integration Labs the ElectAura-Netis wireless, but instead of using radio waves, infrared light, or microwaves to transmit information it uses a combination of the electric field that emanates from humans and a similar field emanating from special floor tiles.

 Microsoft's BPO Cluster Microsoft is planning a Microsoft Global Product Support Centre (GPSC) and one of the largest BPO cluster in India with 9,000 people. urlLink Microsoft planning huge BPO cluster in India - The Economic Times

 Coming to India, the BPO nation urlLink Foreigners attracted to India's BPO culture : With more and more British and American outsourcing jobs coming to India, many Europeans are looking at India as a potential employment opportunity.

 Outlanding Outsourcing urlLink Scorp writes urlLink Outlandish outsourcing: What are its long-term effects? | TechRepublic . A wonderful article on protectionism, outsourcing and free market. The ultimate question raised by author is what would happen if US Govt or any govt for that matter would try to fix it. A must read And they call this "protectionism"why?? It doesn't protect the rights of the workers if the company is forced to lay off employees, or, worst case, to close its doors. Yet there are plenty of people who would call that company "unpatriotic" (or worseif in fact there IS a worse insult, these days!) for contracting out the job to a foreign-based concern. The point is, though, that the Law of Supply and Demand, with its inexorable corollaries of Price and Cost, is not mocked lightly nor for long. It's also an historical fact that legislating "protective" trade laws never really works on a long-term basis. It also quickly creates an underground market for smuggled goods. In the case of application code, that smuggling may be done rather undetectablya few .zip files e-mailed nonchalantly over the wire, and delivery is a fact.

 US$1.2 trillion Outsourcing Market India has had recent success in outsourcing with the sector making around a quarter of India's total software revenues of US$9.5 billion last year. urlLink Outsourcing to grow to US$1.2 trillion | CNetAsia

 DOEACC drops Microsoft In what could hit Microsofts interest in Indian market, the government owned non-formal software education outfit urlLink DOEACC has silently modified its syllabus urlLink dropping subjects on urlLink Microsoft technologies and increasing focus on open operating systems such as urlLink Linux

 Nasscom : Outsourcing Facts Here on the said page you would a good summarize report of what does outsourcing do for America and India. What are the benefits for both of them. This is specially for all those who think that these contracted nations are just scavengers and having a party exploiting rich nations. urlLink NASSCOM - Outsourcing : "The perceived notions about outsourcing need to be addressed placing the facts and figures in perspective - to ensure that this healthy trend grows and flourishes Outsourcing a part of the main business to outside vendors has been an acceptable and popular business strategy of global corporations for years. The trend has recently caught the attention of the worldwide community and become the latest buzzword doing the rounds of US media, industry and political circles due to the depressed economies world over. Recent studies on the benefits of IT outsourcing by business intelligence organizations such as McKinsey & Co. and other leading research companies have indicated the following: The ITES/BPO market is likely to touch US$142 billion in 2009, against the current cost of US$532 billion for these services. The difference of US$ 390 billion represents the net saving the US economy can expect from offshoring Such savings have a huge economic impact on dollar savings, leading to value creation for shareholders and the common man US banks, financial services and insurance companies have saved US$6-8 billion in the past four years owing to IT outsourcing to India Helped by these savings, companies have prevented layoffs and instead added 125,000 more jobs Offshoring to India has resulted in quality and productivity gains of the order of 15-20 percent US BFSI sector has managed to register customer satisfaction of almost 85% due to Offshoring to India vis-a-vis their European competitors "..............................................

 Forbes Face Of The Year : Kiran Karnik urlLink Forbes recognises India's IT prowess, puts face to it : HindustanTimes.com : "Kiran Karnik, the president of the urlLink National Association of Software and Service Companies (Nasscom) , is urlLink Forbes Face of the Year 2003 . If Nasscom is the self-proclaimed voice of Indias IT industry, Karnik is the man trying to direct the path of the offshoring tsunami, says Americas premier business magazine." In additions :- Forbes puts it: Despite concerns in the US about unemployment and lost innovation, there is no turning back. The pressure on US companies to cut costs and compete globally is too compelling. Forbes acknowledges Indias strong credentials, pointedly referring to its annual crop of 75,000 IT graduates. Little wonder, IT now accounts for 3 per cent of Indias GDP, or $16.5 billion, up from just $1.7 billion nine years ago. And the big driver in all this is exports of software and services to the US. Forbes says under Karnik Nasscom has been true to its charter of promoting Indias technology strength to the world and fostering a business-friendly environment for companies setting up shop in India. Over the past few years, many crucial white-collar tech jobs such as application development, database design, integration and services have moved to India.

 AOL to recruit developers in India AOL is coming to India in search of talent and cost effectiveness. urlLink InfoWorld: AOL plans to hire developers in India

 Localizing the Net urlLink Daily Herald : "The Internet is far from being a useful tool globally " Internet is a great tool used globally, but is it useful as a local tool. How well connected you find yourself locally other than mails. The Internet is mostly english and the content is more available for the developed nations, for developing nations you really need to drill down the internet because any useful information you find is in tits and bits and that also replicated on 1000s of pages. There has to be abundance of 'local' and 'intelligent' information availability which can 'really serve' the locals. Something like Ryze, which again is english speaking but is targetting the right audience, but what if there is RYZE-like thing for rest of the Indians in their local language. We may say why any villager or non-english-speaking would get 'connected', but why won't he get 'connected' if there is somethting 'in it - for him'. Ofourse the localized net doesn't mean 'content and news and blah blah blah', localization means - the ability of the localite to do something useful with the internet.

 VCs Venture into BollyWood urlLink VCs now turn to Bollywood - The Economic Times : "VCs now turn to Bollywood" ---- It's Different

 Intel ISEF Eight budding young scientists will represent India at the urlLink Intel International Science Engineering Fair (Intel ISEF) to be held at Portland, Oregon in the US during May 9-15 next year.

 Mumbai on TV5 For the first time ever, an Indian city will be featured on TV5s 24 Hrs. urlLink TV5 , the only worldwide public French speaking television channel which profiles four prominents cities of the world every year by urlLink telecasting a 24 hours special on the channel. 24 Hrs... has chosen Mumbai to be featured on its most widely watched special series across the USA, UK, Africa, and Asia.

 The Outsourcing Debate The debate will again start since many agencies will grow up the value chain. urlLink ITworld.com - Outsourcing debate to rage again in 2004 : What appears perhaps most threatening to the Western IT worker in the long term are efforts on the part of more experienced outsourcers to move up the labor chain, from basic programming jobs to high-end design and project management work." In the U.S. alone, the value of IT services provided by offshore labor will double to US$16 billion next year and triple again to $46 billion by 2007, according to market research company IDC, in Framingham, Massachusetts.

 American Digestive System & Outsourcing urlLink Americans swallow layoffs, but can't digest outsourcing - The Economic Times

 India's Software Growth urlLink Asiatimes reports : In line with its earlier projection, Indian software exports are on track to grow at 26 to 28 percent during the current fiscal year, urlLink National Association of Software and Service Companies (Nasscom) president Kiran Karnik said on Tuesday. "We are on track to grow at 26 to 28 percent in software exports in 2003-04," he said on the sidelines of the Asia Tech Summit, adding the October-December quarter looked good. Nasscom had projected Indian software and services were likely to register US$12 billion in revenue

 Googling in India S. Rajagopan reports in urlLink Hindustan Times urlLink Google , the king of Internet search engines, is homing in on urlLink Bangalore for its first research and development centre outside the US. The centre is slated to open in March and will initially employ about 100 engineers, the Mountain View, California-based company announced on Thursday. Significantly, Google's decision has been driven not by the usual cost-cutting quest, but by a wish to tap Indias "considerable engineering and technical talent". The new facility will enable the company to continue to develop services for its users and customers worldwide, a spokesperson said.

 The Biotech Growth Indian biotechnology sector is expected to rake in a urlLink global market share of 10% in the next five years from the present one per cent. The consumption of biotech products in India is estimated to grow ten-fold to $1.5 billion by 2007 and to $4.5 billion by 2010.

 High-Tech Outpost for U.S. Patents Indian units for companies like Cisco Systems, General Electric, I.B.M., Intel, Motorola and Texas Instruments are acting as urlLink High-Tech Outpost for U.S. Patents & have filed more than 1,000 patent applications with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Some applications, with patents already granted, date to the early 1990's. But most applications from India have been filed in the last two years and still await decisions by the patent examiners in Washington. Chandra Srinivasan, chairman of the Indian unit of the consulting firm A.T. Kearney points that , "In the process of getting low-end work done in India, multinationals discovered that there are not too many locations where they can find this abundance of superior talent at these kinds of costs."

 The Mumbai Brand Wagon urlLink Mumbai's brand is pure magic - The Times of India : According to a sample study conducted across eight centres in India by Rediffusion DYR, 86 per cent of the rest of India sees Mumbai as a distinctive brand as compared to 58 per cent of Mumbaiites.

 IT Park in Mumbai Mumbai-based property developer urlLink Royal Palms India (RPI) , is building a seven lakh square feet urlLink IT park at Goregaon where IT and ITES companies can get fully built up office space at a lease rental of Rs. 32 per square feet per month.

 The Outsourcing Effect urlLink InfoWorld: Offshore outsourcing: Little effect on US jobs: December 11, 2003: By : Application Development : "With most estimates saying 500,000 or fewer U.S. jobs have moved offshore to countries like India, offshore outsourcing has had little impact on the U.S. unemployment rate, which stood at 5.9 percent in November, said defenders of the practice during a forum, sponsored by the Information Policy Institute, in Washington, D.C. Instead, a more complex series of problems is causing the current 'jobless' economic recovery, with the U.S. economy failing to create new jobs over the past two years, said Erica Groshen, assistant vice president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. "

 India : The land of opporunity : : urlLink Sify : :Terming India as a 'land of opportunity', Fortune said that in Mumbai there would be about 62,050 outsourcing and IT workers focusing on financial research, back office, software led by Morgan Stanley, TCS, Citigroup, Mphasis and i-Flex Solutions. In Delhi, there would be about 73,000 IT professionals of Indian companies doing both captive and outsourcing jobs where the focus is call centres, transaction processing, ship design and software spearheaded by GE, American Express, ST Microelectronics, Wipro Spectramind, Convergys and Daksh. The hot spot Bangalore has the highest number of IT professionals at 1,09,500 working for Intel, IBM, SAP, SAS, Dell, Cisco, Texas Instrument, Motorola, HP, Oracle, Yahoo, America Online, Accenture, Wipro, Infosys and Msource. Bangalore focuses on chip design, software, bio-informatics, call centres, tax processing and IT consuting, the magazine said.

 Intel to create hot spots in India Intel has decided to create hot spots, or urlLink Wi-Fi (Wireless Fidelity) zones where a person can hook to the net wirelessly, across the country, by offering invaluable benefits to the travellers, corporate honchos, professional students and host of others. Taking advantage of its next generation technology called - urlLink Centrino Mobile Technology (CMT) (a wireless technology for net access) coupled with the growing demand for wireless network and higher bandwidth availability in the country, Intel has started working with its various partners to create 1000 hot spots by mid of 2004 to make the wireless computing an invaluable proposition.

 A Personal Guide to Offshoring to India urlLink Business Wire News Reports . urlLink Majesco Software President Writes New Book Outlining Process for Successful Partnering with Indian IT Firms Outsourcing technology development projects offshore to Indian software firms creates new benefits for American corporations and stimulates the American economy, writes urlLink Atul Vohra , president of urlLink Majesco Software, in a new book, "A Personal Guide to Offshoring to India." But to leverage the maximum benefits of offshoring to India companies must know and follow proven processes for outsourcing work, Vohra writes in his new book, scheduled for release in December. "India represents America's next great frontier. Working together, the United States and India will grow exponentially stronger. India's strengths in offshoring match up well with the needs and interests and culture of the most powerful nation on Earth. As China is America's foundry, India is the back office. And India is well positioned to become the back office for America, so that America may deploy her resources most effectively elsewhere," Vohra writes in the book. In his book, Vohra analyzes the strengths and weaknesses of moving projects offshore and particularly to India. He utilizes extensive research and his own experience as president of the U.S. operations for a global software development company to give a step-by-step plan that takes advantage of the strengths of the Indian IT firms. Vohra cites examples of how some of the largest American and British companies have learned to work with Indian firms. According to Vohra's analysis, U.S. corporations reduce costs significantly by offshoring projects, and thus they free up resources to innovate, design and develop new products and ventures, which create new, higher-paying jobs and stimulates the economy. "It is the business of America to design and innovate," he writes. Indian firms, in turn, are setting up more operations in America, generating thousands of new technology jobs. "You just have to look at the Silicon Valley today to realize how many new companies are being started by Indians," he notes. The book identifies and analyzes the advantages for American companies of working with Indian firms. While demonstrating that the much-discussed cost savings are substantial and will continue well into the 21st century, Vohra also points out that Indian firms bring high quality and predictability to the process of IT software development. For example, of the 74 companies worldwide that have attained Level 5 of the Capability Maturity Model (CMM) process, 50 are in India. "The bottom line is that offshoring to India represents potential savings of 40 to 60 percent since there needs to be a mix of onsite and offshore activity. Hourly rates in India range from $20 to $30 an hour compared to the U.S. where they vary from $70 to $100 per hour," Vohra writes. "Even with the added cost of remote project management, these labor rates give tremendous savings." urlLink MORE... .

 Vajpayee on Outsourcing Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee Saturday told developed countries that urlLink outsourcing of business was 'inevitable' and was the result of 'barriers to free movement of people' they had created. 'If people cannot go to where the business is, business will eventually come to where the people are,' Vajpayee said in an address to a special plenary session of the India-European Union (EU) business summit, coinciding with the fourth India-EU political summit."

 Outsourcing Benefits US According to San Francisco-based McKinsey Global Institute, an independent research group with McKinsey & Co. urlLink ">US benefits most from outsourcing : For every dollar spent on offshoring by the US in 2002, the total value derived by the global economy was $1.4 to $1.47. While 78 per cent of the value, $1.12 to $1.14, was retained in the US, only 22 per cent, $0.33, was accrued to offshoring destinations like India."

 Truthfulness, Responsibility and Accountability in Outsourcing The US senate has not stopped, they are finding the more effiecient and the wholesome ways to crack outsourcing. urlLink Anti-BPO moves: Worse yet to come - Times of India : * Bill, called "Truthfulness, Responsibility and Accountability in Contracting Act of 2003" (TRAC Act), introduced in the US Senate last year, could halt outsourcing by the entire federal government, if it becomes law. The objective of the TRAC Bill is "to ensure that the business of the federal government is conducted in the public interest and in a manner that provides for public accountability, efficient delivery of services, reasonable cost savings, and prevention of unwarranted Government expenses, and for other purposes". The TRAC Bill refers to outsourcing as one of the components of "contracting out" which will be monitored by the General Accounting Office (GAO). The new Bill says that certifying agencies will have to be formed in each department to monitor all projects contracted out. These agencies will have to report to the GAO that the procedures followed for outsourcing are fair and transparent. These procedures have been put in place to make outsourcing as difficult as possible. * Related: * urlLink Americans don't know what BPO is * urlLink Who are Outsourcing to India?

 The outsourcing reality for America The American reality from urlLink Wired.com : * A century ago, 40 percent of Americans worked on farms. Today, the farm sector employs about 3 percent of our workforce. But our agriculture economy still outproduces all but two countries. Fifty years ago, most of the US labor force worked in factories. Today, only about 14 percent is in manufacturing. But we've still got the largest manufacturing economy in the world - worth about $1.9 trillion in 2002. We've seen this movie before - and it's always had a happy ending. The only difference this time is that the protagonists are forging pixels instead of steel. And accountants, financial analysts, and other number crunchers, prepare for your close-up. Your jobs are next. After all, to export sneakers or sweatshirts, companies need an intercontinental supply chain. To export software or spreadsheets, somebody just needs to hit Return. What makes this latest upheaval so disorienting for Americans is its speed. Agriculture jobs provided decent livelihoods for at least 80 years before the rules changed and working in the factory became the norm. Those industrial jobs endured for some 40 years before the twin pressures of cheap competition overseas and labor-saving automation at home rewrote the rules again. IT jobs - the kind of high-skill knowledge work that was supposed to be our future - are facing the same sort of realignment after only 20 years or so. The upheaval is occurring not across generations, but within individual careers. The rules are being rewritten while people are still playing the game. And that seems unjust. Couple those changed rules with the ham-fisted public relations of the American companies doing the outsourcing and it's understandable why programmers are so pissed. It makes sense that they're lashing out at the H1-B and L-1 visas. US immigration policies are a proxy for forces that are harder to identify and combat. It's easier to attack visible laws than it is to restrain the invisible hand. To be sure, many of these policies, especially the L-1, have been abused. American programmers have done an effective job of highlighting these abuses - and during an election year, Congress will likely enact some reforms. But even if these visa programs were eliminated altogether, not much would change in the long run. * [ urlLink The New Face of the Silicon Age : Page.4]

 Outsourcing sentiments [ Through : Anand] A WIRED.com article - urlLink The New Face of the Silicon Age How India became the capital of the computing revolution and SLASHDOT.com discussion - urlLink A Thoughtful Look at Indian Outsourcing and last and the least, my urlLink explaination over heated sentiments on slashdot. SNAPSHOTS: * "Why continue to argue about it, just don't do business with companies that outsource to India. " * * There is virtually nothing anyone can do about outsourcing - and the fast developing intellectual capital resources of the rest of the world - that will insulate American workers, with the exception of regressive protectionism (which will result in an even worse situation). * * In fact, *anyone* who's occupation does not *require* face-to-face contact is at risk of displacement, long-term. The next big 'thing' will be social entrepreneurial plays that bring social and fiscal efficiencies into mature capitalism, on a large scale. Also, people will learn - in general, and long-term - to be happy with somewhat more limited material horizons (and probably enjoy life more). This is as plain as day, and already in the cards. Politicians will not/cannot do anything to abate the outsourcing trend. Why? Because capital is "on the wire", and doesn't know national boundaries any longer. Corporations answer only to fiscal mandates, created by law. Game over! So, say "ta-ta" to the gravy train; let's learn to optimize our intellectual and social capital, learn to cooperate (intra- and inter-nationally), and become creatively and commercially fierce (like the rest of the world). * * In any case us western countries have had the lion's share of the distribution of wealth for far too long at the expense of poorer nations. I don't think we have the right to complain if an Indian coder takes our job. * * India has some of the highest import tarrifs in the world, local content laws, and property ownership laws. * Related discussion on slashdot : * urlLink Do You Make $60/hr for Programming?

 Open Source is not free and we don't come cheap Microsoft and collaboration suggests that Linux and opensource is afterall urlLink COSTLY . In fact, over the years a branch of that open source Unix, called Linux, spread its market share (mainly at the cost of Unix) and Microsoft has grudgingly begun to acknowledge its power. But as some of the companies present at the Friday's Microsoft meeting--NDPL, Goderj, CDSL and Pacsoft Solutions--indicated that it is too much of a bother to have "eventually costly" open source and it was best to work with Microsoft. They listed how they faced difficulties working on Unix/Linux and losing their mails or getting them "after 22 days" and how their lives have been changed for the better by getting back to Microsoft products. On the other hand they are urlLink opening up their source code under Microsoft's Government Security Program (GSP). Microsoft and everybody else should understand the basic defination "FREE AS IN FREEDOM NOT IN PRICE". Did you get it dudes?.

 Kill (Bill) Outsourcing Even though urlLink The Wall Street feels that the outsourcing is a good business: ["In the 1980s, many people boycotted companies that did business with the apartheid regime in South Africa," Kirwin said. "Many of those same people have more money on Tuesday and don't like doing business with companies from countries that work against US politically, like France, or economically, like India and China. Consumer activism is an important part of putting the brakes on the outsourcing movement." ] On the other hand, US introduces a bill to urlLink ban outsourcing . Would it be the same, if votes were outsourced?. Could this be indo-american urlLink cold war . The World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , has revealed that the export of Information Technology and other hi-tech jobs to India , China and Brazil and manufacturing jobs to countries like Mexico is urlLink shaking faith in globalisation even among its most fervent advocates. However there can be a urlLink bright side to this : [ there could be an upside to this imbroglio; leading Indian IT companies, most of which are sitting on huge cash piles, will now be forced to be far more aggressive in acquiring US and European IT companies. "We must continue to move up the value chain and evolve such solutions and services which are good and cost-effective, and Indian IT companies must diversify to other markets," said IT minister Arun Shourie. Experts agree that Shourie's advice is the only suitable long-term solution to combat this phenomenon. "Now they have to aggressively become truly global players instead of thinking in terms of exports from India," said Vaibhav Parikh, a BPO and intellectual property expert.] Last but not the least, International Herald Tribune urlLink Reports that, not only jobs but even executives are heading for india

 Protesting against the Myth A new report by urlLink Zelos Group attempts to debunk what it says are "myths"about offshoring call centers. ""The report Business Process Outsourcing: Focus on India that compares cost between onshore and offshore outsourcing, says, contrary to belief that outsourcing is only for large firms, that a global sourcing strategy can be effective for companies with sales of less than $200 million. Answering concerns about agent quality Zelos found Indian call center agents possess the same (if not higher) quality as American call center agents. Indian call center employees all possess quality, college-level educations and were highly motivated to excel at their jobs. Also top level bureaus offer effective accent-neutralization classes. In many cases, an accent is not detectable. The Zelos paper asserts that call centers and other outsourcing operations moving to India will help the country become more stable.""" urlLink More on CommWeb ... US is witnessing reduction in jobs but well known economists have different say on that but anti-outsourcing and anti-india sentiments are so sharp that (again) you can see urlLink protest against urlLink Nasscom . Even if someone says it is a myth.

 The Lagaan of the BPO The government's Central Board of Direct Taxes ( urlLink CBDT ) has introduced a circular aimed at taxation of Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) units in India. This beautiful document is urlLink open for interpretations and hence the confusion rules and lawyers will have fun. After Telecom Soap Opera and Unfied License, the fun doesn't end here, government ensures that we keep 'shining' through litigations.However urlLink Shantanu Rudra , Chief Financial Officer of urlLink Daksh eServices feels that, the new tax on BPO outfits has created confusion, but it is urlLink unlikely to affect growth of India's $2.3 billion outsourcing industry.

 Lion's Share in Outsourcing - India Channel News Asia reports - urlLink India to keep lion's share of global outsourcing business . According to our conservative estimates, India enjoyed a 60 percent share of the international offshore call centre business in 2002," Evan Kirchheimer, analyst with British research group Datamonitor, told an outsourcing conference in New Delhi this week. "That will go down to 52 percent in 2007 as South Korea, China, Mexico and South Africa make inroads into the business," he said at the conference, called "Contact Centre India" and attended by over 200 foreign company representatives. "But there is no doubt that India will continue to be the biggest supplier of offshore call centres and enjoy a lion's share of the business," he said.

 India, the next big thing A leading American information technology expert and urlLink iGATE Global Solutions director urlLink Ed Yourdon on Tuesday said the " urlLink next big thing " may emerge from India.

 Peter Drucker on India's Growth urlLink Peter Drucker , an eminent American economist, who had urlLink predicted in the early fifties how computer technology would one day thoroughly transform business, has said urlLink India is becoming a powerhouse very fast. "The medical school in New Delhi is now perhaps the best in the world. And the technical graduates of the Indian Institute of Information Technology in Bangalore are as good as any in the world. Also India has 150 million people for whom English is their main language. So India is indeed becoming a knowledge centre," said the 94-year-old guru Peter Drucker in an interview to the latest issue of Fortune magazine.

 TeleDoc : A social enterprise in low cost healthcare urlLink Jiva Institutes has developed urlLink TeleDoc project which has won the urlLink World Summit Award . Jiva is a non-profit organisation that fosters sustainable development in India using technology innovations to improve education, health and entrepreneurship. TeleDoc uses leading-edge communications capabilities to bring high-quality healthcare directly to people living in rural India. The local healthcare workers enters disease symptoms and patient information into databases over the widely-available GPRS mobile networks. Doctors retrieve that information at a central clinic, where they input diagnoses, prescriptions and treatment for retrieval by the local staff. It is a low-cost, highly effective and broadly applicable solution with broad content support. TeleDoc >> urlLink In the News | urlLink Background | urlLink TeleDoc Technology | urlLink Project Beneficiaries | urlLink Financials | urlLink Social Returns Jiva also runs urlLink Ayurvedic.org and provides training and courses in Ayurved and runs a store called AyurBuyer.

 Killing Biotech Industry P. Hari & Gina.S. Krishnan write in urlLink How to kill the Biotech industry in the urlLink Business World weekly magazine. The articles describes how Department of Biotechnology ( urlLink DBT ) , Drug Controller General of India (DCGI), Genetic Engineering Approval Committee (GEAC) are formed to conduct the syncronized murder the spirit of entrepreneurship in biotechnology. Experts also feel that GEAC has overstepped its authority. And it has poached into the domain of another regulator, the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) - urlLink BioSpectrumIndia.com The formation of various bodies with undefined virtual borders and overlapping areas are in sync with earlier Telecom scenario we had. Which is again beautifully explained again in the same issue of BW Weekly - titled as urlLink Recipe for litigation authored by Gina S. Krishnan.

 India facing high fiscal deficit threat IMF suggests India to raise tax revenues and rationalise expenditures since the Tax to GDP ratio in India was low and so the government has to take measures to widen the tax base. urlLink India facing high fiscal deficit threat - The Hindu

 Telstra Outsourcing An independent senator, whose vote could determine the sale of Telstra, today expressed anger at the telco's plans to outsource 450 jobs to India. urlLink - The Age

 Inevitable and Beneficial Outsourcing Britain on Wednesday said urlLink outsourcing was " urlLink inevitable and beneficial " and asked India to lift the cap on foreign investment in areas like banking, insurance, accountancy, law and financial services. "Outsourcing is a sensitive issue in the United Kingdom. But the British government is taking steps to boost competitiveness of the country and enable its workforce to be engaged higher up in the value chain," urlLink British High Commissioner to India Michael Arthur told a urlLink Confederation of Indian Industry function in New Delhi.

 Internet Security Threat : Fake / Fraud Email : Posing from Citibank I have recieved a fake email posing as Citibanks. Please do not follow the direction and do anything or respond or reply. Now anybody would say with so many spelling mistakes anybody can say it is fake. But I know there will be so many curious ones who will click the link to see where it takes them or reply with some kick *ss reply. But kindly do not do anything besides deleting it or reporting it to citibank. I have removed the link from the message It begins with http://www.Citibank.com?.... but it is link to a script which takes you to the script on Russian site. ----MAIL--- Dear OnlineCitibank Clients, This message was sennt by the CitibankOnline sevrer to veerify your email adress. You must cptmeole this psecors by clicking on the link below and enttering in the litle window your Citi Debit full Card Nummber and PIN that you use on Atm. This is done for your pcertotion -e- becaurse some of our memmbers no lgoenr have accses to their email addsesers and we must verify it. To veerify your e-mail addres and access your bank account, clik on the link bellow. If nothing hapenps when you click on the link -V copye and pastte the link into the addres bar of your web browesr. ***** I HAVE REMOVED THE LINK ***** It begins with http://www.Citibank?.... but it is link to a script which takes you to the script on Russian site. --------------------------------------------- Thank you for using CitibankOnline! --------------------------------------------- This automaitc email sent to: Do not reply to this email. 1ktw77Tn2H8Yd6tlI1Ei ----END OF EMAIL--

 Out Of India in 60 minutes I came across this page on India and Outsourcing discussed in the CBS's most popular show 60 minutes . It discuss the changing face of India and the Indian Services Industry titled as urlLink "Out of India"

 Asian Information Technology Ministers Summit Officials were gathering Monday in India's technology hub to discuss ways to persuade more Western companies to relocate jobs to Asia, and how to tackle growing anger over resulting job losses in America and other developed countries. "Asia is going to be driving force of technology and development in this century,'' Lakshmi Narayanan, an Indian technology official, said ahead of the second urlLink Asian Information Technology Ministers Summit that begins Monday in Hyderabad, capital of southern Andhra Pradesh state. - urlLink The Star Online

 Mini Budget , Big Surprise & India Shining urlLink Is this the budget that took everybody by surprise or is it just urlLink encashing "Shining India" . When you are in governement you are always positive and pro "something", but when you are in opposition you are "anti" everything. That's what congress says to BJP - urlLink India's not shining all that bright and how can Sonia ji stay away from urlLink targeting it . But Indian Primer Minister Mr. Vajpai is confident in his agenda and campaign and infact he points out urlLink the roots of the India Shining laid by earlier government. India seems to be urlLink Shining in US too. India is shining all right, but there is a urlLink requirement of change in attitude . And the ultimate question is , " urlLink India shining, but which India?

 Outsourcing and US elections urlLink Outsourcing draws attention in US Presidential race : "Outsourcing draws attention in US Presidential race" One such campaign directed at President George W. Bush, the Democratic front-runner and former Vermont Governor Howard Dean and other Democratic presidential candidates say the trend of outsourcing of jobs posed a ''direct threat to the American worker's standard of living; a short-sighted strategy with potentially dire long-term economic repercussions. From an American security standpoint ''it is an outrageously risky and irresponsible practice,'' the signature campaign said. At least nine bills are pending in the US Congress seeking to bar foreign workers from government contracts. Legislation is also pending in at least four states-- Michigan, Indiana, North Carolina and New Jersey-- to restrict government IT contracts to US citizens or legal immigrants. More states are expected to legislate on the issue this year. - Manorama Online

 The IPO Boom Rediff.com reports abouts urlLink the coming IPO boom is combinely expected to be of 473 billions INR. Some of them are New Delhi Television, Shoppers' Stop, Barista Coffee, Jet Airways, Reliance Infocomm, MTR Foods, National Insurance -- and the list goes on.

 Vinod Khosla on Indian Outsourcing Vinod Khosla recommends WTO for anti-outsourcing in US: * "It's important for India that IT services and outsourcing be part of the open trade, global trade paradigm," *"The WTO is about free trade and it's important that some of these things that are important to us be part of those agreements," - urlLink Reuters urlLink Vindo Khosla had co-founded and headed as the first chief executive of urlLink Sun Microsystems Inc , is currently a general partner at Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers ( urlLink KPCB ), a leading private equity firm whose portfolio includes urlLink Google . Khosla has also shown his interest in Bio-Technology and Micro Fiancing: urlLink Venture capitalist Vinod Khosla eyes biotech biz in India urlLink Vinod Khosla's new passion: microcredit

 Nasscom's Estimation urlLink People : The number of IT and ITeS (IT Enabled Services) professionals employed in India has grown from 2.84 lakh in 1999-2000 to an estimated 8.13 lakh in 2003-04 with most of the new recruits being fresh graduates. urlLink Growth : Total revenue from software products for Indian companies in 2002-03 was around Rs 1000 crore, accounting for a meagre 0.2 per cent of global software product sales in 2002", it said, adding revenue from software products exports declined to Rs 600 crore in the period from Rs 1500 crore in 2001-02.

 The GoogleMania Through Slashdot - urlLink Wired Reports on 'Googlemania' Decaffeinated Jedi writes "As a tie-in with its March 2004 cover story on the search phenomenon that is Google, Wired has posted its Complete Guide to urlLink Googlemania . Written before Google delayed its IPO earlier this month, the feature nevertheless offers a series of interesting articles focused on the search engine giant. Particularly interesting sections include Googlemaniacs (in which 'superusers' like Matt Groening and Garry Trudeau discuss how they use Google on a daily basis), a look at how blog comment spammers have taken advantage of Google's PageRank system, and a gallery of hypothetical interface redesigns by a group of artists and graphic designers."

 Creativity Guru in India Edward de bono will be in India. You can locate more information at urlLink http://edwarddebono.indiatimes.com . urlLink Edward de Bono is regarded by many to be the leading authority in the world in the field of creative thinking and the direct teaching of thinking as a skill. He has written 62 books with translations into 37 languages and has been invited to lecture in 54 countries. He is the originator of lateral thinking which treats creativity as the behaviour of information in a self-organising information system - such as the neural networks in the brain. From such a consideration arise the deliberate and formal tools of lateral thinking, parallel thinking etc.

 Taxing to help Global Firms outsourcing to India Forbes.com urlLink reports that Indian outsourcing tax initiatves taken by government recently is going to to help global firms The government issued a tax clarification last month, saying multinationals outsourcing their non-core business to India were exempted from taxes to avoid double taxation. But the clarification has raised some doubts about what is taxable and what is exempt. Some industry experts said the tax authorities' explanation sought to include a part of the foreign company's global income for tax purposes in India. A survey carried out by consultancy firm Ernst & Young said that 58 percent of the activities outsourced to India were considered non-core, and were therefore not taxable.

 India Hating India is shining locally but it is being hated in the US..... Politicians cant outsource the vote, said Scott Kirwin, founder of Delaware-based lobbying group Information Technology Professionals Association of America ( urlLink ITPAA ), which compiles data from nearly 100 anti-outsourcing web sites. Kirwin, who launched ITPAA after a large investment bank asked him to train the Indian worker who then replaced him, said only broad consumer revolt will reverse the trend. In the 1980s, many people boycotted companies that did business with the apartheid regime in South Africa, he said. Many of those same people have more money today and dont like doing business with companies from countries that work against US politically, like France, or economically, like India and China. Consumer activism is an important part of putting the brakes on the outsourcing movement. - urlLink Backlash brews as executives keep shifting jobs to developing countries Buy this T-Shirt from ITPAA urlLink Even though this site has anti-india anti-outsourcing sentiments I love it. May be because of this... urlLink Links: urlLink Jobs to India -- A Broad Look | Slashdot urlLink Tech Firms Defend Moving Jobs Overseas | Slashdot

 The Indian BPO : Explosions and Concerns NASSCOM predicts urlLink explosion in BPO sector & the number of seats in Indian ITeS-BPO space is projected to increase to 2.10 lakh in March 2004 from 1.4 lakh in March 2003. On the other hand there are concerns about the anti-india-bpo sentiments in the US. Kiran Karnik, President, National Association of Software and Service Companies (Nasscom), says, "The business impact of such a bill on the Indian IT industry will not be very significant" but others in the outsourcing and BPO business believe that it will alter the economic and political fundamentals and urlLink hurt Indo-US ties . The Pakistani Software Industry which is valued at $50 million compared to the Indian Software Industry standing at $12 billion is worried over the matter and has formed Pakistani Software Houses Association (PASHA).And PASHA urlLink wants to cooperate with the Indian software industry to counter restrictions imposed by the US. The fun doesn't stop here in Asia, in US overwhelming majority of American voters are of the opinion that urlLink outsourcing will be an important issue in determining their vote in the November urlLink presidential elections according to a survey. One might think it is a huge blow to the upcoming developing nations, but some people are of the view that it is the - " urlLink The coming decline of America ". Even after all this urlLink hungama , urlLink McKinsey Global Institute (MGI) belives that urlLink India's grip over offshoring to stay And last but not the least if you wanna be a part of the debate then you can also join the discussion : " urlLink IT outsourcing fears are overblown " on SIFY. Ultimately the free market's gates get closed when developing nations rise to the shoulders of developed ones and pose competition.

 The fall of B2B e-commerce Rich Smith on The Motley Fool urlLink reports about the failures of B2B business-to-business e-commerce. B2B e-commerce was supposed to be a revolution in the marketplace, a new way of doing business that would slash the costs of how businesses bought and sold products to each other.He sights the example of CommerceOne, the rise and decline of it. " One more telling point: the company's description of its business (you can see it here) no longer even refers to business-to-business as Commerce One's primary focus. Today, it focuses on "Composite Process Management". And while its B2B software still apparently has some ability to generate revenues -- the company has licensed its Commerce One Auction, Auction Services, Buysite, Catalog, and Marketsite packages to Mitsubishi Corporation -- those revenues have fallen by roughly half between 2002 and 2003. "

 India, China and high skilled workers urlLink Nortel CEO Frank Dunn points out that China, India and other Asian countries are critical to Nortel Networks not only because they are huge markets for Nortel products, but also because of their urlLink pool of high-skilled workers .

 The shift in the news urlLink Bloggers are causing shift in how the public gets news. Some stories take a route from blogs to the mainstream.

 Round table on jobs outsourcing Heather Tomlinson reports in Guardian - urlLink Round table on jobs outsourcing ... Trade unions are setting up a public inquiry into the flow of British jobs abroad, following a government-inspired "round table" of opposing sides in the debate yesterday. Trade unions and employees have become increasingly alarmed at the transfer of jobs in the service sector to countries with lower wages, such as India. Operations such as call centres and back-office jobs are particularly affected, especially in financial services.

 The Indian Impact on Outsourcing Nasscom has warned that urlLink Outsourcing ban will hurt US companies . And on the other hand McKinsey Global Institute (MGI) suggests that urlLink India is likely to maintain its position as a leading player in offshoring for another two to three years on the back of low wages and English-speaking population. On the other hand, high wage locations like Canada, Ireland and Israel may be left behind by second-tier players including China and Philippines.

 Open Source Social Netwoking Tool Posted By urlLink Prostoalex on Slashdot [ urlLink PeopleAggregator - An Open Source Social Network ] about urlLink PeopleAggregator prostoalex writes "When Orkut, LinkedIn, Friendster, Zaibatsu and Tribe.net just don't cut it, meet PeopleAggregator, an open-source, PHP-written, FOAF-based social network. There's the site and there's the source in case you decide to launch your own. I found out about PeopleAggregator reading this interview with Mark Canter on Read/Write Web today." I wish such sites would provide profile-conversion tools to encourage jumping ship from one to another.

 Do You Believe in Free Beer or Free Speech ? Nicholas Petreley is urlLink uspet about the developers who are violating the spirit of GPL license and creating their own versions of licensing. According to him the spirit of opensource is "share and share alike" and as Free Software Foundation puts it, it is free as in "free speech" and not free as in "free beer". The article further describes how developers have invented some license compromises. Here's the crux of the matter: It's illegal to create and sell a proprietary application based on GPL code. Given the reality that people are always going to create proprietary applications, developers invented some license compromises that make it possible to build proprietary applications on open-source foundations.

 The FireFox Browser Dwight Silverman urlLink praises Firefox Browser and claims it to be Easy, Fun, Fast, Safe & Free. You can make out his love for urlLink FireFox by this comment : I've been using Firefox for several months, beginning with earlier releases under the name Firebird. Here's how good it is: If it weren't for incompatibilities with some Web pages designed only for Internet Explorer, I'd probably use this as my only Web browser.

 Offshoring and Threat to Individual Privacy Via urlLink Slashdot : David Lazarus writes a special report on Sfgate.com : urlLink How one offshore worker sent tremor through medical system ? . The reports traces how a transcription work was sub sub sub sub contracted and landed up in Pakistan without the knowledge of the client. They were able to discover only when they recieved a threatening e-mail from Pakistan when the sub sub sub contractor didn't pay the dues of the end contractor. Even though it hits the idea of outsourcing and offshoring to other countried - its a genuine concern.

 Four Historical Lessons of Outsourcing Bob Davis from the Associated Press urlLink writes in WSJ sited on mlive.com how we can learn the lessons of outsourcing from 4 historical tales that help illuminate today's debate. (1) Even high-skilled, good-paying jobs are vulnerable. (2) Trade liberalization often works with technology to undermine powerful interests. (3) Domestic workers are always vulnerable to competition from foreigners willing to work for less. (4) Politics can slow down the transforming effects of new technology.

 India Needs a 4G Forum CIOL carries an article why urlLink India urged to embrace 4G ? According to the experts advise India must move forward in setting up a 4G forum that can provide insights into the country&rsquo;s needs and capabilities in the area of 4G telecom networks. Expressing the importance of having a 4G forum for the country, Jorge M Pereira, European Commission, Information Society Directorate General said that India should move forward in having a 4G forum that can provide insights into the country&rsquo;s needs and capabilities in the area of fourth generation telecom networks. "This forum when formed, can address issues like R&D in 4G technologies, educating the industry about 4G, expanding wireless with an increase in demand, seamless mobility and utilizing technologies of higher frequency spectrum," Pereira added. India as a country has got a big talent pool in terms of educational institutions and research organizations and this can help the country in early adoption of technologies like 4G. "India is very good in terms of talent, so the country can provide the talent manpower needed in the areas of computing infrastructure, signal processing, backbone networks, multiple access technologies, channel coding and VLSI," informed, Prof Shankar Lall Maskara from Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur. Creation of such forum will boost the chances of India moving towards cutting edge technologies like 3G and 4G. "Establishment of 4G forum is essential for the country now. In fact I am going to meet up with the government of India representatives and very soon we will have this forum functioning as a body," said, Ramjee Prasad, Director, Center for TeleInFrastruktur (CTIF), Aalborg University, Denmark.

 Google Goes Personal Google has launched two more services currently in preview state at urlLink labs.google.com The two services are (1) urlLink Personalized Web Search : personalized search results based on user's interests & (2) urlLink Web Alerts : get alerts about new web pages on a topic of interest. More at urlLink Sfgate.com & urlLink Forbes.com

 Rural Convergence Centers via urlLink IndianExpres Pharma major Lupin Ltd would set up the first of about the 100-odd rural convergence centres (RCCs) -planned by the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) across India to foster public private partnerships to accelerate rural development.

 Tiny Loans Big Differences Saritha Rai writes in New York Times how urlLink Tiny Loans Make a Big Difference in Lives of Poor . The article traces Mr. Khosla when he was Shamsabad and was listening to the women in rural areas who received tiny loans from a microfinance program run by SHARE Microfin and how it helped them start homegrown businesses, transformed their poverty-stricken lives and made better education possible for their children. I was completely blown as I listened to the stories of these tenacious women," Mr. Khosla said. "I started crying." In his view, the microfinance initiatives he visited in India and Bangladesh last month ran more efficiently than most Silicon Valley organizations. "They have sophisticated credit algorithms," he said. "Does the woman own a buffalo? Some chickens? Does she have a toilet in her home? What kind of roofing material does her home have? Does she bring a shawl to the village meeting?"

 Open Source Boom : The Rule of 12 Via urlLink LinuxWorld : Internet whizz urlLink Marc Andreessen at the 3rd annual "Open Source in Government" conference came up with his personal top twelve reasons for why open source will boom over the next 5-10 years. (1) "The Internet is powered by open source." (2) "The Internet is the carrier for open source." (3) "The Internet is also the platform through which open source is developed." (4) "It's simply going to be more secure than proprietary software." (5) "Open source benefits from anti-American sentiments." (6) "Incentives around open source include the respect of one's peers." (7) "Open source means standing on the shoulders of giants." (8) "Servers have always been expensive and proprietary, but Linux runs on Intel." (9) "Embedded devices are making greater use of open source." (10) "There are an increasing number of companies developing software that aren't software companies." (11) "Companies are increasingly supporting Linux." (12) "It's free."

 Outsourcing to in India If you think that only US citizens are witnessing the trend of outsourcing then you are wrong. Even the Indian professionals are slowly seeing the rise of outsourcing trend from very low-tech to high-tech job. Job security is the most unsecure word today. Even though jobs are not directly going overseas, people are seeing it move to 'another company'.IT operations at Bharti Tele-Ventures Ltd. are being turned over to IBM India in a deal which could be worth up to $750 million dollars over 10 years and this is said to be the largest deals in the history of IT outsourcing in the India market as told by Dean Douglas, vice president for telecommunications at IBM Global Services to urlLink internetnews.com .

 Simputer On Sale Via urlLink Keralanext.com : From next month Simputer or a simple computer will be commercially produced and will go on sale. Simputer has been branded as urlLink Amida Simputer and jointely produced by urlLink Bharat Electronics and urlLink PicoPeta Simputers Ltd. It's three variants will be priced at between Rs.9,950 and Rs.19,900. Even the Indian PResident Mr. Kalam is urlLink excited about Simputer and telephoned from New Delhi to compliment the manufacturers. Lauding the four IISc scientists for conceiving, designing and developing the product indigenously, Kalam said he was proud of the institute for turning such gifted people into entrepreneurs, who set up PicoPeta Simputers Ltd.

 Emergance of Brand India Via urlLink Express India : 'India' is emerging as a great global brand name and recieving an unprecedented attention. India is receiving unprecedented attention of industry, media and governments globally. This will help Indian companies in the long-term to have an edge over other countries that are considered to be India&rsquo;s competitors in outsourcing business,&#8221; says Mr Karnik. Related : urlLink IndiaShining.com

 Derisking strategies for Indian Software industry Anshu Kumar in urlLink Fiancial Express writes why it is important for Indian Outsourcing Indsutry and Indian Software industry in general needs a strategic approach and expand its boundaries beyond India. The need is due to changing state of Doallar vs INR, geographical limitations, political situations and other kinds of concerns and threats: National Association of Software and Service Companies (Nasscom) president Kiran Karnik says Indian software companies will have to look at other countries in order to build defences against geo-political risks, regional economic conditions, change in currency rates and possibly and an anticipated shortage of skill pool in some of the specific technology areas.

 The Shift In Software Licensing Via urlLink Information Week : According to a survey of both software vendors and major business customers by IDC, up front license purchasing will soon be replaced by subscription-licensing plans, in which vendors and customers adopt a pay-as-you-go arrangement that extends over several years. Amy Mizoras Konary, program manager for software pricing and licensing at IDC points out the problem in the current licensing method: The problem with traditional licensing, she added, is that customers are often unable to track the amount of software they actually use, much less predict what they need. "Most customers are guessing on how much they're using, so they tend to overbuy," Konary said.

 The Broadband - India Aim Via urlLink News Today : According to the study conducted by IBM Business Consulting Services in association with CII, with the support of Department of Information Technology and the Department of Telecommunications the rural india cannot progress with traditional approach. The need of the nation is to get 'connected' using the latest in the information technology India should target a minimum of 10 million subscribers by 2010 and 35 million subscribers by 2020 in urban India across homes, enterprises and public kiosks, which is the vision according to the CII-DIT-DOT final report of the study on Broadband Economy: Vision 2010. Somewhat Related : urlLink India's governance will slow its rise as a tech competitor

 The end of a phishing scam Via urlLink Forbes : Federal Trade Commission has aressted Zachary Hill , a 'scam artist' who who crafted fake e-mail messages to trick hundreds of Internet users into providing credit card numbers and other sensitive information. According to the report Phishing has emerged as a favorite tool of identity thieves.Victims of identity theft should visit urlLink http://www.consumer.gov/idtheft Links: urlLink How Not to Get Hooked by a 'Phishing' Scam urlLink Antiphishing.org - Stop Phishing and Email Scams

 India, Outsourcing and Slashdot Another interesting story on Slashdot - urlLink Builder.com Writers Outsourced to India . An anonymous reader writes "Builder.com, which is part of CNet.com, is now outsourcing some of their writing to India. The funny thing is, the editor claims it's not as much about money as because he's 'getting a better interface with producers of the content.' He claims CNet isn't giving up control, but if they're the publisher, and he's the editor, and they can't hire and manage their own writers, why shouldn't the Indians just put up their own website to replace CNet, and we can all read what they write direct? I mean, we're all going to be buying software direct from Indian companies soon, so why not?" Newsforge and Slashdot are both part of OSDN. OSDN also runs sites like devchannel.org which are more-or-less direct competitors of builder.com.

 The Rise Of .Com in India The dotcom age is not gone. Yahoo! India is number two in logins after US and Yahoo! India expects a growth of 40% per annum, according to the article by Rahul Gupta in urlLink CIOL . In another article in urlLink Business World [29 March issue] the other risers in the dotcom's are ... Rediff.com AutoMartIndia.com Bazee.com Naukri.com Traveljini.com Makemytrip.com Indiabulls.com

 Union of Snail Mail With E-mail BBC UK has an interesting story about how some people living in some of the most inaccessible areas of India are enjoying an improved postal service by urlLink combining 'e-mail' with the traditional 'snail mail'

 WiMax : Growth or Hype The 802.16 standard, otherwise known as Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access (WiMax), has been getting much hype over the past year as being the next biggest technology since Wi-Fi. Some analysts believe that WiMax poses a threat to the large mobile phone companies, most of which have already invested billions in other technologies to deliver voice and data over the airwaves (WiMax can cover a distance of 50 kilometers, ten times more than a 3G base station); e.g. EV-DO, a next-generation wireless network that delivers broadband service based on a technology called CDMA. The other side of the story can be found at urlLink Alarmist WiMax Predictions [WiFiNetNews | Fleishman's Blog] For WiMax to pose a threat to any other wireless technology, it will need a major operator to commit to building an extensive network. That hasn&rsquo;t happened. Also, WiMax wouldn&rsquo;t pose a significant threat to 3G or Wi-Fi until the mobile version of the standard is complete. Once it&rsquo;s complete, vendors have to make equipment and that gear must be certified, then an operator must build a network. That process will take many years. LINKS: urlLink WiMax could leave Wi-Fi in the dust | The Age urlLink The promise of WiMax revealed at conference | Computerworld urlLink Reliance part of global wireless initiative | CIOL RELATED urlLink Locate the Hot Spots in India (The lisiting provides more than 100 hotspots but only for bangalore)

 Indian ISP Happenings urlLink VSNL , India's first and the largest ISP has urlLink acquired urlLink DishnetDSL for Rs.270 crorers. Dishnet DSL was the first DSL service provider in India and has presence in many locations throughout india providing Dial-Up and Boradband services. On the other hand Telecom Regulator Authority of India (TRAI) today urlLink removed a major hurdle for internet service providers (ISPs) by permitting them to use any medium, including copper wire, optic fibre and radio to establish the last-mile connectivity

 Near Field Communication (NFC) Forum Launched Yet another step towards a wirefree generation, the launch of urlLink NFC Forum [a.k.a urlLink Magic Touch RFID Technology ] will enable the standardization of NFC in various electronics devices to communicate with each other just by holding them near each other. The NFC forum is established by Nokia Corporation, Royal Philips Electronics (NYSE: PHG, AEX: PHI) and Sony Corporation. Via urlLink WirelessDevNet : About Near Field Communication (NFC) NFC technology evolved from a combination of contactless identification (RFID) and interconnection technologies. NFC operates in the 13.56 MHz frequency range, over a distance of typically a few centimetres. NFC technology is standardized in ISO 18092, ECMA 340, and ETSI TS 102 190. NFC is also compatible to the broadly established contactless smart card infrastructure based on ISO 14443 A, i.e. Philips MIFARE(R) technology, as well as Sony's FeliCa* card. Links: urlLink Near-Field Communications Opens Vision Of E-Commerce urlLink NFC , Application & Product information on Philips

 New Top Level Domain Names There have not been any major additions to the domain names after the last launch of .info, .biz and some other domain names. There a suggestion from various organizations to include new domain names like ".mobi" for mobile services and ".xxx" for adult content.In May, the applications will be further reviewed by an independent panel. If approved, urlLink Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) will negotiate specific terms and conditions with each domain registry operator The other applications are: ".asia," ".cat," ".jobs," ".mail," ".post," ".tel" and ".travel." The ".tel" name was sought by two groups. In 2000, seven new top-level domains were added, including ".biz," ".info," ".name" and ".pro," which were unsponsored, and ".aero," ".coop" and ".museum," which were sponsored. [Source : urlLink Mlive.com ]

 Latest News via RSS urlLink Topix.net provides news on various topics and provides an RSS feed for the same. There is a similar site called urlLink Newstrove.com but topix.net feeds are more accurate, relevant and exhaustive. The advantage of Newstrove is that , it also offer Java Script which can be included in any web page, in case the web server doesn't support XML parsing. The twop indian news sites who have started XML syndications are urlLink IndianExpress.com and urlLink Rediff.com , I don't know why urlLink Timesofindia.com which claims to be the number one Indian news site on the internet doesn't have one. The same is true for Googlenews.com which doesn't offer any RSS feeds. But there are many tools avialable on the net who parse the html to get RSS XML feeds out of them. This method is called "scarping" and it violates copyright, but still there are urlLink many tools available and I remember that there was something for Timesofindia.com too. The convinience which these feeds offer are: (1) You don't have to visit numerous news/content sites everyday, you can simply subscribe to the RSS feeds. (2) These RSS feeds generally includes main home page (headlines) and also categorical and topical headlines. Thus I may subscribe only to Cricket feed from Rediff and business news feed from financial express. (3) These feeds can be viewed in a web based aggregators likes urlLink bloglines or urlLink blogstreet and destop applicatications like urlLink Feedreader .[all are free] (4) Thus I save lots of browsing time and visit exactly the page whose title has generated interest. (5) You can also use these topical feeds in your web pages, e.g. a cricket blogger or a web master may show latest headlines in his web page / blog side bar which adds more intelligence to his web page. (6) Many others things can be done with this syndication method depending upon the creativity, the most interesting I find are urlLink blagg and urlLink Rollup.org which allows you to subsribe to various syndicated feeds and re-mix them. That is, the headlines are generally shown from one site , then another and then the next one in these aggregators all the individual feeds are randomly mixed and displayed. To know which sites from India offer syndication you can visit urlLink Syndic8.com .

 India Entertainment Revolution Reliance Industries Ltd. Chairman and Managing Director Mukesh Ambani urlLink expects that India's entertainment industry could ride the broadband wave to urlLink grow to $200 billion in the next 20 years. The broadband initiative from Reliance is named as urlLink Broadband Baharat . Mr. Ambani was addressing urlLink Ficci Frames 2004 , a global convention of the business of entertainment. The great advantage according to him is that: This is because India has the largest digital infrastructure in the world, is not burdened by legacy systems and can leapfrog to the latest technologies cost-effectively, he added. Reliance is not alone is the broadband venture; Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) and Korea Telecom have urlLink joined hands to offer Indian customers a wide range of broadband services that include cable, telephone connectivity and internet at high speed. The Indian Animation Industry which estimated to be a billion-dollar industry in India will urlLink grow at 30 per cent annually in the near future as expected by Walt Disney President Andy Bird during FICCI-FRAMES 2004. According to another urlLink REPORT by by Ernst and Young and the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry: India's entertainment industry will grow by double digits over the next five years to achieve annual revenues of over nine billion dollars by 2008, helped by increased television viewing 2003 was good for Bollywood with 16 films grossing more than 100 million rupees from the domestic market compared with 13 films which grossed that amount in 2002 India should see 7.5 million DTH subscribers by 2008 The live entertainment segment also posted a 60 percent growth over 2002 urlLink 12th Convergence India 2004 international exhibition and conference will focus on the tools, technologies and policy perspectives of the emerging convergence scenario in India, showcasing innovative products and services. The 12th Convergence India 2004 event will be held during 18-20 March at Pragati Maidan, New Delhi . The event will incorporate carriers and telcos, broadcast and cable; multimedia and internet; networks and computing; IT hardware and software; smart card technologies; satellite and space technologies and telecommunication equipments. While speaking at Convergence India 2004, TRAI Chairman, Pradip Baijal said that Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) will urlLink issue guidelines for the Internet and broadband sector in the next fortnight.

 Linux is growing / The future is Open Have you seen the latest IBM Linux advertisement on TV?. It is fantistically conceptulazied , Linux is shown as a kid who befriends everybody wherever he goes. Thus, Linux is growing / The future is open. urlLink View the Flash Version urlLink ibm.com/open (philosophy) & urlLink ibm.com/linux (products)

 Tech-ties between India and France Via FinancialExpress: New Delhi is exploring technology alliances with Paris on a range of areas including smart cards, e-governance, tele-medicine, telecommunications and open-source software. In a joint statement after a meeting of the fourth Indo-French joint working group (JWG), communications and IT minister Arun Shourie has solicited the support of France &#8220;for reversing the rising tide of protectionism in the western world, which could inhibit innovation, impose additional costs on cross-border exchanges and reduce competitiveness of IT products and services.&#8221; urlLink More...

 Stop whining about outsourcing, David Shaffer Suggests urlLink According to the article , written by David Shaffer, president of the urlLink Public Policy Institute , an Albany-based think tank,said that the "one-sided" blame game of blaming India and outsourcing should stop. "A lot of our legislators are looking at the scary news stories about call centers in India. They think they see a way to shift the blame. So, one bill after another is being introduced in the legislature to "crack down" on companies that employ people in other countries," claims Shaffer, while adding that only two of the legislators -- Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno and Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver have not joined this bandwagon. "Nothing in this or any of the other proposals would create one single job in New York State. But more important, anybody with even a marginal understanding of New York's economy should know that we gain far more from international trade than we lose," Shaffer's article further goes on to add. He concludes by saying ... Fact is, we need to imitate India, not whine about it."

 Bandwidth to India Surges Via urlLink PRNewsWire : According to new research from urlLink TeleGeography , India's international submarine cable capacity will have grown from 31 Gbps in 2001 to 541 Gbps by the end of 2004 -- a 17-fold increase in three years.

 American Jobs Moving to India Via : Slashdot.org | urlLink Need a Job? Move to India : WhoDaresWins writes "As U.S. jobs move abroad, more Americans are willing to work overseas like in India as per a urlLink CNN.com story . The story talks about many Americans and also Indians who are American citizens moving to India for work. This story should be an eye opener to people who feel Americans cannot work in India. With a booming economy there is a need for skilled professionals with years of experience in a western enconomy and industry. Best of all, job listings are available urlLink online ." Thomas Friedman has a piece called urlLink The secret to India's success . Don't miss the urlLink discussion .

 The Myths of Open Source Alhtough I am not agreeable to this, since I do not consider anyting as a holistic solution, still this article offers some points for discussion. John Alberg cofounder of Eployease in urlLink CIO Magazine elaborates how open-source was not able to meet all the needs and discolses the myths of using open source. urlLink Eployease provides employee benefits administration services to more than 1,000 organizations across America . The myths discussed are... (1) ATTRACTION IS THE PRICE TAG (2) THE SAVINGS AREN'T REAL (3) THERE'S NO SUPPORT (4) IT'S A LEGAL MINEFIELD (5) OPEN SOURCE ISN'T FOR MISSION-CRITICAL APPLICATIONS (6) OPEN SOURCE ISN'T READY FOR THE DESKTOP THE BOTTOM LINE : Is open source right for every organization? In the end, argues Andy Mulholland, chief technology officer for Cap Gemini Ernst & Young, it's a question of attitude. "The arguments for and against open-source software often get very trivialized," he says. "It's not a technology issue; it's a business issue to do with externalization." Companies with an external focus, he says, which are used to working collaboratively with other organizations, and perhaps are already using collaborative technologies, stand to gain much more from open source than companies with an internal focus, which see the technology in terms of cost savings. "The lesson of the Web is that standardization is better than differentiation," Mulholland claims. "Is there a virtue in doing things differently? Is there a virtue in doing things the same way as everybody else?" As the past decade has shown, standardization with a proprietary flavor&#8212;think Microsoft&#8212;has its drawbacks: bloatware, security loopholes, eye-popping license fees and an unsettling reliance upon a single vendor. In offices around the globe, an era of open-source standardization, determined to condemn such drawbacks to history, may be dawning.

 Need for Speed in Indian Reforms Raghuram Rajan of urlLink The International Monetary Fund , which hiked India's growth projection to 7.6 per cent from 2003-04, said drastic reforms were required to push up GDP growth to the desired 8-10 per cent annually in two decades Links urlLink Biography of Raghuram Rajan on ECGI - Europen Corporate Governannce Institute urlLink Info and papers on NBER - National Bureau of Economic Research urlLink Research Papers and Teaching Material on CHICAGO GSB

 India to be center of Internet Gravity India is likely to be the Internet's new centre of gravity along with China, according to the top official of the body that oversees the Internet. Paul Twomey, the chief executive of urlLink Internet Corp for Assigned Names and Numbers (Icann), says that the pull from the Far East and emerging markets such as India and China was becoming very strong.

 The secret of India's success Via urlLink TheStraitTimes :: Find out why India is so successful in the software business. In US sometimes back Japan was synonimous with Automobile and now India equals software.

 The Indian Public Issue Potential Disinvestment minister urlLink Arun Shourie has urlLink hinted that the government can raise as much as Rs 1,50,000 crore every year for five years from the market by way of such issues. He was speaking at the valedictory session of the urlLink Young Indians Summit He was all praise for the young, who dominate the information technology sector with an average age of 26 years. The sector contributes $16 billion worth of exports. India can become a global hub for research & development in different fields, Mr Shourie said. &#8220;But we should come up with big ideas. In the last 20-30 years, no great idea has emanated out of India.&#8221;

 Two Way Street called Trade HAL R. VARIAN writes in New York times in the article : urlLink What Goes Abroad Usually Comes Back, With Benefits The article essentially tells us that any 'trade' is a two-way street. The money paid to foreign producers, whether businesses or workers, typically comes back home to buy domestic goods and services, thereby generating domestic employment. That is true whether it is European companies paying American biotech researchers, or American companies paying Indian programmers. Think about it. If Oracle sends $10,000 abroad to pay an Indian programmer, then that money either finds its way back to the United States or it doesn't. If it comes back, it can be used to buy American goods and services, employing American workers. If it doesn't come back then it's even better from the viewpoint of the country: we've sent them paper, while they've sent us valuable goods and services.

 India, the outsourcing scapegoat urlLink James K. Glassman , a fellow at the urlLink American Enterprise Institute and host of urlLink TechCentralStation.com writes in his article urlLink Don't make India the outsourcing scapegoat on Post-Gazette. According to him Sen. John Kerry is fond of calling CEOs who employ foreigners " urlLink Benedict Arnolds ," after the despicable Revolutionary War turncoat, but there is lots of hipocracy involved in it. Put hypocrisy aside. The traitors to American interests aren't CEOs seeking to boost profits that ultimately lead to more hiring at home. The real Benedict Arnolds are Kerry and his colleagues in Congress, such as Sens. Hillary Rodham Clinton, D-N.Y., and Jon Corzine, D-N.J., who understand enough economics to know that outsourcing is trade and that trade -- as urlLink David Ricardo figured out 200 years ago and as Hillary's husband articulated in the 1990s -- benefits both parties. He feels that India is unnecessarily made a target and the whole election campaign is biased against it without seeing the bigger picture. Now, many Indians feel they are the scapegoats for America's cyclical economic downturn in what they see as a racist campaign. Isn't this the way trade works? "On the one hand you talk about opening up our markets. On the other, you want to ban ... outsourcing," said India's deputy prime minister. In fact, the business processes (or BP) work that Indians do for companies worldwide is a "good thing," as urlLink Gregory Mankiw , head of President Bush's Council of Economic Advisers, had the temerity to say, like the little boy who couldn't help but speak the truth while his elders were telling lies. ("This simple restatement of the logic of liberal trade brought derision down on Mankiw's head," wrote The Economist. And from, among others, Corzine, the former CEO of Goldman, Sachs!) As the BP sector waxes, India becomes a bigger market for "Dell personal computers, Cisco switches and Avaya telecommunications equipment," writes urlLink Rafiq Dossani of Stanford in Outlook, an Indian magazine. Links: urlLink Kerry Donors Include 'Benedict Arnolds urlLink Globalisation, US and outsourcing &#8212;Rafiq dossani Martin kenney

 India: One of the most closed economy urlLink US Trade Representative urlLink Robert Zoellick declares india as ' urlLink 'one of the most closed economies of the world ," and hence it should not complain about US being protectionist against Outsourcing. ''The Indians have absolutely no right to complain because they don't belong to the government procurement code'' in the World Trade Organization (WTO), which sets obligations for making procurement deals transparent, he said, ''and, frankly, they're not that liberal on the services side.'' ''The long-stalled WTO negotiations have a chance to advance in 2004, he said, but only if all parties are willing to open agricultural markets, including elimination of export subsidies by the European Union. Link: urlLink Robert Zoellick's Free Trade Evangelism | By Toni Solo | urlLink CorpWatch [Holding Corporations Accountable]

 Are you doing Yoga today? [ Via : urlLink Contracostatimes ] According to the latest study conduted by Harris International for urlLink Yoga Journal , around 7 percent American practice Yoga thats about 15 million people WHO DOES YOGA? Among Americans who practice yoga: * 77 percent are women. * 15 percent have an annual household income over $100,000. * Nearly half have completed college. * 27 percent are ages 45-54; another 25 percent are 25-34. * Slightly less than 20 percent live on the West Coast, compared to 30 percent in the Northeast and 30 percent in the central United States.

 Demand for OSP - Other Service Provider [ Via : urlLink FinancialExpress ] urlLink Reliance Industries , urlLink Tata Technologies , urlLink Hinduja TMT and Del International of Bangalore are among the 41 companies who have approached the department of telecommunications ( urlLink DoT ) for getting the other service provider (OSP) licences. OSP licensee can tele-banking, tele-medicine, tele-education, tele-trading, E-commerce, etc. As per DoT guidelines, OSPs would be allowed to operate the infrastructure provided by various access providers without paying any licence fees. However, they are strictly barred stepping into the operation area of other access providers. They are also strictly banned from providing any switched telephony Link: urlLink InvestIndiaTelecom.com : A DoT India site : Telecom Acts and Legislations in India, Network Status, Telecom Policy, Investment Policy, FDI Policy, Opportunities in BPO Sector, List of OSP (International Call Centers, Domestic Call Centers,Network Operation Center, Tele-education, Vehicle Tracking System, Long Range Alarm Systems, Bill Payment Terminal), WPC / SACFA, Exhibitions, Brochure - Indian Telecommunications, etc.

 Open Source Content Management Systems Searching for open source content management systems? urlLink CMSInfo provided you news & information about the various CMS softwares. urlLink CMS Matrix provides a handy tool to compare the popular ones and urlLink Drop.org is the place where you can discuss the CMS. Once you have visited all these sites and made up your mind - Would you like toTRY before you INSTALL - then urlLink OpenSourceCMS is the right place for you. [Recommended]. After deciding the right OpenSource CMS Software you can host it at urlLink OpenSourceHost .

 D-Link & Sify tie-up for Wi-Fi Growth in India [ Via urlLink Newstodaynet ] urlLink D-Link India Ltd and urlLink Sify Limited have teamed up to put India onto the global urlLink Wi-Fi map. India currently has a larger number of Wi-Fi hotspots (over three times higher than China) and the number is growing exponentially. Sify has already established Wi-Fi hotspots with broadband connectivity in Bangalore, Chennai and Delhi using D-Link's wireless products.

 Merger of Atom With RSS (?) [ Via urlLink CNN ] urlLink Dave Winer , a fellow at the urlLink Berkman Center for Internet & Society at Harvard Law School who is commonly considered the arbiter of the urlLink RSS (Really Simple Syndication) format, proposed on his urlLink Scripting.com Web log that the format could merge with urlLink Atom , a competitor launched in the summer.

 SAJA Roundup & Tips on Covering Outsourcing urlLink SAJA > Outsourcing Sources, resources and more about outsourcing jobs to India. A constantly-updated compilation of major articles, opinion pieces, and contacts, including pro-outsourcing and anti-outsourcing experts.

 India Shining : Ok, but Bill please After the Election Commissions ban, the Centres urlLink India Shining campaign has run into more trouble. The Delhi High Court today urlLink asked the Vajpayee Government to furnish details of the funds spent on the campaign and sought to know the guidelines under which the expenditure was incurred.

 The growth in Data Services Via urlLink Hindustantimes.com : Whoever has the bandwidth will rule the world and whoever know how to manage it will be the king. The next phase of telecom growth will be in the enterprise network management and services. Reliance Infocomm and Tata's will add huge manpower in 2004-05 to introduce these services. Data services like broadband conncectivity, VPN, Leased Lines, Wireless Data Access would see a huge demand in the Indian market. * Telecoms companies are scrambling to meet the burgeoning demand for international access and specialised data services that has accompanied a boom in the Indian economy and its outsourcing industry. Local firms that offer international phone services, such as Bharti Tele-Ventures, Reliance Infocomm and Videsh Sanchar Nigam Ltd are now eyeing the lucrative data market. And global carriers such as AT&T Corp and Cable & Wireless Plc are clamouring for a piece of the action. "Everybody wants a chunk of the data business," said Kobita Desai, telecoms analyst at Gartner India Research and Advisory Services. "It's still a niche area, but a high-margin one." Spending on data services in India is likely to double to 50 billion rupees ($1.1 billion) in four years, according to Rajiv Sharma, CEO of Bharti Tele-ventures broadband and data division. *

 Outsourcing and the property business Umesh Desai and Dominic Whiting reports in Forbes [ urlLink India outsourcing surge hits rich Asia's property ]. Due to current boom in the outsourcing and BPO industry in the region the property sector is also riding on the wave and making profits. * For India, the influx of jobs due to "business process outsourcing" (BPO) is a shot in the arm for a property sector that had been languishing. In 2004, 11 million square feet (1.022 million sq metres) of office space is expected to be taken up in India's five biggest cities, nearly twice 2002's 6.4 million. "Two years ago the market was in the doldrums because of the India-Pakistan tensions and a global recession was not allowing multinationals to grow in emerging markets," said Chanakya Chakravarti, executive director at property services firm Cushman & Wakefield India. "The BPO boom in the past two to three years has led to a resurgence in the Indian property market across segments." Call centres and other information technology firms accounted for 82 percent of the total office space let in New Delhi and its surrounding areas in the first half of 2003. They took up 51 percent in Bombay and 81 percent in Bangalore. The $3.6 billion industry is seen rocketing to $13.8 billion by 2007, with the number of jobs quadrupling to one million. *

 Mobile Happy urlLink Thanks to India, mobile phone industry is happy | Hindustan Times: The growth in mobile/telecom industry in India and China is making the mobile phone industry happy. Now cities like Mumbai have more mobile users than land line users. Companies like urlLink Reliance Infocomm and urlLink Tata Teleservices are betting heavy on not only mobile but many more value added services like Broadband and other direct to home services. In developed nations the growth is seen in more feature rich phones and in India the growth is in roll-out of the services in untouched areas and competition between technologies like urlLink GSM and urlLink CDMA .

 US trade groups to battle BPO backlash Via urlLink CentralChronicle : The various trade groups in US believe that outsourcing to countries like India and China is the only way to save jobs in America against international competition.Around two hundred such groups have formed a coalition - 'Coali- tion for American Growth and American Jobs' - to beat back Federal legislation that would restrict foreign outsourcing by govern- ment contractors and limit visas for non-American workers with technology skills. "It is hard to get the message out there when unemployment was not coming down as quickly as we would like and politicians are using it as an election-year issue," said Harris Miller, president of the urlLink Information Technology Association of America , an Arlington, Virginia, trade group representing 500 technology concerns. Read Harris Miller's viewpoint urlLink The Global Realities of IT OPPOSITE MATCH: On the other hand urlLink American jobs coalition.org is working on ... Initiate a State level push for the urlLink American Worker Protection bill. (Already begun in GA, CO, FL, and OH) &nbsp;Support Rep. Tom Tancredo's urlLink HR 2688 with elimination of H-1B work visas. Total Reform of the Non-Immigrant Visa (NIV) program. L-1 visas should be capped, should have layoff protection for American workers, and should be used only for Executive positions. The Department of Labor should investigate H-1B abuse, fraud and mismanagement.

 The Truth About Offshoring The little sexy thing called "Business World" always comes up with something good. Grab this copy to know about the facts of offshoring and outsourcing. What's happening in USA , what are the sentiments and what are the facts. Businessworldindia.com >>Cover Story BPO | Myth Vs Reality | urlLink The truth about offshoring

 The Outsourcing Discussion : Slashdot Again Again on Slashdot: urlLink The full outsourcing discussion posted on urlLink Slashdot.org by urlLink Hemos . GileadGreene writes "Thomas Friedman of the New York Times recently did an interesting Op-Ed piece [ urlLink The silver lining of outsourcing overseas ] about the "silver lining of overseas outsourcing": the growth that it generates in the US job market as Indian companies outsource work that US workers are better at. Apparently total exports from US companies to India have grown from $2.5 billion in 1990 to $4.1 billion in 2002 as well. So maybe this outsourcing thing isn't so bad after all." Ultimately, free trade works out well; I think one of the issues is that white collar jobs are just beginning to feel the pinch, and are acting like manufacturers did in the 1970s and 1980s.

 Indian Techies Answer About 'Onshore Insourcing' | Slashdot urlLink Roblimo makes this urlLink post:Indian Techies Answer About 'Onshore Insourcing' on Slashdot: A must read. "This is an unusual Slashdot Interview, since instead of using email I asked all the questions in person last week either at LinuxAsia2004 or in casual meetings with local LUG members and other techies I met during the conference. Some of urlLink your questions [ urlLink Ask Indian Techies About 'Onshore Insourcing' ] were answered quite well by other Slashdot readers in the original post. (Slashdot has many readers both in and from India.) I also inserted a number of personal observations, which I usually don't do in these interviews, because it seemed to be the best way to answer some of the questions. And some questions were nearly unanswerable, as you'll see when you read the rest of this article." Robin 'Roblimo' Miller is editor in chief for OSDN, one of the world's leading online tech news publishers. He has written extensively about computers and the Internet for Slashdot, Linux.com, NewsForge, Time New Media, Online Journalism Review, Web Hosting Magazine, The Washington Post, The Baltimore Sun, and many other Web sites, newspapers, and magazines.

