 Okay, it is 8:40, and I am going over to hang out with my other friends (Jay, John, and Cort). I needed some time to spend with them... I've spent a lot of time with you folks, but I also need to respect them shizzles. Have fun, and I really hope we do something tomorrow. PLEASE! I NEED STIMULATION (and, yes, also in the way you distgusting people are thinking).

 hmm, yep, price does sound quite good. i'd say i'm for it.... i'm basking in my own happiness cause i found a site with a shite load of hist. notes.. evn though y'all in ap probably know about it already..haha... eh, that's alright... cause i'm still fly.... poor mg has to be sick... hmm, i'll send some good health vibes your way.. maybe i could even send my poltergeist pirate over to make yous ome soup? haha ok, i can't believe i haven't had you guys listen to this song yet, but i'm totally hooked on it.. and in the beginning, it gives this peice of wisdom: "If you got 36 prostitutes, and 30 cents in your pocket, what you got?...heh....Proof that hoes come a dime a dozen baby..." then it busts into this funky surf retro thing about being gone all summer to be a pimp and coming back to see if your girlfriend still loves you...haha, good times... Damn it DOES feel good to be a gangsta....

 AHHHHH...... CHOOOOOOO!!! damn, it does not feel good to be a gangsta, especially a sick one. =/ grrrr... stupid nose!! but anyway, i think the price thing sounds decent, taking a walk down memory lane could turn out to be entertaining... or very bad, you never know.... besides, i suppose it is something different from what we usually do. maybe we can have some food afterwards too, and then a secret rendezvous..... did i say secret rendezvous? oops, i meant, uh yeah... damn, you know what would make my nose feel better is some coffee..... =D on a sidenote, biology outlines should go to hell... >.

 Just so you all know the "Damn it feels good to be a gangsta" song is sung by Ghetto Boys... Just thought you folks should know, it might be on Jeorpardy or the History final, you never know. I would actually like to go back to Price tomorrow (if I am not doing stuff with Cortland, John, Jay, and Benton). I would like to see old teachers and whatnot. So, yeah, count me in! and remember, YOU AIN'T SHIT WITH OUT THE OVERSOUL, YOU MODA FUCKAS!

 Hey guys, Damn it feels good to be a gangsta. I gots an idea for FRIDAY!!! How about we go to Price's bingo night? Relive old times at the old alma mater!!! eh? It starts at 6, will be over by 8, so we can still do something afterwards. AND...if you win, you get this themed gift basket thingy, every class made one. Last year my mom's class made an ice cream one with gift certificates to baskin robbins. THis year my little sister's class made a exotic food one (like she put in one of thoes bamboo shusi roller things). FINALLY...its for a good cause!! How about it amigos? I think its an excelent idea. And FUCK THE PO-LICE!! billy - i knew that, just wanted to make fun of you jason - what's the thing about "i'm still really wet from the park"? I didn't know you had that much fun! CARLIE ~ DAMN IT FEELS GOOD TO BE A GANGSTA (damn song is stuck in my head now, thanks Beth)

 hey, i'm up for something on friday. i have 7th period, so i won't be out till 3:30, but yeah, still wanna do something. and i can do stuff on saturday after 6 pm. i think we should have a 4-square tournament, hehehe. ~_^ and play 3-flies-up with the frizbee again. or go cubing. or just do something of amusement. but yeah. take care everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!

 Wow, it is about 4:30 PM and no one is home... Where is everybody? I'm gonna do a Beth (had to do it, ha ha ha)... I'm so bored! I don't want to do any Homework so I'm just sitting here playing video games. GRRR! I'm pissed! Another thing, are we going to do stuff tomorrow and Saturday? I might be busy on Friday, so (if I am) I am hoping that you folks will do something Saturday. Well, um... Yeah, I'm bored. See everybody... Later!

 What's this about "Jason can't drive otherwise?" do you mean i'll be gone Sat/Sun? I'm still pretty wet from the park...sorry about the car Jessie, i'll look where i throw next time. And what are NINE water bottles doing in the back of my car?! NINE? We went through that many water bottles? 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9! Tomorrow: anything works for me, as of now...could change though, but don't expect it to

 Okay, here is the Shizzat... 1. The song "Damn it feels good to be a gangsta" is written/song by GHETTO BOYS. Despite the name of the band, it is a really good rap song. (Val, just try it. It feels good the first time you do it). 2. I'd like to do soemthing on Friday since Jason can't drive otherwise. Also, I want to do something Sat. with Cortland and John. 3. Carlie, I don't want to have sex with Jason's dad. "FUCK THE POLICE" is a line from an NWA song. It is really good and it is really funny. SO FUCK THE POLICE AND YOU, j/k... AND FINALLY, 4. Enjoy the CD's I made, I really had fun picking the songs! And with that said, peace out my niggas (OH NO, IS THE MULLET BLACK LADY GONNA SUE ME NOW? GOD DAMN YOU HUCK FINN, DAMN YOU TO HELL)

 ah, poor beth! haha... i'm doing quite well.. my stomache kinda hurts from rehrsal today.. too much laughing. or maybe i'm just hungry...? only time will tell... man, selfridge really cracked me up today witht he queen song. he was so happy and smiling... and did anyone else catch that "that'll be your guy's theme of the day" comment or was that just me? haha yeah, i'm down for tomorrow or anything. i get my car back! well, ok, it's been back, but my dad hasn't authorzed the driving of it because he's to frwaked out. one of the gas valves turned 4 rotations all by it self! with no physical assistance.. very weird... so last night i had this dream that my car had a gohst that would totally ruin things, but it made no sense because it was a pirate gohst. and i was like "why are you in my car?!?" and he's like "arrrg, cause i've always loved the ocean." haha, i don't know...

 move bitch... The same thing has happened to me maggie. It's slightly creepy- i feel your pain. What are we going to do tomorrow? I'm confused! Still chronically bored....

 bombs over baghdad bitch... congratulations carlie! you guys were really kicking del mar's ass, and from what i saw, it was quite a lovely first half of a game. ideas for friday: ummmm..... none as of yet. although we will definitely pimp it somehow or another. how about doing some shizat tomorrow afternoon after school? should we jamba it? starbucks it? the third day of my strike ha been going well so far... anyway, yeah, tomorrow afternoon sounds nice.. maybe it would cure beth of her chronic boredom too. :) dibs in jason's car! (just because i'll be needing a ride home-ish anyway....) oh yes, and today selfridge said "hello maggie" to me in an empty hall..... maybe ryan wouldn't get it, but eeeee!! it was creepy! and he still wonders why students are too scared to talk to him.... hahaha....

 yes, carlie, i will (did) come to your game. me and maggie couldn't stay that long, but from what we saw, you won easily. nice save (-ish)! also, i'm quite sure i don't want to go to Overfelt, i fear for the safety of my car and myself. jessie: hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha-ish, eh?

 Damn it feels good to be a gangsta. Yes Carlie, I did watch Alias. I was quite perturbed because nothing can ever be solved on that damn show. Just when something good start to happen, something else goes to hell. It's quite frustrating. Anyway, I want to do something on friday night as well, but i believe i have been screwed over by damn pep band. Oh well, maybe i can meet up with you guys when the game is over. Well, I hope everyone is having a dandy week. p.s.- i think i'm suffering from chronic boredness

 oooh, what sporty piossibilities. and (in traditional jason blog style): jason: no you shouldn't laugh. at all. it's working very well now. (hmm, ok, i can't think of any creative parentesis remarks...haha, now you can laugh).

 Are guys sure you don't want to come to my soccer game on friday? It's over in the g-hetto! It's at Overflet, 3:15. Major ass should be kicked, etc. Beth - Did you watch Alias on Sunday? What's up with these damn cliffhangers? And what's up with Sloan and Sark, incahoots!? And Sydney's friend, with the bullet in her brain and the twin!!! I just don't understand!!! Yeah, ah, soccer @Del Mar, 3:15, if you are interested again. I will be waiting for you!

 since i'm leaving for Tahoe again on Saturday (not at 5 in the morning this time, so i can stay out late), i'd also like to do something on Friday (not that we weren't). But then, if someone wants to take me to Tahoe a day early, that'd be even better. Jessie: i really shouldn't laugh, so i won't Beth: i think your lovely suggestion needs a bit more loveliness around the trim...also, i'm mad about the hist notes too. I was considering downloading all of them a while back, but got lazy and didn't think they would ever go down Mandy: what the heck? Maggie: staying up until after midnight when coming off an addiction isn't the best thing to do anyone else who is still reading: i imagine track practice starts next week, so if i was going to give you a ride (in which case you didn't tell me about it yet and i'm just doing this before you do), i can't until around 4-ish Me: stop using parenthesis and -ish stuff

 I have a lovely suggestion for Friday. I think that everyone should come to the basketball team and support the band!!! Sounds lovely, doesn't it. Well, that's how i'm spending the majority of my friday night, and you guys can come if you're feeling particulary spirited- and then i won't feel incredibly outnumbered by the irritating branham-folk that attend the basketball games. p.s.- i'm really pissed about the damn history notes

 ah, yes, cake does sound quite lovely.. i've got rehersal everyday this week till 5 (i'm not sure about friday though).. next week every day till ten. same for val.. ah, it's a hard knock life i guess...haha myyy caaarrrr issss brrrrroookkkeeennn. sadly. but soon it will be fixed. hopefully..hehehe i want to do somthing fun on friday. on saturday i'm going to go be a church girl for the majority of the day, so i figure i might as well speand friday "livin it up" out on the town..haha check ya later.

 la de da de da!

 hey..... it's 12:15 am and i am surviving beautifully without caffeine! i don't need it! i mark you all! anyway, ryan proposes that we do more weekday stuff, so any of ya'll are welcome to drop by during the week and have some cake... cause we have lots of it! i don't know why, but we do. i think it's ice cream cake too... well, now that the invite is out, i suppose i should do more productive things with my time, like maybe.... sleep.

 maggie...i must say that's quite sad. you were top 3 the entire semester, until the last day...there was a time when the top 3 were unbeatable in the grades (3% above the rest)...i must say, you've failed us.

 Hey People, What's up with Billy and the fuck the po-lice mentioning? Is it that Bily wants to fuck Jason's dad? (you know he was once a police man). Or is it just Billy's urge to be a black rapper with criminal inclinations? Or, was he taken in for questioning and then butt rapped mutiple times by a sex-starved, over weigth, coffee drinking, doughnut eating, cops? Anyways, I'm glad the skiing was good , ahem. I was just thinking, if I ever get a chance to get my own car, and therefore my own license plate, I think I want it to be muhu. If that is taken then my next choice would be muhux2 (cause that would be muhu, muhu) MU-HU!!! While talking about mu-hu related things, MU-HU!! maggie to the prichard related ranking issues. You know you'll always be number one in my grade book (at least after last night!)

 okay, i have made a new semester's resolution.... day one of the new semester, and with this first week, i will drink no caffeine or eat it (if that is possible) at all! that's right. no coffee. no soda (except sprite). no tea. i am frickin' caffeine celibate. today was hard enough. if i make it to next monday, then i will be so completely starved ... anyway, wish me luck, and keep those tempting frappachinos out of my face! today i also got ridiculed (politely) by prichard, who told me it was a shame to have the top 3 grades in AP bio all belong to boys.... god dammit.... i was pulling rank at third for the whole semester, and then i go down by like .2 something points.... this wouldn't have irked me, but prichard just had to mention it... and this is right after she tells jason that ranking is not important!! and what does she do? she ranks me!! grrrr... while on the topic of teachers, selfridge looks really odd in his baseball get-up.... um yeah..... i've just been so disturbed lately... well, off to pick at my crimson jelly-filled donut of a scrape... =D

 AHH!!! i'm so tired!!!!! darn you billy and ryan.... honesty, if i coulda just slept through dragonballz this morning, it wouldn't have been so bad..haha Jason! the socks that were in your car, then mine are now in ryan's (ryan! don't leave your car unlocked! honestly! haha). thank goodness to, they were starting to get annoying... oh man, is hould have left the plastic bowl in their too.. whose was that anyhow? and wow, tomorrow is the first day of the 2nd semester. that means we have a year and a half left... kinda weird... and now, my mad crazy rant: FRESCHI GAVE ME A B+ IN JOURNALISM!!!!! CNA YOU BEL;IEVE THAT?!?!?!?! A FRICKIN B+!!!!! WHAT WAS SHE THINKING???? I MEAN, SO NO, MAYBE I'M NOT QUITE ::AHEM:: MANAGAING EDITOR STATUS OR HER FAVORITE LAYOUT EDITOR (heh, just kidding) BUT HONESTLY!!! I DESERVED THAT FUCKING A!!!! AND WHAT IS THIS ABOUT THE 16TH IN THE CLASS?!?!?! WILL SOMEONE PLEASE POINT OUT TO ME 15 PEOPLE THAT WORKED HARDER THAN ME? I CAN THINK OF MAYBE 7, BUT 15?!?! IT'S LUDICRIS....ah, i'm just bitter cuase my grades were so bad this semester...BUT STILL!!!! i need some sleep. and possibly another shower....

 ok...yes, carlie, i'm home, and skiing was very, very good today (not so good yesterday, but good today)...let's see...what happened that was interesting...hmm...not much, to put it simply. what's this about ryan rear-ending someone (again?!), and susan's itching powder? i guess i'll find out tomorrow.

 Hola people- this is my first post on blogger! I'm so excited and i just can't hide it. I'm so exhausted from the PARTAY last night. It was an interesting event, to say the least. Well, i hope nobody was scarred for life. Peace out my homies.

 Alright, haven't been doing too much posting, but a new semester means a new beginning, right? Well, anyway, here I go... The party, was off the hizzle for shizzle with my nizzles. I got there a little late, but here is a recap... We had a little food and fun and listened to Amanda Shelby. Afterwards we drove towards to Kasso's house. There we all unloaded--, whoops... I failed to mention that Ryan did REAR END MANDY ! HA HA HA, it was so funny! Then we watched a few movies and about half of us left... I was very sad, but kept my cool and head... From then on it is quite hazy... I just remember random rapes, gropes, screams, threats, farts, inferrings, munching, snoozing, waking, fearing, zipping, rolling, touching, fibbing (and finding), sticking, hiding, bullldozing, watching, eating, popping, honeying (is that a verb), putting (ITCHING POWDER ON EVERYTHING I OWN (FUCK YOU SUSAN, j/k)), and other things... To put it lightly, it was one fat fucking frenzy or just an orgy... It was a lot of fun and happy birthday to all. As far as antics go... Actually a lot of stuff happened. First of all, Ryan and my prank failed. Too many people found out (thanks Jason and Bryan) so it failed misreably! However, Susan succedded in drenching my entire pillow with itching powder and making me very uncomfortable. I spanked Maggie horribly at least three times (remember folks, that is the minimum). Oh, I also pantsed Kassovic! HA HA HA, I saw her butt! We all had a big fat pillow fights on more than one occasion during the night. Also, everyone did their fair share of groping and touching and the above verbs. There is the low down! Enjoy! or you can just FUCK THE PO-LICE! :)

 Hey guys! So, what did happen at the sleepover? Anything good/fun/interesting? Damn Raiders, its halftime and they are sucking major ass. Ah, what else? Oh, Jason, if you get home and read this, how was skiing? Did you hit any trees? Did anyone hit you? Meet any cute skiier girls?

 Oy vey, you guys... How was the sleepover? Any crazy antics go down? You would think a co-ed sleepover may cause that sort of damage, but I wouldn't know since I didn't stay. Anyone care to fill me in?

 Maggie- I am sorry about your shin dig. I mean, the pain on your shin. See, this is why going to a show where 15 people know each other is way too fricken' crazy. Damn kids pushing each other around. Well, it was kinda fun a little, but only becuase we knew them, otherwise I would have thought it completely obnoxious... I thought the night was pretty entertaining the whole way through excpet for the very end which put me in a piss-ass mood. Nevermind, I don't want to talk about anything now. I am reminded of being pissy. Dammit.

 oh wow... that's a really bad one....hahaha final car update: my parents are the most indecisive people int he world, but for oncei love them for it. they finally decided it would just be better for me to keep johnny mutang, and they're going to give me some cash to finish fixing him up.. muy muy bien... johnny and i are very happy.... i'm totally going to sleep all afternoon and then stay up. all night . and jason! for gosh sakes! bros before hoes! or dicks before chicks. whatever youw anna say...haha, but honestly, have a good time skiing. and with that...i will see you all tommorrow....

 haha laura... that joke is terrible! anyway, what did you guys all end up doing yesterday? i went to a show, and ended up in a pretty bad mood. some silly kids started a "mosh pit" and i got bruised in the shin. how and why am i always getting injured? it's really quite irritating.... i was looking at the bruise, it's really sort of cool, all red and black... it reminds me of the blood in carlie's eye.. something like that. anyway, i suppose i'll see most of you at the party tomorrow (errr, today) so have a lovely evening all.

 WORSE THEN LAURA'S LESBIAN JOKE: Doctor Dave had slept with one of his patients and had felt guilty all day long. No matter how much he tried to forget about it, he couldn't. The guilt and sense of betrayal was overwhelming. But every once in a while he'd hear that soothing voice, within himself, trying to reassure him: "Dave, don't worry about it. You aren't the first doctor to sleep with one of their patients and you won't be the last. And you're single. Let it go......" But invariably the other voice would bring him back to reality: "Dave, you're a vet...."

 i can't believe you said that..it jsut won't be the same without you little man

 JASON!

 ok...can't think of anything to post, so i'll just leave this as my two day going away message...leave tomorrow at 6 in the morning, so i wake up at 5...be back sunday night around 8 or 9...and miss laura's and mandy's party...have fun without me there (should be better that way) and watch out for the honey.

 BiteMyFinger: what do you do in your spare time Thirteen Master: random stuff around the house BiteMyFinger: like... BiteMyFinger: what are you doing now? Thirteen Master: talking to a few people, getting ready to leave tomorrow BiteMyFinger: jaosn your the story of your life is a sad one Thirteen Master: no, it's one that doesn't interest you much BiteMyFinger: in other words its boring BiteMyFinger: right BiteMyFinger: jk jason your a wonderful person..in my opinion the most interesting

 .

 On another note... have you ever tried mint skittles before? they taste like shit. I don't reccomend them.

 Hey guys, I am not sure what to write about today, but I felt that you guys all needed some imput from me. Why I said that, I have no clue. Damn. I just felt like saying that too. Oh, is there anyone out there because its getting harder and harder to breathe ::pant, pant, pant:: MU-HU BITCH!!! Oh, I had Ryan going for a while. I told him that I needed surgery on my eye where he hit it with that damn dark chocolate (I hate dark chocolate even more now. In fact, i loathe it now) I told him I woke up and the blood had spread. It was like I was looking through rose tinted glasses. I told him I would have to wear a patch for the rest of my days. Sigh. Then he called me and I lead him on some more until I almost burst out laughing. Then I told him it was all a lie. He said he was relieved. MU-HU BITCH!!! ANYWAYS, she said something that I couldn't believe so I grabed the stupid bitch by her nappy ass weave. Started talking shit and what do you know, I reached back like a pimp and I slapped the ho. Don't you love Easy-E? You know I do. Ah, I'm not gonna spend the night at the par-tay just so you all can decide not to since the life of the party won't be there. Damn I'm acting like a concieted bitch tonight. MU-HU BITCH!!! See you all on the morrow. ADIOS BITCH!!!

 lol, congrats to laura. ^_^ and yeah, thursday was weirdy. we should do that again sometime. ~_^ i think i'm gonna spend the night at the party, even though i know i'll be the first to fall asleep. HEY, WE HAVE A NEW TRADITION!!!!!!!!!!!!! okay, so yeah, lemme explain - thursday night, it was me, billy, carlie, and jason in the target parking lot. and there was this random cone over by the starbucks. so we took it, and it's at my house right now. i named him Bucks. but yeah, so our idea that we made for a tradition was to bring Bucks with us wherever we go, and leave it at someone else's house each time. or like randomly drive to someone's house and leave Bucks there. so yeah. whadduya think??? and also, i have something for us to do. for the play, we need a lot of rocks, so we could go rock-hunting one night, or whatever. i wouldn't be able to go tonight, 'cuz i have to be in bed early for field hockey tomorrow. but yeah, rock-hunting. whatevers. keep on keepin'.

 I know this probably doesn't mean too much to you guys... but I didn't fail my math final!! I have a B... AND I AM FUCKING PROUD!! Even though it isn't an A, like you all, but trig is difficult for me, so shut up. On another note, strange things are going down this weekend, I can feel it. It's a vibe. Thursday was pretty strange and that isn't even part of the weekend!! Who all *is* spending the night at Mandy and Laura's Party anyway? Someone fill me in like Craig David.

 ahhh.... guess what guys? i got two AA's in ddr today.... on insertion and midnite blaze... that's what happens when i have too much free time on my hands. eek. okay, on another note, someone has to seriously stop my bad coffee drinking habits because obviously, i cannot control myself... it is definitely not a good idea to have coffee at 10 pm... i think this possibly means more ddr for me! >.

 oh wow, i forgot to answer questions okay, so first, the 3 wishes **1: TO FINALLY GET RID OF THE GODDAMN BABY FAT ON MY STOMACH THAT NEVER GOES AWAY!!!! **2: to be successful in whatever career path it is that i choose **3: to have the power of mutation/transformation and in regards to billy's last question, i would rather have no genitals at all than wear them on my forehead. i'm with maggie, i'd find it pretty disgusting - you guys know how squeamish ((yes, squeamish, hehe)) i got when we watched "american pie 2" at mandy's house that one time. so yeah, val's going with abstinence. ^_^ GOOD LUCK WITH FINALS!!!!!

 aww i hate pointlessly posting at this time of night because most people are headed to their lands of slumber, and i'm up like a hawk.... just like... anticipating... yeah. um, regarding genitalia, seriously, that's really gross to have either a big pussy or penis just like staring right at you... awfully disturbing, since you know what, i don't think penii are very attractive. actually, i could deal with a lack of genitalia.. it'd probably be easier... with lack of a vagina, what happens to menstruation? maybe a nasty thought, but really, a life without periods would be good. shopping sounds pretty okay, it'd be cool to go tomorrow, but i'll just probably end up shopping saturday morning anyway.. i've found that it's hard for me to successfully "shop" for things with other people.. heh heh... and shit, that makes me mad about the underwear. i totally just took a shower and grabbed the blue ones.... ahhh.. how could i... anyway, stupid coffee this afternoon is making me extremely hyper again... aww shit.... whee... i'm gonna go sing broadway show tunes to myself now. night all.

 Okay you guys, for those of you interested in a text-based game, go to urlLink http://www.kingsofchaos.com/page.php?id=58023 and sign up! It's nothing fancy, but a simple attack, earn money, buy weaponry game where you play characters similar to Lord of the Rings. I know it sounds boring, but what are you doing with your time, eh?? If you sign up, it helps me out even, and you all get to be part of my army! woot! Ahh, the simple joys in life. I suppose this is what I get; me not studying for finals means me finding alternate interests online. Entertaining, right. I am super worried for my Trig final becuase my grade is *right* on the edge, and I would need a high A to raise it... and, well, that's not happening. Fuck. Oh well. For tomorrow: Yes, let's lunch it!! I'll be fine with any form of edibility tommorrow even, so you don't even have to fret about that... Just fricken' choose and I will abide by it! haha. Yeah I sound like a little bitch!! OH and Billy... Si, estoy los pantalones rosas de Brian.

 i have no black underwear...

 ooh, wow, i'm gonna take a rain check on that one, cause i just realized i never answered the three wishes one first wish: fame and fortune. wait, is that two? ok, fine, fame because of fortune. second wish: good weather for the rest of my godforsaken life. mu hu. thrid wish: hmmm, can't think of any... well, ok, that's a lie. but anything i think of is either immoral or somthing i'd probably be sorry for asking for, so i'd better just not do it... and for billy's most recent question.. eh.... alright, genitalia on the forhead. i mean think about it this way: no genitalia at all means that you miss out on alot.. not saying that having genitalia on your forhead is twice the fun.. but uh.. yeah, you can see where i'm going with this. i totally need to be in on the shopping extravaganza... i'll be at rehersal with val till 2.30, so maybe we could figure things from there...? hopefully... seeya then, and have fun with yoru finals... AND FOR GODSAKES, WEAR YOUR BLACK UNDERWEAR ... hahaha

 Would you rather: Be the only human being with your genitalia on your forehead or Not have a penis (balls are included) or vagina at all! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ I say: "I'll take the dick on my forehead, I would look so becoming!" I don't know why I asked this, but it could be becasue I am so tired from my 2nd day of finals.

 hey, who's going shopping???? i need to go, too!!! i've got rehearsal tomorrow from 12:30-2:30, so yeah, tell me when y'all are gonna go and stuff. i'll be Tag-Along-Val. ~_^ btw, carlie, i understand your pain, hehehe. ~_^

 Hey Guys, DAMN SENOR SMARE!!! We were on the road to victory, ahead 3-1, 4 minutes left, and he subs in the shit players. And guess what? Lincoln, our rivals, are able to score 2 goals in the 4 remaining minutes!!! Damn Mr. Smare and his subbing incapeablitlites! We tied Lincoln, and they are shit. Shit I tell you, SHIT!!!! Grrr...arg! Well on another note, I hope your guyes finals went okay. I'm sure I failed Chem and Bio, but there's nothing new on that note. Also, what are we doing after school tomorrow. I have practice 1-3, but after that I'm free as a bird (have you ever seen that Daria where she gets grounded for staying out late so she plays the harmonica and her dad asks her to stop so she's like, "When I play this old harp, my soul flies..free as a bird." I love that episoad!) On another-nother note, I might be able to get the truck, but Jason, don't get your hopes up. I'll try to set up a Marissa taking the car, but its not a guarentee. Oh, if you are shopping, (this might sound a little concieted) but you don't have to wait for me, my presents have already been purchased. While on the other-other-other note about the party, I don't think I am going to spend the night. No offense to anyone, but I don't really like spending the night at peoples houses unless I get to sleep in a bed (if you know what I mean). So anyways, if my damn computer will reconnect to the network, therefore the internet, I will send this charming compostion.

 Okay, just got back from work and I am pissed. This little girl doesn't know shit about hebrew so she screws around in class. Today, she sits down and says "i wanna go home" and "i miss my mommy and daddy". I stand there (like an anal-retentive and meticulous-- whoops, sorry Jason) and I just ignore her. Finally she stands up and screams and starts crying... Then she runs in the girls bathroom and wails like a whore! MY GOD, I WAS SO PISSED! Jason: Yikes, I would be pissed @ Burnside. But, since we all know that she is right ... I wouldn't take too much offense. Maggie put it best when she told me: THE TRUTH HURTS, SORRY (actually she never said that, but it would have been placed well in some of our ol d conversations). You should feel lucky, Ms. Burnside speaks in Yiddish with me, I feel so violated. Ryan: Not all fat people are bad... Me... um... er... Okay, maybe fat people are mean, but hey! They are fat! You'd be a dick too if you got a chub on when you heard the opening of a McDonald's wrapper. Oh yeah, don't blaim your gay swimming crap on Liberals, I guarantee we aren't to blaim. Tomorrow: I thought some people were going to the mall to get presents for a few Birthday girls? If we aren't I don't mind, but I don't want JOHNNY ROCKETS... It is too expensive and I think it is particularly vulgar. I just want to go someplace close , cheap , and big enough to accomodate a lot of us. With that crap said I am going to do my Newspaper article... I hate newspaper's final, may it never bother me again, ever! Oh yeah, Laura a embrasse Brian. Nous avons embrasson huit-temps! Elle est une rose pantalon! J/K

 ryan that really blows.... i trust that most swimmers have the responsibility not to let their um... well as you put it, "dongs gingle"... (except for chris *trauma trauma*) ....but really, that is over the top... she has no evidence, and god knows what her kid *really* saw.... it's life, it's full of penises.... i guess that's something we all have to learn to live with. now if like, i saw jason's penis, i think i would definitely take that one to court, but really, she is exaggerating way too much... i mean hiv? that's crazy.... maybe she is just a lesbian and highly bitter. i don't know. you always seem to meet very funny, odd, and silly people. lucky you, huh? i say she's the bitch that really gets the "tar and feathering".... mwa ha ha...

 ah! ryan, that is so terrible! dern woman... ugh, if any of you ever have small daughters, i want you to make them see boys in a girl's locker room. i swear. they should just get used to it while they're young. escpecially if none of the people involved are even remotely naked!!! erg... jason jason.. online orgasms.. oh my...haha, and as for burnside, well yes. just don't think that you can do anything without her talking about the negative side of it... just..yeah, don't.. haha i hate journalism with such a passion right now. not to mention that my chem grade is totally screwed. ok, well, that's not true, but seriously, even if i get 100% on my final tomorrow, i'll still be 7.1 points short of an a. dammit! whew, ok, had to vent. but i'm ok. really... haha, i just keep telling yself that in 15 hours, it'll all be over....

 This board is getting crowded. I'm pissed tho--- a woman accused all of us swimmers of 1) being naked in the girl's locker room 2) having sex there too 3) spreading HIV with razors while having sex 4) running up to six year old girls with our dongs gingling. The woman said that her kid had to be taken to the hospital for trauma due to our free balling, sex, and disease spreading. First off, doesn't that sound a tad over the top???? Second, how the hell would we be allowed to do that? We won't swear in front of our coach, not because she is religious, but because we seriously fear the reprecussions of SWEARING. Imagine fucking! We'd be wishing we were dead in hell. The woman's complaint was taken seriously by the Campbell city council (fuciking stupid ass liberals) and the whole accusation mess is going to court and our coach may be fired. Damn that woman! What really happened was that the coaches allowed the boys into the girls locker room so that the girls could shave our legs. We only shave up to our knee, so we had jammers on. NO PENISES EXPOSED. This is a tradition in swimming... nothing new or unexpected there. I wanna kick this woman in her boobs and tell to her get a life... swimming is an open sport... expect girls/guys shavint together. But don't start going ballistic and lying about us spreading HIV!!!!

 second preplanning idea. first off, i am NOT giving away any seats or promising any rides until tomorrow, except the drivers seat to carlie if she lets me drive the truck. i don't really care where we go, but as i recall jenny doesn't really like hamburgers (johnny rockets is rather expensive anyways). Further notes: AP hist was easy! selfridge let us down! (ok, maybe not)...bio was easy too...and english was the hardest of the day, with those annoying quotes, especially the last ones from the poem. @maggie/jenny: i hate you. both of you. greatly. and i have no relations with adam!! and, as a special presentation, this is what burnside said to me today (copied from an IM with jenny) Thirteen Master (4:09:24 PM): o, guess what burnside said to me when i came back with my journals for her to check? Riceinmynose (4:10:00 PM): neway what did she say? Thirteen Master (4:10:43 PM): i had counted them beforehand to make sure they were all there...and i gave it to her, and i said "there's 19 there"...and i expected her to count, just to make sure...instead she says "jason, you're anal-retentive and meticulous enough that you wouldn't lie to me, so i'll just take your word for it" and gives it back Riceinmynose (4:11:15 PM): 0_0 she SAID that to u???? Riceinmynose (4:11:16 PM): omg Riceinmynose (4:11:21 PM): did u think it was funny? Riceinmynose (4:11:29 PM): i mean i would have been pissed as helll Riceinmynose (4:11:44 PM): but maybe i took it wrong? Thirteen Master (4:11:52 PM): no, i gave her a look, kim started laughing, but i thought it was pretty funny Thirteen Master (4:12:00 PM): it was actually a compliment as to my honesty studying for trig, blah! when you have a 97%, you don't need to study!!

 hey i just had a fairly decent idea.... most of ya'll are online, and it seems like we will most likely be going to lunch tomorrow, so let's plan in advance! here are my suggestions for tomorrow's outings, so we don't get stuck. in and out (yes yes yes) johnny rockets maybe i don't know, i'm feeling like fast food that's not so fast... no honey for me though. =D ride wise, tomorrow should be interesting. hmm. oh well... off to mobilize for trigonometry. have fun with second day studying everyone.... je vais preparer pour mon examen de francais que je deteste beaucoup.... la classe de francais est tres bete et stupide, mais c'est amusant que jason ne peux pas lire la texte de francais.... oh la la... j'ai de la chance parce que mon examen est oral.... oui oui, jason aime les examens orales beaucoup.... mu hu! heh. au revoir kids.

 this doesn't all fit in the profile, so here we go, in all my glory.... Thirteen Master (3:53:01 PM): yay LlamasAttackedMe (3:53:21 PM): that didn't sound like real thrill Thirteen Master (3:53:39 PM): YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LlamasAttackedMe (3:54:06 PM): oh my Thirteen Master (3:54:19 PM): thrill enough? LlamasAttackedMe (3:54:20 PM): hahaha that scares me so much LlamasAttackedMe (3:54:26 PM): i am laughing.... ahahahahahaha Thirteen Master (3:54:36 PM): hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha LlamasAttackedMe (3:56:12 PM): ahh stop it already i'd also like to add jenny's lovely congratulations... Riceinmynose (4:02:18 PM): wow i thought only adam could make him that excited! good ob maggie well, there goes that.... i feel accomplished cause i kicked ass on my finals today... jason should feel accomplished for his second online orgasm. mazeltov!

 4 goddamn finals...draaaaaiiiinnnneeeedddd..... okay, so maybe tech theatre didn't really count as a final, but hey, i stayed up past 12 doing it too, hehe. and then of course i show off my brilliance by forgetting the sets at home. so now i have a late grade on my final, but i figured i'd rather have a late grade than no grade at all. but yeah. blew through my spanish 2 final, even though it took FOREVER 'cuz we had 150 questions, and Gerber made us listen to that goddamn Spanish tape with the people with the thick accents who talk too fast. "actividad a - listen and choose. blah blah blah blah blah" and yeah, then i went to math, and for once in my high-school life i can say that i'm confident about that final. i'm really happy, 'cuz this is like the first time i've had a solid A in math since 7th gradish. but yeah, val did good on that final. happy happy joy joy. history is another story...was only a unit test, but still, i'm not too thrilled about it. i didn't get to study for it, but then again, i never study for my history tests, so yeah. we're hoping for a C+ here, peoples!!! ~_^ and yeah, okay, i'm talking too goddamn much, so yeah, laterz

 my brain is so tired. and now i have to write a journalism article.. cripes... this sucks hard yeah, i was pleased with the history test. i totally didn't study, and i think i did rather well.. stupid tech portfolio kept me up till 12... everything about finals is stupid....more later.

 well, strange things are afoot at the circle k (or at my house). more finals to study for, erg. darn semester system (although quarter system is probably worse if you think about it). well, spanish, trig, and english tomorrow. oh, and i'm still not allowed to drive anyone, so jason: could you please give bryan, maggie, and jess a ride home if not i'll figure something else out. thanks a bundle!

 Now, let me clear my throat.... dun dun dun Hey know what?? That History test was EASY CHEESY. I studied for 30 minutes yeterday and said "fuck it, it won't help my grade" and I still know I did well. A wnderful feeling of not wasting time, for once. But now I am worried for Trigonometry, Spanish, and possibly Chemistry. I have a Trig grade right on the edge, so I am a little sketchy as to where it will end up going. *crosses fingers* Raise the roof!!! (hey hey hey) I am having a major music lapse, you guys. I busted out the Jock Jams mp3s and CDs. Someone needs to buy me the Pulse CD. Haha, well, actually, that could cause some majoe brain damage. Eh, well, as if there isn't enough already.

 Ah, quite invigorating... It is 11:44PM and I just finished BIO, it is so thrilling! Not to mention the fact that while I was studying all the porno on HBO and MAX turned on (I seriously learned about conjugation . I know all the bio I will need to know (and then some thanks to THE PLEASURE ZONE, EMMANUELLE 2001 , EROTIC CONFESSIONS, and THE BIG HUSTLE . It's all about the OVERSOUL baby, YEE HA!

 yeah, this is definitely late to say this, but... lunch tomorrow. be there or be a popsicle fool. after 3 hours of hardcore history studying, i don't think i ever want to study for anything ever again. i've never studied so hard for anything.. i doubt i'll even study this much for the ap exams! anyway, i'm quite proud of myself, i think i know a good deal of information... i've got crittenden and the virginia and kentucky resolutions down!! i just have bio to work on, which should be easy breezy, so i'm saving that for the morning. i'm gonna go fiddle around with that interactive study partner (oh ho ho), so everybody rest up, and best of luck! (except for jason... moo haha.... jk...) ^_^

 yes, finals are bad...very bad...way past my bedtime (shut up maggie)...too much at stake...I HATE 89.95!! yes, anyways...how'd the study group go without my genius? um...personal notes: maggie/AP bio people: i think the test will be curved lower than we thought before. a score of 31 was higher than most people, and that's out of 50 questions. therefore, i'd expect around a 34 or less curve knowing how prichard thinks. billy: the answer to your rhetorical question is: it crawled there on 7 of its eight legs. jessie: um...can't think of anything, had something a sec ago though...o well, good night, must sleep for finals, after studying for them

 Oh man, I hate finals so much. I'm studying so much and finally it hit me... Fuck it! Then I realized in life that attitude is straight up ca ca, and we all know about ca ca... So, I started studying again. Biology is rough, very rough. Thank god for the notecard, mine will be freaking full! That bizatch will help pass me! Another thing! I just saw this huge-ass spider crawl on my wall as I was watching the Osbournes! SO BIG! I killed it, I was so pissed! HOW THE FUCK DOES A SPIDER THAT BIG GET INTO MY HOUSE! I don't care what the answer is Jason, it is a rhetorical question so don't answer... Back to the old drawing board so I'll see you all tomorrow! Screw school and beware the spoon!

 ah, count me in for camp counciling MG...i think it'd be fun... just drop me.. off at home... and i'll be fine...haha and i'm damn proud of your d+ maggie... hey, and rememeber what we said in jason's car? if she curves it right, it'll be a C-!!!!!! have fun studying to all who choose to do so, whever you are. i'll be here at the desk drawing pictures of gay men. not joking either. and BEST OF LUCK ON FINALS!!!!

 okay everyone, study group at my house at 6... don't know if this will really work or not, but we'll see right? a variety of subjects should be covered, but i have a feeling it'll mostly be for history and bio. so far, billy and ryan are coming, so it'll definitely be a par-tay.. come all, you are welcome. we'll be here a bit. secondly, i think i am going to pull through with the science camp counseling stuff first week of feb, which is essentially two weeks from now. if anyone else would like to go, please notify me by the end of this week so i can get you guys paper work and let the people know... don't leave me... all alone... haha... until then, i am gloating in the glory of my d+ on the last bio test... *sigh* see all you crazy people tonight.

 Okay, first of all... Screw you Jason! Second order of business, I am not a man so I can't "screw" Maggie, simple as that. Third order of business, I have no black underwear... And lastly, where is the study group? Maggie's? My parents, reluctantly, said my house is okay (but I'd rather not use it). If it is in fact at Maggie's when? Just call or IM me.

 someone really needs to cure me of my ridiculous obsession of staying up late. i think i really need sleeping pills. oy vey. i must just remember, i musn't do this before finals.... eee... i'm an insomniac. i apologize in advance for any bad mood i may be in today, due to a lack of resourceful sleep. good night? good day? i don't know. you decide.

 haha billy, don't be so bitter... just kidding, lay off of it, it's all good.... keep in mind all that laura and i are administrators, with the power to alter your posts however we may wish... for truth reliability purposes, i will not be exercising that right though. but i will if i need to! anyway, i agree with jessie, you could screw both of us, but i don't think you'd like to screw me, since i am too "dirty" for your standards. p-sha. i am rocking the soft serve machine, but we really do need another more productive study group tomorrow. my house is free, hey, there might even be some egg rolls, if we're lucky. until then, everyone wear your dirty clothing, and save your black lingerie for orgy thursday! whoo hoo... party's in my pants ya'll....

 hehe, it's cool billy. i'm sure you could screw both of us...

 billy, next time edit your post

 i mean Jessie, sorry Maggie...

 Screw you maggie... That is all I have to say

 ah, i had good times today... i like being dirty billy. it's kind of nice... haha, speaking of billy, here is a little except from our conversation displaying our favorite bitter jew's indesicivness: LlamasAttackedMe: yes orgy on thursday urinalpotts19: no urinalpotts19: okay haha, yes, that's right kids. thursday is orgy thursady.. wear your black underwear.... anyhow, my arse is sore and i need a shower. but it was all worth it. i got some studying done (i actually got a good dent in my math)... cubing (which still sounds dirty to me, by the way..)... i mean listen to this : "I had a cubing threesome with bryan and ryan. bryan really knew how to take the lead, and man, could ryan work that pelvis.." so wrong. so wrong. and yet so right....haha

 hello, ya'll. what up dawgs? well, talk to you later, have to study. must get finals over with. oh, and i have no idea when the birthday bash celebration will be, we'll get back to you on that, hopefully.

 hmm...not the most productive day in my esteemed opinion, but i saw it coming. what do you expect with a park for cubing? cubing>studying. no matter though, what's done is done. as for tomorrow, i need to stay after school and get a few things done, and depending on my schedule i don't know if i could make it to a study group. but remember the BIO NOTE CARD. use it well, fill it with your hearts ramblings on the calvin cycle and whatnot! cubing improvement: billy, it's not the hard to stay relatively clean if you LEARN TO NAVIGATE. except for a few times when i slipped right off the block because of a sudden stop, i stayed pretty clean. feet and hands can give you plenty of control, although i guess something like newspaper wrapped around the legs and rear would keep people cleaner.

 Okay Laura you are asking for it... For punishment i shall make fun of Latinas! Go to urlLink this website to learn if you are a latina ! HA HA HA HA HA HA HA, suffer or enjoy if you are not Salcido!

 I had fun at the park! It was great cubing despite the fact I was totally saturated in mud. My dad pitched a fit, but I didn't care. In the future, lets methods of staying clean! Like using ponchos or trash bag suits! I think I would enjoy cubing more if I got less dirty. Are we having another study group tomorrow? A serious one at someone's house, because the park doesn't work. I am not even going to mention it to my parents yet or at all for that matter, so consider my house off limits. Sorry. By the way, I am making a list of things we can do when we get together. Just put anything you can think of that is free/cheap, fun, and close to put on the list. Once it is complete I will share and things should be more fun. The spoon beckons , au revoir!

 haha... someone has to tell me that jason's away message sounds horrendously wrong at the moment... it is "bathroom and food"... is it just me, or is that a terrible combination? if i called you right now, would you be in the bathroom eating? anyway, i hate you for waking me up.... i don't know if i made any sense on the phone... that is the absolute worst time to call me.. to wake me up when i am still delirious and can hardly put words together in a cohesive sentence. but it's okay, i told someone to, so all is forgiven. no odd dreams yesterday for me, i think i missed my rem sleep by a couple of hours... heh heh.... and btw, it was sigur ros, a little bjork thrown in for spice. i like my icelandic women. three wishes, eh? well good of you to contiune the hypothetical questioning billy, this is awfully hard to answer... first off, i would say world peace, but then that would make things booooring, silly as it sounds.... so maybe i'll phrase it as "violence to a lesser degree".... second: to kick all the residents out of my court and turn it into a music venue, as well as open the long dreamt of, infamous "store".... third: hmmm.... more wishes would be too much... wait, i know!! i want urlLink these damn shoes .... if i had these, life would be perfect. moo haha. off to shower. i smell like late night televison.

 you want three wishes...ok, here goes. 1. that the IQ bomb really existed and worked 2. that those who survive the IQ bomb would live for a long time 3. more wishes as well, or to be the absolute ruler of the world study group: my seats are taken by val, laura, maggie, billy unless you can correct me. study group: we do have the option of studying at mandy's instead. under present circumstances, i prefer that option because a) it's cloudy and cold outside; and b) there are no bathrooms at the park dreams: if i did have a dream last night, i don't remember it and usually don't remember any of them.

 I had zero dreams last night... I used to get some weird dreams but not anymore. I don't know why either! Oh well, it'll be fun to study @ "make-out" point today. It'll be pretty and fun! And cubing! Hurray! Oh, I will not be bringing the spoon. It is too dangerous to have in public. Jason, Maggie, and Salcido are threats and therefore I shant be bringing it. Sorry Val, i really wanted to show you it. I now some of us hated the last question that Ryan asked because it was so random, but I gotta ask: If you had three wishes that would come true, what would they be! I said: 1) Pokemon really excisted (c'mon, that would be friggin awesome) 2) That everyone of my friends and relatives lives to a ripe old age and does not die of disease, murder, etc. 3) More wishes! Or if that doesn't work, I want to become a super hero and save the world. My power source being the Spoon of truth and power!

 AH! Bjork? Dancer in the dark? maggie going blind and getting hung? ah! ok, i still think about that movie too much.... ah! you too laura? i had a SUPER weird dream last night i was in wyoming and maggie was there, and all of a sudden she's like "aw shit, i gotta go home and take care of jenny because she's sick. but i have somhting else that's really important to do" and she wouldn't tell me what the other thing was, so i kinda gave up and told he that i would go to her house and watch jenny while she was out. so i did. and it got really late. it's was like 3 am or somthing, and i was just sitting in her room on her computer while jenny was sleeping. eventually i got thirsty so i went into the kitchen for H2O..and maggie's parents were there. and it was really creepy, cause they were sitting at the table, and maggie's mom was doing a crossword and her dad was reading a paper, but they were in the pitch dark... and how, they basically were really freaked out at first, cause they had looked in the room and seen the back of my head and just assumed it was maggie, then maggie's mom walked me home...veeeerrrry odd. that's right jason. run. run far....but you'll never be safe...muahahaha

 Ai, Maggie, by Icelandic music what are you referring to? Bjork? Sigur Rs? I have no clue how to put the little oomlot on Bjork, but... excuse it for the time being. I had a really freaky night yesterday. I kept waking up in the middle of my sleep and thinking that I was with someone, or rather, someone was in my bed with me. It was really freaky. Of course, no one was there, but it just kept happening. I was trying to figure out if I was dreaming it, and then got the spiritual world mixed up with the real one after I woke up. But then I wonder- what was I dreaming about? I remember one dream I had, Billy had the spoon, but we went to some park with a pond, and he put his spoon in the water and it inflated to the size of his head. That was a comical dream... But there's no way I was thinking about *that* when I thought someone was in my bed. *shivers* It still freaks me out somewhat!

 shit, it's like 4 something now, what am i still doing here? ai yi yi... must get cold water. oy. someone call me tomorrow morning and wake me up from a miserable sleep. should be most fun. i'm practically dead... the hyperactivity is wearing off....eee...

 ahhhhh shite! i just wrote a really decent entry, but then i just lost it... grrrr at the internet... anyway, it went something like this: i was griping about how i have to delete 100+ worth of junk porno e-mail in my account (yes jason, my account is always full due to porno spam), but i am also happy because although i did nothing today but pollute my brain with television, i got out and bought like 5 cds.... yay... also... billy: sorry about your spoon, i did not mean to harm you or it in any way, but i did enjoy my 10 seconds of fame where i had your spoon and you did not. =D jessie: i agree with your prospective vehicles of choice... the saturn actually isn't too bad at all... i don't know, i've heard that cabrios aren't exactly that reliable, so it might be good to play it safe... my dad and i had an odd conversation about rabbits today... heh... i almost typed rabbis.... oops.... laura: glad you found time to get cozy, we'll have to negotiate the workings of this page at a later date... val: orchard valley sounds really awesome, but if it's a good day, then i say we must spend it outside! it must be easier to go cubing if it is a bit sunnier, so the ice would melt faster.. besides, make-out point is just as awesome in the day as it is at night... hee hee... ooh! random thought! i went to a japanese supermarket and saw bidets for sale! (just thought i'd share) jason: it's really funny to read your typing for some reason. it made me laugh. running for cover from jessie? you coward! moo haha! well, i know i am up at an insane hour of the late evening/early early day, but um... i hope everyone is having a wonderful time sleeping... i think i shall trot off to get some reading in.... everyone listen to icelandic music... it's exquisite... i wish some people were up right now to keep me company.... i'm boooooored yet again... anyway, i'm free all tomorrow up til about 6 or maybe 7. watch, i'll be "studying", and fall asleep flat on my face when we're talking about lysosomes or some other crap like that. i smell more caffeine coming on... yes, for the agenda tomorrow, it's definitely, in order of priority: food, study, cubing... ok well off to literary madness i go... keep warm in the cold nights and don't forget to cozy up with big sheets. =D

 Yeah, I know this sounds counter-productive, but I think we should have a mass study session for us all. Because we all have overlapping classes and such... I need to be in an AP History one, so please, let me get in on it! Monday Plans outside of studying: Given the fact that we have the entire day basically, I say we picnic and cube while we have off hours from studying! haha. That park is a beautiful place though, even for non-cubing. I am actually suprised there weren't little make-out pairs up there. Hm, who knew? Anyway, back on track! Monday plans should involve a healthful mixture of food, fun, books, and people. In other words, I think we should Togo's it up at teh park with some cubes and coffee and towels perhaphs. Oh, and for those of you not into cubing, think of it this way: There is no way we could possibly spend more than, say, 2 hours MAX doing it. That is a small portion of the day, all things considered. So hey, let's have a fun one, okay everyone? Wow, this makes me feel like I am on a Little League team. Oh and hey- what did you guys do tonight? Bet you can all guess who I did. I mean, what I did. ha. ha. (calm down Billy, I was kidding!!)

 aaaah, jessie, i don't wanna do the tech portfolios either....i actually completely forgot about it until i read what you wrote, and now i've realized what deep shit i'm in since i haven't done ANYTHING on it, but draw sketches of costumes. shit shit shit. but yeah. i was planning on hanging out in orchard valley coffee shop tomorrow to study for finals, but if you guys are gonna have a group, let me know. i know i'm not in any of your classes, but i still wanna come and study my stuff with y'all. but yeah, anyways, okay, i'm gonna shut up now.

 ok, i just tried to post something that had my random thoughts and exaggerated threats from a half-hour of boredom...and i clicked the wrong button and lost the post...arrgg. ok, boiled down to the important stuff: billy, sorry about the spoon, we were just having a good time with it...also agree with your study group comments. ryan: random question, what is the point of marching naked? jessie: don't kill me, please, but i have to get this out. I WAS RIGHT ABOUT THE MUSTANG!! WHAT DID I TELL YOU??!! hahahahahahahahaha!! ok, i'll run for cover now and hope you remember that you owe me and will be merciful

 WOW! Jessie nice car! Hey at least you can drive! I am also admitting on blogger.com that I have failed my permit test a gain... Meaning that I am the worst in the group. Just please, don't rub it in, it does bother me. Jessie, you don't ahve to feel bad now. My loss was your gain, I guess that is one way of thinking of it.

 Whoops, I forgot to mention about what would happen after high school... Well, I think that everyone that is really close in the group will continue to stay close. Deep-rooted friendships will continue while others will drift apart. Also, I think that some of us will end up going to the same colleges (I mean besides Maggie, who else really wants to leave California?) I don't! We'll all probably see eachother once in a while, until one day we won't even remember each other. Laura won't remember Maggie's last name and Jessie won't remember why she was banned from Jason's car and we'll all go on with our lives. It is a little depressing, but getting older means moving on... right?

 woo.. never mess with a guy and his spoon....hehe i'd love to do somthing tomorrow.. i'm probably not gonna join in on studying for ap, but somthing at the park sounds good. whether it's food or whatever...just give me a call or somthing. ugh, val: i DO NOT feel like doing my tech portfolio...grrrr...hehe car update:ok, so it's narrowed down to two cars basically (Note that none of this is really my descision except for the color.. it's kinda my parent's choice now. so don't bitch at me ..hehe) either a 2002 cabrio or a saturn sc2... it's actually rather snazzy for a saturn. (check it out here if you're bored: http://www.velocityjrnl.com/jrnl/2002/vmd2725ov.html)... but the cabrio is a convertible, and that's just too exciting...but the saturn is a bit more economically practical. it also rides 2 inches off the ground. so i don't know. it's a give or take, and liek i said, it's not particularly in my hands anymore :( poor johnny feels so neglected...haha.. anyhow, see yall tomorrow hopefully.

 I don't care when we do the study group. I don't know if we should do it on the hill either. It could be really distracting! One this is for sure, homework and CUBING (that is what it is called Maggie, not "cube") do not mix. Homework is too un-fun and cubing is too much fun. I'm putting out this next message to all that oppose me having the spoon. Beware, the spoon is strong and shall stay in my grasp! For those attempt to take the spoon... Death or another unlikely happening will follow. I was particulary angered yesterday when someone tried to rape me of the spoon. I swear that if the spoon leaves my being the person who took it will pay. I will use black-mail, bribery, and other such bad nouns to get it back. This means you Maggie, Jason, and both Lauras. The four of you are walking on thin ice now and one more aggressive move from any person will mean bad stuff ! I'm sorry I had to say that, but last night I was pissed! Beware! The spoon means death for those that oppose it and for those that support glory will follow. Have a good night sleep, my fellow nigtits!

 tomorrow, for all of you with AP hist/bio, i'd like to arrange a study group. time/place are flexible, but please post/IM me with your schedules and location preferences. we'll probably go though the chapters 1-12 or 13 of history and 1-10 or 11 of bio tomorrow, and the rest on tues. unless someone has a better idea. maggie, if we do the study group at the park, i don't think cubing at the same time is a good idea because it would be pretty distracting. i'm fine with the picnic idea though.

 wheee.... i know i've said this multiple times before, but i still think that it is awesomely rad that so many people are posting, with such lovely comments and whatnot. anyway, i am really hyper as of now, too hyper to work on this page... although laura, i am sure we will find something good to do to it, it sorta matches right now, what with the colors and the image.... get it? on the rocks? pictures of rocks? har har har... yeah, yesterday at hogue was pretty fun, really cold, with lots of random people walking about, but still, i was just extremely glad to get out of the house, even if it was for a mere two hours. are we doing stuff tomorrow? write your suggestions all! if tomorrow afternoon is sunny, it might be pretty fun to cube during the day. a picnic would be pretty awesome too. (just some ideas, since i know we are all very bad at thinking of them.) >. in other news, i am banned from coffee for today, seeing as i had two frappaccinos (yes, i know that is spelled wrong), which is quite bad... but ooh yummy yummy.... by all means, jessie go for the cabrio!! whooo... or get a hummer... haha, now THAT would be amazing.

 Wait guys..what happened last night? And Jessie, about the new car.. a new cabrio or an old one. Old ones aren't too reliable, new ones aren't the most reliable either but that would be really cool. You guys know how ryan went to that parade in San Francisco, right? I'm watching the video he took of it, and it's pretty halarious! Him and Brad are having a heated argument with this guy over Bush and things. Anyways. Yeah

 okay, i was randomly looking around at websites, and i got to this one guy's page, and he had a list of medical terms that he thought would be good band names and stuff. but anyways, so i was looking at it, and there's this one disease called Maple Syrup Urine Disease. so i went and got some random info on it for show-and-tell, hahaha. * * * Maple syrup in urine disease is an inheritable metabolic disease of amino acid metabolism characterized by acidosis, central nervous system symptoms, and urine that may smell sweet like maple syrup. Causes, incidence, and risk factors Maple syrup urine disease (MSUD) is caused by the inability to metabolize the so-called 'branched-chain' amino acids leucine, isoleucine, and valine. The disease is called MSUD because urine from affected people smells like maple syrup. In the most severe form, MSUD causes severe acidosis during the first week of life. This is characterized by progressively poorer feeding, vomiting, seizures, lethargy, and finally coma. Untreated infants may die in the first few weeks of life in severe forms of the disease. MSUD also occurs in an intermittent form and a mild form. Even in the mildest form, MSUD results in mental retardation and bouts of acidosis precipitated by stresses such as ordinary infections. * * * happy little booger, isn't it?? apparently it's even fatal to adults, so yeah, wow, i learned something today. i thought i'd share it with y'all and maybe you'd be enlightened...somewhat....i don't know what point i'm trying to make, so never mind.

 *sigh* You guys... My html skills are failing me!! Maggie, I am sorry but I scanned and editted and colored and converted and uploaded and! for what?? Nothing! It came out supremely crappy, so I retracted my image contribution. I'll work on it better, you guys. I promise. I'm just in the weirdest mood right now. Hmph. Who would've figured?

 Val, you are a saint!

 **pool at Saratoga Lanes **hide-and-seek in Valley Fair **scavenger hunts **street hockey ((we haven't used jessica's set yet)) **movie marathon at someone's house **DINNER AT JASON'S HOUSE, DINNER AT JASON'S HOUSE!!!! **bowling on either Friday or Saturday nights, 'cuz it's Odyssey Bowl **bowling on Sundays in the morning for only $1.25 a game **ultimate frizbee **four-square **cubing **taking the trebuchet to Alamden Park and launching crap into the pit **driving to Downtown San Jose and Santa Teresa **DDR tourneys **build a fort ((where, and when, and with what, i don't know)) **cone-hunting **paintball **dressing up really funky and walking around randomly on the street and seeing how many people will stop and stare **drive or walk around with a videocamera randomly **make videos of whatever **make-overs!!!!! everybody loves make-overs!!! hahahaha ~_^ okay, i got to go to bed

 Again, I want to reiterate the fact that we do nothing when we go out. I would like it for everbody to donate ideas to blogger so I may transfer them to my "WHAT TO DO" list. Thanks

 prom - jason, you're my date for prom, remember?? ~_^ tehehehe. but really, i'm not sure if i'm going. you guys should really go - believe me, it's totally worth it, and it should be one of the most memorable nights of your high school life. it was for me last year, so yeah. i'm serious, it really is a stellar event, and i really think you guys should go. i don't know how i'm going to pay for it, since i think my mom isn't going to cover me for it 'cuz she needs to focus on marisa since it's marisa's senior prom and stuff. and i wouldn't want her to, anyways, since it's gonna be marisa's special night and stuff. i think everything should be directed towards her, but yeah. i got a vintage dress off of ebay, and it looks okay, but it smells of smoke, and i'm not sure if it's something that i would wear to prom. otherwise i'm seriously considering making myself a dress out of duct tape. that'd be awesomeness. ^_^ i'm kinda hesistant about going to prom 'cuz of the whole thing with john, but it really hasn't been bothering me, and i shouldn't let it bother me anyways. and i don't care if i have a date or not, as long as we all go together then it's gonna be stellar. 'cuz we have more fun with each other as a group anyways. ^_^ and yeah, are we doing anything tonight?? i can't stay out that late 'cuz i've got field hockey tomorrow morning, but it's a really nice day outside, and yeah. someone please call me if we do something and yay for bryan with his license!!! ^_^ i think he wins for having the nicest car. but yeah fun stuff.

 maybe, are we doing anything this weekend? or today? yes, this week was an interesting one, let's hope there aren't more of them to come well, FERRIS BUELLER MARATHON ON TNN ALL DAY! ok, "shake it on baby now"

 prom? already? holy shite billy...haha... well.. yeah, i guess i'll go. i think... if everyone else who goes promises to attend in a plesent partying good time spirit...

 i will if other people will... and yay bryan! congratulations..... my, everyone is growing up so fast... *sniff sniff*

 who is going to Prom?

 whew, everyone has to congradulate bryan on getting his licence the next time you see him! he totally passed it with flying colors (he also happens to have had the instructor i had the second time..heh).. so yeah, our little boy is growing up... my condolences go out to all whose weeks have been rather odd and somtimes disturbing. i think somthing must be in the air, and it sure as hell aint good..haha

 your knowledge is a prize in itself, i know it's not a trophy, but hey whoo hoo to beth the movie buff

 Billy- "Dust" is from the movie "Loser" i'm slightly perturbed that i don't win a prize for my movie knowledge

 1 is the lonliest number that you'll ever see...

 Val: I feel your pain, I am also not in CSF (because I don't see the point of what is does) and will not be attending Davis. It's a good thing we have side groups to hang out with. As you have mentioned previously, you have The Drama Crew and I have... Cortland, John, and... *sighs* Dawson's Creek... Don't ask! Oh, by the way! VAL, you are right. A synagauge is hebrew for temple. So, therefore, Val (I think) is right Maggie: Um, not to be rude and not to pry, but why Vegas? The last time I went to Vegas was for my Grandparents wedding and man was that fun! But, then again, I was only nine! The whole time I played video games with my cousin. And seeing that you are older, can't drink, can't go to strip clubs, and many other things I really hope that you find some fun to do. It shouldn't be that hard with a stinky-booger-daughter-of-a-hoe! Jason: That sucks about you being a chaffeur, I don't feel your pain because you can't drive, but honestly: SUCK IT UP! IS IT SO BAD THAT YOU HAVE TO BE NICE TO YOUR BROTHER OR YOUR FREAKIN' FRIENDS FOR THAT MATTER? I just wanted to open that wound as a representative of the NERLC! HE HE HE! LONG LIVE THE NERLC

 billy, i said we could go to mexico and drink the water. i really hope you didn't take me seriously >. as for this weekend, i am preoccupied friday evening, and most likely saturday, too. but i won't be attending a jewish temple/synagogue. =) everyone bring movies for the uc davis trip. apparently, there is a vcr in the bus, ooh la la... ok, well out to scrub... see ya'll lates.

 billy - thanks for about the skirt. ^_^ and hey, i'm currently debating with Jason at the moment over something - isn't a temple the same thing as a synagogue?? meaning that they both relate to Jewish people. or something like that. but yeah damn all you people for going to UC Davis and leaving me all alone. blaaah-haaaa-haaaaa....i went to Davis with marisa and my mom over the summer. it was alright, i kinda liked it. the classrooms look kinda shitty, though. but yeah. carlie, that sucks about marissa and dave. best wishes to her.

 arrgg...my mom has the flu, along with some sort of throat infection, so guess who's stuck as my brother's chauffer? me, of course. i hate this...i have to pick him up at 10 from kendo instead of doing something else. i might "recruit" (read: draft) one of you to come along with me, if i feel like it. Billy, i'm gone this weekend, in fact, i need to be home by 10 on friday. i have a race down in hollister saturday morning, then i head to Tahoe. and yes, UC Davis really is just to get out of school...why do you think we chose Davis and not Berkely? we get a charter bus and insurance that everyone misses 8th period (that was before they got rid of all 8th periods)

 Man, it just is not a good week for this group... To add to the misery, my tennis team which I much anticipated blows, big time. First off, all the good people left and left us with one senior (who isn't really that great), and handfull of sucky juniors, and a few sophmores and freshmen. We suck balls. I have never seen such crap. And, the worst part all about this is that they are all playing VARSITY. EVERYONE! Even these sucky weiners that really should play JV and actually get a feel for the game. For example... Andy Goder, is no where near super, but is okay... He is half of the number one doubles VARSITY team. What the fuck? And, to top this little festival of fucknuts off, the coach is a jerk. He made me just serve for about an hour. For those who don't know tennis... Serving for an hour is boring and killer on the arm! ARRGH! I honestly had a great day today, it was super. Then tennis just popped that little balloon of happiness. God have mercy on me. Carlie: sorry about what happened to Marissa, I know they had been "together" for quite some time. That does blow! I think that maybe it is better for Marissa to not be with Dave. We all know Dave is immature, and this action just prooves it. Marissa deserves someone more mature, like... Um... Er... Maybe Jason (he's pretty stiff as a board-- I mean mature...) Note1: For those that are in CSF, enjoy your trip to Davis. I would like to have gone, but I get enough information on Davis from Lisa Hardy, John Hardy's sister. And from what I have heard (I.E. from Ryan's mouth) it seems it is just going to be "a jerk-off session" in the words of my father :) If that is in fact the case, i'd rather spend my time @ school doing-- Ah, who am I kidding, have fun without me... Note2: Are we doing anything this weekend? I need to know, because I am getting rather booked and to be honest, there is a Jewish event that i would rather not like to go to, but I need to have an engagement that I am already committed to... You know what I mean, it's Emilia and she is nice, but I find her rather annoying. Just let me know. Also, please tell me who can do stuff this weekend. Note3: I've spoken with multiple beings in this group and each of those people have mentioned a retreat... Are we going to go do something during Spring Break? Go camping? Anything? Maggie mentioned driving to Mexico and I can only speak for myself when I say that I would rather not go there. Ryan, do you remember that story about Sarah going to Tijuana with 3 eighteen year olds? Ha ha ha, that is some funny shit. Note4: Val, i never got to say it @ school, but the tape skirt is off the hizzle. It's pretty sick DUST (NOW, IF ANYBODY CAN TELL ME WHAT MOVIE "DUST" IS FROM (AS IN MOVIE) THEY WILL WIN A COPY OF MY GHETTO RAP CD (HOWEVER, IF YOU ALREADY HAVE IT, YOU WILL NOT GET A NEW ONE, HE HE HE))

 ay ay... this is muchos odd day... most definately.... alright, first is first, billy, i shall contemplate a smaller list to contribute to your big one. yes, your big one... Dave, in my opinion, is a TOTAL ASS for even starting to be like that. Jason? Ryan? you listening? If you just sparatically decide you ever "need your space" when the girl you're dating is perfectly normal, don't be an ass about it, or all of us with y chromosomes are going to come give a a swift kick in the behind and throw you in a tank of pirahna infested waters. with Dave. or what's left of him anyway.... Laura, that major sucks about tu madre... i know she was totally into that job and such too... a sincere wurd to you mamma... yeah, i do agree thought hat at least they were decent to her. none of this sparatic change of emotions like such (AHEM) assholes (ahem DAVE). I didn't have too terrible of a day, but it was rather adventurous. i had to go to cupertino to get this random cd for drama, but a way different way than i usually go, and got lost. i finally get there, only to realize that they're remodling the damn thing, so they moved it temporarily... and the madness doesn't stop there. i find my way to the new place, get my cd, and walk out to find that i have locked my keys in the car. Luckily, i have my cell, so i start calling everyone i know (my mom's super sick and high on allergy meds, so driving isn't too good to her, and my dad's in LA). But alot of people are at practice for whatnot and i just can't get a hold of anyone. I look inside my car and see my frappachino, melting away without me. AAA says 3 hours. 2 minimum. It starts to rain. I look at my sweat shirt through the window and think how nice it would be to wear it. My cell battery is dying because of me calling everyone, and the library's closed. finally (yes, there is a good point to this story) my mom randomly pulls up. I was both mad at er for getting out of bed, cause she looked like she was dying, and over exuberant about me actually having some warmth. so yeah. that was my unexcitment of the day.. oy oy... just another manic monday.....

 I agree, a load of shit!! I bet he cheated on her and had sex and caught a nasty rash that is spreading around his body and he knows she will find out... Umm, Just kidding, of course. That's retarded... psht.. KNOW WHAT ELSE IS LAME?!?!? ...my mom getting let go at work today becuase it's just not in their budget anymore... Grr, today is a very bleh day for most. They are giving her a month of pay and a great letter of recommendation... all in all it is pretty good; the office people she works with were really upset by it, too. I think it's one of the prettier loss-of-job experiences I have seen, if you can imagine it.

 Hey again, I thought you guys should hear this from me although I don't know if Marissa wants me to talk about it. Marissa and Dave broke up today, well actually Dave dumped Marissa because he needs his "space and time to think." Thats the BIGGEST LOAD OF SHIT I'VE EVER HEARD if you ask me!!! So, tomorrow if you see him in the halls or even talk to him, give him a big, mean, nasty look or kick him in the croch. Thanks!

 Hey all, Jason and i were gonna make a starbucks run before we go to davis. If you are going to davis and want some, im, call, blogger, or tell us on the morrow. Bring your moo-laa and the drink of your choice will be yours!!!! mu hu!!!! oh, and you can all rest easy, im going to badminton tomorrow (tuesday) thats all folks!

 Don't do drugs!

 What the fuck... Val! Where did you find this stuff? Ha ha ha! I'm reading this journal of crap and I am honestly tempted to write in and say: Hey, what the heck? Seriously, there is some crazy ghetto Dawson's Creek crap going on in that web-journal-diary... Do you honestly think that the people that say they are Aaron Carter are Aaron Carter? I'd be curious to find out, in fact some little hoe-bag said something about them all lying. Oh well? C'est la vie! Note1: I am making an actual list of shizzle we can do when we go out. I am tired of just driving... It sucks like a porno star, so with that analogy clearly stated I would appreciate it if any person were to share their "enjoyable activities" they would like me to add to the list. Okay? Word my posse. Oh, I just realized something... Never turn porn on when your sister might be home... Never. Swear to god, I rarely look @ porn (i mean it to) and when I actually do, MY SISTER COMES HOME EARLY! All those with siblings and who also enjoy a good self-hump... Make sure your sister is not coming home early or you aren't coming home late (I would also like to add, i did not get caught! THANK GOD FOR LOCKS ON DOORS THOUGH!) Note2: I do enjoy a good fast-food burger/hotdog/other fatty product, but I am seriously suggesting that perhaps we could eat @ a restaurant... Maybe once every month? And, since I did mention hotdog! Weinershnitzel wasn't half bad. I hated it for about 5 years, until... When did we eat there again? Oh well, it was okay. Note3: FUCK THE PO-LICE Note4: I think I am going to make a screen name up called: JASON_HATAKEYAMA ... Comments? Questions? I'd appreciate all input!

 carlie: i suppose it depends on the outcome of the tryouts mostly, and how they affect the game schedules, since it might not be worth it if soccer conflicts with the games tuesdays and thursdays. if not, then i think you should continue to do it, only if it isn't interfering with other aspects of your life, etc. practices on friday are sort of eh, but whatever, i probably won't go to half of those anyway - there really is no point to them. do whatever you feel like, but remember that beth might be sad if you leave her partnerless.=/ AHHH I HATE HOMEWORK. lates, chums...

 ay, the bosstones and four non-bblondes? carlie, you are a confused little girl..hehe yeah, i don't want to go either... no fun at all.. i was going to do some homework stuff, but than i remebered i have to organize this whole church thing before tomorrow...gahhh... so i go to the coffee shop, and forget all of my stuff, so i have to go back home. when i go back the second time, all of the stupid yuppie old people have taken all the tables! it was a madhouse in there..totally full.. and too cold to go outside, so i went and locked myself in my room (wwiiiith the lights off...haha)... anyhow, all of this leads to me extremely not wanting to go to school. how? i don't know... at least there's only a few weeks till spring break... hmm, and carlie, i do not know. i cannot know your situation exactly.. i think if you can make it work somewhat, do it, but if you have to murder yourself in the process, maybe just chill at open gyms and stuff... ah, how terrible of advice is that? haha, yey for reiteration of what you just said... and maggie, do you really wanna live forever? forever? forever young? hahaha

 Sorry, Maggie. I'm not going. I have soccer tryouts at 5. I think I'll be going on tuesday though, if that helps. I don't know though if I should even play. I'll only be able to practice on tuesdays and fridays (how ghetto is that, practice on fridays from 5:15 to 7:15, that just screws up any plans we have or plan to make). My mind is constantly wavering about the topic. One day I'm like, "I don't think I'm going to play, it will make my life so much less complicated if I don't play." And then when I went to practice over the break I was like, "Oh, I remeber this and how much fun I had, I want to make this work." Ah, I don't know. Help me. To play or not to play? Please help me, I'm so confused (maybe).

 waaargh, i wanna go do something, but y'all are busy with homework. poopies. maybe i should start my tuesday homework....blaaaaaah....

 forever young... i wanna be... forever young. and not go to school as well... here's my two cents on my homework status: i literally have not done anything. i read the awakening, i suppose that's good enough, oh yes, and half of the history chapter, but i am afraid that's all. i really gotta get cracking, if ya know what i mean.... ahhhh.... *kills time* i do not want to go to school tomorrow at all. but on a different topic, how many people are going to b-minton practice tomorrow? i want to, but i shall need to devise a clever scheme on how to get there at 5.15. grrr.... okay, well i am off to procrastinate some more. until tomorrow, *ddr style* peace out!

 Nice dream Jessie. And I was thinking about tinfoil today, too. Interesting. Damn english essay and theme journals; the only homework I haven't done. I don't want to, I want my mommy. "I wake up in the morning and I step outside and I take a deep breath and I get real high. And I said hey whats going on. I said hey-yay-yay-yay, i said hey. What's going on?" "Have you ever been close to tragedy or been close to folks who have Have you ever felt a pain so powerful, so heavy you colapsed No..well I never had to knock on wood and I'm glad I haven't yet cause I'm sure it isn't good. Thats the impression that I get." These two songs are stuck in my head. Damn songs. They don't mesh too well.

 why does break have to end? do we really have to go to school tomorrow? I DON'T WANNA!

 can somebody please e-mail the history notes for chapter 30- it would be much appreciated. jason- how was tahoe? i hope you didn't mauled by any agressive snowboarders. i hope everybody had a lovely break and i am very sad that it is coming to an end. Back to the neverending monotony of school. peace out my homies- see you tomorrow bright and early

 hahaha, i just finished reading the aaron carter journal... that is SO HILARIOUS... oh man... and yeah, just like val said, if you look at the responses to what happened.. like the one where the girl likes him or whatever, and his brother comes into it and tell him to do whaty he feels is right..haha... you guys gotta read it... ah, and for my record, i have NO NEED to go to cosentinos.. geez maggie... and y'all think my imagination is weird...;)

 ...i have an energy hangover....haha, it was funny 'cuz when i came into my house, my mom asked me what we did, so i was talking really fast and crazy-like, and so when i was done talking she asked me how much coffee i had had to drink. hahaha. i told her a venti caramel frappuchino and 2 "caffeine drinks." but yeah. my legs were shaking soooo bad and stuff 'cuz i was that hyped up. when my mom was done watching ER i got to play ddr....and okay, you know you're hyper when you're moving too fast even for ddr....i was playing the matsuri japan one, and i was WAAAY ahead of the arrows, it was crazy. i was sooo energized that i even dared to try La Senorita, and i actually passed it!!!!!!!!! which is crazy shit, 'cuz on the basic level, La Senorita is 7 feet. but yeah. did that for a while, then did my part of my chemistry group project for today, and then i put on "the wedding singer" once again and fell asleep on the couch. so yeah. but fun fun, we should do the driving adventure again sometime. ^_^ jessie, that's a pretty weirdy dream, but fun fun at the same time. ^_^ looks like maggie is getting around....**nudge nudge**wink wink** tehehehe. ~_^ hmm, me getting arrested for stealing/driving a golf cart....that kinda sounds like something that would actually happen. ~_^ fun fun

 an azn smiley face!!! -_- nice maggie

 jessie, jessie, jessie... tsk tsk. sure it's orchard valley and not *cough* cosentinos? and for the record, i am not a slut, nor have i ever even formally spoken to john! goodness, i'm a tool even in dreams... how sad is that... haha, nah really, it's all good though.... i'm in the best of moods, even though it's *checks clock* 2 AMish... haha amish.... okay, whoo... friday was totally fun, and today, well for me, was astounding!! i'm sure that no one really cares, but while driving around san francisco, who should i randomly see but some really hot guys walking down o'farrell street, before i notice it's todd and beck from my most favorite band in the world, glassjaw.... it was a miracle. i literally jumped out of the car, and was um, "causually" speedwalking down the street, but i was too late... they had already gone in to sound check. seriously, how cool is that though? i feel like a little teen bopper kid, but really, if you liked this band as much as i did (think of it as 3290584604 more times than a burning water), then i think you would be spasming all over too. this evening was completely fun too, good times, good music, good company. what sort of wrapped up a good day was the fact that i had a strawberry shake (mmmm...) and happy parents to come home to. ooh, and if people get a chance, ya'll should see the life of david gale . it's very good, even a little bit trippy at times. but in a very marvelous way. ryan, it's a movie you would like. it's "smart" enough for you. and it has kevin spacey! no one can deny kevin spacey, at all. until then, much peace, and remember to pray for those deceased grandfathers of loved ones. -_-

 and i'm back. glad you missed me...heh... anyhow, i'm just here, downing a box of grahmn crackers, wasting some time... ok, so i had this dream, and i have to tell you all about it: we were hanging out at laura's house, and maggie pulls me aside, pulls off her jacket, and shows me this big old pen tattoo that she drew on her arm. it's this big gaudy old thing that says "HANS". she's all "you like it?" and i was kinda laughing and i say "sure." and she's like "yeah, see my mom had this thing that once you have somthing on your body, it might as well stay there, so i think i'm gonna go get it." next thing i know, she's heading for the door to get this tattoo... Then jenny blows up the microwave and everybody's running around trying to clean up.. i remeber somthing about carlie and tinfoil..haha..anyhow, i'm thinking about geting a towel or somthing, but laura comes up to me, and says "BRIAN'S HERE!!!" and i look out the window, and sure enoguh, there he is. and she says "should i go out to talk to him?!?! hehe, i don't know" like all giddy and stuff, and i'm just thinking, "laura, it's your boyfriend, what are you gonna do, leave him out there?" (oh, it's not over yet). All of a sudden maggie runs out of the halway. turns out she went to change or somthing, and she's wearing these really slutty clothes. she's ripping though the place, grabs me by the arm and says "oh oh, and john (brian's friend) is here too!!! i'm going to go out and talk to him. when i'm done, come and get me" and i'm like "how the hell am i supposed to know when you're done talking?" but she's already out the door, TOTALLY hanging on john and bending over in front of him and stuff... and finally ryan calls me over to the other window , and val's stealing this golf cart (like the one's at school) well, ok, she isn't stealing it, just driving it around in circles, and we're laughing, but all of a sudden this cop sees her and starts running after her, and totally arrests her...so we just keep hanging out... haha, so yeah, that's what sleeping in hotel rooms gets you... i figure y'all ahve to do homework and stuff tomorrow just like me, but if anyone wants to hang out for a short while or somthing, t'would be nice. call mi cell phone. i'll be down at orchard valley probably around 2 if anyone would like to join. until then, adeu.

 aww, crap, the address for aaron carter's journal didn't show up...i'll type it, and you guys can cut and paste and look, 'cuz it's hilarious to read all the drama that goes on. http://www.blurty.com/users/aaron_c/ fun fun. and then you can look at other pop-star people's journals too 'cuz they comment in his, so you just click on their name...it's fun stuff. ~_^ hey, are we doing anything tomorrow, which would be saturday??? -carlie, that's too bad about CCS, but i can understand about not wanting to play mitty or continuing practice. but at least you guys got to go to CCS this year, so yeah. ^_^ good stuff

 Hey guys. Some pretty weird shit happened since the last time I read Blogger. Can we please do something today (friday), I am almost bored out of my mind!!! Okay, maybe not but I think I'm feeling a bit of cabin fever. Even though I'm not in a cabin. Hum. Just incase you weren't aware, the women's soccer team played in Berlingame on wednesday against Berlingame high school for CCS. We lost 0-1. Their goal was offsides but none of us wanted to play Mitty on Saturday or continue practicing the rest of the break. On Thursday I went to an aquarium in Santa Cruz. It was pretty cool. It surprised me how much we've learned in Ap Bio was aplicable to what was there. Anyways, lets get jiggy with it tonight. Maybe can we hang at someone's house. I don't want to drive much.

 NOT AARON CARTER! AHHH!

 HOLY SWEET GODDAM!!!!! YOU GUYS, I FOUND AARON CARTER'S ONLINE JOURNAL!!!!!!!!!!! IT'S HILARIOUS!!!!!!!!!! duuuudes, i'm so serious. i was bored, and so i was just randomly looking at people's journals, hitting the "random" button, and i get this one girl's journal, who apparently was the star of the disney remake of "the parent trap" and has been in other things. but then i looked at what people wrote for comments, and aaron carter was on there, and apparently there's some fling-thing going on between these two, and so i looked at his journal, and there's this HUGE picture of him on it and crap. here's the site address: urlLink you people have to look at this....seriously!!!!!!! i can't believe i found this....tehehehe

 all- yes it's bad timing and all, but if anyone reads this before tomorrow (friday) and is interested in coming to uc berkley tomorrow (friday) call me ASAP ! we will probably leave around 10 am to get there around 11:30 ish. well, contact me if anyone is interested!

 hehehe, yes, i am returning to the homeland tomorrow, my good cronies!! Ahh, how excited I am! Ryan, the fun factor of tomorrow would be really kick ass but I have plans to go to that show with Jenny and all, sorry. BUT!! Saturday, let's do something fun that kicks ass! And doesn't involve ass-tag. I hope. hehe.

 Thanks for the caution tape Val!! I put it up at practice today... looks very Branham. While I was driving to your house I ran across 2 cops... one was using his front bumper to push a car off the road. The other was trying to block traffic. Hella cool. I wanna learn how to push a car with my bumpa. I DROPPED 4-6 SECONDS ON MY BREASTROKE TODAY AND STAND TO DROP EVEN MORE TOMORROW!!! WHOOOOO!!! The coach working with me at the clinic thinks I may make CCS this year (if the Q time is still around 1;06). WHOOOOOOO!!! My car blew a tire overnight so I got to take the van out today. I had fun peeling out of red lights and blasting KSJO full volume. Good times. I left the windows down on the freeway (MISTAKE!) and my hair went spikey and looked hardcore. Laura comes home tomorrow... lets think of something fun to welcome her back!

 ryan, sometimes you really do frighten me. hear that? FRIGHTEN. by the way, jason is in canada. someone holla back if they want to go to badminton open gym tomorrow. i have fully recovered from my soreness from tuesday. (yay.)

 How's Tahoe Laura? Hope you don't hit any trees or knee-scraping, bone-breaking, life-threating things like that. I nearly got killed TWICE on 680 yesterday. A big rig nearly slammed one of its 16 wheels into my head and a (race to be ommitted) driver nearly flung me a few lanes over as she randomly decided to merge. Fun stuff. I'm doing this swim clinic thing at Independence High (which is why I was putting my life on the line on 680) with a few Branham swimmers. Kendra was trying to get my attention during one of the lectures by waving and winking and wispering at me (I was too entralled by the video of swimmers going back in forth in a pool that I didn't notice her) and this Mexican wannbe thug (dressed semi nice so he isn't a thug, semi-thug tho) thought she was hitting on him. So, when she walked over, he looked her up and down and said, "Hello sexy." She snapped her neck around and said, "I wasn't talking to you. I wasn't looking at you." It was so funny! The guy was so embarrassed... he shut up, froze, and turned around trying to pretend it didn't happen. Oh god that made my day yesterday. Even better... is that this semithug that thinks he's hot shit can't swim faster than GINA!!! GINA!!!! THE MINIATURE M&M AT BRANHAM!!! Plus, he's a cheerleader. Hearing that made my day, too. A cheerleading semithug. Hehe. Oh yeah, on top of that I was changing in the locker room and in the entire time that it took me to shower, strip, and put on real clothes, he had put 6 different lotions/sprays on. Friggin insane. A girly, primping, cheerleading semithug. BTW --- Yesterday I had a near death experience(s) on the freeway. Today I was wearing sandals coming out of the shower and started slipping in a puddle... kept slipping and dancing around (moon walk mostly, a little bit of the cha-cha kick sometimes, and a slight robot move with teh arms as they flayled) to keep my balance for about 5 (not kidding) seconds before grabbed a chain link fence to support myself. I came back at 9;40 and Jason wouldn't answer his cell. Where'd you guys all go tonight?

 Sorry Val... I woke up to the alarm and decided my butt was too comfortable in bed and slept through practice. I don't have morning practice tomorrow, but I'd still like to pick up the tape. I'm scared to swim against Independence now... their coach is way too good. One of the guys (coach, not kid) is an 18 time all American with several world records. He teaches so well it's like I was playing violin and traveling half way across the world to study under a master. I'm seriously thinking about taking a month of school swimming and "studying swimming" under him on his team. At the Biology thing tonight I encountered the stupidest woman ever. Through a thick Russian r-rolling accent and a beer-belly chin, I could barely make out her stupid questions like, "So to get college credit what do you have to do?", which she asked 3 times sucessively despite the answer being written down in the brochure she waved in her hand as she talked and the three crystal clear explanations by the host speaker. Ugh. I shiver in pain, disgust, and boredom to think of her child(ren). Anyone up for a quick dinner tomorrow? Fast food or cheap eat place like El Pollo Loco, Baha Fresh, etc...

 ryan, how come you didn't come get the caution tape???? mandy, i'd be glad to go to uop with you and maggie. you'd have to tell me when you're going so i can see if i can make it, but yeah. fun fun and laura, not much has happened. damn tower records for not carrying Rooney. damn them all to freeze in antartica with nothing but bikinis.

 Sup y'all. Swimming at Independence rocks! I just improved my backstroke times by 40 - 50% and freestyle by 20 to 30. Tomorrow we do breastroke and fly. Whoo hooo! I'm on top of the world right now.

 Hello from Tahoe. Umm, yea, I am bored out of my mind. arggities. What all has been going on back in San Jo?

 yay!

 ooh mandy, i would like to go! that sounds quite joyous... i'll check and call ya... (then i can say i actually went somewhere over break.)

 does anyone want to come with me to visit csu fresno, uc merced, or uop? i'm leaving wednesday around 8 am. i can take 2-3 people. we'll be spending 1 night in fresno and then be back on thursday. if anyone's interested call me tonight. thanks a bunch! i'll check back later.

 how many cones are there in all?

 swimming is sooo fun in the cold... morning... gotta rush of to 2nd practice @ independence high... damn driving there

 what's the Burnside Vagina Cone???? are you talking about lil' bucky???? and hey, are we doing stuff tomorrow ((meaning tuesday))??? to jason and laura - if i don't see you again before you leave, then have a great time on your trip, and take care!!!!! ^_^

 HA HA HA, did Beth get the Burnside Vagina Cone? I mean... G2G!

 DAMN YOU AND YOUR DEMON CONES!!! -and, oh yeah, if we're doing anything give me a call

 You know, this weekend, to me, was fun and all, but I think I am missing something. I know that sounds pretty lame, but it is entirely strange that in the midst of both my friends and pink pants can I still feel void. I suppose it is one of those things that really doesn't even have to do with people, but just having issues with yourself. I am one of the most indecisive people on the planet, who gave me permission to have friends as cool as you all?? I guess what I am trying to say is that perhpahs I feel guilty for feeling shitty when I am surrounded by great people. I know we have already established the fact that I am a sap, but truly... I don't know where I am going with this, I just needed to vent. Welcome to an online journal, folks, no, it isn't just arguing over what to do every Friday. I guess that all I need is a little push; a little reassurance... I'm leaving for Tahoe on Tuesday, and I am coming back Friday. Damn, I am missing practically the entire break. God, I don't want to go. *sniff*

 I need to be filled in on this "midnight blaze/fire orgy"! I was forbidden to leave this house after 5 PM yesterday so I could not go out, much apologies. I'm sure you will all be reading this on Sunday or Monday, please respond and fill me in on Friday night and Chappelle's orgy, i mean party. Oh yeah, i should be able to party this week from whenever to whenever, just call. DON'T BE AFRAID AND CALL ME! CALL ME AND I'LL BE AROUND... Born to it my sweet ass estrogen hoes (word to all your mothers). -Billy Have fun in Canada, Jason! Oh by the way, DOWN WITH THE ELITESTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 hey, for the peeps who are coming shopping - we'll go around 1:30ish, so yeah. hehehe, maggie, i woke up at 7:30ish too. ^_^ but yeah, wanna go out and stuff. i fixed my duct tape skirt, so i'm wearing that today.anyways, i'll see you when i see you. ~_^

 muy bueno! i am ready to go shopping anytime, i suppose as soon as jason wakes his ass up, and is willing to drive people. i woke up at like, 7:30 this morning, and i am up like a fox! where is everybody, if not online? i suppose too pooped out from yesterday's mad valentine orgy... ahem. i mean bonfire, and nothing more. oh, the flames of passion!

 hmm. well then. i enjoyed my valentines day. and yourself? heh.

 aaaaah, my god, this is so horrible but hilarious - i found this adlibs site online, so i was filling them out. and what's cool about it is that you can give an accent or whatever to the finished product, so yeah. i filled out this one and gave it a "Jive" voice or whatevers....read it. i'll put the words i chose in bold. * * * Mary Had A Little Lamb Carlita had some little heffar , little heffar , little heffar . Carlita had some little heffar , Its fleece wuz purple as snow. Everywhere dat Carlita went, Carlita went, Carlita went. Everywhere dat Carlita went, De heffar wuz sho' nuff t'go. It followed ha' t' yo' pants one day, yo' pants one day, yo' pants one day. Slap mah fro. Right On! It followed ha' t' yo' pants one day, Which wuz against da damn rules. It made da damn children squatted and play, squatted and play, squatted and play. Slap mah fro. Right On! It made da damn children squatted and play, To see some heffar at yo' pants . * * * MU-HU!!!!! and hey, yeah, still need to know when we're going shopping, so yeah. but yeah, the site is elibs.com fun stuff if you're bored, like me.

 being sick blows like a cheerleader on the football jock. mwuahahaha, there's my sick humor for today. oooh, pun on the sick!!!! ~_^ but yeah, i'm at home, and most likely i won't be able to go out today. but who knows, maybe i can. gimme a call if you guys do something. wait, so it's me, jason, maggie, laura, and mandy that need to go shopping, okay. when do you guys wanna go??? i'm thinking like 2 p.m. on saturday or whatever, and i'm also thinking target ((hehe, and maybe home depot, right, jason???? ~_^ mwuahahaha)). but we can go wherevers. and jason, i'm gonna need a ride. but yeah, take care everyone

 I can't beleive i missed MARISSA COOL! I'm sure she was super titty-licious! Note: Will not be available because I am going to a pro tennis tournament with mes cousins! Note 2: Will not be going to Jessica Chappelle's b-day... and I am not telling her either! I'm angry at the stinkin' nigtit!

 Hey guys If its stormy tomorrow or whatever, i don't think we can have the picnic at my house but my sister suggested that we have it in someone's garage. Then we could be sheltered from the rain and wind, yet still observe the wild beyond if we so desire. I guess cubing would still work, even if its stormy. Then it will just be extra slick, like a well used whore (mu-hu!) Anyways, we were going to try wetting it down before hand anyways so the first few rides aren't so bumpy (If you read that and take out all the refrences to cubing, it sounds kinda..ah..perverted) Also, if we still do the picnic, what will we consume? I'd suggested thoes pre-baked chickens that grocery stores sell, but it seems that Jason does not like them (and we can't have Jason not liking something) so we came up with sandwich supplies (you know, lunch meat, bread, condiments) and then you can just make it how you like. We could also get chips and dips and veggies and fruits and cat litter. Oh, did I say that? Opps. And finally, did anyone see Marissa Cool today? Namely her tight pink shirt which she was not wearing a bra under? Her nipples were really hard and it was really gross and her and Tracy were talking about it all period. Also, Marissa and Lauryn Livengood are trying out for badminton. Tracy mentioned that she might try out too. GOD HELP US ALL

 *pants from the stress....* whoo.... i really need to take a chill pill. i have had the most horrendous day ever. i was stuck in a building with overly optimistic people for like, 7 hours on end. god help me. it would really be great if people came over around 6.30 to study (because i really need it) and to just relax, i suppose. i assure you, we shall get work done! even if it kills me! i am overly anal today, but i think studying with some lovely people such as yourselves would make us all a bit more calm-headed. or maybe just me. i don't know. anyway, i have hellsa notes, and lots to say, so join in the fun! and ryan, bring risk as a reward!

 i need to go shopping also. the cone-hunt sounds like fun too. well, i don't really want to take the bio test tomorrow. i'm feeling another B-/C+ coming on. but i don't want to jinx myself. oh well! later days!

 okay this is my weekend: Friday: maybe do something Saturday: home and sleep (i cannot go to Jessica's event on this day) Sunday: i don't know, maybe same as above! Note: I may or may not go to Maggie's on Thursday. I want to do some major studying at my house because i know a lack of work happens @ Maggie's study groups. :P

 Strongbad I am made of poison!! Count me in for shopping on Saturday. Friday- Nice weather: picnic and cube as planned. Shitty weather- a scavenger hunt would be hellsa fun, i think. but that's just me...

 ryan, no more caps for you. in other news, here's my invalid opinion on this weekend's prospects: friday: something, maybe cubing if the weather is nice, although probably not. laser tagging is still an option, although maybe not a popular one anymore. going to the beach would take more planning, so definitely not this day. friday is sort of a loss... but it's valentines day! i'm sure we'll think of something exciting. my idea of fun: cone-hunt. gather as many cones as you can in an alotted time frame, (say 1 hour), and then regroup, and we can all marvel at each other's cone finds. actually, even just a normal scavenger hunt would be pretty fun. i dunno. it's something new. saturday: i need to go to target as well in the morning, so count me in on shopping! then, obviously... jessica's party.... woot woot.... sunday: i don't know. i am going to napa, praying that i don't fall out of a hot air balloon, if i do. next week: let's pick and organize in advance (wow, what a surprise!) a good day to go to the beach. i am free pretty much all next week, so whatever day chosen is fine with me...wait, except for friday. anyway, rides might be an issue cause jason won't be around, and i don't know how many people really are willing to drive 17..... but we'll see, right? tomorrow: study group at my house at around maybe 5.30ish? history predominantly. maybe a little bit of bio. a lot of risk. possibly eggrolls. maybe ice cream. should be a blast. good eve to you all. (oh yes, btw val, there is a new teen girl squad comic on homestar! it's pretty great... hee hee...)

 OK... my sis played the MEANEST trick EVER on me!!! she gave me cookie dough and i was like, THANKS!!! then she leaves and i get around to eating it. i THOUGHT it was sugar cookie dough, but NOOOOO its SHORTBREAD.. FUCK!!! THAT IS THE WORST DOUGH TYPE EEEEEEVVVVVVVEEEEEERRRRRRR!!!!

 soooo booooreeddd....i have no homework at all. sure, i could be working on my history essay that's due on friday, but you know what??? no. okay, i'll quit complaining now. fyi, jason and i are gonna go shopping on saturday before the party - if y'all wanna come too, let us know

 holy sweet goddam, i had to click on the "show last 50 posts" in order to catch up with everything, but yeah, anyways. i'm up for picnic and cubing whenever - i'm busy on sunday though, so not then. but yeah, if the weather is good, then we could go out cubing before jessica's party on saturday and then head over to her place when we're done. i mean, it starts at 6, and it's dark by then, so we'd be done cubing by then anyways. speaking of jessica's party, who needs to go shopping, and who's going, and who's sleeping over??? i still need to go shopping, so if anyone wants to go shop together, tell me ((TARGET)). and yeah, i'm most likely not gonna sleep over at this one 'cuz i'm doing stuff on sunday. i agree with ryan ((for once, hahaha. damn republicans.)) on the thought that we could go to the beach later during the break. 'cuz i'd still like to go, but yeah, maybe we should wait for better weather and plan out the transportation and crap. and you know, there's more beaches than santa cruz and san fran. ((i have a feeling that the beaches that i'm gonna name are all gonna be in S.C., but oh well)). but yeah, besides the boardwalk, there's that one beach with the old battleship beached on it, and then there's another one too, but i don't remember what it's called..i'd have to ask my mom, she knows these things. but yeah, let's at least do something on friday, i don't really care what. this week has been hell, and i wanna get it over with.

 I think cubing and a picnic sounds like a good idea if the weather is decent. I definitely want to do something on Friday. Jason- where does selfridge live? he kind of creeps me out i hope you are all having a lovely time doing homework and whatnot.

 I'M REALLY TIRED!!!

 i don't understand how someone could confuse A M A N D A for A M A N J A ?! darn bentson. the cubing idea was a pretty good one but considering the weather today neither would be pleasant, especially with everyone sick or recovering from illnesses. well, we will all figure something out. later days!

 speaking of the rain... its supposed to storm fri morning... i'd rather not picknik on cruddy muddy blankets... for those who DO want to go to the beach... maybe during the latter half of the break those who want to should go... or maybe those who want to go should go this weekend anyways and have fun in a sweatshirt around the beach and hanging out in a new area.... i'm sure if jessie's parents drive we will have neough rides since only a car full of us really wanted to go anyway (i think)

 response to carlie's post: i like that park/cubing idea. as for the beach, i would prefer not to drive to santa cruz, especially with so many conflicts. with the storm coming in, it would not be a good idea to use the sf beaches, since those are directly on the ocean and subject to its very harsh currents and riptides before stormy weather and in the winter in general. anyways...me and maggie were bored, so we drove halfway to SF (as far as Crystal Springs)...yes, we were quite bored. we also found selfridge's house, finally...he owns two Hondas, a van and what looks like a civic

 God guys, we've been buys posting. I posted last night at like 5:45, i read through 19 posted in one fucking day. Wow, and like the majority are from Ryan. He sure took to this blogger thing like a duck to water. Oh, just incase some didn't hear. To celebrate Valentine's Day, on Friday we were thinking we could have a picnic in a park, probably the one we cube at. We could get thoes pre-cooked chickens, bread, and someother ins and outs at a grocery store, bust out the blankets and lanterns and have a eat-a-thon. We'd probably get there at around 4:30pm (or later depending on afterschool activites) and we could stay 'till whenever. We could go get cubes if we want, keeping in mind the technique of wetting down the slope before cubing. ON another note. I know Jessie and other's wanted to go to the beach, but I'd just like to mention some conflicts. Jessie's parents could drive but that would only get so many of us there. Jason said he wasn't sure if he wanted to drive. Beth and Mandy have an SAT class, I have a car wash at the Branham Flea Market (if you guys want to get your car washed! come!! please?) Also, I checked the weather again and the high would be 65, it would be partly cloudy, and it is suspose to rain on Sunday so if that storm comes in early, there may be a problem. Also, Jessica's party saturday night. Also, Maggie suggested that we go to a beach that does not involve driving 17. She mentioned one near San Fransico, kind of by the zoo. The weather would be roughly the same there. Maybe we should take some kind of group poll? Anyways, see ya all tomorrow.

 lol... this is a fuckin jacked month... turns out i'm going to saratoga high's sadies with an old crush from elementary... weird as fuck

 DOWN WITH THE SICKNESS BILLY!

 i hate being sick... just wanted to let you guys know... Oh, by the way, FUCK KASSOVIC! She should know why! I most likely will not do anything this weekend. I've been told to "get over my sickness". So, unless I pull a cleansing Jesus in the next two days... I can't do anything. But, have fun without me.

 february is the month of anti-love for ryan... i thought i was gonna help solve some of my eyeache problems by downing sudafed... the last time i had sudafed i had to chew it. so i chewed the damn stuff. little did i know they were GEL tablets. i have NEVER tasted ANYTHING more DISGUSTING in my LIFE. try tasting a orange gel sudafed tablet. its like throwup concentrate. shit.

 oops didn't mean to do that twice

 well...

 well...

 ryan, all of that is terrible.... and you guys think i'm freaky for tailing teachers!! pshhh... it's jason who does the getaway driving anyway... ryan, really, you should not be looking at branham's site in your free time! go enrich yourself with something like urlLink homestar runner. whoo hoo! in other news, fernandez told me i probably couldn't make clones of my siamese twin flowers. i am greatly saddened by this fact. now off to preserve them in amber...

 GOD!!! " "Giving kids an experience of their roots and of their power to change the world turns me on," he says" that's from dick vandenberg's bio

 LORDY!!! check out jone's picture... devlish!

 additional bored... hugh cox... remember that teacher... check out the branham webpage on teachers... his pic looks like a dick yeah, i'm talking to myself

 its after midnight and i'm wide awake and bored... little did u know... from ferndog's bio... "Earned teaching credentials from the University of Zaragoaza, Spain and an MS in Technology and Chemistry of Industrial Edible Oils and Fats." suddenly i feel unbored... that must have been the most pointless education EVER... i remember him telling me about working in a lab testing vegetable oil... now it makes sense... weird as fuck

 jessie ur right... damn my karma... alright, i can't sleep cause this is bugging me... AP bio students chime in plz, i hope i can write this simply enough so other ppl aren't reading greek So certain bacteria infections develop immunities to antibiotics (tuberculosis is one of those infections that has developed near immunity to antibiotics, in Russian prisons at least). That developed immunity is in the DNA of the bacteria. So, theoretically, one could isolate the immunity DNA sequence and create a second specialized sequence of DNA that would disrupt its function. This disruption DNA could be sent into the immune bacteria via a plasmid and obliterate the bacteria's immunity, allowing cheap antibiotics to function once again. Similar results could come from some mechanism of methylating (disabling) the immunity DNA of the bacteria. Make sense? Plausible? Done before? Jason? Carlie? Maggie? Looking at some abstracts of research, and it seems like methylation is being tried now.

 ah! ryan! (and billy if you're still alive) remeber what we said in journalism when we were talking about feb.? "It's the month of HELL"... it must really be true...heh

 haha, good call ryan... while i see all of your points very much so, here are my thoughts. 1.first and foremeost would be jess's b.day...after that's figured out though 2. I WANT TO GO TO THE BEACH. my parents could probabaly drive us. and i have an urge to go because for the rest of the week i am being severely tortured by taking a "family road trip" to go see colleges. i think 'm going to puke just typing about it. therefore i think we should have some sort of sane social activity before i go. note: i have checked the weather, and it will indeed be decent in santa cruz on saturday....

 wow. february is not the month of love at ALL. Billy's got bronchitis, dad's got tendonitis, mom's sick like me, sis is getting sick, and my cuz is in the hospital for meningitis. whoohoo... go st. valentine

 * i sense a skeptic among us *

 hmm...i'm personally against doing laser tagging on fri because as carlie said, it will be a MESS getting down there with all the friday traffic (that may not affect you, but some of us actually have to drive it)...laser tagging is open until 2am, but we all have to be back by 12, so that means heading home around 11 or before if we stay in morgon hill that long and as maggie said, this all depends on jessica's birthday.

 shit i just published, and like, all of us posted all at once.... freak-ay... oh, and for all you aim users, check my profile and im me with a good guess.

 all these ideas sound wonderful... hell, cause they're actually ideas for once! haha... anyway, all sounds good, but jessica was also talking about wanting to have her bday shindig on saturday... i'm pretty sure she meant this saturday, but i don't know, i think we should check with her to clarify first, before we make any plans. or, i suppose we can laser tag or boardwalk or whatever for her birthday too. personally, i think going to the beach sat. would be loads of fun, and friday would be a good day to laser tag, although i might not be able to do stuff friday cause my mom is making me help out at work. =/ if we do go to the beach, it would be hard to get rides, but i suggest ocean beach along highway 1? i think, up sort of by SF.... okay, so it's like right next to SF, but whatever... it's by the zoo. yes definitely, we need to go to the zoo and see all the pretty llamas. hooray for llamas! okay, well adieu until tomorrow...

 i'd go sunday a little later in the evening. i kinda am hearing that the weather's supposed to get a little nasty or somthing, but it'd still be worth it. VAL!!! BEST OF LUCK!!!! kick some audition ass! ok, here's a bigger announcement: because of my father's sporadic computer doings, i have had to change my screen name. it is now cabala42 don't ask about the name unless you're bored ;) but yeah. my email is still the same as before, just new screen name. man, new screen name and new cell number... it's like i'm a new girl or somthing... haha, sorry, just had a frappachino.... =high on caffine....= i have no idea what in the fuck i'm talking about. but cabala42 really is my screenname now. really.

 what about a second trip sunday? jenny couldn't really go sunday and she wanted to go and i'm gonna go sat... i'll go sunday too if there are ppl who want to go

 awww, lucky billy. i just heard about The Producers being in San Fran again today in tech theatre. you're seeing the one with martin short, right? but yeah, that should be totally awesomeness, you goddamn rat bastard. ~_^ damn you too, ryan, since i can't go on saturday, and the weather has been soooo niiiicce, and i've wanted to go to the beach soooo badly and stuff...dammit all to hell. and even if it rained at the beach, that'd still be awesomeness, but anyways, yeah, val can't go. poopers. aaaaahhhh, wish me luck for tomorrow you guys, i'm gonna audition for Our Town, and i'm dragging marisa along with me, hehehe.

 Count me out on Saturday. I am going to the theatre in San Fran. It is the PRODUCERS. I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR OVER A YEAR. I know a day @ the beach would be sick, but I wouldn't give up the PRODUCERS for anything. Have fun without me. BTW, are you guys going swimming or hanging out on the wharf/boardwalk?

 aww.... i have to go be a church girl....shit...ah, cest la vie. bring back some ocean water for me ;)

 NEXT SATURDAY: THE BEACH~!~!~! Jenny and I are definetely going to Santa Cruz next Saturday... full day thing from dawn to dusk. Everyone get into a party mood Saturday if you want to come... it's gonna be a blast.

 yo. list of things to avoid: 1) pro war protests with scantly clad women 2) 8th graders flying kites 3) married women surfing 4) the bottle 5) nipples (and their rings) GO SEGWAYS!!

 Seriously, I hate Ms. Burnside

 hehe, the astro jump just arrived and its halarious. hehe, its powerpuff girls. hehe

 homework? on a saturday? never!! anyway, i hope you guys all had fun today, i went to the beach today and it was exquisite . so fucking pretty. i wish i had had a camera. oh well.... if the rides are available, then i say we go to the beach next week after SATs.... you know, sort of like a pat on the back. but more than that. yeah. okay, well off for some more fun stuff.... i hope the band concert @ prospect is good and i hope that carlie is able to deal with her dishes and that marissa/aimee have a good bday bash... mucho amour....

 sigh, so much homework, so little time. hee-haw

 So bored, we need/must do something

 it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood...

 Hey everyone- I finished my weekend chores so I can go out today, being SATURDAY of course! The weather's warm, the world is wonderful, let's all get together and have a ball. Billy says to call him if we do something; so LET'S!

 finally! beth and my sat class is finally done with! whoo hoo! i am also going to the band concert at prospect tomorrow

 hmmm... the evening was weird. anyway, sorry to those of you whom i ditched rather quickly... it was a good thing i had told my parents where i really was, otherwise they would have driven there, i wouldn't have been there, and boy, what a mess that would be. but yeah, it was really random, they're like, we're going out for dessert and drinks, and really... i can't say no to a good cocktail or two. anyway, have fun with all your endeavors tomorrow people, i'll be out in sf for the day. catch ya'll lates...

 Billy- I'm sorry for being a bitch tonight during capture the flag. I just got carried away and turned nasty. And boy, do I know it. I really do feel bad. I ruined the game; I ruined everyone's spirits. Sorry. oh i dont know i am so sleepy right now and yet hungry...

 carlita: lo siento, i cannot make it to the party because on sunday is the band performance at prospect, so i must go to that and support marisa. but happy birthday to marissa and aimee jason: buen trabajas!!! aww, little jason is growing up so fast....it brings tears to my eyes....~_^ hehehe, but really, good job, jason. and yeah, i wouldn't really worry about pushing the guy. we all fight dirty. look at me, i trip other girls with my hockey stick when i'm on the ground, but it's all good, because they stomp on my arms and legs. so yeah, yay for jason for fighting dirty and doing good good!!! ^_^ aww, have fun tomorrow, everyone, with whatever it is you do. wish i could come, but yeah, oh well. as long as billy loses, then it'll all be good. ~_^ mwuahahaha..

 yes, i am down for shizzle tomorrow, whatever it may be. this may be a slight change of plans, but sushi has been brought up, so that's not completely out of the question either... jason, i've already told you millions of times before, good job..... is your hyperactivity wearing off yet? jessie, get better, like right now... uh... i want spring break to come, like right now... and yeah.... just chillin' out with nothing to do, blinded by white lights.... ahhh, i have a case of the ennuis....

 Hey Guys, whats going on right after school tomorrow, i wanna do hella shit since I can drive people now! Hey, Marissa, Aimee, and Kris, got into Berkley, go them!!! Also, who is coming to Marissa and Aimee's Party on Sunday at 4L00 pm a mi casa, i need to know, i need to know, tell me baby girl cause i need to know! Yes! party at mandy's cabin for spring break! count me in! Jason is a crack whore, maggie, don't spread thoes kinds of rumors! hehe, just kidding, i was trying to invent a conversation there! well, adios for now! cherio

 yey jason! i congradulate you on your brutality, your writing skills, and your general running sucsess... go bruins. heh.

 good job jason! you have to defend your lane!

 spring break is april 14-18 (not including the weekends)

 Congrats Jason... And to tell you the truth, that last blog of yours was relatively interesting to read. Nice job, I was compelled to read! What the hell is happening? Jason was interesting!

 i'm in a good mood after three quite exciting races...so i'll relate what was probably the most interesting races i've run in... Mile: i'm doing good, i'm in 3rd when i pass andy, who i tell specifically to hold off the lincoln guy tailing us...andy dies and can't hold him off, so i lose in the end sprint by less than 1/2 a step because i glanced back once. too bad andy could buy me another 1/2 second...but i beat andy, so that's good...but since i lost by so little, i was pretty annoyed, so i walked up to campbell and said "i'm annoyed, so i'm going to run the 1/2 mile" 1/2 Mile: i'm once again doing good, in 3rd in the last straight sprinting against this guy...i'm in lane 1, he's in lane 2. then he breaks my 1st rule: do NOT EVER cut me off, especially when it's the last straight when you're not allowed to change lanes...so (and i really didn't mean to do this at all) the back of my hand glances off him, and he goes flying out into lane 4...i beat him, he's disqualified for cutting me off...then the lincoln coach comes up, and i end up getting disqualified for pushing him. our sprint coach said it was a bad call since i was defending my lane, but no one else cared much...campbell found it quite humorous, all the other branham runners were congradulating me, and quinn shook my hand when i told him the story...but i wasn't annoyed anymore, so it was worth it. my dad has never gotten disqualified, by the way. and my mom was annoyed that i'd pushed the guy, but i don't care. 2 mile: i was worried about the guy who beat me in the mile, so me and andy started off really fast and he dropped back to run with adam...i held on to andy until lap 7, when i ran out of energy...we'd been talking most of the way. so i got 2nd in the 2mile ok, end of story...i'm happy

 jessie: that is very much okay for you to miss it, you need to get better!!! no mas enfermo!!! hehehe, but yeah, just tell me what you have to do, and i'll take care of it. it'll give me more stuff to do, since i'm obviously sooo busy ((sarcasm, sarcasm)) ((i have all the stuff ready for people like 4 songs in advance 'cuz i'm that bored)) ((but anyways)) yeah, don't worry, jessie. aww, i guess this means i'm gonna have to find a new partner in tech theatre. no more dressing me up like a whore....~_^ aw, fun stuff. mandy: i said it before, but yes, i can do an excursion over spring break. when is spring break, anyways?

 shut up. i'm sick. really. i'm not shitting. haha, sick to the point that my mom's making me wash my hands both before and after i use the computer... not to mention wipe down the keyboard when i'm done.... haha, oh you wish i was joking..... ok, here we go with responses: val: yes, the play.. you know how i said i wouldn't be there friday? looks like i won't be there tomorrow either.. well, i'll stop by before hand to show people what to do and when, but that's about all i'm gonna be able to do.. not to mention that smith will kick me out for the "not there for 2 of three periods" rule... so yeah, i will bestow my "retrieve the nasty sweaty leather jacket" job to you...hehe. yes. i love you that much. ;) billy: aww, man, i bet sean had a cow again huh? well, basically my situation consisted of the yearbook nazis (i love you maggie and carlie....haha) were holding both of the cameras hostage on monday and tuesday, and my camera is kinda out of the picture (no pun intended) right now. so yeah, my advice? um, hell, i don't know. have either heather or bell take the pictures whenever they can... sean's probably gonna complain that we missed this week's x-box club meeting. cest la vie. tell him to find out who the winners are, pull them out of class and wither do head shots or stage it. and kristens... wait, ok, sorry, my sickness is overwhelming me, and i can't rememeber what her article was... i don't knwow. call or write me or somthing... oh and by the way, did anyone ever attempt to teach that girl to write or what? i mean, she's a really pleasent person, so i feel bad saying things about her writing abilities.. or lack there of.. but yeah. manday:yeah, and outing would be quite lovely. i have to be here for easter. we're having a easter sunrise rock service at my church that's going to be a little too kick ass to miss.. ryan: ok, first off, it's about time you got that thing out of your foot. haha, you know, people ususally don't leave sharp dangerous objects in their feet while they go about their daily lives.. weirdo...haha... and yeah, i really am sick. that positive sounding thing.. yeah, it's called optimism. more than can be said for you and your gonad fucking ways... ;) did i mention i'm going slightly insane locked up in my house all day.. i mean, you guys know that i'mnot one that's much for just sitting.. ugh.. i even started to think what would happen if i was like the lady in the yellow walpaper , but i only got as far as the though of me trying to rip down those damn sltted mirror in the living room before i just got too freaked out. thank god...

 Yo. I got the glass out of my foot today... took 4 hours!! The doc stuck a freakin 2 inch needle into my poor foot and the whole damn thing went numb. Then she fiddled with her blade for 20 min and said she couldn't find the glass so she called in other doctors. I thought I would never be able to walk again cause I'd have glass in my foot for my whole life. But, while the docs were coming, I looked at my foot. SHE HAD CUT UP THE WRONG SIDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GRR So, in went another 2 inch needle and 10 minutes later out came the damn glass shard. Thankfully, she was a swimmer in high school, otherwise I would have turned the damn blade on her fuckin foot. You know, I talked ot Jessie on the phone twice today... both times she sounded positively jovial... I think she's just trying to avoid homework..... :)

 ANYONE ELSE UP FOR AN EXCURSION DURING SPRING BREAK? IT'LL PROBABLY BE DURING THE LATTER OF THE WEEK DUE TO THE PEOPLE WHO HAVE ALREADY BROUGHT TO MY ATTENTION THAT THEY WON'T BE AROUND AT THE BEGINNING. WELL, I'LL GIVE MORE DETAILS SOON. (sorry for all of the capitalizing)

 cool hand luke... good times, good times.

 wow, the past few postings seem to be quite chock full of idiotic tendencies. (excluding val's entry...) ryan, do you really want to be fucked in the gonads? i mean, come on, you asked for it twice.... the party was at my house yesterday with cool hand luke and lucille... oh yeah...

 Oh my god! I want to cite a sentence from a certain someone's journalsim article: Students in Foods 2 are seniors and juniors who took Foods 1 last year. AAAAHHHH! That is the stupidest and most obvious thing I have ever heard before! The perpetrator of that sentence is none other than... *ominous music* KRISTEN STEFFICK! What a moron. Seriously, I feel so bad for her because the other day she asked me what an outline was... I nearly shit a brick. Oh well, those are the shit-kickers I have to deal with in Journalism. I don't mean to bring work into Blogger, but Jessie, I must know! I have three photos that I need done. Sean's, Susan's, and Kristen's. I know Sean and Kristen have submitted requests to you, what is the status on that? As far as Kristen's go, don't worry about it. We have pictures from Ms. Benson. GET BETTER JESSIE and don't do drugs (i doubt it will help)

 does anyone know who Mrpoopysfunhouse is?? that's the AOL IM sn. Mrpoopysfunhouse: Wanna duel on YVD? Krilithegoblin66: on what? Krilithegoblin66: what's yvd?? Mrpoopysfunhouse: nevermnind Krilithegoblin66: fine and that was the extent of our conversation. jessie, so sorry about the sickness. and i don't have input on what you guys do on friday 'cuz i'll be working at the play...so yeah

 ouch that bites ass jessie.... my athiest prayers are with you ugh. i just spent 2 hours watching a movie with tracey kirnan and natalie fuck me in the fuckin gonads... i have a bad feeling those are the smarter ppl of the popular crowd... tracey had troubles figuring out which was bigger: a kilocal or a cal. fuck me in the gonads. god save our country

 heal soon jessie! :)

 i feel like crap. haha, just wanted to state that. i really didn't skip selfridges because of my project. i sooo had it done by midnight last night.. it was great. but now i'm waaay down w/ the sickness....check ya later

 capture the flag: sounds good, me and kassovic need to be back so we can go skiing on saturday. anywhere is fine, just make it after 5-ish because i think we're going to villa for practice, and i really want to go

 I say Friday dinner and park-game sounds great!! Brian said he wants to also. Billy- I think Houge would be fine, we've been there countless time late at night; the worst they can do is ask us to leave and Brian's house is right there so it's not a big deal or anything, seriously. I wouldn't worry about it. yay, everyone play hardcore style, dressing in black! Yesssuh!! Bring your shovles and pulleys, waha!

 okay, i have done nothing as far as homework is concerned. (this gives you a hint as to what the answer to that question on my quiz might be.) anyway, as far as break goes, i am going to vegas/arizona from sat-tues and i would like to be in town thursday evening for a particularly good acoustic set, but i can miss that depending on what goes down. preferably, anything that fri-sun would be good, but yeah, we'll see. as for capture the flag, that sounds fun. i got my new shoes today! yay!

 Are we doing all out capture the flag on Friday/Saturday? I was told about it and I really think we should do it because I got Cortland and John to join in the fray! Please, reply to this blog and tell me preferrable times, days, etc. I was thinking that after school on Friday we could go home then all go out to dinner and then go play capture the flag at a park... We could do it @ hogue, but I and a few other people ran into a few problems with late nights @ Hogue. Ferrell said that we could go to McGlincey (I don't care if it is spelled wrong, you'll all get it). Whatever! Just tell me because I really want to do this shizzle. Murda and back to the freakin' product... I hope it doesn't take me too long *sigh*

 mwuahahaha, level 19 on trogdor....

 hell yeah, i'm totally up for something during spring break, and it really doesn't matter when. at least, i don't think so....might have field hockey on the weekend, but that's it. so yeah, as long as we go somewhere during the week, i'm totally up for an excursion, hehehe. ^_^ fun fun and yeah, good job kasso!!!!! ^_^

 excursion: i'm gone mon-wed, other than that i'm fine. there are a few others gone in the first part of the week too

 congrats to kasso! i'm all for the bonfire! (except for the extreme fear of fire) N E ways... i'm doing a survey: who all is available to go on a little excursion during spring break? i'll release more details later! whoo hoo! and by then career project crap will be long gone! well, onwards to homework time! ergggggggggggggggggggggggggggg!

 even though everyone knows...I PASSED MY DRIVERS TEST yay....i can now leave paul home in the morning so he has to ride his bike to school MUAHAHAHHA...

 LEVEL 16 ON TROGDOR!!!!!!!!

 i say we all have a big bonfire after we get the career projects back and burn them all to the ground. i just finished my career project, so yeah, billy, i was actually working, haha. nine pages of crap, but hey, it's okay, as long as i get a C or higher on it, then i'm happy. i like the presentation part better, anyways, so yeah. good luck to y'all on your projects and other stuff and junk.

 the immoral concert was moral in oh-so-many ways. thank goodness for a lack of patrick... heh. anyway, today is a blah day outside, contrary to the lovely weather we had yesterday. it's almost like the weather is beckoning you to stay indoors to do your homework... well, i won't give in! i am out and about in two hours or so... anyway, happy saturday everybody. off to BURNINATE some villages! woo hoo...

 Val: Thanks for explainign Trogdor, it sounds... Sorta good? :/ Everybody: Is everyone seriously doing the project? Or homework? This is seriously unlike this shizzling group! I am proud of us, a little... How was that immoral concert? Did Patrick show up and make the place even worse?

 k, i'm working on my career project, but anyways... billy, have you ever been to homestarrunner.com????? trogdor is "Trogdor the Burninator," this dragon thing that Strong Bad drew. and so in the new Strong Bad e-mail, they're playing the Trogdor arcade game, and then at the end of the animation it lets you play the game, so i've gotten addicted to playing the Trogdor game. you're Trogdor, and you go around smashing these peasants, and when you smash 10 of them, then you acheive "burnination," and you have to go around burning down all the cottages. but you have to watch out for the knights and archers, 'cuz they can kill you. but yeah, that's basically it. urlLink play it, it's fun fun. okay, back to the grudge of the project....

 What is Trogdor?

 HOLY SHIT, I GOT TO LEVEL 13 ON TROGDOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 I GOT TO LEVEL 10 ON TROGDOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ^_^

 Hey, guys. I'm up at 5:30 to be off to Lemore, yay. So, what happened tonight (being friday). Did you guys have fun with out my presense? I hope not..j/k; whatev! Well, so wanted to wish you guys a fun weekend and good luck on your JuCarProj, cause I know I will have fun doing mine. I'm still gonna have internet connection cause i'm bringing my dad's laptop so feel free to email (carlieisasexymofo@carlie.us) or write to me on blogger as I will be relating to you the results of my games. Maggie, Jenny, Laura: I hope you have fun at your show! Jason, Kasso: I hope you have fun in Gilroy Kasso: Did she get her license; i swore I saw the kasso truck in teh parking lot when I passed by branham on the way back from dinner Beth: Will you be the kind lady that I'm seein'? Val: He was a sk8trboi said see you later boi...(hehe) Ryan: how did swim go Billy: Damn it feels good to back up in your ass with a resurection! Mandy: I like mandy..duhduhduh-duhduh...I like mandy... Jessie: I wanna fuck you like an animal! I wanna hump your leg! Adios all, and to all a good night!

 You know what... I like Time by Pink Floyd. It is a good song, a long one, but a good one!

 Sigh, more homework and I can't even do anything with you guys on friday or this whole weekend. Damn soccer tournament. Why can't it be next weekend, then I wouldn't have to worry about this dumb ass Junior Career Project. It should die, die and go to hell. I hope you guys have fun this weekend. I'll be in beautiful Lemore . For thoes of you guys that don't know where that wonderful deffinatley cowless town is, its about 1/2 way to LA. If you know where Harris Ranch is, its 30 miles past that. SIgh. If I come back smelling like cows, its not my fault. And friday is Marissa's 18th B-day! Yay! Happy b-day, which is why I can't go out with you guys. (Speaking of harris ranch, marissa wants to go to dinner at Stuart Andersons so if any of you guys want to pop in or something...) Yeah, well, so cheer on my team, if we get far I'll probably be in some far off town next weekent to. I hope not cause thats when Aimee and Marissa are having a joint birthday party, a mi casa, AND YOU ARE ALL INVITIED!!! The only requirement is that you have to buy them both presents. So, i am not sure on the time but there will be hella food and hella people,so come on down!

 When are we seeing the musical? and what the hell are we doing this weekend?

 hey, y'all need to come see the musical this weekend, or next weekend if not this weekend then. i won't be able to do stuff at night 'cuz of the play, but maybe after the play, if there's still time, so yeah, fun fun. hey, what was said at the A.P meeting?? i had to miss it 'cuz of rehearsal, but yeah. oh well, i'm going to wally's tomorrow anyways to see if i need some forms or other random crap. yeah...i haven't been to starbucks in a while, need to go sometime. and i need to get rid of this goddamn cone at my house. people who haven't had lil' bucky, beware....mwuahahahaha.... oh, and one last thing - I GOT TO LEVEL 9 ON THE TROGDOR GAME!!!! WHOOO-HOOOO!!!!

 yeah, me, jason, carlie and laura were held hostage by butch cassidy and the sundance kid for quite a while... anyway... i am tired of all this war shizzle even if it has just started. i can't stand to watch the news, i can't stand to turn on the tv or listen to people talk about it on the radio... it annoys me all very greatly... there was some shizzat about heightened police security and i'm thinking to myself, gee i wonder what color alert we are on now.... seriously, since when does the govt tell us how much to be timorous? my sister just told me she was paranoid, and that all of a sudden, she doesn't feel safe anymore. who the fuck has the authority to take away her sense of security? it's war; people are allowed to overreact, but crikey, the media is driving me insane by making us more afraid than we really need to be. this is just my opinion - agree or disagree.... i just wanted to get some shit off my chest because world events are just driving me crazy at the moment... until that day... um. don't watch butch cassidy and the sundance kid unless you really dig kinky bicycle scenes that aren't even really that kinky. yeah. good night all.

 yo yo. i don't really have much to say, i just thought i'd get billy to calm down already... man, has it been a hell of a day...

 WHAT THE FUCK! I GO OUT TO DINNER, COME HOME, LISTEN TO WAR SHIZZLE, AND STILL NO RESPONSES? YIKES! HOPEFULLY YOU ALL DIDN'T GET DRAFTED OUR ATTACKED BY HUSSEIN...

 shizzle me

 Oh no, Bush speaks in 6 minutes... WE MIGHT GO TO WAR!

 Where the hell is everybody? Oh, by the way... what are we doing Saturday night? I might have stuff to do till about 7:30-8:00Pm... Please tell me we are doing something, please?! I will need some break from the Millenium Project. Maybe an eating contest? HEH HEH HEH, I might win this one (maybe). Or maybe we could just... I don't know, light my farts on fire? or not? let's just say this, let's not get almost arrested by the cops. And can we invite Pink pants Brian? He is a good fellow and I like his house. WORD to my hoes in every area code.

 Tennis is tenis... Nothing good happens @ tennis, I get put on JV and I usually just eat crap and watch people play. Hopefully, on Thursday I can beat Phillip Deem and take his god damn spot, oh shit... Water boiling... BRB *fixes shizzle* I was making cup o noodle and my water was done, yeah, can't wait to eat it! I doubt I will be able to do a lot of stuff this weekend. I have to do Millneium Project, work, HW, and religious group meeting... So depressing. Actually, I can probably do stuff @ night, SWEET! Oh well, I'm gonna go eat now, but what is the due date of our Millenium projects for 3rd period with Burnside? Tuesday? I can't remember. FUCK DA POLICE, ESP. THE ONES WHO ALMOST ARRESTED US! j/k?

 erg! erg! erg! billy: how was tennis? carlie: whoo hoo legal-ness! badminton peeps: we kicked some serious prospect be-hind! grr! everyone: ahhh! homework! it's attacking me! ahhh!

 "you are a carcinogenic slut who loves to grow octopi." yes, i do believe that describes me quite perfectly. and yay.......... 60 pages of bio......... sigh. the party stops here.

 YAY for Carlie!! *busts out party poppers and tequila* DUDE you guys I have NO homework tonight!! YESSSSSSUUUUHHH!!! If you are free gimme a ring perhaphs.

 i got "you are a pathetic hooch who likes to infect cunts" and a whole lot of worse sentences... http://members.shaw.ca/wpgclan/whatyouare.htm

 yay for carlie and being legal! congrats!

 I'm so bored and I really don't want to do my homework. How is everyone doing? I hope Jason is feeling better and will be able to return to school tomorrow. I think everyone should come to the badminton game tomorrow because we are going to kick some major Prospect arse. Well, I hope everyone thoroughly enjoyed their st. patrick's day! Off to do the every growing pile of homework- peace out my homies.

 okay guys, in 4 hours i have my six months! yay, i can drive val to school legally tomorrow!

 top of the st. pat's day to ye.

 i like it up the acronym fool. angle-side-side... it's okay if ya'll don't know what i am talking about. i don't think i do either. hooray for rasberry mocha and humpable seats. good night folks.

 Yes, it was orgy-licious. We screwed with someone but not in a pleasureable way. We tried to look for you guys, we went to that pool place by Ryan's house, on Bascom. I guess you guys weren't there. After that we drove over to Billy's thinking that you guys would be there but no dice. Then we drove down a random street and ended up over kinda by the Capitol Expressway Auto Mall. Then we went back to Jason's house, and that's where the screwing began. We were eating grapes and popcorn and were under Jason's screen names and we started messing with Val and now lets just say that we are profusely apoligizing to Val. Note to others: If you ever want to mess with someone on line, stray away from Val. (Sorry again Val) So we did that for like 2 hours. I almost fell asleep on his floor.::Sigh:: Then we went home. Fun filled but atleast we almost didn't get arrested ::cough, Ryan, cough:: Oh, but early that night Jason did roll through a stop sign with a police car right behind him. Sadly, he wasn't pulled over. That would have made it a night to remember. Two run-ins witht he po-lice for some of you guys. Fuck the po-lice and all that ass-gouda. Damn millenium project. It should die, die and go to hell. On a slightly senile note: remember that Dolphin's Cry song from hella days ago? I'm so hella listening to it now. F that S and ass-cheese on both sides of the bagle good night!

 what happened to you guys? you guys being jason carlie and susan. we've spilled our story... so no lies from you. come on, admit it. there was an orgy. just tell me. hehe

 Well... last night, oh jeez, just... *shudders* We picked up Billy and went to the billiards where Jessie and Jenny where, Ryan hit on some girls and it turned out Jenny knew one of their boyfriends as the ugliest guy in the world. Heh, umm, we went to Maggie's to suprise her, but she wasn't home. We went to Brian's and ate and talked about stuff, and THEN we went to the park where Billy and Ryan proceeded to attempt to light their farts on fire. Unfortunately, neither of them got a good one saved up, and it got cold so we met up with Jessie and all 6 of us sat in her Jeep in the parking lot. At this point, we were all uncomfortably shoved in the Jeep as it was chilly outside, with a very gaseous Billy. Not a good combination. To make matters worse, two cop cars pulled up and stopped these 2 guys that were there, and gave them drug tests, etcetera. We just sat in the car, because we didn't want to look like we were escaping, but we couldn't have Jessie drive us without her 6 months. So finally, we start getting out, but they tell us to stay inside the car. A third cap pulls up, and this whole time we are like "well we aren't doing anything wrong" but we are all thinking of scenarios and bad situations and where to put the matches and things. So the cop comes up to the window and all he asks is if we know anything about the 2 guys and if they broke into the school and whatnot. It was a amiable conversation except when one of them asks "None of you guys are runaways from the school, are you?" and Ryan says a joke about running away, and at first they thought he really was an escapee. It was quite eventful. I'll never forget that one...

 Hey, what did you guys do last night after you picked up Billy. We never heard from you again and thought maybe that you had been stolen or raped or shot at or had shot up or had...oh, all the horrible possibilities! damn

 laura, you have a C+?? *shun shun shun shun shun* haha, you know i am jay-kay-ing. maybe it's best not to joke about those things anymore? heh. yay for my C+ in history! wah hoo!

 You don't have to read or reply to the following, this is just a pondering me: haha, I don't know about you all, but most of my class grades are on edline, and they are REALLY fucked up!! Here is what I mean: In english, she has only graded TWO vocab packets. Okay, so I have a hundred percent, just like everybody else. But still, that's really lame. In Spanish, we have a total of 3 grades, one of which is a quiz I forget we had and ended up with a D on. So now I have a 79%. And it's still a goddamn C+, harumph! Why can't she include my project in it; that so would've given me at least a B. Oh well. Funny thing is, the rest of my grades are fine and well, yay, just those two are completely off the spectrum. Damn teachers never grading their shizzle. Oh, and in my history grade, it doesn't show that he graded the newest essay. Just the quizes he handed back. Annoying how even though I got no less than a B on the last 3, my grade stayed almost exactly the same. I'm not asking anyone to contribute their grades or anything, but I was just rather dissappointed that the grades right now are no where near a good evaluation of our learning, since that is what they should be. Makes me tsk tsk a bunch.

 ooh yey for laura!!! ah, and poor val. i was wonderin where you were in tech today. didn't miss much. VERY unproductive but extremely entertaining class. we discussed the vagina monologues to start with, so yeah, that set the tone. let's just say that after today, the new kid is almost scarred to perfection...muahaha....ask me about the gay statements later.. oy..haha yes, tomorrow i have rehersal until 2.30... so i'll meet up with yall after. So keep yer cells on!!

 so that's what the white stuff on my pants is!! your cat's jizz!!! EWWW!! (thanks for not washing them by the way...) haha, jay-kay. yeah, i think i will be needing transportation tomorrow as well, but then again, don't i always... and i still have cravings for chili cheese fries too!

 Hey!! Yea, the Sean Biggerstaff thing makes today a sorrowful day in history. Jeez, we are talking about this like he died or something. Tomorrow: I need rides to whatever we are doing, sorry, nothing new, though. Heheh, but yes, let's do something!! Although planning may not be that effective seeing as though tomorrow's weather isn't trusty. But we can think of options!! Because you all know how much I love options. Oh yea, baby!! In case you are wondering, which you probably weren't but I figured I would tell you anyway, I am ecstatic at this very moment! My mom and I just went driving, and I did all well and everything. It was exciting! I dropped Maggie's pants off, went to Starbucks, etc. I was going to drop everyone else's clothing off, namely Jessie's numerous garments I happen to have in my posession, but unfortunately... my cat decided to dump over the bag onto the floor of which had dog hair on it. Now I wouldn't consider that clean, would you? Woooo I love you ALL!!

 Darn, no more sean biggerstaff, how will the world go on?

 Maggie, you are a sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad young person, may god have mercy on your soul. Val, get better! I am free only Saturday... Please, let's do something on Saturday, and by the way... This is ahead of time, JASON can I get a ride for whatever we are doing on Saturday?

 ahhh this is the worst news ever! actually, i can think of worse things, but this is pretty bad.... it's just so urlLink tragic ...

 hmm...plans for tomorrow: i'm free from maybe 1:00-10:00. and yes, get better val. the thing i hate about away meets is that they get done so late...i got home at 6:30. ok, now to get food.

 awwww.. get better val! cuevas gave me a dvd to give to you, but i haven't seen you at school, so i gave it to carlie to give to you in 7th period... and i don't think you were there!!! :( anyway, rest up and drink lots of soup. yum yum. oh and any plans for tomorrow?

 val is sick....muchas....dammit, i was gonna ask if someone would get my stuff out of my locker for me if i didn't show up at school, but yeah, kinda too late for that now....damn marisa for hogging the computer.....billy, i don't ever want to see you making sweet love to anything....hehehe, ~_^ fun fun...okay, not really....this sickness sucks....

 Word, I just watched an Ali G flick and I am bugged up with da blow so Ims gonna speak in de way ma main man, Ali G speaks it... You dig? Beth... It is Cortland's birthday this week... Also, he just told his mother that he wants to "not affiliate" himself with the Mormon church anymore. And for those who do not know about Cortland's mother should know this, she is a holy terror. Cortland has been going through some major crap and I feel it's my duty as a pal do what I am doing, sticking by his side. In addition, he (I mean I did it for him) confessed his love for Jessica Milton, and she told him that she liked Benton... I think that is horrible, but it makes me laugh so much. HA HA HA, call it one of those Burnside "twisted" humor incidents. Also, Last weekend I didn't hang out because of a Bar Mitzvah... This week I am not hanging out with the group during lunch because I don't want to... So what! And for the record... I am not angry. I am over it! Beth, you honestly read the conversation later than everyone else did and you can ask Laura and Maggie (I have no idea about Jason), I am not angry @ them. Beth, I will make sweet love with you if you ever give me a Dr. Laura moment again, guaranteed!

 haha...beth, you may have kicked off the Second Real Blogger War...and the Third Blogger War. in other news, i just finished my history essay, and i'm really proud of this one. and i'm tired, so i'm actually going to bed at a decent time tonight.

 Just as a warning this might come off as a little harsh -Just for the record- Billy, I think you are overreacting and I think you are making a big deal out of nothing. I understand that you are upset and you have every right to be upset, but I think you are using that as an excuse to blow us all off and i don't think it is fair. We've all been mad at each other so just get over it and move on. - I might regret this post later, but right now I'm slightly perturbed and in true Billy fashion i wanted to get this off of my chest

 "sell out with me, oh yeah sell out, with me tonight the record company is gonna give me lots of money and everything is going to be alright" okay, who wants to go with me to Jason's race on saturday morning at 11:25 at west valley? I'll drive.

 hey val, happy belated birthday to your padre!! jessie's dad's birthday was just last week too.... and my dad's birthday is this saturday! crazy, eh? march must be the month for fathers' birthdays or something.... 5 more days to st. patrick's day, the best holiday ever!

 hehehehehehe....i got kassovic to think it was hawaiian dress-up day....fun fun fun...^_^

 i am in class!

 WHOOO-HOOOO, HYPED UP FROM DDR!!!!!!!!!!!! ^_^ ^_^ NEED SOME ROCK STARS!!!!!!!!!! AND TODAY IS MY DADDY'S BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY DAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 jason, i don't ski. i sit in the lodge with people, read books, and socialize. skiing + me = somthing that would not be benificial to my physical or mental health. anyhow, i am going to stay home seeing as i forgot that i'm on crew for thew play... so i kinda have to be here whether i want to or not. which i do. uh, if that made sense... i want to go to beach. unfortunately, aol weather says that there's rain alll weekend. not sure about monday... yuck yuck.... ok, new thought than. if it's cold and rainy and we get bored, we can all come over to mi casa and light a fire in the fireplace and roast marshmellows and drink hot chocolate....hey, it's better than standing in the rain....

 Man, it is late, and I am up. I am doing English... and AP Bio... This blows, I am going to be up late tonight, way fucking late!

 um...you don't want to ski jessie?! how blasphamous! i'd go in your place if it weren't a youth group and if my skies weren't in the shop...actually, come to think of it, you skiing would be quite humorous.

 i bought the cutest underwear today!!! Well, actually, Maggie bought them for me, which we decided makes us more lesbian than ever... oh well.... but, thanks Mg, I'll pay you back....but give me *my* element name, Magnesium!!

 yeah, cars should be fine. i told mg that worst comes to worse, we can just get a little more cozy than usualin the stang. as long as someone doens't mind sitting stick...i am also totally at carlies before prom. girlyiness to the max mutha fucka. i'm in for egging, but i think i'd want to document instead of aparticipate on this one. a bonfire is also a total possibilioty, but we have to keep the possibility of rain in mind... cuase if it rains it's gonna be even harder to start a fire than it ever has, but if it's dry, it's cool. if it does rain, my house is open as a severe last resort (aka it's my prom night and i really don't want to speand any part of it at home, but if it's required that i pull for the team, i will. so the speak. hehe) and yey for mandy's potential vehicle! muchos coolos!

 fo sho, whoever wants to park their car by my house during the prom can fo sho, foo digity. Mandy sent me a link for her car...its hellsa nice! lets hellsa hope sue says, hellsyeah you can have the car of your dreams! and i don't know if its still available but jessie mentioned a bon fire at her house after prom so if you guys want to consider that option. ---> word to all, i think the cars will work out

 *spills a glass of milk* *cries* ho ho ho. so that was bad. anyway, egging sounds hellsa fun and so does pre-prom beautification, if that's what you could call it. i am down for that shizzle. oh and jessica just mentioned to me that she could not drive after prom, so there's that word up/down. anyway, i am happy today because of a) recognition and b) i just bit into sushi my mom made and this one has unagi!! yay!! *goes stir-crazy*

 it's been a while... well, brace yourselves... (or not, just don't spill any cups of water) i've found it, the car of my dreams ! it's a jeep wagoneer and it's in dublin and it's only $5750! and my parents are even seriously considering it, whoo hoo! well, more details to come...

 Hahaha, carlie you so funny, make me jiggle in my tum-tim-tummy. (ok that was a lame attempt at a rhyme) Hell yea i am coming to your pre-prom thingery... you can expect me sometime around 6-6.30, moreso on the earlier side. Additionaly, Carlie, is it ok if Brian drives to your house and leaves his car there since Jason is drving us in his car?? what else, what else... Oh yea, Egg Fight Information for those who have not heard it: Billy's idea (not taking credit for a cool idea that is not mine) is as follows: *wear clothes you dont care about getting dirty, cover yourself with a trashbag so as to provide somewhat shielding from stuff. *go to park (or whatever) and throw raw eggs at eachother, basically. COME ON you know it would be fun... ... and I mean, what better way to end an evening of being all pretty than something that doesn't require you to look your best? cause I am sure by then we will be out of Pretty-mode, hehe. Amber said she wants to do the egg fight thing too, cause we talked about it in crafts. hehehe. And Ryan and Billy are up for it. Me too, of course. Who else? Also... I am thinking staying for the ENTIRE prom is a little much, too, but i figure we will see when we get there. I mean, if it is really exciting, hell, i'd stick around, but if not, yea, i am leaving. Basically, i say, we leave it open to interpretation. (like the constitution!! haha)

 Seeing as my first post on this topic made such a big spash, I'd figure I'd post again, just to get the word out. Soooo... ---->PRE-PROM PAR-TAY A MI CASA!!! UM: I don't know if you guys want to get ready at my house or what, I have tons of bathrooms and counter space and beautifying materials, so whatever. So anytime between 5-7 are good times although if the prom starts at 7:30, i would assume showing up before 7 would be better since we'll need like pictures or whatever. I assume you'll need to be at my place anyways cause that's where all the rides are coming from so, yeah. I DON"T know what we are doing after Prom but there's been mention of an egg fight. So no matter what we do, bring a change of clothes. ANOTHER question, how long did you guys want to stay at prom? I dont' really care but 4 and 1/2 hours is hella, so, whatever, just wanted to bring that up AND LASTLY, don't forget your protection, cause I'm only bringing what I need, not enough for a group orgy. hehe. I'm gonna have lots or fun!

 hella coldplay!!!!!!!!!! ^_^ but i'm completely broke from prom ((well, taking money from my mom for prom)) so i dunno how i'd pay for it. but seeing coldplay would be supreme awesomeness. and i stayed home from school today because i'm EXTREMELY sore from field hockey all weekend. i've been popping pills all weekend and today to take away the pain, and it's not fun. and i wish i could've missed an A-day instead of a B-day, but yeah

 oh yes, to see, not to do.... right. well speaking of things to do, i mean see... who can forget creeper lagoon next month? not me. :) like a wrecking ball......

 Hella agree with all those things to do, or rather, people to see, Maggie. HELLA. Annnnd if I miss warped this year, Imma cry. Anyway, I'm in, how's about the rest of y'all?

 to do this summer and whatnot: see coldplay *cough cough* i bet carlie wants to see them too. :D warped tour! lollapalooza radiohead, since i imagine that they will tour after their new cd drops in june. red hot chili peppers, if and when they release west coast dates. yeah, i'm staying clear of the afi cult kids for a while...

 haha, val, did you stay home today just to play with duct tape? shame shame. hehe. but really, if you are sick or somthing, hope to see you back soon. hey, who wants to go see coldplay with me?

 My biznitch is the shiznat... What group has that lyric in one of their songs?

 eh, fucking b.

 .been working on duct tape flowers all day. *jason - your boutenneire is done, so just tell me if you want me to hold onto it for you, or if you want me to give it to you, or maybe i should give it to carlie, 'cuz it's kinda a traditional thing for a coule to pin the corsages/boutenneires on each other, but whatevers. *laura s. - does brian know that i'm making him a duct tape boutenneire?? i was thinking about that today, 'cuz i've made it, but yeah. i kinda want to let him see it before prom so as to get his opinion on it. and i know you told me to make his black with white outlining, but i don't want to put a ton of effort into outlining and then find out he doesn't like it and have to rip it all off. so yeah, uhm, when would it be possible for him to see it?? *carlie & laura s. - i haven't made the corsages just yet, i'm still developing a style for them, but i'll definately have them done before friday; most likely i'll have them done by wednesday, so yeah. *and i still need $5 from carlie, laura, & brian, but you can pay that whenevers. cereal sounds really good right now.

 Vincent: And you know what they call a... a... a Quarter Pounder with Cheese in Paris? Jules: They don't call it a Quarter Pounder with cheese? Vincent: No man, they got the metric system. They wouldn't know what the fuck a Quarter Pounder is. Jules: Then what do they call it? Vincent: They call it a "Royale" with cheese. Jules: A "Royale" with cheese! What do they call a Big Mac? Vincent: A Big Mac's a Big Mac, but they call it "le Big-Mac". Jules: "Le Big-Mac"! Ha ha ha ha! What do they call a Whopper? Vincent: I dunno, I didn't go into Burger King.

 no, you don't have a quorum and there will be no blogger fight. i don't start those, i just step in on them

 no no, no blogger fight shall commnce. you should all be worried about homework, not blog fights! shame on you! heh

 lol second that motion billy!! do we have a quorum?

 one question? is there gonna be another blogger fight? please say yes! I want to a spectator rather than a participant. LET THE BATTLE BEGIN!

 FUCKING A.

 lol thats a funny card... kinda R rated tho hehe CARNIES!!!

 pppppllllllllffffffffffffffooooooooooooooppppppppp. "santa's sack is full. yours would be too if it only came once a year." that was part of the entertainment with my field hockey team today. that's written inside a card. first part on outside, second part on inside, and i'm so godammn effin' tired that i'm gonna shut up 'cuz i don't know what i'm talking about.

 damn! censorship invades blogger... quick someone write teh article and jessie, we need a photo

 Haha, no, no one thought it was offensive and removed it, what happened was: Last night at Brian's house, Ryan logged in under his name to view the post and I posted my answer under his name, so yea. SO ONCE AGAIN... teef. the answer is teef.

 whoa... that was weird... it erased a post... blogger was being a really lady of the evening last ngiht if ya know what i mean. uh, no? ok, well i mean that it was working very oddly indeed. and now it's erasing posts....haha, unless maggie or laura decided that the answer "teef" was offensive? oh well. happy homework day.

 well... since no one has talked in a while, i'll fill the lull... my _ _ _ _ is itchy

 i am bored. out of my brain. being sick is the worst.

 spooky spooky!

 thank god for swimming... i'l lbe there early enough to steal those unmarked senior spaces :) on a less happy note... my stereo is being haunted. it changed stations once today and stopped playing a CD and change to the radio another time. and its randomly fast forwarding and reversing CDs. lord help me. i'm seriously getting scared.

 this just in: the carnival thing takes up like all of the parking lot (except the senior parking rows) so if you're driving to school tomorrow you should probably get there pretty early. word to the wise!

 billy, i think the second section is naturally going to be smaller than the first because it has less topics, one of which is only a simple date

 Okay, on the second section of the notebook, do you think it can be significantly smaller than the first part? I mean, like half a page or something? I'd appreciate any input

 Carlie, where did you get that quote? Did you remember it or did you get it from a website? tell me! I didn't realize the size of this project. But, in truth, it don't look that bad. Except, I didn't see the end of Cool Hand Luke... What happens to Luke?

 Ooo, the truth posters sound like awesomeness, i'd totally be up for that. dammit, i can't go on friday to see cowboy beebop...waaaaah....but my schedule is actually busy all weekend, so you guys go and see it, and have fun at the carnival and crap, and go make fun of brian and connor. it'll more fun than the time the hogs ate my brother!!! ~_^

 What now? Well let me tell you what now. I'm gonna call a couple of pipe-hittin' niggers, who'll go to work on homes here with a pair of pliers and a blow torch. Hear me talkin' hillbilly boy? I ain't through with you by a damn sight. I'm gonna get medieval on your ass. muhu maybe we should quote that on a poster and hang it at school

 Billy! Well! I personally am not working the carnival on friday, but let me tell you: i am working ALL of SATURDAY... So.. everyone come and visit me or soemthing? pretty, beautiful, gorgeous please? Also! Friday, Laura Kassovic was (hopefully) going to take some of us a) shoe and garter shopping and b) to the cowboy bebop movie!! I know at least Maggie, Valerie, Billy, and I think Jessica were interested, but I don't know about availability. If y'all wanna go, let's, yes! Whee....i'm excited! Tomorrow, it being Thursday: If you are really really bored or something, you should go to the Leigh fashion show, at their school, at 7. It helps their senior class and stuff.. and Brian and Conor are modeling the clothes... so we get to make fun of them onstage. =) Anyone want to go, if you do let me know becuase I can get 50% off tickets from my boyfriend. whoppe i suppose. By the way, in case you were thinking this was some serious fashion show thing, umm it's not, cause they are just models to make fun of it, and i suppose that's exactly how it will be. Heh, who knows. LET ME KNOW... about all things mentioned. danka!

 alright billy, when anyone says "wow, jessie, that was a really psyco thig to say" it's your fault cause you brought it up ;) i had this dream last night that me and these people did this totally undercover propaganda job on the school. it was hella truth dot com. signs everywhere with really blunt saying and statements abotu the school board and stuff. then at the bottom of them, there was the e.mail and phone number of dr. farber (ok, i admit, there were some anti farber signs...farber is the hitler of cuhsd...kill farber...etc. they were really funny actually, but i guess that's a little out of line.) anyway, i was thinking about it this morning, and i think it could be frickin awesome. i fdon't know how much it would do, but i'd get a kick of seeing it all up.. so you know, if you get kinda bored on a random school night, just let me know..heh.. ALSO: the district board meeting is on the FIRST OF MAY. i say we all at least show face there. also to billy, you mean friday probably, right? i can go in and otu or whatever as far as i know. i really don't know what my "carnival schedual" is, i'd have to see. but anytime your bored, just call me beep me if ya wanna reach me homes. i am so frickin sick right now...

 To tell you the truth. This work to rule this is retarded, but I really don't care. I know I should, but I don't. I mean, deep down I want teachers to get more benefits, more money, more respect, more etc. but this blows and there is nothing we can do! Ms. Burnside put it best: "you all are kids, they don't give a rat's ass about you all!" It is true, so brutally true that it blows harder than a large-mouthed porno star (I thought Ryan might have gotten a rise or a kick out of that one). I agree with Val that we should do something. I was thinking maybe we could do something really witty and cool and piss major people off (of course, all holic people). Also, let me get this straight... Tomorrow night, everyone is busy? The carnival is keeping everyone occupied? What the hell? When is everybody available to do stuff tomorrow? Right after school? After dinner? For dinner? Please, I don't want to sit home tomorrow and mastur---you didn't need to know that...

 val, that is totally cool. the only thing you are required to do is to have fun. if you don't, that is when we come to hunt you down. work to rule really does suck. no more updated edline! whatever will i do? jessie that is muy cool of you to shift dates and whatnot. i'm sure bio won't be that bad but you never can tell with the way the prich is preparing us... and yay for el carnival... i'm going to cry if it rains (well not really, but that would suck) but everyone come and get your face painted! ok, off to simmer down some more.

 lol yeah it does... my dad is up in arms over it... invited all school clubs to our house if they need parental supervision... that guy... i think he's gonna bomb CEA and district buildings... oh shit... i smell c4... gotta go stop him

 crapper dappers, i had to go back 25 posts to see what was going on...but anyways *billy, i wasn't offended. i was just explaining my point of view, that's all. ^_^ no apologies necessary ^WORK TO RULE SUCKS MAJOR ASS AND I THINK WE SHOULD ALL GO AND PROTEST IN FRONT OF THE DISTRICT OFFICE SOMETIME SOON *jessie, i'll be there for your birthday ((with the duct tape unmentionables and everything...mwuahahhaaha....)) *and this is one last thing that i wanted to make clear - okay, so I want to apologize in advance for not being able to hang out with everyone on prom night. I'm planning to practically stick with Tyler all night long since I'm his date, and since it's his senior prom, and only my junior prom and whatevers. So if his friends are having pre-prom fun fun, then I'll be with them, and then I'll be sitting at their table for dinner @ prom, and I'll be with Tyler and his friends at their after-prom party, assuming they're having one. I just think it's fair that I stay with Tyler and don't ditch him and stuff, so as to make his senior prom memorable and stuff & junk like that. I'll try and find y'all at prom and stuff, and maybe I'll see y'all on the dance floor, heheheeee. But yeah, I just wanted to say I'm sorry, and get my explanation crap all out so it didn't seem like I was ditching everyone. I hope everyone understands, but yeah, okay, i'm done. *did i mention that work to rule sucks major ass?

 no no no, no offenses at all billy, and i apologize for making you almost swear off your favorite past time. i don't know what i was thinking ;) ok, so i won't bore you with a full vent on this one. but shit. work to rule. has basically fucked my life over. fr/ all sides. end of story. mg? i'm glad you are nuetral.. i don't know why your are nuetral...hehe, but i guess it can't hurt... ah, maybe in the quest to have jason as a manslave? hmm, yes, maybe that. yeah, i'm totally feelin carlie's house before prom (literally. just wait and see. heh) . yeah sounds good... but after? hmm, we need somthing good. as long as it stops raining and all, i know we could always pull a bonfire here once everything closes cause it's late or whatev ...i would highly reccomend that we change out of our prom dresses before we subject the to flame, but whatever floats your boat... question: so (of course) i want to have a birthdya paty (may 10th for all ye forgetfull minds). my birthday is on a saturday, but i know that some of you guys have to pull the AP bio thing, and ryan has swim finals, so just because i love you ..heh... i think i'll move it. assuming that the play won't go up, then i can have it the next weekend. or maybe the next? i don't know. i need imput. my plan is to drain the pool and have a large sized celebration, but if anyone has other ideas, lemme know. and, by the way, this does not mean that you can forget about me on my birthday biotches. hehe. just cause it's befor the ap bio test doesn't mean that i'm going to spend the day at home with the parentals. and ryan, come on now, you know you liked every second of it. :)

 I am excited for the carnival, too!! I am psyched for our booth as well; i like dealing with unfamiliar people and drawing on their skin... unless it is nasty-ass acne all over and pothole skin... *koff koff* ANYWAY, I'll meet up with whoever at the carnival; I have a hair appointment at 9 or so anyway, so I won't get there until some time after 10, but yea. Grr I still wish the pie-ing thing was available. You know, if we get there and they AREN'T doing that, I am going to be pissed off cause that would have been so awesome. Hehehehe, Jason, you would look good with pie on your face, it could be your original fashion statement. Heheh. Billy- As far as dresses go, yea, it's just one of those superficial things to converse about that we all have in common. And of course you dont want to have the same dress. Also-- we went dress shopping and stuff together to get opinions about it... for instance, on a night when EVERYONE will probably look great, it is in the air to make yourself look your best, too. I personally can't tell when things look "just ok" or "pretty good" because my view is always warped. A second opinion is always nice. And... you gotta admit, it is in most girls' nature to discuss clothes I suppose. I know it is silly, but ... I openly admit I am superficial like that. By the way, no one was offended, I don't think. And neither am i. =)

 hmm...further clarification...i am no one's slave. and i temporarily claim one of those seats until after school tomorrow pending parking plans of my own

 ha, you liked it. don't even deny. i proclaim my neutrality now. a storm of some sort is brewing. i can feel it.

 hm ok... i walked out of swim practice today without pants on and with only my speedo and an undershirt. just as i walk out kirnan and tracey walk by and go "oh ryan!" and walk over to me and start ogling. then the whole cheer squad follows me. oh boy. won't be trying that again.

 i'm excited about the carnival, guys! but ya'll know that there is only senior parking open that day, right? so, if you want to drive over to my house that morning and have me and marissa give you a ride to school and then after school she can take you back to our house where your car will be waiting, there is currently 3 spots open, first ask, first serve. also, my mom said okay about my house pre-prom. i'm pretty sure we are eating at prom so don't worry about that. if you want to tottaly get ready (like hair, makeup, protection, etc) then thats cool, or if you want to just come and hang out, that's cool also! so yeah, i guess if the prom starts at 7:30(?) you can come any time like 5-7, and since thats a b day, I can do something after school if you want. so, yeah. ah, i like snow, and jason is my man-slave, not maggie's!

 billy, i for one had no problem with you asking that...it's something i didn't understand either and was afraid to ask, and you can see why from the result.

 Okay, let me say this: I was not trying to be a prick with my question. I was just curious! Now, I can't tell emotions with Blogger, but it seems as though all the females (and maybe even Jason) is resentful of my comment. It was not meant to offend, anyone! I was just curious as to why dresses are so important. Because, the way I saw this "dress connection" was more of a negative thing. You know, girls wearing specific dresses were made fun of, or praised, etc. I knew about this "no same dress rule", I have seen enough teen movie to know that. Jessie... Never compare Tchernio to you guys, that is sad. And never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, NEVER mention the words Masturbation and Tchernio in the same sentence (you scared me so much with that sentence, that I almost swore off jerking the gherkin)! PROM QUESTIONS: We are eating @ Prom right? I mean, do we wanna go out and eat before and skip the Prom dinner? How is the food by the way? If the food is good I don't mind going to prom for dancing and eating. Just curious. And what are we doing afterwards?

 sure jason... sure you aren't maggie's slave...heh, sorry, couldn't resist. billy, val is 100% right. it's not really about the dress, it's about the bonding. to the end of time, girls will have the urge to ask each other about clothes and boys constantlyu. it's a way of connecting. you know.. i mean, some guys talk about sports, guys like tchernio talk abotu masturbation... it's just a common ground to chat about.

 FARGO is hella good. Ya.

 just to make this clear: i am not maggie's slave

 Hey, Maggie, when is our wedding? ...maybe we should make a double wedding and have another couple marry, too. HMM heheh

 fuck it, i don't even have my dress yet. but this weekend i will. for now, it's invisible.... that's my long-winded description. the cabin was fun, i got harrassed in more ways than one, but oh well.... well billy think of it this way, think of what you did to me at kasso's, and yes that is what happened for the remainder of the evening.. i have bruises to prove it. i think we should see the cowboy bebop film this friday or something, maybe earlier on.... haha it just occurred to me all the people who want to see it will need rides. eh, that can be arranged. i have jason whipped for a week. (jk.) i forget what happens in dbz. hella days ago. i don't like rpg games. but i do like final fantasy 7. billy, who are you fucked by? eh? eh? i believe that is all. i have no homework. i can sleep. yay.

 billy, there's no real importance in knowing what a dress looks like, but the fact that we're interested in knowing what each other is gonna look like is another thing. and also you want to know what the others are wearing so you don't buy the same dress. i think it's pretty much okay for guys to wear the same suit because you don't really notice it ((erik shepherd and jason avila were wearing the same suit last year which was pretty funny, but yeah)), but obviously with girls it's more noticeable, and so you don't wanna feel like a copycat or whatever. you wanna be unique and stand out. but yeah, that's my 2 cents on it. i'd like to see cowboy bebop too!!! i have no idea what the series is about really, but i like anime, so i'm all for it. and cabinning was interesting, and amusing. jason loves snow. i made a transcendentalist snowman. ((Walden will live forever!!!!! ~_^)) and more fun stuff and junk happened, and it was the shiznay. or something like that. Mmm...popsicles.....

 Okay, I have been gone for the last zillion blog posting, so I am going to pull a Maggie (respond to multiple things) and then vacent... Girls: Seriously, what is the importance of knowing what a dress looks like? I don't mean to be... mean, but I just want to try and understand why it is so important? Jason: I pity your soul, because I'm sure that Anne will develop a crush for you, you know, you being in your tight suit and all. To All1: How was the cabbinning? oh and by the way, Ryan...did you enact our devilish plan? To All2: I want to see the Cowboy Bebop movie also, I like that show. Oh and by the way, what happens (in the DBZ series) once Bu is defeated and Goku goes to live with Ub? To All3: I like the snow also, I hate DBQs, and I love FinalFantasy9 (has anyone played that game?) To All4: So Cal was so murda, but I don't think I can get into any of the schools now... I am so fucked, so fucked Movie Advice: See The Big Lebowski, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, and Fargo

 my boss just stopped by, and apparently anne knight is going to be a lifeguard this year...o joy, at least i'm handling scheduling. carlie, which of marissa's friends is doing it as well?

 i got my dress! yay!

 hey! the dbq only took me 2 hours.... it was still a bitch to write though.

 sigh. it is 4 am and no one is around to distract me. =/

 i love snowmen. i don't have to do dbqs.

 i hate snowboarders. i love dbqs.

 i like snowboarders. i hate dbqs.

 i love snow

 DUDE i LOVE donnie darko!! Val you needa have a movie fest with us, we all gots the same movie interests, hehehe. Maggie we still need to see the cowboy bebop movie, BY THE BY. oh, what else... oh yea, New York = such an awesome place, we all should venture there someday, it would rock the casbah ten times harder than shareef likes it. Annnnd... i bought my prom dress too! muahahah! If you have been to Macy's and seen this pink dress, it's strapless and goes somewhat past the knees but not all the way, and the top has horizontal folds of tulle, and then below the waist is vertical folds, and it has a ribbon? well it's basically jsut like that, except periwinkle. I can't describe it without making it sound like a lampshade, but i swear it's not! Also, I think i saw Beth's dress but i wasn't sure... Beth, does your lace part have little polkadot type things on it?

 you've seen donnie darko too??!! duuude, frank the bunny is scary. would not want to meet him in a dark alley.

 how coincidental is it that easter also happens to lie on 4/20.... oh, 'tis a joyous holiday eh? anyway, happy easter everyone, godspeed on getting homework finished, and be careful not to get attacked by women dressed in bunny suits. or frank the bunny for that matter.

 Oh.... MY...GOODNESS... I have over a pge of blogger posts to read. *dies*

 tax refund! $47 that the government owed me! this is going to make the biggest difference in my life

 happy easter. i'm tired.

 welcome home boys and girls....

 maggie, i really should ban you from my car for a week for even thinking that...ok, packing time

 ahhhh just reading these last few posts put a bunch of random thoughts in my head, so here they are in some sort of order: *yeeha, i was the last person to take an illegal ride with jessie (and in the mutang too!) *val, i love spirited away.... ahhhh that movie is so wonderful, i watched it twice today, miyazaki is honestly a saint. *i actually really want to see ocean's 11 again so i can watch the movie and say hey! i went to those hotels this past weekend... when i came home the travel channel was doing a special on the venetian hotel and it was like, hey that place is familiar... heh heh... *mandy, you have the oddest assortment of movies and if we watch surf ninjas, then i am afraid i will have to judo chop you. i'll bring high fidelity though! ... clerks, anyone? *congrats to the new lovely prom couple.... remember that abstinence is the best form of protection available... anyway..... *i got my harry potter dvd too, the scenes are sorta sucky, but ahhhhhhh interviews with the biggerstaff!!! *swoons over scottish accents* *there is nothing wrong with snowboarding, kudos to jason's dad and brother... ok, well i am out like a person who um.... goes out.... night everyone and godspeed on the trip!! oh yes, new thought, if you haven't already, see the new christopher guest movie "a mighty wind" for some good laughs and fun times.... you'll be like.... "WHA' HAPPENED?" ho ho ho.

 only 3 minuites until i'm legal! driving wise anyhow..haha

 okay, i'm gonna be buying "spirited away" tomorrow, so i'll bring that with me, and OF COURSE i'm bringing Ocean's Eleven and The Wedding Singer. so yeah, and i'm too lazy to comment on anything else, so i'll see y'all on friday

 EVERYONE BRING VHS' CAUSE OUR DVD PLAYER WON'T WORK UP THERE and if you don't like my movies, then don't bother complaining! i love you all! i'm so excited! yay!

 whoo hoo! carlie and jason! ohh la la! side note: i just got my harry potter 2 dvd! 19 additional/extended scenes! ohh yeah!

 VAL!!! how dare you think to caution tape my house for all who dont know...guess who asked me to prom? none other than our local stud jason! i guess i'll be having a good prom night!

 ok, i'm home...jessie/val/whoever asked, yes there should be snow if not at the cabin, then a bit higher up (i don't know how high the cabin is)...it snowed at least 3 ft over the weekend and probably 6in since then, so that's not much of a worry. i also broke a tree while skiing, i grabbed the branch for balance while i was skiing through the trees and it snapped...but i dodged everything else. lastly, my brother and dad snowboareded today, so i stayed far away from them for my own safety.

 am i the only one who's bringing any movies up? if so, should i rent some? if so, which ones? if not, which ones are being brung? that's all! countdown: 16 hrs-ish!

 new list: thursday- me, beth, kasso, jessica, carlie, ryan, jason friday- jessie, maggie, val (just in case anyone was wondering)

 oh goodness, i have spent waaaay too much time online and it is making my head hurt... i just unintentionally offended kendrick... and i was seriously trying to be nice and reasonable for once! ah well, shit happens, i suppose. val, i don't know what else is really good besides kazaa, and even still, kazaa isn't that great. but there are other worse things such as imesh (shudders), so whatever you find, just remember not to go with that. jessie: yay for johnny!! and yay for forgotten mid 90s estrogen acoustic rock songs! ahhhh i know there are other things i am forgetting to say, but i just started sneezing.... my dad is sick too.. hopefully it really isn't sars and hopefully you all will still want to be my friend. =D

 MY CAR IS BACK!!!!!!! that is right, johnny is back w/ a vengence, and he runs really really really well too.... ah so so happy... AND tomorrow is my 6 months, so not only will i have a car, but i'll be legal too! mu hu!!!

 yay!!!!! saucers!!!!!!! hehehe, sweetness. btw, what's a good system for downloading songs and crap??? the kazaa on my computer account is all messed up, so i need to find something new. HELP ME!!!!!!!!!!!

 according to my list: thursday- me, beth, kasso, jessica, carlie, jenny, ryan, and jason friday- jessie, maggie, and val *we have saucers, "tobogons", and intertubes up at the cabin

 hey, i can bring my carboard guitar and mickey mouse keyboard. mwuahahaha. ~_^ and yeah, what's the deal with the ride situation??? who's going up on thursday, and who's going up on friday??? i realize that this question is somewhat pointless since practically everyone is out on vacation, but i'm asking it anyways for those who are here. i'm going up on friday, and i heard that jessie is driving me and maggie, so yeah. oh man, combustication of the head for all this craziness. and hey, who's up for cation-taping laura's room and carlie's house??? mwuahahahaha, fun stuff does anyone have the dish-sleds??? those are the supreme awesomeness, but if no one has those, then maybe we should look for metal trash lids. holy sweet goddamn, there is a court show called "Texas Justice".....what is the world coming to??!!!

 ah, and quick thought: i'm gonna bring my guitar with me so we can be all musically bonded and shit :) so if there's anything you guys ant me to figure out how to play, tell me now so i can download some music for it. i'm not very good, but i'll give it a shot....

 ah! if it snows, we're bringing sleds....

 oops

 did everyone recieve the necessary avery info that's going? if not, please e-mail me and i'll send it to you (does anyone know jenny handa's email address?) well, there might be snow, i'm not quite sure yet

 did everyone recieve the necessary avery info that's going? if not, please e-mail me and i'll send it to you (does anyone know jenny handa's email address?) well, there might be snow, i'm not quite sure yet

 oh lordy, jessie...hahaha, it's like one of those teen chick flicks - the girl makes up a story so the guy will like her and stuff, and so then everything's peachy for a while, but then he finds out somehow that's she's been lying to him, and he gets all mad at her and goes on a pouty fit, and she's like "oh no, what am i gonna do??" ((of course it's in a high pitched voice and annoying, because that's how it always is)), and then her friends somehow manage some situation to get her and him in the same spot together so they can talk, and the guy is going to leave, but the girl is like "no, wait!!!!" and so he looks back at her with this total disgusted look and is like "you lied to me" and she has on this sad puppy dog face thing and she's crying and she gives him this whole speech about how she only made up the story so that he'd like her, and that she truly loves him and didn't want to hurt him, blah blah blah, and he's like 'but melanie ((because melanie is the type of name this girl would have)), I love you for you, and not the fact that you go to De Anza or drink Starbucks ((mwuahaha ~_^)). you didn't need to lie about all that other stuff. It's you that I love."and she's like "Oh, Jake!!!" and they kiss and make-up and it's a happy couple with a happy ending. and yeah, crap, i totally forgot about that drama project. what time are we meeting, and where?? was it at Orchard Valley at 1?? waaargh, can't remember. shiatzhou

 sounds good to me. if i can get val to surface, we have to go work on our drama project.. maybe we could do that tues i guss... and i have a meeting at 7. maybe 7.30...haha, wow, i like how i have no clue what my schedual is... well f that s. i want to see a movie. ok, so you guys gotta hear what happened haha, ok, on second thought it isn't that exciting, buit here it is anyhow. so i was making a last minuite frappachino run before the barnes and noble starbucks closed and the guy at the register is like "so... do you go to de anza?" and at first i was saying no, bu then i realized that i do (yeah, i really need the caffine). and he's like "yeah.. i've seen you around here alot, so it was kinda random to see you over there.. what are you majoring in?" and i had this mad brain rush trying to think of somthing comical to major in. i was going to go for underwater basket weaving, but i wasn't sure if you could major in that, so i said theater. then i started wondering what the fuck i was talking about, seeing as i'm not majoring in anything yet...but we just started talking and i kinda just plaed along with it. it was pretty funny. so if this random guy with dark hair named mike who's majoring in marine bio asks about me, i'm a sophmore at santa cruz, taking a semester off to clear up my GEs at de anza (cause i live over there), majoring in theater with a focus on shakesperean lit. haha, i figured if i didn't know him, it couldn't hurt, right? haha, i have a strange feeling this is gonna come back to me at some point....

 hmm...i'm gone until wed night. skiing time for jason

 Fuck that shit, do that bitch Billy. Anyone up for the movies tomorrow? Tons of new crap came out that looks good (to me at least).

 nothing happened. at all. we have a paper. i think it looks ok. alot of people think it's our best, and i'd agree that writing-wise, it is. io think alot of the layout is still a little out there though... and yeah, that's about all. people sat around doing nothing, heather tried to pull my skirt off (not a pretty situation) and burrows screamed about hockey. yeah, nothing happened. and sigh? what is this sigh miss carlie? i'm bored as a motha guys....

 I hate JSA, I hate Ms. Moreno, I hate school, I hate grades, I hate pillows & blankets, I hate the Santa Clara Marriot, and can someone fill me in on what happened in journalism?

 sigh

 i heard she was going skiing? hmm ,ok maybe not...haha so guys, how many licks does it take to get to the center of a carlie peck? one... two... thr-ee... CRUNCH the world may never know. :)

 cool shoes carlie!

 okay guys, the cool shoes are schedlued to arrive on june 6th. So by friday you'll be blinded by my sexy feet. Oh! im so excitied! I

 gah! i want to go! but damn, i don'd think i can becuase i am supposed to be... you know, cleaning and shit!

 I'm going to see A Mighty Wind at 12:40 at camera 7- if anyone cares to join me, call me on my cell

 btw, i made it home at 9:45. it only took half an hour for me to walk home, and without getting raped!!!! ~_^

 i come home to smarterchild and now it is charging for its services?? what the fuck happened while i was gone.

 5 days worth of blogger posts missed and all i can think of is... it starts with an s and ends with a t, it comes out of you, it comes out of me i know what you're thinking, but don't call it that let's be scientific and call it SCAT it was a piece of scat.... PIECE OF SCAT!! so yeah. i still need a shower. bloody brits. they have me going all sixes and sevens.

 depending on time, i'll pick up maggie tomorrow...i have to be at the pool at 2:45 though. and billy, i agree about the stay home, relax, and i'd like to add on make a bunch of money and take a fine arts class so i can graduate

 http://www.converse.com/zproductdetails.asp?zcatid=10&zsubcatid=&zgenid=&sku=1H735# kay guys, check out my sexy new slabs of rubber. they cost me a pretty penny and should be here in 7-10 days! Damn will I look sexy in them! ah, and this is amusing... i was asked if i'd chaperone 2 12 year olds to a concert a New Found Glory and Good Charlotte concert I'd have to pay $56 for a ticket sit with them the whole time drive them there and, lastly, they are Caitlin Ferrell and Rachel Treat i was like, oh, yeah, thats what i want to do hell nah, all yah

 Why not... just stay at home and relax?

 uugh!!! ferrell has managed to GET OUT OF TOWN for nearly the entire summer. now i'm gonna be gone from the 15th to 20th of june on a leadership retreat in good ol' sacramento then i'll leave again on the 22nd to the 3rd of august for davis. whee... central valley summer bitches!! ps-- anyone know of places i can go during August???? any religious camps? (daily dose of god)

 hmm, amusing

 ok

 hahhaa, ok sorry Beth, but that was pretty funny.. but still.. "wut up wit dat?" umm i dunno. OH YEA AND Maggie called me yesterday from science camp; she wants to know if someone with a car can pick her up from a yet to be determined lexact ocation, but it should be the santa theresa YMCAor something; and she will call us when she gets there and when schol is out. ok? ok.

 HELL YEAH! SCORE! whoever said I wasn't scoring can eat me--- wait, whoops, scratch that. Beth is doing that.

 sure

 Well Beth... Will you?

 ok- i was talking to patrick today about the billy "stealing me" thing, and this is what patrick said: "If I told you to suck my cock, you would be offended, but if Billy told you to suck his cock, you would do it." -what's up with that shit?

 this was a quite wretched day

 somone hitting mady's car?!?! jason running into fabio? tasha not running into ryan like a mad sex feind? billy running down the street without a shirt b/c his sunburn was killing him? what is this world running to?

 oh, and yesterday we learned at starbucks that jason wouldn't/doesn't smoke flares!

 darn green toyota tacomas! (no offense to anyone except for the dumb guy that ran into the back of the spirit) is it that hard to keep your foot on the brake while at a red light, i think not but this guy proved me wrong. luckily the spirit is built like a battleship and the car left no mark, but still, i was just a tad shooken up, but the guy looked like he was about to cry, interesting day.

 you guys missed it! right before me and jason and val go to leave downtown campbell, Jason opens the door to his car and totaly gashes himself in the head in the process. It was hella funny! So Tasha's playing hard to get, eh? Ah....suggested idea for end of school - gift exchange gag gifts (ie - jason's underwear, male thong, bondage outfit, etc.) WHO'S GAME BITCHES???

 Had fun today peeps, nice one!

 seriously? Omg, Burnside left that there for me to eat! Weird! I hope this has nothing to do with Kharma, and if it does... I have no idea if something good or bad will happen. I think i am reliving that old crepe, my stomach is grumbling

 hehe- i saw that crepe earlier, Burnside and I decided that we were going to leave it there until someone found something creative to do with it- i guess you did that billy

 Beth... I'm right here! Waiting for you! GET GET NAKED! No lemonade, please! Btw, I am such a fucking whore. Check it: I go into Burnsides class and I'm sitting there. I get up and I see a crepe for our Lost Generation Salon sitting in the Recycling bin. I pick it up and tell everyone that it looks and feels like a Fortune Cookie. Burnside yells out: Alright, money out on the table people. So, for $4.26 I ate a six day old crepe. Hella Bling Blinging it right now.

 looks like billy's gettin more trim than a barber shop floor... haha, sorry beth, that was not meant in a durogatory form towards you, even if i could spell duogatory. i've just been waiting all day to use that phrase somewhere...haha

 Where's Billy?? I'm having Billy withdrawal!!

 attest i shall. now i'm a pretty strong person when it comes to sour objects... i always played these relays when i was little where you had to eat limes and stuff, so now citrus is no sweat, but i was not prepared at all for the whorers of this lemonade... guys, it was seriosuly bad. like, not even like straight lemon juice. this shit was like concentrate. horrible... ok, well, it wasn't that horrible, but you really did have to prepare yourself to drink it before hand. then, ryan makes it worse by pouring literally two cups of sugar (oh you wish i was joking) into the things, so then it was really out of wack, not to mention a bit crunchy from the undesolved crystals... haha, in other words, lemonade stands would be a very bad buisness for us. haha

 OK... now when I said "Is there sugar in your lemonade?" It was a SERIOUS question. Hm. The Sparks song just came on. I like it. So, I nearly asked it at the coffee shop with Jessie today, but I didn't. I SHOULD HAVE. THEY DIDN"T PUT SUGAR IN IT!!! 100% LEMON. I poured nearly a full jar of sugar into that baby to no avail. DAMN SUGARLESS LEMONS!! Jessie, attest to the horrors of that!

 Safeway actually pays REALLY well... I know ppl our age getting 15-20 an hour. Laura... if you make air fresheners I will know 40 kids who will buy them!

 and billy, i'm gonna be applying for starbucks next week. it's open interviews from 11A.M.-1P.M. every first and third Wednesday of the month, and the interviews are over on curtner somewhere, by a safeway, i think. but yeah, you have to miss some school, so the parental units might not like that, but it's the only time for the interviews. i think i'll be going next wednesday for sure, i've gotta clear it up with my mom. and apparently there's a jamba juice in los gatos that's hiring, according to selma, so yeah. opportunities are opening up.

 and a sarcastic hell yeah to go with it.

 damn you people, i had to go back 100 posts to see what the flying fuck was going on.

 Let's assume Ryan is Gatsby, and Tasha is Daisy for the rest of Great Gatsby, that should make the book a bit more interesting. hehe. Wow Ryan, your acomadations seem spectacular. Billy - try starbucks, target, smart and final, hollywood video, TJ Max, and home depot. You can walk to thoes and we can always visit you. (oh - billy - you have to be going out first to go steady) Beth - I Laura, Maggie, Jessie - hum, a business? how about a lemonaide stand? or start a brothel in the back of jessie's car (hey...it'll suppy billy with a job, too) yum...i want an otter pop.

 hell yeah p.s.- I LOVE BILLY 4EVA!!!

 aww, poor ryan... jeez. maybe after this summer you'll want to be a farmer! yeah, that's be great...haha billaaay- hey, i'll give you the easing after beth any day. she can be pretty rough in the sack, i know, so any time you need some soothing sweet lovin, i'm here... and screw those non paying librarians... they can go.. um... well... screw the davis cows. so there. yeah, laura has big dreams that her and mg and i will open up a huge rock candy store that makes.. well, rock candy and.. somthing else. what was it lita? bowls? yeah, i think it was bowls. haha. i'm game. i'll be wrokin at the church in the mornings (till about 12 or 1) and i'll have history on tues, wed, and thurs nights (how in the hell am i going to make it to the car show?!? ahh! haha).. so yeah, there go my prospects of doing... well, anything that i wanted to this summer. can i get a sarcastic hell yeah?

 FUCK YOU GOD! ...think it worked? This summer Maggie, Jessie, and I are partaking in some sort of lucrative home business of which is yet to be determined. Wahahaha, it will be good though, we just gotta think of something cool; and I need to get my HTML-writing ass together.

 Beth... I'll take the over, I need easing! Ryan... Sucks for you! HA HA HA HA! Just be happy you will be there with chicks, away from parents, and will have already tapped that sweet ass known as TASHA! BTW, I am doing major SAT studying for my previous low grade and will be trying to use bigger and newer words to help me with my vocab. If I happen to say a word incorrectly please tell me, no matter how angry and violent I may become. Thanks! Oh yeah! I AM WAY NERVOUS!

 VOTE: cowpatty@ryanferrell.com pattycowpattycowbakersboy@ryanferrell.com Hmm... hard choice. The first one won. Email me there from June 22 onwards.

 Oh yeah, I think the dorm is WEST of the shit factory, so if you ever feel a breeze from the East, shout, "Fuck you god!" for me. I'm thinking that if a lot of us shout, he'll stop directing the winds that way.

 hehe spank her spunky butt for me... uh, im not feeling spunky... got a letter (several pound packet) from UC Davis that told me where I'm staying. Lemme diagram: COW BARN & SHIT FIELD | . . . . **BLDG D** COW BARN & SHIT FIELD | COW BARN & SHIT FIELD | COW BARN & SHIT FIELD | . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . BLDG A COW BARN & SHIT FIELD | COW BARN & SHIT FIELD | COW BARN & SHIT FIELD | | = short, thin fence of perfect hieght to angle the shit-wind (term first coined at UC Davis) towards Room Ferrell of the 2nd floor . .. .= blogger doesn't lemme do multiple spaces, periods help BTW -- If i don't have AC and have to keep my windows open, I've decided to pack a bunch of inflatable lawn chairs, so I can shack up on top of the dorm's pool. My schedule there is such that for the first few weeks I spend a few hours in lecture and the remainder of the day in the lab (every weekday). Saturdays I go on fun field trips to Tahoe, Monterey, SF, some other place that I can't remember, and Santa Cruz. Sundays I don't do shit (just eat more than I need, worship, and get laid). The last few weeks are the same, save the getting laid part, cause I don't have lectures and instead spend all daylight in the lab. Hmm. So yea, if you guys come up, make it a Sunday (Come early so we can go to church!!!) or between 1 and 8 PM of Saturday July 19. That day I'm in Santa Cruz on a "mystery beach". I don't think I"m allowed to have visitors in the cow prison, but I'll blab to my fellow inmates that you guys are avid beach goers and that I just might run into then. Of course, I'll have to phone you guys my secret location. I don't have a dorm phone, but I'm bringing my cell phone. I do have email there (I'll give u the address soon) and will post on blogger, but I won't have much time.

 guess where i'm going to dinner tonight.....PASTA POMODORO!!! I'll see of TASHA is working...hehe

 oh poor billy- i'll have sex with you to ease your troubles

 Just to add: Didn't get the job at the library... That blows! Now I am going to be in hell with my mom God have mercy on my soul

 I had a great time @ the beach. It was so much fun! I got NERVOUS and had good V EEE GAN food and got to swim in freezing water and not confront a drunk man and check out the hella hoes and. Jason and Carlie need to find a hobby, maybe... GOING STEADY? I hear that is a good hobby. I should try it also; BETH! Where is my Beth? Will you date me Beth? WHAT? Fine... Betty can be a member of our sexual love triangle Does anyone know where I can get a job this summer? ANYWHERE at all? The thing @ the library fell through and I would like a job, but it needs to be close (so I can walk there) and paying (if I want to volunteer I'll do it @ the Cambrian Library). MY MOM IS AN UBER BITCH! Lately she is just a jerk about everything, including: grades, SATs, Jobs, keeping busy over the summer, "long and short" term goals, AP classes, permit tests, etc. I am getting to a point where I might be able to sympathize with Ryan about detesting a mother... It pains me to say it. I would get rid of any common acronym (i.e. LOL, BRB, LMAO, etc.) They suck and bring down the general level of educated youngsters who type on the internet. Besides, when they become a part of modern day speaking I get really peeved off! Like when Tracey yells out: LOL, Billy you are so funny. I'm in for a month of hell and high water...

 owie...so sunburned....can't move...hurts to think -today was freakin awesome

 wheeee today was fun... we are all going to be dead at school tomorrow though, i can tell. *sigh*

 my face is so sunburned, darn forgetfulness to put sunscreen there! i also have a hilarious burnt triangle on my knee! well, it was an interesting day

 happy begining of summer kids.

 i am fucking candy apple red.... THATS ONLY SUPPOSED TO HAPPEN TO CARS. fuck

 muhuyourmom: oh no you din't Thirteen Master: ::slaps across the face:: muhuyourmom: ::begins to cry, kicks in nuts very hard:: Thirteen Master: ::doubles over in pain, crying like little baby on steroids:: muhuyourmom: ::wipes eyes, begins heel smashes on stomach, face, and nether regions:: muhuyourmom: ::damn it feels good to be a gangsta begins to play in background:: Thirteen Master: ::protects nether regions, pulls out ganster style knife, and stabs in stomach or something:: muhuyourmom: ::begins bleeding profusely, scene is safe, and victim is unconcious:: Thirteen Master: ::shakes victim, are you ok?:: muhuyourmom: ::no response:: Thirteen Master: ::sends someone to call 911, and checks airway:: Thirteen Master: ::gives 2 rescue breaths:: muhuyourmom: ::breaths don't go in, bleeding continues:: Thirteen Master: ::realizes that bleeding has to be stopped, so slaps a bandage that mentions a girl named tasha over the wound and applies downward pressure while resetting airway and giving 2 more rescue breaths:: muhuyourmom: ::breaths still don't go in:: Thirteen Master: ::moves into position for stomach thrusts, gives 5 and rechecks airway:: muhuyourmom: ::suddenly becomes concious, gives swift hard kick in nuts, again:: Thirteen Master: ::this time, hit does nothing because he's numb there:: muhuyourmom: ::penis falls off:: Thirteen Master: ::picks up, puts in plastic bag on ice to bring to hospital::

 sigh, more work. I hope you guys had a hella good time at the beach. sigh. so, tasha, called, eh? Ryan scores. sigh. sigh. sigh. I would like to call this new form of poetry, sigh.

 yea and... it may do you good to wear NOT hawaiian... plaid is good. hehehe, naw i'm sure she won't care what you are wearing, as long as it's something

 oh yeah, and no overkill on the axe. good lord.

 haha, that was good g

 haha, number 3 is going to be a must... you should really try to not use the "can i stir your drink with my penis" line. i don't think that's gonna work. and maybe you should keep stripping as a possibility. you know, just in case....oh, the dirty jokes i could make about a girl who serves italian food...haha, so great.

 5. if she gets in your car.... just make sure... to hide.... the pocket penis. of doom. just as bad as circumcision. maybe.

 ryan, that is the most fricking hilarious thing i've ever heard.. man, we gotta keep an eye on you ry... first the coffee shop girl, now this...dear lord...hahahaha (just to clear this up, tasha is the waitress who ::Ahem:: attended to us while we were at pasta pomodoro's on... i think it was friday.) good for you ryan. good for you. haha

 ok... goals for the date 1. don't strip (err, well, u know) 2. don't fuck it up with "yeah, so how do u like dicks? i like them circumsized" 3. don't fuck it up by telling her i'm 16 4. don't say "so, do you like bush?" 5. um? what do you guys think?

 TASHA CALLED

 TASHA CALLED

 TASHA CALLED

 TASHA CALLED

 TASHA CALLED

 TASHA CALLED

 TASHA CALLED

 TASHA CALLED

 TASHA CALLED

 TASHA CALLED

 gracias, senorita. see ya then/there.

 tomorrow we're going to the beach- the last i heard, we are meeting at my house around 9:45 por la manana.

 so, what's the dealio with the beach? who's going? when? where? so many questions!

 i'm bored out of my mind... i just got stuck in a closet. i was at this churhc thng in san jose.. basically just abunch of people playing really complicated brutal games.. anyhow, me and this kid were hiding in a closet for one of them. our plan was that when we heard the people walking through the room, we would run out and get them out. but the closet door got stuck, and it took people a really long time to get us out...or to even find us for that matter. so yeah, feeling a bit clostrophobic. and feeling like i can't spell. not to mention BORED AS HELL. and i wanna get ill so i go to the place where my chill. fellas out there tryin to make that dollar. i pull up in my 6 4 impala.... yes. that's how bored i am. i'm quoting boys in the hood lyrics. bored. definately not maybe.

 i think i am bored too. maybe.

 what is the worst word in the english language? i think it's maybe. i hate maybe... it means NOTHING. when people say maybe, i cringe, because it lacks depth and explains nothing. if there is anything in this world that i would abolish as king, it would be the word maybe. everyone would have to take a stance. yea, so whats on ur mind besides ryan is bored?

 security is waaay too picky! whats wrong with boxers? i've worn less in public!! heh, whoops, i think i got the wrong axe ready... funny she screamed as she left

 she wants your sexy body. get the axe ready.

 WHOSE THAT HO? KICK THAT BITCH OUTTA YO' HOUSE!

 ok. so i wake up this morning and go downstairs to get a scone or two and some milk and the paper. i look out in the backyard and i see my mom, two dogs, and a girl in a baby blue sweatshirt. i was groggy, so i blinked for a while and realized i knew the girl... she was from the rotary club conference i went to. we met because there was an icebreaker game where they would call out body parts, and we partnered up and had fun... after that she just clinged on me. she's annoying as fuck, not fun to talk to. WHY THE FUCK IS SHE AT MY HOUSE. grrr

 this is funny, quoth the mandy: "if anyone's interesting contact me somehow." so if i don't contact you, am i not interesting, eh, eh? heh. oh well. i still well i am all up for partay-ing for tomorrow seeing as a) i have no jenny to look after (she is at my grandma's this weekend *snicker snicker*) and b) i have no hw to do for a weeeeeeeeeek.... yay.... and laura, i am definitely feeling you on the whole blood brothers/minus the bear shindig(s). i am whoring myself out in advance and will give favors of any kind to express gratitude for a ride down and back to santa cruz july 3rd. money, sex, you name it. i'm yours. until then, keep bouncin' ya'll. fo sheazy.

 yo to the izzle... hey hey manday. i would totally love to come tomrrow, but i gotta get crackin on some of my hw... i think a bunch of us are going to go to the beach monday though (hence why i need to get my hw done early). i maybe thoguht you had heard about it, what with my standing on the bench and whatnot and everyone yellling about days they could and couldn't come. so yeah, the results are that now i have no clue who can come and who can't. so yeah, if you cna make it, it'd be super cool. give me a call or somthing. hey, and that goes for any time you wanna do somthing ok? just give me a ring and we'll find somthing to do. wurd? wurd. still lovin beth 4 eva.

 Hella bored

 did i miss something by staying home last night? what happened (not the mighty wind thing but an actual question)? i am so lost, but that isn't a new feeling. what is up this weekend? is there anything planned? does anyone want to go to the beach tomorrow, me and my sister are going and there's 2-3 more seats in the car or if you are a driver you could follow us or something, whatever. we also are planning on going shopping tomorrow, whether in capitola or westgate, i have no idea. if anyone's interesting contact me somehow.

 1)laura's mom's. man i love that sexy sun bathiong goddess.. 2)twas a long nigh billy. the hot mad passionw as just a bit to much near the end. 3) yes, monday is a go. 4) bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce....

 i hate my mom's cell phone ring. ugggly. btw, jessie! you said "anime" !!! WHHHHEEEE minus the bear! the blood brothers! YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY! YYY! oh and.... SHOULD'VE TAKEN THE CELL PHONE NUMBER DAMMIT

 ass and titties... ass and tittes... ass and titties... AND BIG BOOTY BITCHES!!!

 aww man. ok, sorry, i'm really slow. just realized that i kinda made things worse by making you guys wait. i'm really really sorry guys. i feel like a friend whore. the person i was with in the pool hall last ngith really doesn't mean shit to me compared to you guys. so i seriously am sorry. if i'd had known that you guys wanted to leave, i seriously wouldn't have stayed for a game.. so yeah. i owe you all a big erotic kiss to make up for it. sorry again.

 oh no! my beautiful women not having a good time? looks like you guys are in severe need of some good sweet lovin' . my place, tonight. we'll have the dildo.... buit seriosuly, i hope that everybody gets to feeling a bit better...while estuaries may be benificial, that doesn't mean you should have to cry them... yeah. call the jessie psycic hotline if ya need it. Il mio cuore esce alle vostre anime torturate.

 i just felt like shit after last night- it was very emotionally draining- i

 how could we hate you beth? we anyway, i'm gonna be in sf til like 6 or 7ish, someone call my cell if anything is up. maybe we can see the bird movie and that will put us in better spirits.

 longest day! cry yourself to sleep! eek! wha happened (eh, that was A Might Wind joke)... whats up beth?

 This has been the longest day of my entire life. I think i need to just cry myself to sleep..... p.s.- sorry if i was a bitch to anyone tonight, don't hate me

 yo yo yo. so bored, nothing to do!

 the song that described me was "pink tarantulas".... go figure. i think jason's song was like, "deathblow" or something. heh.

 i took val's quiz and the one i love most is Jason and his song is Headstrong by Trapt. the one i like but cant work things out wiht is Eric Sitterle and his song is 7 nation army the one i care most about is Nikki Marissa knows me best the grandma is my star or whatev and the song that describes me is "born to be wild" Isn't that just swell?

 what are you guys in AP history writing for your essay? i wasn't there the first day and was going to generally guess but is there anything specific i should know. HM!

 along with the keyboard, if anyone has a small toy fishingpole, could you please bring it tomorrow?

 emergency! i need a keyboard of some sort. not a computer one, but a musical one. whether it is inflatable, real, from costco, someone's sex toy, whatever. i just need a keyboard that makes noise and i need it fast.

 hey there's a every episode ever degrassi marathon starting on july 4th, is anyone interested in a party-type thing to watch some of them, namely the more memorable ones (cough cough)? just wondering...

 okay guys, i got a 1600 on the SATs and 800s on all of the SATIIs of course, since you can take them both at the same time and since i took them last time and all...

 yeah, they were: writing- 600 math IIC- 540 (9th fricking percentile!) biology-e- 560 oh, and: i got a new screen name: ASChronert (@aol) (my mother made me get a more "professional" one for college and job applications or some excuse like that, what ev, which is the one i'm on right now as i'm writing)

 spill your guts Mandy! We all shared! We are all friends. Me: 1140 SPILL IT! j/k, you don't have to if you don't want to, but don't leave me hanging with suspense with a phrase like: "i got my sat 2 scores back and goodness! i'm kinda ashamed!" Couldn't have been that bad!

 it just like fell off? i didn't realize that was quite possible, hmmm... i got my sat 2 scores back and goodness! i'm kinda ashamed!

 aaaaaawwww, da poor ickle hatake had a boo-boo. ~_^ Oooo, yay for duct tape shopping....now we just need a time and a driver and yeah

 um, the muffler is part of the exhaust system. if it contains gas, your car blows up.

 SUCKER!

 we were driving home from santa cruz, to see if i could do it by myself (basically, i can drive to the beach and tell my parents)...and our gas tank fell off...luckily, the muffler had enough gas in it to make it home

 duct tape! whoo hoo! today i learned (well besides mucho german vocab) that coloring books are very soothing and that me and maggie totally kicked all those little kids' butts who had already drawn in there! oh yeah!

 ah, guten tag! wie geht's? german is as much fun as it is the devil as well. fatty 300 something page workbook... what the hell is up with that? eins. zwei. drei. vier. funf. sechs. sieben. acht. neun. zehn. i can now count, yay. elf, zwolf, dreizehn, vierzehn, funfzehn.... holy shit, this is gonna be a tough language to spell. *sigh* anyway, duct tape shopping sounds hellsa cool, i am definitely up for any shizzle of sorts.... someone just needs to be able to tolerate me constantly mumbling in german in the back of my mind. ich heiser maggie. ist das der Tisch? nein! das ist nicht der Tisch. das ist die Lampe. =D

 does anyone want to go on a search for neon-colored duct tape?? i need to go on a safari through wall-marts and race car shops to find all the glorious colors of duct tape...specifically green colors, since that's the color that neal and i decided on for prom. but yeah, so i need to start looking for tape now and get working on his clothes. i can't buy my flamenco pattern until it goes on sale, but yeah. so yeah...duct tape safari....whenever, whatever, whoever....aww, never mind

 nice one carlie. Riggght... By the way, my SAT score sucked, too. Get this: it stayed the EXACT mo-fucking same. SAME number right in math and verbal as last time. Same score. Exactly. Not even a slight switch. God, what a royal waste of time.

 ok guys, i need to tell you something important...i don't have a penis

 okay, at least you guys can get a score higher than a 1090. First try: 1090 - Verbal: 630, Math: 460 Second try: 980 - Verbal: 520, Math: 460. that pissed me off so goddamn much. 1, because my math stayed the same, 2, because my verbal dropped, and i kill at verbal...grrrrr....

 Val & Maggie, I'm feeling you both. My second try I only went up 30 points... Oh well, they tell you that you are only supposed to go up a few points the second time. I'm glad. I knew I was smarter when it came to the verbal section. Cest la vie...

 You know what they call a quarter pounder with cheese in France? A royale with cheese....

 [sigh] this sigh goes out there to all thoes wiggas that...{fill in the blank}

 val, i so fully agree. tell me how fucked up i am... first try: 1280 second: 1220 third: 1240 at this rate, i don't think i'm ever getting into the college of my choice... carlie, maybe i do need that class after all. *sigh* ...ahh fuck! i have school in less than 7 hours! eee!

 I HATE THE GODDAMN SATS!!!!!! WHOEVER THOUGHT OF STANDARDIZED TESTING SHOULD BE TARRED AND FEATHERED AND THEN PRODDED UP THE ASS WITH A RED-HOT POKER WITH A RAINBOW AFRO GLUED TO THEIR HEAD AND A DILDO WEDGED IN THEIR MOUTH!!!!!!!

 i'm so glad the heat is gone! whoop whoop! darn summer school, oh well KNOWLEDGE! :P

 i am def. feeling the love jessie..... fo sheazy. i agree, much condolences to laura's madre and her grand-madre... that does ultimately suck. and boy, are emotions running higher than ever... it's insane. anyway, i suppose i am down to chill for a little, i need to talk to someone who still has his/her mind in the right place, cause mine certainly isn't.... summer school tomorrow, ick! oh, project foot binding is in process. my parents bought me hot sexy little shoes today but i have to learn how to walk in them without breaking the heel and they hurt like a mother.... well, sort of. maybe just like a second cousin or something. but still... so expect me to complain about my feet for the next couple of days. until then, keep movin' those feet bitches...

 hmmm... much love going out to all those worries, boredom, and moodswings alike... everybody...move your feet and feel united...waaooo-oh....

 damn, another day at the good ol' work aka THE POOL OF DEATH... um ... actually ... i hope no one dies...but anyways, another day, and another time i dont want to work. I'd rather be watching karma sutra...or not. sigh.

 Mm, good lyrics Maggie. I have decided to kidnap them and deliver them to my AIM profile. What now, biyotch. Umm... *sigh* My grandpa called this morning aorund 9, saying that my grandma had to be taken to Kaiser in an ambulance because she was having trouble breathing. My mom started freaking out immediately and so she went over there... I don't know, I am really worried. I hate to say this, but I am more worried about my mom freaking out then my grandma. The way I see it is that my Grama has already gone through so much pain; so anything to help relieve it is a plus... but my mother... *sigh* she's nutso. Mer. I'm afraid. Damnit.

 ay... makes me think this is a good time for a group orgy... anyhow, i'm gonna be out running errands and such today, but if at any point anyone wants to do somthing, give me a call on the good ole cell. i have a major need to do somthing. like get coffee or somthing..haha ooh, and btw, val, do you have my camera? just wondrin. i was hoping to get it developed today or tomorrow. thanks muchos.

 Emotions are always running high with this group....it's our nature

 damn... no one is one or talking. WOOF! To all the ladies, having babies without no drama! Call it what you want to call it, I'm a fucking alcoholic. Bring it if you really want it, ain't gotta put any extras on it! Slob on my knob, like corn on the cob, check in wit me, and do your job! Yeah, pretty bored... *goes away for about 5 minutes* It seems that this group has emotions running high. Maybe we all need a break?

 Check it... It is about nine right now and I just woke up. I had a really random dream about some people in the group and I felt that Blogger is also a weird dream journal. From now on Blogger will second as a dream journal, but only real dreams, and dreams that the person finds significant. Now, I kid you not, but I had this dream: It was sorta late at a KFC. I was having an eating contest with three other guys and we were all eating chicken wings. They all got spicy sauce and I got normal, I found out later that I didn't like the taste of normal. The people in the contest were Corey Valdez, someone I don't know, and Brian Leong (s/p?). Before we started Laura and Brian showed up together. Coinciding with the above, i didn't like the normal wings so I went to the counter to get some chicken wind dipping sauce. As I came back I found some sort of person there that was whispering to the occupants of the booth that were in the eating contest. I felt incredibly angry and sad, like this guy was whispering about me and talking crap about me, oh well, in the dream I didnt' seem to care because I sat right back down! Alright, now I didn't get to see the end of the eating contest but in dreams you go from one place, quickly to another, and mine are usually like that so bear with me! Suddenly I'm walking home and is about sunset. I walk up to my house and this really hot mustange (car) is sitting on my lawn. I don't know who has one but it was neon blue and the license plate i forgot exactly, but it was something like ROSANNA'S RIGHT. I have no idea who Rosanna is, or what the means, but whatever. I walk up to the frong door of the drivers seat and I look into it, now, bare with me... The inside of the car was dark and inside Laura Salcido was on top of Brian Leong. They were fully clothed but were doing something that appeared to be making out. Laura and Brian saw me and Laura yelled and blushed while Brian just sat there and blushed. Suddenly I am in the car trying to get out. Laura and Brian are trying to hold me in, but I really wanted to get out. We were all yelling and my dad came out. My dad was wearing wacky clothing and just looked at us and said to "keep it down". BOOM, I wake up, done deal. I have weird dreams and I wasnt making this up. Plan for some more dreams to be put into blogger. It's HAMMER TIME!

 "you're the reason i cannot forget the season or the letter when you first referred to eight... and i said... it's all calypso, but it's not easy to know, you walk around with your shoulders down frowning but it's not easy to know...." if that makes any sense to you, then that is sort of how i am feeling right now. yes, mood swings at 5 am. fuck this shit.

 i think i like to drive myself insane...i'm tired of agonizing over the same damn thing...erg

 Check it: I know the AP English students have to go and see a play/musical/etc. this summer. Ms. Clinton explicitly mentioned seeing Hamlet is possible... Well, the Shakespeare Santa Cruz is putting on a performance of Hamlet in the Glen (which is a bar/restaurant in Willow Glen). I suggest we take advantage of this event and buy tickets to see it together. Here is the website, check the schedule, and then post the dates that work for you (please make the dates after August 1st? That is when Summer School ends). Everyone is welcome, even if you don't have AP english. http://www.shakespearesantacruz.org/summer03/calender.shtml With that said I am going to HULK OUT fo sho!

 WTF?

 We can now understand the reason why Jason is the way he is: Thirteen Master: unless of course, this picture of me is dirtier muhuyourmom: yes, your mouth is hanging open and you look special ed muhuyourmom: that's about as dirty as it gets Thirteen Master: then you haven't found the others muhuyourmom: the others? Thirteen Master: other pictures... muhuyourmom: which contain...? Thirteen Master: me... muhuyourmom: and...? Thirteen Master: i have no clothes on... muhuyourmom: because...? Thirteen Master: i was paid a substancial amount... muhuyourmom: and where are these pcitures you speak of? Thirteen Master: my dad's computer Thirteen Master: that's why i never searched it when you were there muhuyourmom: now everyone knows about you modeling career Thirteen Master: i'm not really modeling though muhuyourmom: then what are you doing? Thirteen Master: well, i guess i'd be modeling my body...ok then muhuyourmom: and when and why did you begin this career? Thirteen Master: around the age of 6, for money muhuyourmom: and where were these pictures featured? Thirteen Master: i don't know muhuyourmom: and your parents knew about this? Thirteen Master: o, they're on my dad's comp muhuyourmom: i see, and can i see them? Thirteen Master: no...they're rather graphic muhuyourmom: is it you and someone else? Thirteen Master: yes, but i don't know who muhuyourmom: and what kind of karma sutra position are you in? Thirteen Master: there wasn't enough volume on the tv to hear muhuyourmom: how would you describe the position though Thirteen Master: we're in a bath tub muhuyourmom: and is the other person a male or female? Thirteen Master: female, of course muhuyourmom: and their age? Thirteen Master: about the same as me, in the pics muhuyourmom: and were you engaged in a sexual position? Thirteen Master: somewhat muhuyourmom: so you aren't a virgin? Thirteen Master: no

 bryan? shaved? oh my goodness! stop the madness!!

 ahhh... we left the hulk hands there by accident....what will happen to them??? haha

 wow, Patrick's party was quite an experience. Ryan Bell drunk is quite a humorous site. And you won't believe it, Bryan DeWinter made an apperance and he had SHAVED!!! We were like, OH MY GOD!!! BRYAN SHAVED!!! Oh, and the Karma Sutra porn was quite interesting. I think Jason was turned on by it. Ok, he was deffinately turned on by it. mu-hu.

 my mother is insulted

 If he's never gonna see this again, then I thought I should get this off my chest: Brian is a stupid dumb shit god damn mother fucker. Just kidding. I like Brian more than I like Beth's mom.

 hello this is brian, you can say anything you want about me because i will never see this again. the end. i am in lauras room. she just left and i can write anything i want now because she is gone. poop she is coming back oh goodness. good bye. jeff loves billy!

 it was with brian. ok, annnd. the end.

 woo-hoo! i don't have to go to work today afterall!

 Party tonight @ Patrick's!

 Hey guys, the deal with the beach is that we went yesterday. We left about 10:30 am-ish and went to half moon bay. If we woulda waited much longer, the traffic woulda been hella bad, yeah, hella! So we got there about 11:30-ish and found this nice little beach. The water was cold and there was no swimming but we laid in the sun abd had sex on the beach (of course!). Then about two-ish, it was hella busy and we decided we'd had enough, so we left, and since we were already like 1/2 way to 'frisco, we went there. THe traffic was HELLLA bad tryin to get into san fran. It took us a 1/2 hour to go 1 1/2 miles. We were like, "what the f!" And then once we got in, finding someplace to park was quite an adventure. Thoes 1 way streets are quite a doozy! So we finnaly got parked and then we walked around market and such and went into the huge ass Macy's and ate lunch/dinner in the food court. And then it was about 4, and we went home. So, yeah, that was it. Damn you Jason and your lack of sunscreening ability. That big circle of burn on my back makes me angry! Grrrrr.

 to all who will be par-taying tonite: good luck! have fun! don't get too drunk (if you choose to drink)! and don't let friends drive drunk! that's all folks!

 wicked! what is up with this darn heat?! let me just say i hate playing tennis in 102-ish degree weather and never want to do it again! i lost my first tennis match this season (2-6, 1-6) but it was against one of the top ranked teams in our league and me and my partner won the most games out of our team. (if anyone wanted to know) so: beach? when? oh, and kasso and paul were text messaging me from the airport yesterday while waiting for their plane, and kasso said she's gonna bring kinder eggs home! whoo hoo!

 Hella fun yesterday guys, but are you ready to part-ay tonight? I know I am. I think this is guaranteed to be a very interesting night at Patty's!!

 It is cool. Yeah, the beach is just a little too warm for me. I mean, when I go to the beach... I swim! It's just too hot for that. Btw, how did that go? I hope it was fun. I have a test tomorrow in Health and Drivers Ed., wish me luck. Okay Laura... Truth it is: Explain in the upmost detail the last sexual fantasy you had (be honest (even if it is about doing Jason up the doo doo hole with a chestnut cheese cake while Old Saint Nick licks Ryan up)!)

 oh god, what is this new and strange blogger? i must say that this is a little weird.... i am "freaked out", as only jason could say... haha.

 WHAT IS THIS ABOUT US GOING TO THE BEACH TOMORROW??!!! I WANT TO GO!!!! WHAT'S BEEN GOING ON, WHEN ARE YOU GUYS GOING, WHO'S DRIVING, CAN I COME??!!!! JASON, HOW COME YOU NEVER SAID ANYTHING ABOUT GOING TO THE BEACH YESTERDAY WHEN YOU WERE OVER HERE??!!! Grrrrrrr.... Seriously, though, what's going on with the beach thing???

 Look at us, we got reformatted! Woo wee. HEY since I was not present earlier, what are the beach plans for tomorrow?

 kasso also told me to tell everyone good bye for her and to give an extra special word up to mandy for the cookies... BiteMyFinger (11:52:08 PM): say goodbye to ppl from me LlamasAttackedMe (11:53:17 PM): for sure LlamasAttackedMe (11:53:25 PM): and i will say thank you for the cookies :-) so yeah. task done. yee ha!! ^_^

 Billy- considering this is blogger, um, truth. duhr. Annnnd... if anyone sees Kasso ask her if i can borrow her Cowboy Bebop dvds and obtain them for me, please!!

 anyone want to come with me to say "bon voyage" to kasso before she leaves for france? either tonight or early tomorrow?

 ..or group option.

 Laura? Truth or Dare?

 hey guys, know what? Triscuit is not for nibblers!

 Truth - is everybody ok?

 oh my god. so bored. truth or dare could be fun for our group eventually, if we could think of good ideas. in fact, let's start now, so we can use look back at it later. mk? so, any ideas?

 you stupid dumb ____ god ____ mother ______! from justin to kelly 4 eva!

 wow, lots of news from ryan, sounds cool (except for the EVIL-ness, but muah ha ha) and-> kjsfk;wa8ut8t83m 9-93-4 9lier*&%$!!!!%^$ right back at ya!

 !@#$%^&*()QWERTYUIOP{}ASDFGHJKL:" ZXCVBNM<>?

 yoyo... i'm at my lab right now... gonna work with this big shot pinkerton guy (a scientist) with a cool guy anthony ho from mountain view hs. it smells like rats but who cares, i getta do hella sick torture to mice (hehe EVIL) and then dissect them. dorm food was good again for lunch and breakfast and no one walked into my shower, unlike damn RYLA. anyway, LATER folks

 oh forgot to say this... i'm not gonna have time to read blogger... so email is the way to tell me something... cowpatty@ryanferrell.com will get to me. otherwise, i may post here to send it to everyone, but i'll usually just email. there is also a website... ysp.ucdavis.edu/ysptoday.htm that will have pictures of my daily life. LATE

 i'm at davis... in room 201. my room mate is kylan from atherton (i think, i'm tired)... he's cool so far and brought his base guitar and amp. a few doors down there is a guy that plays violin. i think i was better (from the practicing i've heard so far). i'm going to be doing research on lung cancer at the institute on campus with a buddy from mountain view high. everyone here is pretty cool. no complaints. my dorm is a/c ed and is hella nice, overlooking the entrance AND very close to the balcony. anyway, one complaint actually is that i've otta get a liscence plate for my bike. fuck the police, literally. especially after last night. grrr. anyway, i'm tired and i hate macs (i'm on an ibook right now). you guys can come up to visit almost any time, just check with me first. i'm going to be in town july 19 and 20, but i won't have time to hang out. LATE oh, i knew 1 person when i came here! RYLA bitches!!! its all about last week!!!

 you know, some times it's sooooo hard to take people seriously. :D hoo hoo hoo....

 my little sister finished HP at 1:45 last night, or i guess this morning. She started at around 2-ish yesterday afternoon. Subtracting b-room breaks and dinner, it took her about 10 hours to read it so she averaged about 1.5 pages per minute. Go Nikki. yay.

 hey, i finished HP last night at 1:23 A.M. ..can we go to the beach sometime?? i've had a yearning to go...effin' summer school starts tomorrow....pray for me and billy that we don't get raped or killed...

 OOooooo i love love love urban outfitters... Good god. *creams pants*

 just got back from SF. i sure as hell wouldn't want to drive there but walking around was cool as was urban outfitters. When my mom is in a mood to buy me things, no matter the cost, i am definately returning.

 faretheewell comerades. i am leaving for camp numero uno at 1.30. yeehaa... we're going to get to camp really late, cause we probabaly won't leave the church till 2.30 or so at best...oy, why am i babbling so? what i meant to tell you is to have fun, be safe, and...HAVE FUN. yes, i think that's it. when i come back, there better be some major good times goin on or i'm gonna kick some degrassi ass. haha, seeya kids. love you, Jessie

 laura and laura say hi from fanime

 it's 2 am and no one is up... *cries* wahhh, so lonely... oh that's right! you little turds are reading! anyway, i hope it is super swell... but do remember to get some sleep and rest your wee little eyes... don't burn yourselves out now!

 random song lyric, sorry folks! so... how was the harry potter book line thingy? is it any good?

 what we need now is another country singer like i need a hole in the head

 yo yo. a few side notes. - i can't hit up the campout tonight, but i will stop by while you guys are in line to chill for a bit. -just f.y.i, i'm leaving for camp on saturday at 1.30 and coming back friday around 3 (which will probably be more like 4 cause we always get lost). so that's where i be. i will miss you all with a rabid sense of miss-ation... it's going to be quite the long and challenging week for me. i've been in charge of alot of stuff before, but never stuff of this importance, so wish me luck. - a song? well, i've been thinking about this for a few minuites...van morrison (it'd have to be wild night or sweet thing, but those are more overall theme songs) or do i go with hella good the used songs? maybe old skool offspring? remix to ignition? oh, it totally just hit me. eh, it was more obvious than i thought. days go by- dirty vegas (the remix on the radio that's acoustic but has a really strong base line.) good ridance to spanish 1!!!! MUHAHAHA!

 i'll cya salcido tomorrow

 hey billy forget abou thte hary potter thing i decided to get the book when i come back form vacation

 HELLSA CAMPOUT FOR HARRY POTTER TODAY!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOHHHOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!

 this love has taken its toll, aww baby, she said goodbye too many times befooore... damn the boys of maroon 5.

 random question: What song would you make as the theme song for this summer of 2003? I choose "Boys of Summer" by The Ataris. For some reason that one just gets to me.

 Hey Billy, if you're gonna be there @ 12, then I'll come that early too, since I actually want to be there around noon anyways. And thanks to everybody for letting me know what's going on. ^_^

 kay guys, for all thoes who haven't taken an SAT class or want to take one... My mommy has been bothering me about this s so some thing came in the mail today for it. Its a two day, 12 hour deal at Santa Clara on either july 26,7; aug13,14; sept 6,7; oct 4,5; or oct 25,26. Its 185 if 2 sign up, 170 if three, and 155 if 4 of us sign up at the same time. I can drive or whatev. Get back asap if you care. THAT MEANS YOU MAGGIE. well, yea.

 Tomorrow... I think I am going over to B&N around 12... I'm walking there, so I am bringnig moolah, a chair, and a book. When I see you guys there, I will go over and chat, but otherwise... I'm reading! Not hanging out on Friday night though. I'm reading the 5th Harry Potter, duh! This is really cool for Ryan. I have been to plenty of those types of things. But, one thing I dont' get... eulogy? of who? who died? BTW, i'm calling B&N now to see when they think the line will get big. Once I find out, I will blog it so we don't go too early, but I still think I will be there @ noon.

 beth, i don't think you can handle this... whoo! i don't think you're ready for this jelly. anyway, i will chill too, i would sleep over but last driver's training at 9 in the morning! ahhh! *cries for cow patty ryan*

 dammit- why does shit like this keep happening? i can't handle this...

 i'll come hang out too, but i'm not going to sleep over

 i'm not gonna sleep over, but I'll come and hang out with you guys, so yea.

 Ryan you makin' me sad cause i can't see you. what up with that. I, too, *tear*. I CAN'T GO TO THE SLEEPOVER THING, no. but yea.

 OKAY, I HELLSA NEED TO KNOW WHO IS GONNA COME CAMPOUT FOR HARRY POTTER ON FRIDAY, AND WHO IS GONNA SLEEP OVER AT MY HOUSE AND WHATNOT I'm planning to set up camp outside barnes&noble in the pruneyard sometime around 4ish or whatever, but yeah. and then sleepover at my house. and whatnot. I NEED ANSWERS

 *sigh*

 hey guyz random thought of the day, we must make a slip and slide...ok i'm done but i can't wait to see all the pictures from our fights!!!

 darn tootin! kendrick figured out my muhuyourmom screen name and I really don't want to talk to him. Now, i am using goldjumpsuit so yeah, whatev. Wow, Ry. Sounds hellsa cool. I hope you haven't changed so much that you won't want to fuck us anymore ::tear::

 hey wow, i'm gonna post again (i just got up am chilling in the computer lab trying to polish my script for today) cause i'm not sure if i'm going to get to see ya'll again on friday before i vanish. RYLA has been fuckin incredible. i've changed a lot, not just in outwards manner, but the way that i look at myself. the kids and counselors are family, we're all hella close, all 180 of us. last night we had eulogies for 2 campers and everyone was crying and holding each other. i've had deeper talks with these strangers than i've had with some of my closest friends. i've gotten heartfelt compliments that left me bawling and really understanding myself, and i've said stuff that made grown men bawl too and a crowd whimper. this camp is the fuckin shit, i feel really at peace here, so yeah. RYLA!!! anyway, heh last night has been on my mind a lot because it was a culmination of a lot of maturing here. i also spent yesterday learning how to act. i had no fuckin clue how to perform The Open Boat before, but now, its fuckin good, even i can tell. i can't wait to deliver it this morning. i feel like an orator delivering the work on the chapel stage. hehe. this will be my second or third speech here- each has been seriously something i'm proud of. i'm not nervous in front of groups up here and can improv damn well. i miss ya guys, especially you jessie. there have been so many times i've wanted to have you here. u'd be in heaven too at RYLA. everyone, and i mean EVERYONE is so frank, friendly, and outgoing. everyone has a talent nad isn't afraid to express it. we had some guitarists playing the Brown Girl or whatever the song is that you play. they did a duet and it was hella good. i'm missing YOUR campfires and ur fucking laptop (typing on one just like yours right now). people really want to see me cross dressing (apparently the swimmer look goes REALLY FAR at camp). even this foreign exchange english lifeguard wants to (mmm, she HOT). so yea jessie, i've got a lot of stories to tell you and a lot of discussin to do. i trust things are going well with you... how is the bulgaria oh um belgium (sorry forgot the name) situation? don't post, i won't be able to read this thing for a while, tell me. i'll see you guys later, maybe sometime in august, i'm not sure yet. one of my good friends here, gerrardo, wants me to come with him to his place in el salvador (a nice place, not a hut). and i may ship off to africa too, to help out rotary. whatever works out. LATER

 ---dedicated to my dear horse loving friend Jason Hatakeyama: YOU AIN'T NOTHING BUT A HOOCHIE MAMMA HOOD RAT HOOD RAT HOOCHIE MAMMA YOU AIN'T NOTHING BUT A HOOCHIE MAMMA HOOD RAT HOOD RAT HOOCHIE MAMMA

 I knew that Carlie was nararrating half of that crap. I picked that up like a muda fucka!

 HAHAHA Jason, you ARE an idiot!! I always knew, but it was off the record.

 it's okay. i can't tell the difference between horses and cows anyway.

 ok, i've been saying it all day, and now i can prove it, jason is an idiot: muhuyourmom: tell him to get started we will make pornos Thirteen Master: um...no muhuyourmom: or perhaps just star in antoher form of dracula Thirteen Master: Urinalpotts19: so, do you and Carlie do this reverse doggy style? or the "cowboy" method? Thirteen Master: the heck is cowboy? muhuyourmom: tell him we like to do it on a horse muhuyourmom: especially when it gallops Thirteen Master: Thirteen Master: we like to do it like a horse , especially when it gallops Thirteen Master: and we'll star in the next dracula movie muhuyourmom: on a horse muhuyourmom: you idiot Thirteen Master: good god, i can't read muhuyourmom: that changes the whole meaning muhuyourmom: now its dirty Thirteen Master: i know, but i typed it anyway Thirteen Master: Urinalpotts19: Carlie? Thirteen Master: excuse me, "on a horse" Thirteen Master: um...no, she's online too Urinalpotts19: oh god Thirteen Master: hmm...now he's not talking muhuyourmom: oh god, im still laughing over the horse screw up Thirteen Master: was it really that amusing? muhuyourmom: it was so raunchy Thirteen Master: wow, i can't read today, i suppose muhuyourmom: or you just want to do it like a horse Thirteen Master: or that...maybe

 check this out (hella weird/funny/scary/etc.): Urinalpotts19: I'm progressing through the bullshit, i'm finding out how great your love is for Carlie, er... i know you like her, i'm just waiting to get a positive and/or negative from you. understand? Thirteen Master: yes, i understand...ok, the truth is after we graduate we plan to run off to tahoe and get married, ok? Urinalpotts19: ha ha ha Urinalpotts19: nice Thirteen Master: and i plan to have her pregnant by graduation, hence why we have to run off Thirteen Master: and then, i will use my infinite talent on the slopes to open a ski resort...forget college, i've got a pregnant carlie Urinalpotts19: good Urinalpotts19: very good Urinalpotts19: how many kids? Urinalpotts19: 1 Urinalpotts19: 19 Urinalpotts19: 78? Thirteen Master: 10, all geniuses Urinalpotts19: right Urinalpotts19: of course Thirteen Master: and we'll name them after the geniuses...albert, newton, eeyore...etc Thirteen Master: and of course, there's the ultimatum...run, or play soccer Urinalpotts19: nice Thirteen Master: good altitude training for either Urinalpotts19: so, do you and Carlie do this reverse doggy style? or the "cowboy" method? Thirteen Master: we like to do it like a horse, especially when it gallops Thirteen Master: and we'll star in the next dracula movie Urinalpotts19: Carlie? Thirteen Master: excuse me, "on a horse" Thirteen Master: um...no, she's online too Urinalpotts19: oh god Thirteen Master: yes?

 she knows. she admitted it all last night. in bed.

 Jason, just ask your mother. :)

 care to elaborate billy? i'm sure we've all done too many wrong things

 I think I have done too many wrong things

 NOT THE FDR MEMORIAL! IT'S ALL COMING BACK TO ME... bird... poop... in... my... hair...laughing... much laughing... no... NO... NOOOO!!!

 I'm glad you've got cool roommates beth! I'm sooo jealous... mine's a fuckin dud. I want to kill him and trust me if the opportunity to do it came along, I WOULD. We're having another dance tonight, so I have to rush to get my work done. have some fun beth (i'll say something better later... gotta run) LATE

 man, where is everybody today?

 Hey from Washington D.C.!! I am having a lovely time in D.C. The people are interesting and the weather has been fairly cooperative. Today we went to Union Station and I saw an AMISH MIDGET!! I kid you not. I've been singing the "Touch my dave" song for the past two days, but I can't sing it out loud because people will just be like, "WHAT THE HELL?" My roommates are pretty cool. We're all pretty cynical and sarcastic, so it works out well. The food here is slightly shitty, but we get to have lunch at actual restaurants almost every day, which is a big plus. Actually, right now I'm hella bored. I haven't really made any friends here. They try to get us to know people by getting us to mingle, but I'm not a big mingler and half the people get on my nerves anyway, but that's just the way I am I suppose. I miss you all greatly. I hope you had a most excellent time at the beach. Tonight we're going to the FDR and Jefferson Memorials so that should be relatively interesting. I know Mandy has fond memories of the FDR memorial. It's weird because we keep going to all of these places and I have these flashbacks to 8th grade, which is slightly scary and funny at the same time. Well, I think I'm going to go to my room now or something. There really isn't much to do around here when you have free time, which is pretty sucky. I want to hear what exciting an intersting things you guys have been doing in my absence. I'll post again soon hopefully (it's a bitch to get a free computer). Peace out my homedogs.

 HAHA god jessie... that was the funniest thing i've ever read (your fatty list)... i had to wipe the tears away THREE TIMES as I read it lol worst thing is that i read it in a full computer lab and made an idiot of myself... oh well. syd read through it too and laughed pretty hard too. today was pretty cool... i finished up with work in the lab way early and then went out card shoppin (and thankyou gift shoppin) at Rite Aid, the bookstore, and Papyrus (big mistake to go there). I met up with Anthony at Rite Aid and he convinced a woman to buy two bottles of Charddonay for him. LOL. It cost $20 and he only ahd $16... she didn't even care. Damn friendly lady. Bet she could get even friendlier with some wine... mmmm I ended up getting the lab a thankyou card that says "Thanks from the bottom of my heart"... I'm going to cross out heart and put "lung" (we work on rat lungs). Yeah. Nice and corny. And I got cards for a bunch of other people too and used up all the cash on me. Now I'm poor for the rest of the week. Shit. Quarters and pennies from here on out. Anyway... I'm coming back Saturday afternoon... do you guys want to see the new American Pie movie Saturday night?

 fuck this fucking shit, i feel the pain of billy and mandy, mos def. it is fricking gorgeous and my parents are being complete assholes. i mean, i can't even go out right now, and i have no jenny to watch for like, 3 hours. blargen.... oh well, have fun ladies and gents... get those sexy tans!

 same here, supposedly i have to do "work around the house", even though i'm not really sure what that entitles, so have fun all who are going, and also if you guys do anything after give me a call, i'll most certainly be at home, erg...

 Fuck this shit. I can't go to the beach. I have to babysit my sister... Have fun @ the beach and play in the H20 for me. By the way, when you guys get back please call me. I don't want to stay home all day alone... *cries*

 do we have enogh rides or people?

 hey guys! anyone for the beach tomorrow? we'd leave after val gets out of class (whenever that is; asuming she can go)...so yeah...tell me este noche! Laura - what did i write?

 Oh Jesus... I knew that would come and stab me in the back. Your parents do know it was a joke kinda thing? right?

 My parents upon finding my yearbook and (apparently) reading it: Dad: This Billy guy, he seems kind of rude. I saw what he wrote on your yearbook!! Mom: OH! Well, did you see what Carlie wrote?!?! Me: MOM!!! You were reading my yearbook?!?! Mom: Well... Dad: Then again, have you seen teh way they talk to each other online? Mom: Yea... "Bye" "Later, bitch" ...weird...

 yea, totally! go val! hehehe, i want to learn to... but not in front of people cause i will fall in my ass and DIE!!! haha.

 i know a couple of guys who live by the park that can skate.... haha... that's really awesome though val, now you can skate away from scary men, and they won't be able to catch up to you! ^_^

 I have a skateboard now!!!!! ^_^ ^_^ We were over at my aunt's house for dinner and stuff, and my cousin Adam was asking us if we had our permits or licenses yet, and so obviously I said no, but I told him about how I've been taking the bus and learning the system, but that I want to get a skateboard so that I don't have to walk everywhere after I get off the bus, and so he let me have his old skateboard!!!! Weeeeeee!!!! ^_^ I've wanted a skateboard since 5th grade; I can die a happy girl now. ~_^ But yeah..oh man...so excited..I gotta find someone to teach me how to skate, though, 'cuz I'm pretty horrible.

 sorry, accidentally posted, so disregard that "?"

 ?

 okay, so the plan is going cubing @ 8. bring some money for the cubes, i'm gonna bring some towels, and then we should probably bring some warm clothing too. ~_^ but yeah, seeya later

 I could do stuff around 7 tonight. Otherwise I'm doing Jew stuff. *sigh*

 Hey, do you guys want to go cubing today?? I can't really do anything until like after 4ish, but yeah, I've got a hankerin' to do some cubing. Anyone else up for it?? And then we can plan for the beach tomorrow or whatnot, so yeah. ^_^

 oh man, you guys...I forgot to add this into my post earlier, but go read my livejournal again...something happened to me at the bus stop, and you all HAVE to read about it...and the entry is too long to cut and paste here, so yeah, go read my livejournal. here's the address again - http://www.livejournal.com/users/waste_my_days

 hey, I'm totally up for the beach on Saturday ((and yeah, this is coming from another person who can't drive)). I was thinking that one beach in Santa Cruz next to the boardwalk...the name of it starts with an S, but I don't remember what it's called, so yeah. But we can go to another one if we want. We could even hit up a beach in SF ((if anyone knows of one)), but yeah. So yes, I am for the beach on Saturday.

 word down. if anyone is up for the beach, then saturday would most definitely be an awesome day for it. depending on where we would go, we could even meet up with ryan in sf. that would be uber fun. so, who would be down for some time at the beach and then chill time at sf? i am, and i know this is coming from a person who can't drive, but we'll see about that come august 21st. wreck 'n effects, maggie!

 beach! the beach is that-a way!

 oh, okay, no go with beach on Sunday...beach on Saturday??

 the beach sounds good, but i can't go on sunday- that's the day before i leave and i'm going to be packing at the speed of light, but i do want to do something on sunday before i leave on monday

 i need the beach. i need sleep. fuck german up its deutsche ass. >.

 its 12:21 AM and i'm back, and absolutely no one is home, except for me. Porque you are asking, well, it's because my parents don't return home from the trip until sunday and because marissa spends the night at dave's house (don't ask, i have no idea). So yeah, I have returned and I'll write about my trip and read about your guys shennanigains in a bit but for now, since no one is home, i think i will run through the house naked...

 hey, do you guys wanna go to the beach this weekend?? I'm thinking Sunday....but yeah, just an idea....

 ^_^ Thanks you guys. It honestly felt so good to finally get it all out and everything. And yeah, I still think he's an effin' prick too, hahaha. I was so angry throughout the whole thing. Like the second he started talking to me, I started shaking with rage, literally. But yeah, glad it's all over and done with. ^_^

 JJ's a big fat patronizing dick. Fuck him in the ass with the candyman's broom. P.S.- I

 Yes, Val, we are your cheerleaders, and we say, "RIGHT ON!!" And you know what, for him trying to guilt trip you like that, he is a major fucking prick. Not even the good kind that can turn horny girls on, no no.

 Val... This may sound crass and rude coming from me like I shouldn't have said/should say anything in the first place but I feel I should. Rock on! It took major balls (in a matter of speaking) to do what you did. It takes even bigger balls to tell the truth and then also such verbal blows. Major props! I am glad that is off your chest and now onto bigger and better things. Also, maybe I shouldn't say this either, but I never really liked JJ. The first time I met him I introduced myself he looked at me and laughed. What a prick, I thought maybe I was wrong... I wasn't. GO VAL!!!

 ...you guys, I just had a confrontation with John...you can all go read it on my livejournal, I really don't care if y'all read my journal, anyways. There's 2 posts about it, 'cuz there was 2 IM conversations, so yeah. Read the first one ((which is beneath the one at the top)), and then read the most recent one. here's the address: http://www.livejournal.com/users/waste_my_days And yeah..I'm not as angry now...still shaking with rage, but I'm calmer...just really frustrated.

 Aww dude, I like Brad... and I wanna meet his friends, too... hahaha, I guess I just like meeting people... P.S. A polar bear weighs enough to break the ice!!

 I have no idea how much a polar bear weighs. Awww, duuude, you guys, I wish you could've been there, I got to hang with Brad and meet his friends tonight. They hellsa showed up at my house randomly, and so then we went over to Houge and stuff, and yeah. Brad was like "You should call your friends and have them come over here" and I was like "Yeah!!" But then I realized that I don't know anyone's cell # or whatever, so I was like "damn." But yeah, really wish y'all were there, his friends are cool. And yeah, now I have possession of Brad's hat...mwuahahaha...but yeah, where is everybody??

 one quick question! How much does a polar bear weigh?

 Billy feels Val's pain Slob on my nob like corn on the cob check in with me and do your job lay on the bed and give me head don't have to ask don't have to beg squeeze on my nuts lick on my butt the natural curly hair please don't touch First find a mate second find a place third find a bag to hide the whole face real name grover i said bend over started to nob then came the odor Can't remember the rest.

 swing swing swing from the tangles of my heart is crushed by a former love. can..you..help..me..FIIIND A WAAY TO CARRY ON AGAIN yeah, val's bored.

 Hehe, it's so funny on livejournal how there's this fatty community of people who know each other... but see, me personally, I am afraid to link people as friends if I don't *know know* them that well... I dunno, I am just shy about it...

 Hey, we watched Teen Titans @ Maggie's!!! Oooo, Robin...so sexy...heheheeeee. But yeah. Billy, you should IM Brett for his password, 'cuz I know that Maggie just gave her livejournal password to him. His sn is PaisleyOcelot, and yeah. Hopefully he hasn't given his away just yet. And then you can join the community!!! ~_^

 Wow, I just talked with a really good friend (Aaron Elbert) I haven't seen since 2002. We used to be best friends @ religious school but after Hebrew High we sorta fell out because we never saw each other. I'm going to hang out with him tomorrow. Sick! There is nothing better than seeing an old friend! Oh man, I'm so happy and excited, but I'm just hoping we mesh real well together like we used to. I would hate it if we drove around for fucking hours and didn't say one thing. Yuck. Oh well, I'm off to see the first episode of Teen Titans. I hope all the babies with drama can give it to Hata and be happy. Be glad everyone. Everyone be happy, I'm pretty happy. In fact, I'm going to brag and say that I am relatively happy most of the time. The only sad part of my life is being lonely every once in awhile, school sometimes, not knowing the future, death, and when I am fighting with someone in this group or Cortland or John. I like it when you do it like THURR! Oh man, I feel a good mood coming on. :)

 Hey, does anyone have a password for Livejournal? I think a journal would do me good. I got a lot of stuff on my mind (like most) but I thought maybe I could go on and do a little venting. So, if you have a password or code or whatever, please IM it to me or blog it? Thanks. Btw, what happened tonight? Sorry I couldn't go out but I feel a little too tired and I'm really not digging hanging out. Reason, I feel like this group communicates through journals, AIM, and blogger too much. I don't really care, but I'm tired of going out and not talking about anything!!! But, i can go on and read some journal and BOOM I'm done... It erks me. sorry, folks, billy needs a breather.

 i think i will be free after lunch with parents, so that should be around 1 or 2 ish... and then i can party hardy for the rest of the day. sorry i didn't get to party hardy today ya'll. no more movie madness for me. i saw pirates of the caribbean twice today... twice! i obviously have no self control. =D

 Yea, i can hang out for part of tomorrow, but i have church at 4.30, so that is when I will have to be home by?

 Hey, does anyone know what the deal is with Ryan tomorrow?? I guess he called me, but I've been at Neal's house all day, so I didn't get his call...and is anyone actually able to hang out?? Aaaah, combustication...

 Where is everyone?!?!? ARRGGG today is sad...

 interesting times these are

 Aww the eye makeup still wont wash off... I look weird.. Oh well...haha

 Alright everybody, I am about to go off to hang out with my Jewish posse, *sigh* I really don't want to. I think it is going to be uneventful and boring. I would rather stay and hang out with this "fucking lot" but I can't. Last night was funny and strange. I had a lot of fun and thanks for not giving me any crap about invading a designated girl area. I will remember all of the beautiful and slutty outfits WE wore. Have fun without me. BTW, Val, still stunned by your outfit, gestures, and pictures... Wow... That is all I can say... Wow. :) Later you boogers

 a fucking lot? that we are indeed. =D i love you jessie! *sniff sniff*

 fare the well my oh so sexy friends (as so proven bythis evening). i'm off to a camp until next saturday. until then, adieu, take care, and have a fucking lot of fun while i'm gone. love you, Jessie

 http://www.weebl.jolt.co.uk/view.php Craziness...she gets sexified...watch it

 Oooo, yay, Beth said we could do it at her house!!!! ^_^ This makes me happy. So okay, 7:30 @ Beth's house, and if there's any changes or whatnot, let me know. ^_^

 ...did people get my e-mail about tomorrow?? we still need to find a house to have it at...

 aww, Laura, it's okay - my mom made me wash my hair, so now it's a big poofball, so we can have crappy-looking hairstyles together, okay?? ~_^ and hey, we'll make it look better with a new makeover....tehehehe....

 I got my hair cut. I look like a boy... again. Hah. OH well. Don't make fun of me, i know it sucks, ok?

 dead ant! dead ant! dead ant dead ant dead ant DEAD ANT!

 Val, that is a sick Clefairy dance.

 YAY FOR BETH!!!!!!! That hellsa deserves a Clefairy dance... (>^_^)> okay, I'm currently in the planning process for the make-over party...I shall send an e-mail out to everyone once I gather my thoughts

 WOOHOO! I have conquered Crime and Punishment!! I rule!!!

 Nice one Val, yeah, let's hang out @ Beth's tonight. DEGRASSI TOO. I really hate that show, but i'll watch it.

 ...does anyone want to go to jamba juice? i feel like having something fruity...and by that i don't mean Mr. Smith...ahahaha, there's my lame joke for today...

 where is everyone? i feel like i haven't seen anyone in a while. I really want to do something tonight, so if you guys are up to it give me a call and we can hang out. my house is going to be empty tonight because my mom and sister are going to a concert, so people can come chill at my house if you want to.

 You guys, I'm watching this wacky movie with Jackie Chan in it. It is called the Big Brawl and Jackie Chan plays this asian guy from Chicago. He is really funny. He dresses like some Chicago hoodlum schmuck and speaks in broken English. HA HA HA. And he just got this chick that is supposed to be his brother's wife and she is a whore. Major hoochie. She was even hitting on Jackie CHan. Oh god, Jackie Chan and his old movies crack me up. So what is up with this group. It has been real quiet lately and I haven't gotten any calls about doing stuff. It is weird. It is like some bad shit went down and I don't know... LOL, you guys gotta watch this movie. Big Brawl, so dumb, gotta go.

 Nevermind

 I'm leaving tomorrow for Canada. Right now, I'm packing, and having to run means that i have to pack twice the stuff, so my suitcase is overflowing and i haven't finished the laundry to put in the rest of my clothes, since i'm bringing the vast majority of my clothes with me. O well. I come back on next wednesday, 9:22pm into SFO. Why we can't just land at SJ is beyond me, it would be much more convenient for me and carlie, since then i could give her a ride home. If something exciting happens, i always have my phone on.

 yes beth, having a peeled sunburnt pink racing stripe across your nose is the new "in" thing. duh, obviously. hee hee... no really, i don't know, but it's really not a good idea to be so bored in german that you start peeling at your nose.... let's just say that i now have a distinct ridge on my nose and it is bright pink and feels ghetto... yours truly (and quite idiotically), maggie*

 what is happening? did i miss something?

 Hey, just want to say that I'm glad at what is happening. Very glad... It is about time.

 "I can't have that twice!"

 darn peeling sunburn! atleast it's not a racing stripe (cough*maggie*cough)

 Um. I hate GlassJaw! :) Their shirts are bigoted and I hope they all burn! LOL

 by the way...i don't think glassjaw sucks...they just don't strike my fancy...nobody even asked my opinion and people are assuming that i think glassjaw "sucks" and it hurts my feelings that people think less of me becuase i supposedly hate a band that other people like

 okay- remind me not to read online journals- they just piss me off and then i feel like i can't reply to thoughts that i read in online journals because i feel bad that i have been reading somebody else's thoughts. it irritates and frustrates me beyond recognition and then makes me get mad at people that i don't want to be mad at...so no more online journals for beth ( yeah right- i don't have the will power NOT to read them- i suppose i like torturing myself

 hey guys, miss you mucho, i saw snow today and threw some at my little sister. mu-hu. aparently i got back my act and ap scores but marissa wasn't at home when i called so she couldn't tell me. got to go, talk to you later.

 I GOT A 4 ON MY AP EXAM!!!! I'M SO HAPPY!!! YAY!!! WE HAVE TO GO OUT AND CELEBRATE TONIGHT!

 hey ryan, nice to hear from you. we all should plan something on sunday then, it'd be good stuff. hey, i'm gonna be heading out to Starbucks in downtown Campbell sometime around 2:30. if anyone wants to come, that'd be awesomeness. i'll have my mom's cell ((#807-8302)) anyways, take care, everyone.

 hey... whats everyone up to this sunday? i'm going to be in san jose for the day and want to go hang out...

 ouch. very sunburned.

 Nice Val... Very nice! (refering to the Liam Lynch line) Beth, the website for the dates is this: http://www.shakespearesantacruz.org/summer03/calender.shtml By the way, this weekend, I think i am totally busy. Don't count on me for shit! Whatever...

 hey, i don't need an event for english, but can i come with you guys when you go?? and then it's 3 A.M. and I'm on the corner wearing my leather, this dude comes up and he's like 'hey punk' and i'm like 'whatever'

 hmm, mos def billy. good thinkin. well here is my schedual for the rest of this summer: July 14th-18th: busy at my church with a day camp till about 2 every day July 19th-26th: gone at camp Augest 1st-5th: Wyoming Augest 8th-15th:Florida ....so yeah i really want to go with yall, and i could totally drive a car of us up or whatev. the theatre is really really amazing and i hear they're doing really cool things with the show. so if we could find a date when i was around, it'd be rockin.

 wow- thanks for reminding me billy, i completely forgot about that. can you post the website again? i don't want to have to sift through all of the old posts to find it.

 Alright guys, I don't mean to be a stick in the mud but some of us really need to see a play... I thought maybe we could go down to Santa Cruz in two weeks and see Hamlet? I was wrong by the way, Santa Cruz has a Glen (wtf!!! Glen = Willow Glen, meh, oh well). So, just post on whether or not you would want to go or check the schedule and tell me a different date. Later peeps.

 Ok guys, I'm gonna be gone from sunday, July 13 thru wednesday, july 23. 10 whole days you won't see me. While I am gone, I expect everyday, someone to post what we did as a group, then I won't feel so left out. [boo-hoo] and i suspose i will periodically be able to check this at some cybercafe or some shit. if you guys miss me so much you can't stand it anymore you can always call my cell or you could just text message me, then I don't have to deal with roaming charges. I will miss you all. If you aren't jason, then you don't need to read any further because you might just up and barf all over your keyboard and computer moniter and I won't be there to bitch at: my little jas-ey poo, i will miss your chia pet like hair and chissled body; your condesending ass-iness and your elitest attitude, but most of all, I will miss your mother. xoxo your carlie-poo

 erg...i'm so disappointed. that cd i bought was a piece of poo. oh well, i guess i saw it coming- it was only two bucks after all...

 this may not be news to anyone, but i'm saying it anyways: I WANT TO DO SOMETHING TONIGHT! something, anything

 nevermind about the car show, maybe next week (or the week after and so on...)

 does anyone want to go to the car show tonight? i want to go sometime this summer, so if not tonight maybe some other thursday (Donnerstag) night (abend). well, the german one final is tomorrow but she gave us all of the exercises and all of the stuff that's going to be on the test, so that should be pretty easy. billy- i know how you feel, i haven't gotten to play tennis in a hella long time, mostly due to the darn coach moving the practices to a time when i have my german class, and darn bruce! if he makes me play or warm up w/ his son once more, i swear there will be a SMACKDOWN! i'm also hella bored (and tired of making flashcards) and need to get out of my house!

 hey, i'm up for doing something....i have the feeling that everyone is already out and about, but whatevers.....

 scratch the tennis. John didn't show up. very sad now, i really wanted to play tennis.

 I can do stuff later tonight. I have tennis till about... 3 or so. Let us party till our Dickens and Virginias fall off.

 I'm hella bored and totally free, so if anybody wants to stuff today, give me a holla

 yo yo! its 8:44 and class is all over with and the final was hellsa! easy! Class starts at 7:30 and we were done by 7:40. hehe! we tried to sell back our $57 book and the school will only buy it back for $2 bucks (those bitches!) so needless to say, we didn't sell. so, anytime anyone wakes up, Carlie and I are pumped and ready for business! woo-hoo foos!

 hmm, yeah, ah huh. oh! guess what a german cow says? MUH! MUH! MUH! (really, that's what Frau Keller said)

 i need to go shopping tambien

 hey, does anyone still need to go shopping for carlie's b-day present?? i still need to, and was wondering if anyone else wanted to go if they hadn't bought theirs yet either, and yeah.

 erg, mi madre won't let me go see officce space, erg but is anything going down pre movie?

 OH YEA office space.. hot damn i forgot...

 TOMORROWS FRIDAY!!! yeehaw. i'm gonna wear a skirt and be all girlish. lord save me...haha... and let's not forgett hat tomorrow night is office space if anyone would like to attend...let the good times roll!

 hmm

 interesting...very interesting...

 check you mail and read the thing from the district to the parents about the strike...it's quite humorous

 my stupid ass computer won't let me print the gov. assignments. what a bitch

 Website design is way boring. Soooo sloooow.

 straight from the bulletin for tomorrow: Senior Preferred Parking: The 60 senior parking spots will be numbered and ready for a lottery drawing at 7:00 AM Tuesday morning, Sept. 2nd . Any senior wishing to have their name entered must be inside the cafeteria by 7:10 Tuesday morning. See Mrs. Jones if you have questions. (Jones) Just so everyone knows!

 um hey... apparently i am taking josh's hours since no one else could (jason do u think anyone else can? would kristin and i be able to change shifts? i don't have anyone's phone numbers, so i need help there) so i can't make it at 4/5. what time is the game? maybe i can make that if i have to work.

 hey guys, we survived day one. woot woot. and yes carlie, of course i'm going to your party...how could i miss spending the time with your mom?? haha, jay kay homes.

 i think mine is about five pages- don't give up val, you can do it!!

 holy sweet goddamn...finished that goddamn Gov essay, finally...5 and 1/8 pages long. >_

 congrats to everyone for surviving the first day of school

 I can go

 my mom has got it goin on! oh yeah, all night long.

 i already told you that i can go, but yeah.

 I can go. I think that might have already been established, but just to clarify.

 crap! i do not know. still pending... i am supposed to be in sf for half the day and whatnot, hmmm... i will get back to you asap. >.

 Carlie, I can come to your soccer game party, hehe.

 kay guys...very important that i know if you can come to my b-day party on August 30th. That's a saturday. THe part-ay would be saturday evening, about 4:30-5 at my house, we'd eat dinner and then all pile into the fewest number of cars and drive to the game. Seeing as i have to buy tickets ahead of time, i need to know who's coming. SO far i think jason, beth, jessie, ryan and mandy have said they can come. THanks!

 hehe...maggie, you did more than run the stop sign...don't forget about running into the sidewalk because your car doesn't turn

 hehe, niiiice, billy. ^_^ oh man, you guys, i'm so effin' screwed on this Gov essay...I decided to go back and try a different style of writing, so I deleted that huge-ass paragraph about the Gobitis case and just kept my Intro, and now I'm trying to do what Billy said...fffuuuuuccckkk...I'm never gonna get this homework done. >_

 OH YEAH, GUESS WHO HAS BLACK CONVERSE NOW!? MMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 hey guys- i'm going to go to orchard valley this afternoon to finish my chem homework. if anyone wants to join me, call my cell. if not, i'll see you guys at the partay tonight. i'm hella excited- it's gonna rock the casbah!

 holy shit, i want to see! sorry i "ditched" you guys yesterday, but it was getting late and i also had a certain hatake tailing me.... I INTENTIONALLY RAN THAT STOP SIGN! it wasn't even running. more like a high-speed california stop. hot damn. anyway, i am going to the beach today and i am getting absolutely nothing done, wheeee... summer days are here to stay, i will see all you sexy muddas to-nite.

 Duuuude, you guys hellsa missed out with painting the light posts at Branham...we didn't even get caught or anything. Seriously, nothing happened AT ALL. And it was such good stuff. We repainted the 2 posts, and then we just did utter randomness on the third post. It's such awesomeness, really. ^_^ O_o Oh holy sweet goddamn...okay, I just typed up what I've written for the Convictions essay, of which I've only written an Intro and started on the Gobitis case as my second paragraph, and my Word Count is up to 422 words already....and Wally says 500 words is the minimum. >_

 HEY GROUP- I am going to this bbq thing at 3 today, but my parents said i can get picked up from it.. it's over by Branham, on Greenbank Court, so, if we do anything, call me, and I can go, ride permitting. I just want people to know to call my cellphone cause I want to hang out tonight hardcore. Maybe even hardXcore. Woot.

 Hey, I'm gonna be at Orchard Valley today doing stuff for Gov. If anyone wants to join, that'd be awesomeness, but yeah. I've got my mom's cell phone, so call if you want. 807-8302. And yeah, okay, I'm out.

 they're on sale at mervyns, but you can probably find them cheaper someplace else, but yeah.

 6? okay, I think that is a go code for the black converse... Now we just have to find them.

 aargh, I went to Play It Again Sports for a job application, but they're not hiring for the store near my house, they're hiring for the store in Mountain View. >_ BILLY, BUY THE CONVERSE, IT'LL MAKE THE LADIES GET ALL UP-ONS!!!! ~_^

 make mine a 5th. word down, all stars are hella pimp. and if i have not already terrorized your neighborhood this morning, then i shall soon enough. new driver on the road, look out! =D

 i would have to agree also w/ beth and val- dead sexy billy, dead sexy

 Alright, that is three votes...

 I concur. Billy, you could definitely pull off converse. I think you should hella get some and pimp them like nobody's business

 ULTIMATE SEXINESS? Okay that is two votes for converse

 Billy, I think you should totally get black high top Converse. It actually would look really good with you, you could totally pull it off. Val says Converse + Billy = ultimate sexiness. ~_^

 Hey, I'm wondering... Should I get black high top converse? I mean, would I look cool? or at least not homosexual/stupid/not cool/other bad things?

 PAR-TAY til the sun comes up!

 well, this morning has sucked big balls, but i guess the only way this day can go is up. we should party tonight- screw homework

 hmmm, well, yeah

 well if you're trying to fade me, then you must smoke crack! scroll buttons, aww yeah, like that heart attack... oh wow. i am borderline sleepy/awake. fuck registration. screwing around with my sleeping schedule, baaaaaahh... like sheep. good night and moo.

 woohoo- this has been a completely awesome day...damn orientation tomorrow. what are they thinking making the seniors wake up early to be at school at 8 o'clock? they must be on crack. that is the only possible explanation

 urgh...okay, i got new Converse for my birthday last night, but my mom & grandma bought the wrong color - they got me navy blue instead of royal blue. and so i was gonna go exchange them tonight, but then my mom told me that they bought the shoes at Mervyns...and Mervyns doesn't sell royal blue Converse!!! >_ i'm totally up for doing something tonight too, although i'm completely out of cash. well, except for $3, although that's not gonna get me very far. waargh...does anyone want to take a joy ride to see "my" car again?? i think i actually might be getting this car...things look good, but yeah. woot woot, we need a round-up.

 hey guys...i'm feeling very social and i definitely want to do something tonight, so give me a call on my cell if you guys want to do something

 thanks Jason-- that's more than what I was hoping to hear, actually, and I am really impressed at that. But thank you for it, really, I think this helps bitter feelings tenfold. =)

 hello! i'm home! whoo hoo!

 Laura, Im sorry. I meant to apologize around 2 days ago, but I wanted to do it in person, and get you alone for a bit, but I never got the opportunity. So this will suffice until I go out tonight. At first, I wasnt sorryI was under the impression that I hadnt even hit you, just popped 4 balloons in your face. I talked with several people the next day, and the day after that, and they werent sure either, so I did nothing. However, I had read your live journal because I needed to know what was going on, and in doing so found out what had really happened that day. I just want to say that I never intended to hit you, and that I was wrong in doing so. As Carlie has repeatedly told me, I could/should have just walked away, but I was too caught up in your antagonizing to do the right thingno, I am not blaming my actions on you, either, blame falls on me. And I am sorry for what I did. As for my pompous assness, to quote Carlie, I will try and avoid that. I never actually mean to be that way, it just happens to be the way things come out. So, Ill work on improving that in the future, although it may take a while, since I oftentimes dont realize that what I say comes out as condescending. Now that you know how I feel about the issue, and that I didnt know what had really happened, please take my explanation into consideration and understand my reasoning of the situation. Feel free to talk if you wish to yell at me or want more of an explanation.

 hey guys - soccer tournament was...ah...not so swell. We tied the first and lost the next to so yeah, im here and i'm bored and i'm free so someone give me a ring-a-ling-ling and we can do something. ps-remember-friday, 9 am, paint the senior parking lot, if you want a space.

 Ooo, yes, coffee, smoothies...all sounds good. ^_^

 ditto on the hanging out... i have to wash the cars...fun....but aside from that...i need to get out...maybe coffee or smoothies or some other beverage?

 I would like to hang out today as well, although contrary to the availability Val has shown... I would probably be free at 5:30-ish, for, say, the rest of the evening.

 krispy kreme was crazy-go-nuts, but crazy-go-nutty fun too. ^_^ i think billy learned his lesson about drinking creamers, though, hahaha. and yeah, i can do stuff for a little bit today too; i'm having my birthday party with my relatives tonight at my grandma's house, so yeah, i'll probably have to be home sometime around 6 or whatever. i'll try and think of something for us to do.

 hello folks...how was krispy kreme last night? if you guys want to do something today, i'm totally up for it. i have to go to church and to lunch with my dad, but i'll be free around 2 probably, so give me a call on my cell and we can go hang or whatever

 Oooo, awesomeness, we should totally go then. I guess there's a Goodwill Store on Meridian and Hamiliton, so we could totally go there. ^_^ Aaaah, I'm still in my pjs; I should get dressed soon if we want to go. >_

 Oooooh Val, I would do that! Sounds like fun stuff! A lot of peopel are in Santa Cruz for the Hamlet play today, but I know at least I and Laura Kassovic are around... I don't know about who else, really, I kinda lost track...

 aww, poor Hatake. better luck next time. hey, does anyone wanna go thrift store hopping today, or something like that?? I have the urge to go to the Goodwill Store or something and buy some funky stuff. Oooh, and I haven't been to 23 Skiddo in the longest time, either...hmmm...but yeah, anyone up for crazy-go-nuts shopping??

