

 Good Morning Folks, This is my way of just giving you an opportunity of looking at my mindframe everyday. I am not going to e-mail everyday because you all will get sick of me. Well, All is well on the eastern front of my world. I went home yesterday and hung out with my parent and that is always a good thing. My dad is kinda worried because his job is not doing well. Shit, how can Ieven tell him that my job is on it's last legs too. We have a meeting today and who knows what else will happen. I just keep that positive mindset and everything will fall into place. I stood home last night watching TV and actually got to catch NYPD blue. That is one of the best shows still left on the Boob Tube . Everything comes and goes and it is basically crap. Yet, they tend to keep me as an avid watcher. Nothing else really turned me on last night, not even the porno that I so gratuitously receive. I kinda get sick of porn after a while. Every single woman starts looking and sounding alike after several strokes from a 25 inch wang that double as a can / tripod. Today is good ol Wednesday and I am taking off Tomorrow and Friday. Tomorrow I am just taking some " Me " time. I wanted to take it on the weekend but I did so much and I want to be left alone. I know that being alone sucks but hey, I like to be alone. I have always been a loner and I know I will die alone. Ok... On to Poetry news... What can I say... Next Tuesday is Acentos and I will be there with my partner in tow ( or vice versa ). We have an HBO Def Poet in the likeness of Emanuel Xavier. Shit should be off the hook. All is good Peace Love Swallow like a fat chic on an Easter Ham >)))">

 Wow, last night was an interesting slam. That is in my eyes of course. I made it to Bar 13 through a headache that wanted to rip my eyes out of my head and make me swallow the little juice that fills up my eyebals. That is the type of headache that I had last night. I even asked Lenny to go to the store for me and pick up some advils. You know it was bad if I had to ask someone to get me Advils. It was the Hot and cold shit that was killing me yesterday. Ok, Back to 13. Last night was the Mini showcase, feature, semi-final slam. The showcase was a nice mix of who knows what. My headache was pounding and I barely remembered my name last night. I think I remember Nasdak reading because he had a good bye party so he was kinda the honored guest and all. I am going to get to the feature beause this girls is beyond incredible. Her name is Maya Azuzena and she was belting out some tunes last night that made people cry. I am not relgious in the least, she had me singing along with her gospel and all. She has a voice and displays it with such a fucking ferocity that it makes hairs stand on end. The slam cam and went and now some fears are seriously coming into play. This chic Claudia made the finals with her quirky little Poetry and just plain ol weirdness. Shappy made it and I was happy. I love his style and I had fiath in him. What kills me is that his homstead of Urbana failed to get him into the finals. Maybe Shappy should get a Bar 13 homestead. Second place was this Claudia chic. I knew after the second time around the judges were digging her. Not by the scores but by who was judging. That is another story. Marty came in Third and I was happy for her. I admire the hell out of Marty. She is really genuine. The brain that she has in her head is not even right. How can someone have that much knowledge. Some fuckers were discounting Marty for this final but I had faith in her. She did well and I am proud of her. So, another Monday come and gone from " A little bit Louder urlLink " mondays. I went home and made my usual White Castle stop. Oscar actually owes me some food that little bastard. I am pretty good the way things are turning out with me. I might have an opportunity to write for a magazine. I am thinking of starting school in September. I am reading poet after poet. Life is really coming together. Next week is Acentos and I am happy about that. I have put flyers on cars and tonight I am going out to do some more spots. We need to do our thing to get everyone out. OK, How do I feel today?? well, I am good. I kinda thirsty for more but if I rush it, I will get all fucked up. I am taking my time to get things done on my pace. I just became an Official member of the LouderARTS project and that was kinda weird. I didn't think I had what it took to get in but they thought otherwise. I am still feeling out what is the purpose of this Louder thing. They are all kinda hard to figure out but as always, everything takes time. So, Today, I will be off to buy a poetry book. I have so many suggestions to take up. Ok I love you like a skinny chic loves sticking a finger down her throat to throw up and maintain that anorexic curvy body that strictly resembles a q-tip. Peace >)))">

 Well, I am not tryig to make this blog entry all fancy and schmancy. It is just a small thought that jumped headfirst through my arms and hit my fingertips to be released through the keyboard. Thoughts are kinda nutty most of the time. When some one says think before you speak ". They mean the hell out of that!!!!! If I let loose of every thought, I wouldn't have friends, sex, or maybe even a life. Well, this weekend was excellent. Going backwards, yesterday was a great day in which I hung with the fellas. I also got to see my little god daughter. It was so coool to see her. Then My Man's little son was there and he was a trip. That little kid has to be a comedian in the making. So, no poetry to be mentioned for the night and we had an awesome time. Talking and bonding and everything else. Life is good.

 Be warned, I have issues

 White Castle, Good Deed, Influx of nerds Hello folks, I hope that when you all grace the eyes on your computer screen and you see my blog that you will get immediately horny and give a brotha an offer for a good sexual act. I am broke so any idea of getting paid is out of the question. Yesterday was a good day. I left my job a little bit late and that threw a wrench into my plans. I like to go home and visit my parents and mess with them for a little while. Funny thing is, I just called my moms while I was writing this and she was in the hospital most of the day with a fucked up case of acid reflux. That shit runs in our family and it is the worst thing in the world. I rather have a heart attack several times over with a buttplug used as a revival kit. She is ok though. My mother and I have a weird relationship. We have been getting closer over the years but when I was young, I was hating that lady. My pops is just my pops, he is just there and never says anything. He is cool though. I would give him a kidney if I had to. Back to yesterday, went to White Castle ( I am addicted ). I am just waiting for them motherfuckers at 13 to have another whitie eating contest, I would win that shit hands down. I would predict........ 10 in two mins!!!!! Who dares challenge me?!!!!!! So, I brought me a few and I remembered Shappy's Diary and how he loves Whities. Shappy and I aren't to the point that I ask him about his family but he hasn't given me reason to hate him. So, I did my good deed for the year and brought him 15 white castles as a gift from fellow white castle impressario. He seemed pretty happy with them and I hope he enjoyed them. I put them in the bar and Moonshine was looking at them and I was like, ok, shappy could enjoy about 3 after Moonshine is done. :) The nerd slam was somewhat decent yesterday. Yet, it was kinda dead. Shappy tried to make the best out of it but he couldn't really pull it off. I still had a good time. Poetry is always good with me. OMX showed up and we pretty much just gigged on this one dude that was " just weird " . Our evening was capped with a conversation with Cool Breeze, Celena, Shawn Randall. Talked about the blog and made our move away. I wanted to head to Kay's cafe and BEHOLD We just drove around and spoke about some candid topics last night and it was a good night. We came up with some ideas in which we have to implement to some of our other endeavors ( Acentos , louder, Workshops ). I have a busy weekend with some meetings, an art gallery opening in the Bronx in which I will read a poem, BBQ, maybe the Nuyo tonight to support Rob Neil. OK, nothing profound and prophet laden today. Just typical nonsense from me. Take care Peace, Love

 Seafood, Porn, Friendship, getting my ass whoooooped in pool As you read from the title, not everything is really in that order. Last night was a regression to my Pool night. My rather slimmed down best bud picked me up last night on a spontaneous note to go shoot some pool. Oh man, I haven't shot a decent game of pool in a long time. I used to go every single thursday as my " guys night out ". Eric and I actually got pretty good. Tom started going for the past year or two but he is not that good. :) Actually he is good also. Last night we just shot some pool and got around the basics of conversations. 5 pool games later, I refuse to lose a 6th time, so I called it a night. Fuck that nigga. I played damned good last night but I just couldn't get the win. I really don't care if I win or not, I play well and I am happy. Plus, I don't tend to get all competitive over a pool game where recreation is all we are getting out of it. Why even stress it??? IF I was playing against someone I didn't know or for money, I tend to bring it up to another level. I tend to play down to whoever I am up against. I do this and I have no clue why. Funny thing is, I do that in poetry also. When I am around scrub poets, I read scrubby. Since I am surrounded by these awesome poets, I have to keep that shit on another level cause these motherfuckers make you look like shit. Left the pool hall and headed to City Island and had the " seafood ". Yes, I had seafood last night. I actually put into my system the stuff that gets me incredibly " Randy BABY".!!!! 10 jumbo fried Shrimp and 6 large bottle neck clams ( RAW )!!!! You all know that myth that seafood is nature's viagra??? Well, myth or not, I eat seafood and I am about to molest the nearest watermelon possible!!!!! ok, let me get back to my dawg Eric, we had a nice conversation about mostly everything. Our lives, weddings, friends, worries, kids, relationships. It felt kinda good that he supported my decision to be alone. He even understood it because he knows me. That kinda made me feel that my decision was the right one. We spoke about his wedding and that was cool. I can't believe that he is getting married. He is not doing that bootleg city hall marraige nonsense. He is actually doing the off the hook huge ass wedding. I am happy for him, his fiance is a great girl. Even thought she don't like me, I know she is a great girl. Why she don't like me??? heehee, I won't write that here. So, after several good laughs and tidbits of life, he dropped me off at home. I was working my piece for the Dark future slam but that damned SEAFOOD GOT ALL UP IN MY SYSTEM!!!!!! So, I pick up the phone and call one of those sex lines. LOL.. Just joking! I did call thos back in 97 when I broke up with my ex and she took almost 700 bucks from me. The phone was under her name so I called the sex lines and just had a normal conversation with teh sex operators. They were loving me. I would call and just say, " No sex talk " tell me about you ". So 900 dollars later, I think I got my paybacks. Back to my seafood release from last night. I picked up the phone to make a 2am booty. I put the phone down. I realized, booty calls are wrong. Plus, Oscar would have been mad at me if I called him at 2am. LOL... Don't get me wrong, I am not gay but 10 years in jail, if you are my cell mate, you better be strong and a good fighter. So, three hours of porn and I was good. Any other information is not pertinant to write here. Tonight is Urbana's Nerd slam. I don't think I could slam in that. I am going to protest and have someone start a ghetto slam. Only poems about ghetto and slums allowed. I am actually deliberating about going to Kay's Cafe to see Ebony Washington and rip her a new asshole for not showing Acentos love. Even though some people would say we don't need it, I still love to give guilt trips. So, with my wrist hurting like hell after three hours of porn .....uh....... I mean .......typing. I will bid you farewell. Take care Fish

 LIfe is good I come to work today and I feel really good. I have been in a mental rut for a while now but today I woke up, farted, rolled out of bed and smiled. Things like this is what makes me wonder why does life get hard?? You all know that I am the happiest go lucky person out there. Nothing in my life can be bad enough to make me suffer and be miserable. Yet, when I know others are hurting and in dire need of a shoulder, hug, friendly smile. I tend to suffer for them. I feel for people so much and it hurts me to see them hurting. Funny thing is, it's like a vicious cycle. If I am the one doing the hurting to somebody, I hurt also. Hold on, I am doing the hurting so how can I hurt??? Easy, I am the lacky that has caused emotional pain to someone, that is not cool. I have this problem and someone might think that alot of people are like this. Well, I tend to give things thought for too much time. IF I am having a conversation with you and you mention that they are laying people off in your job and your job is in jeapordy, I will tell you, " You will be ok ". Then I am off and I will feel this weight on these shoulders that will literally crush me into the ground. I have shed many tears this week over my life getting pulled in 30 different directions. I have gone into seclusion somewhat because my constant need to be alone is hurting tooo many people. My dad's job teetering on the edge. My friends in finacial straits. I have too much to worry about. The way I used to counter this was the good ol fashioned " Fuck it ". I would just wake up and say " Fuck everything " and walk a happy strut across my ghetto. Thing is, I can't say that to my writing, I have never had something that I have loved so much in my life. I love to just write. Whatever the case might be, Poetry, journal, letter, screenplay for my first porno. I love to just get my fingers moving on a keyboard and type some shit. I am good . I am happy today. Last night was Acentos and it was actually pretty good. I got there a little bit toooo late because of fucking traffic but that it was a good time to get there. The crowd was pretty consistant as it has stood that way since day one. The features last night were good. Michelle Kotler from the Community Word Project had to be the most grateful feature we have had at Acentos. She is completely adamant about her cause to help the less fortunate and I felt that it was heartfelt. Rachelle Street read one of her poems about her kids. Lisa read a poem in which I would hate to go up against in a slam. That girl has a great heart and you can feel that she is good people. The crowd was good last night and the open Mic was very strong. Shit, suprisingly strong actually. I got to sell 5 Cd's last night and i WAS happy about that. I am pimpin those cd's like my rent depended on it. I even sold one on the train this morning. I am telling you, This big intimidating body works well to scare people into buying product. At the start of the night, the cd's weren't going to sell for 15. Yet, with the courtesy of the Acentos Founders, we sold them for ten and they went pretty good. I hope the powers that be will realize that 10 is better then 15. sidenote : Ja-rule is going to get killed real soon. Mark my words Back to our program. Hope you are all well Be good. Peace.

 Why First and Foremost, I would like to thank anyone and everyone who has read my blog and sent me notes of encouragement, notes of thanks, notes of appreciation and sex offers. As A man, it is hard to turn down hours and hours of gratuitous sex, yet, I tend to stick with just women. So guys, enough of that ALREADY!!!!!!!!!!!!! Well, I am back at my job and my weekend was ok. I would write about it but it have already put it in here. Here is a little didiy I could write about. This morning I am coming in on the train and in walks this huge ( 6 ft 5 ) woman. She has to weigh an even 200 solid. Nice skin, Long hair, Long legs that never seemed to end. Large round dark eyes that seemd hypnotic at some point. Her throat also contain a huge adams apple that seem to bobble with every click of her gum. Now people, forgive my ignorance ( or bliss ) but, I always thought that women don't have adams apples. This was one of the biggest she/ he I have ever seen. I am telling you. HUGE!!!!! I have always wondered why do people do this??? Is it genetic? Is it confusion? Is it that they like to wear female clothing? What??? Can anyone scoop me??? Don't e-mail me some intellectual thesis. Just tell me, why!!!!! I have nothing against a brotha that wnat to grow hair take hormones and even wear high heels. Damn, it is just confusing. You see this incredible woman ( or man ) and they are packing. The scary part is that they are usually packing some serious meat. Not only is she 6 ft 5 but she is carrying around 9 inches flaccid. That is not cool. So, in my current state of being alone, I feel safe. Let me run, Peace, Love. :)

 ************ Official Plug ************* Just when you thought that the bar could not be raised any further, Emanuel Xavier took the crowd at the Blue Ox Bar to a higher plateau with his polished performance and straight-to-the-heart poetry. Fresh off his recent appearance on HBO's Def Poetry, Xavier shared poems from both his previous book, "Pier Queen," and work from his most recent publication "Americano." His feature was an amazing journey through all the dichotomies of Nuyorican life that left the Acentos audience mesmerized throughout. Not ot be outdone, the Acentos Open Mic was a hotbed of new voices that included Jayme del Rosario, Chance, Al B Back, Betty Leon, Rajao, Hermen Rodriguez, Henry Valentin, Lilah, & John J. Valdes reading alongside louderARTS regulars Raymond Daniel Medina, Holmes McHenry & Roger Bonair-Agard. Acentos returns this Tuesday, May 27th at 7:00pm with featured poet: Michele Kotler ... Michele Kotler is the founding director of the Community~Word Project. She received her MFA in creative writing, poetry from the University of Michigan. Through her work with Community~Word, Michele has run collaborative creative expression workshops with young people from all over the country ... Blue Ox Bar (Corner of E 139 St & 3rd Ave... 1 Block from the 6 Train 138 St/3rd Ave Stop) FREE! ($5 suggested donation at the door) Hosted by Oscar Bermeo urlLink Acentos urlLink Community Word Project Acentos Schedule: Tuesday, June 10th @ 7pm Open Mic & featured poet: Steven Bonafide Rojas Tuesday, June 24th @ 7pm Open Mic & featured poet: Toro Tuesday, July 8th @ 7pm Open Mic & featured poet: Mariposa Tuesday, July 22nd @ 7pm Open Mic & feature poet: Cheryl Boyce-Taylor Hosted by Oscar Bermeo FREE! ($5 suggested donation) urlLink Acentos louderARTS Events: Monday, June 2 @ 7:00 pm a little bit louder | 13 Bar Lounge | 35 East 13th Street, NYC Open Mic, feature Steven Bonafide Rojas & the 1-2-3 Slam! (Slam and open mic sign up @ 7pm) $5 cover ($4-students), 2-for-1 drinks urlLink LouderARTS Project Wednesday, June 11 @ 7:00 pm synonymUS Collaborative Open Mic & Sou MacMillan with Daily Mouse $6 cover ($5-students) urlLink synonymus Future Events: Thursday, May 29 @ 6:30 pm Bronx Recognizes Its Own 2003 Award Speakers Series Presenting two artists from the cross disciplines of photography and poetry, exploring the similarities between these distinct art forms and allowing aesthetic exchange between the artists and the community... Poet Rick Pernod & Photographer Luis Fonseca Bronx River Arts Center | 1087 East Tremont Avenue | 718 589-5819 urlLink BRonx River Arts Monday, June 2 United Bronx Parents, Inc., Center for Puerto Rican Studies, and the Hostos Center for the Arts & Culture cordially invite you to Puerto Rican Politics in the U.S. Featuring music and dance presentations by Alejandra Vasallo & Carlos Tato Torres Reception-- 5:30pm Program-- 6:00pm RSVP-- 212.772.5714 Hostos Art Gallery | 450 Grand Concourse | IRT 2,4,5 trains to 149 St Station Wednesday, June 4 @ 7:00 pm Bronx Council on the Arts presents First Wednesdays at the Blue Ox Bar featuring Raymond Daniel Medina & John Rodriguez FREE! Blue Ox Bar | Corner of E 139 St & Third Avenue | IRT 4,5,6 trains to 138 St Station urlLink Bronx Council on The Arts ____________________________________________ To have your Bronx Poetry Event listed here, please send an e-mail to acentos-owner@yahoogroups.com **************** Say Good Bye to Official Plug *********

 Fish ALMIGHTY!!! LOL. I think the best thing I love about my bloggers is that I laugh from the very start of my entry. I don't give it much thought about how I am going to start it but it makes me laugh as soon as I type. Well, yesterday was a cool day. I was home and I decided to head out and about and take on my little ghetto of the Bronx. The weather was really bad yesterday though. Then again, today wasn't much better neither. I hung out with a friend yesterday ( Primarily because she has the movie connect and I didn't have to spend a dime ), I headed to catch that " Bruce Almighty ". It was actually a pretty cool flick. Carrey had the whole " typical Carrey " thing going on and the movie had it's moments. One particular part of the movie had him trying to make a prayer to God and he just wanted to best for his girl that caught him in a lip lock with another girl. So he prayed that he wanted nothing but happiness and health for his girl. He wanted her to find someone that will treat her and love her the way she needs to be treated. He wanted her to find happiness at an unconditional state. That part of the movie hit home. I have always felt that when you have something or someone and you feel you can't treat them right, let them go. Let them go to find true happiness and love and whatever else tickles the pickles. I have done that in my life and I felt it was the right decision. Why be with someone uphappy??? You see, when you're unhappy, you will bring others down with you. I never want to bring others down with misery, pain, and some stupid shit. Some people are quick to point out, "Fish, you sound depressed ". I counter, " yea, I need to move to another country ". Sure enough, I have given that sooo much thought over the past couple of years. Just to get up and go and just bounce. Thing is, I have soooo much stuff in my apartment, I could just put it in storage and go out and be gone. Being here alone seems selfish, being alone in another state is freedom. My parole ends on Oct 7, 2003. After that date, who knows where I will be. I could go to Florida and live there with a few freinds until my feet get grounded. I could go to California and stay out there. Whre would be writers paradise ? Where would I be most constructive with my writing ??? I vote California. I could maybe start writing a ghetto sitcom for UPN! LOL So much to think, So much to do. Am I going to write some profound prodigal shit?>???? Nope. I am just writing what is on my mind. I guess my mind is not profound. :) Tommorrow is urlLink Acentos and I am looking forward to it. This venue is really doing well. Oscar has been doing some shit and I look up to that little motherfucker more and more. I thought for a while that LOUDER was the only features we were going to have, sure enough, he has gotten some good people to come feature. Tomorrow is Michelle Kotler he is a sweeheart and probably one of the most important people in the poetry scene. Ok, I am done be good Peace, Love, Swallow

 Gasoline and Paint and two hours of my time Well, ajax, dawn, absolutely nothing removes the smell of gasoline. Yeserday was a rather interesting day that tested my temper. A day in which every iota of my patience was tested. I almost failed. I was mostly in my house yesterday writing and ediitng my work. I was ready to hit Poetically Incorrect and give them something new. Behold, I get to my car and I see a flat bottle of White shoe griffinth in the street next to my car. I am walking towards my car saying........... " no..........step.........no....step...no.........step.........no......step..........FUCKK!!!!!!!!!!! White paint on the whole back quarter panel of my car, my tire, my rim. I thought that going to the car wash would remedy this situation and I would make it on time to the open mic. Go to the car wash and pay 4 bucks and go through...... Not a damned positive result. So, I am stuck with the dilema of going to the open mic in a bad mood and fucking somebody up or getting some gasoline and removing the paint. I chose option " B ". YOu people know that I take care of my car better then what I treat certain people. I head to the gas station in hopes that it would come out quick and it took two hours of hardcore elbow grease to get the paint out. I cursed the mother of the bastard that dropped that bottle in te street. I wished death upon them every moment of my waking day. Then, I thought, what if it was my dad that dropped the bottle in the street?? Well, FUCK HIM TOO!!!!!!!!! So, after two hours of gas wiping and actually getting kinda high. I headed home and I didn't want to be bothered. I woke up today after three showers and I can still smell the gas within skin. NO poetry, no rading, no writing, no jerking off ( My dick would smell like gas ). I was really hating life. but........ Good News, I got a phone call today from the " Bronx Academy of Letters ". This is a new High School in The Bronx that will concentrate on Writing and Poetry. June 3rd is the first open house and I was invited to speak to the man in charge and everything seems promising. Let's see how we can make this good for Louder and me Financially. Ok, I feel better today . I am sorry for those Phone calls I didn't take yesterday. I was a little bit busy wiping shit down. Peace, Love, Do anal, swallow, and THREESOMES!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 Edits, edits, edits Yes, I am gettting ready like hel for this Dark Future slam at Bowery. I think I have my Apocalypse thing down good. I will post it here and get some insight from the three people that surf my blog. Yesterday was my day to go the Freshstart meeting. Simplly put, it was a waste of time. What i said at the meeting, I could have said it on e-mail and the phone. I hope it is good brownie points for Louder and me. At least I walked in Professionally as possible and spoke pretty articulate. This is my weekend and it seems that I will veg at home at my lap top writing and editing. I have two poems for the dark future slam and I need one more. I am working hard for that slam. I think I am going comedic for the last poem. If I have a good lead, I think I could pull off a funny poem. Then again, I am to new to use strategy. Tell me what you think about this poem, just leave the comment in the Guesbook. Peace Fisrt Round Poem on July 3rd " Destruction on Dependance Day" MY APOCALYPSE The winds of Apocalypse have been transformed into the sands of Armageddon. Skies reddened with reflective flames consuming life A deep sucking gasp of air supplying murder to young fathers , death to young mothers, mayhem to my generaton A creation of a 2003 holocaust that will blemish our history Tarnish our minds; feed ignorant egos Think about upstate Reservoirs poisoned by chemicals by religious fanatics Death within your NYC water The filter connected in the kitchen becoming a machinary of death Rotting supplies of food paving ways for disease Ctown, Pathmark, Keyfood selling your death Violence has no meaning, it is now survival Stolen elections a minor memory as Governments collapse with no control Anarchy, looting, chaos, opportunity is not priority Government pandering media moguls no longer able to hide truth and injustice because Con Edison has exploded Electricity powers nothing 9/11 now seems tame Doctors are no longer saviors Beth Israel is no longer a safe haven Tri-state fires have no ending An unforgiving fire threatens you A living breathing beast that will kill your family, destroy your home What are you going to do? with Common colds becoming the new black plague Ebola on your block, Anthrax in your neighborhood, SARS in your lungs, HIV in your blood, Which will you get? Which will kill you? As mother earth shows her anger, where will you accept her murder of you? Overpowering repugnant odors of death reminding you; your time is near Chunks of flesh at strewn every street corner Pieces of bones crunching under fleeing footsteps God is not hearing cries Allah doesnt know you Buddha meditated his way to his OWN safety Krishna has turned a deaf ear Body mounted upon body Screams trapped in the bottom of your stomach with no chance of an exit Glass breaking and children crying Suicide and homicides resemble Our Skyscrapers tilt, buckle, and crumble like a relentless waterfall No bridges to escape, Washington Bridge, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and so ondestroyed Dust in a pseudo tango with metal and concrete Subways stop as tunnels fold on top of themselves Lincoln tunnels and Holland crack and kill hundreds to maybe thousands by drowning See , Nature and mans ignorance has a wrath like no other Finger numbing winds cracking the skin around your face Mid Country Tornados giving strength to East Coast hurricanes Over Sea Typhoons born under west coast earthquakes Man has darkened the sky Nuclear clouds block the sun Air is thin Trees die Grass doesnt grow Animals are helpless Avalanche burying country side NJ mansions with rock slides, mudslides obliterating all The Hudson River and the East river meet at 5th avenue Land over run by crushing white walls of water The earth is fighting to survive Its atrocities bled upon a defenseless race With continents shifting, sinking, and imploding Earthly cracks open and swallow populations whole Ashes fall upon our city our city becomes ash Its Time to start over it's time to start over It's time to start over Where will you be? Fish

 Plays, prose, Poetry, and some other crazyness Good morning folks, ANother installment of my blog today. I just thought of something. Many of the blogs that read tend to write about some deep minding life altering moments and revelations. I tend to just write about my previous day and how I felt about it. Hmmmm.... Ok..... Let me enter some profound shit now. " Go to bed with itchy ass, wake with smelly finger " Ok I'm a prophet. Well, last night my Partner and I headed to the " Bronx Academy of Arts and Dance ". They had a show consisting of (from what I saw) Comedy, short excerpts of plays, Spoken word, interpretive dance with Poetry. This was the first time that I headed to this spot. I fell instantly in love with this spot. It had a dance floor ( not a dance floor like a club). It was for shows and stuff. The establishment had bleacher seating and great lighting. It wasn't Radio City Music hall but to see something like this in Hunts Point, it was awesome. The show consisted of several people going up when their time was due. They did whatever they were supposed to perform and then move on. I would write what I liked most about the show but I will write about the worst moment. ( it makes for better writing ) So, I have been around the Spoken Word scene and I hae seen some winners ( Can you smell the sarcasm ?). I have seen some dudes read a poem for 9 mins and said absolutey NOTHING. I have seen some people just plain suck!! If You want a list of who they are , e-mail me and I will gladly tell you. Now, last night this dude went up and he ran an excerpt of his one man show. It was a 5 page poem of how he was living with someone that refused to flush after he used the bathroom. I give the guy credit that he got a set of balls that clank to get up there and read total garbage. He siad that writing to him was therapeauticand an alternative to a life of violence. I thought he was going to read some shit that would make Buddha go " YOU da MAn ". Yet, he actually made me want to leave. Wait, I did leave after him. I wasn't going to let this guy taint what little I have learned with saying " load and camode", Joint and Point, rush and flush" . I supported brotha Guy last night while he read his poetry. He did his thing and most of the poetry was actually really good. One our our next features also read last night and SHIT....... Oscar made an excellent pick last night. He did really well. Since last night I was almost Oscar's date, I had to take him out to dinner to negate everything. That motherfucker was about to put a skirt on me. He paid for my ticket to the show and brought me a soda. I said, oh no, this motherfucker is thinking some shit. So, I went and brought some popeye's chciken last night. I love that place. It is one step after White Castle. I came home last night and made a quick shot to the bed. I was tired and I had to get up early to get here today. As you can see by this entry, that didn't happen. We have a long weekend and I don't have plans at all. I am most likely going to Poetically Incorrect Saturday. After that, my weekend is open and most likely I will just edit and edit and edit and edit some pieces. I have two slams coming up and I am really preparing for them. I need to at least be competitive. So let me write some more personal attributes of my life. I am feeling ok today. I was really out of it for a little bit but I am back on track and I am just " staying grounded ". These are probably the best words I have ever heard come from anyone's mouth. I have so much going on and want to go to so many places, I have lost track of who I was and what got me here. So, my life is my life and I needed to get it together. I feel better and I am happier today then what I was . So, on that note. I hope you all have a great weekend and eat some BBQ!!! Sign my guest book at least before you fucking leave!!!!!! Peace, Love, Bless not stress Fish

 Sushi and tits Wow, what a combination!!!!!! Yesterday was a better day then most. I felt pretty good and did sevewral things that I could consider constructive. I sold 2 more Cd's and I have three on hold until the money gets to my hands from Albany and Florida.I am going National with " 5 past 13 ". I am going to call my ex in California and tell her to get in contact with her co-workers that are mainly spread around the fucking globe. It is just a little self-defeating that I have to pay postage out of my own pocket. That is ok, I'll charge my company!! LOL Last night was a really nice night. I was invited to a small dinner/ going away party at Ray's house ( fellow poet ). His friend Elaine is going back to Monetreal so we all got together in his house and had a " Take out " party. Everyone that got there just ordered take out food. I have been in the mood for sushi for such a long time, so I ordered some sushi and it was ok. We all had a nice time just talking about a variety of topics. Ray and several people headed to the room and started jamming and that was awesome. Live music in one of the most laid back atmosphere's I have been in a very long time. After the sushi ( Which made my stomach twist in several different directions ), we made our way out of there. It has been a long time so I headed to one of my pre-poetry jaunts in Queens. Dumbarton's IS ALIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I thought the place was going to be different but not one single thing has changed. The only thing missing was the smoke. Besides that, about 10 girls dancing and trying to make money. I knew 2 of them from my " going to a strip bar everyday " days. They acted like if I died. " Whre you been?" , " Oh my God, Where have you been "?... oooooooohhhhhhhhh............ fuck you!!!! This one Dominican chic was high as fuck. I gave her my voucher to get her away from me and she drank her shot and it went straight to her head. She is straight up crazy. I asked her about doing a bachalor party in September but sure enough, she was pissed at me because I didn't get a dance with her. I waved good bye to her and she actually rolled her eyes at me. I was like, damn, they are pretty hard up for money these days. So, my search for strippers for this party has officially started. So..... sushi and tetas for the evening. Not much really impressed me. They had this one chic that was pushing at least 280 pounds. I am joking you not. SHe had the ass of walrus and elephant mixed. What amazed me was that she was actually gettting guys to buy dances. Shallow Hal is in effect!!!!!!!!! :) Peace

 Good Freakin Morning!!! Just got to work and I am writing to my hearts content. I feel much better today. As you know from yesterday's entry, I was hating the world and I chose to stay away from everybody. Today, I am not in the " I hope everybody dies " mode. If you would have died yesterday, I wouldn't even have paid the news any mind. Today, I might care. :-) Well, I spent most of my evening writing last night and fiddling with my new phone. I brought a house phone with caller I.D and answering from AT&T. It cost 89 bucks at the store. Yet, catch a crackhead with a box of them selling them for 20 bucks each and you offer him ten bucks take it or leave it, and, hip hip hoooray...........new phone!! It is kinda cool. It is nice and loud ( my hearing is fucked up) and it has an answering machine with caller I.D. I can't go wrong for 10 dollars Yesterday, a young lady signed my guestbook ( yes, PEOPLE CAN DO THAT YA BASTARDS) and she mentioned that she was on my list several years back. You see, when I first had access to e-mail in my job, that is when I really started writing some serious shit. I used to steal every single e-mail possible and just send out these e-mails that I called " Fishism's ". They were just simple rantings and freewrites about whatever topic I felt about sharing. Basically, the brunt of them were about fat chics and blowjobs. I just went overboard and wrote the most raunchy and nasty notes that would make people go " oh god that guy is sick ". Still, people tended to read them and they loved them. When I started writing Poetry 90% of the time, I stopped writing my fishism to concentrate more on my poetry and all the work that I had to get done.Some people will never forget those Fishisms and all the crazy content that went with them. I am taking this opportunity to come back from my little mental hole that I dug yesterday. There are soo many people that I love and I can't live without. Firstly, Eric and Oscar... These two dudes are my heart. Eric with 9 years of a hardcore friendship that has helped me through the lowest moments of my life. Oscar that single handedly jumped start my writing and has grown to be probably the most influential man in my writing in the past 2 years. I think about these two and no matter how bad things are, we have had some moments that put a smile on my face. There is my moms and pops, I need nothing else to say that these two people have pumped life into me. I love them dearly. So many people and not enough time to show that love. I feel good today. I got love for all of you that have graced this blog today. I hope all is well. Peace Love Bless not stress Thanks for that e-mail dude..... the e-mail " fell in my Lap" and it made sense.

 I am in the house Well, I am at home and I will stay here. I wanted to show some love to the first time " Poetry Hill " at st Nicks but with the bad mood that I am in, I won't be to productive haveing people look at me wondering if I wanted to kill everything and everybody. So, time to write some profound, prodigal shit. Here goes............ My life as Fish... I am 32 years old and it seems that is the only thing that is good in my life. I am a writer with a forte in Poetry. I have taken part in Slams, facilitated workshops, ran venue's, bonded with some great people. This is about as positive as it gets. I am the perfect image of a ghetto nightmare. I have stories that makes the average human being cringe. I am saddened every day of my waking life by memories of suicide, murder, incarceration, drug use, abandonment. My Poetry talks about my life and every fucked up moment I could think of in the ghetto. Is this poetry?? How much longer will people take my images and rants of ghetto jaunts. How much writing can I possibly do until someone pulls my card and says " Can you write anythng else besides ghetto stuff?" After I break their jaw, then what? Today was a hard day for me. I spent most of my day alone and only spoke to one friend in which I never thought I would confide in. She helped me because she too is going to something similar with a break-up with someone that she has spent 18 months with. I have someone in my life tat I am completely torn over. I wanted this woman in every sense of the word. I chased her down and I won her heart. I treated her as I treat any woman that I know is worthy to be treated as a queen. I introduced her to my parents and I was convinced that my life was going to be with this beautiful, sexy, intelligient woman. Somewhere along the line, I found myself getting increasingly aggravated. I found myself disagreeing and arguing over the smallest of reasons. I wanted to be best left alone more and more. My yearning for commitment grew strong while my taste for the solitary eclipsed almost everything. I continously battle demonsto progress in life. I knew in my life that I was destined to be a failure. I accepted it and I made it work for me. As my destiny proved incorrect, I amwriting my way into a placce in history. Someone has to write about something. That person will be me. Unfortunately, it seems that I will do this alone. There is a woman that is incredible in every sense of the word and I can't be with her. I have gone through several relationships and this is the end result. I am the failure in relationships and I have to fix that. I have to take some important steps to become something better. Hopefully, I can do this and be fair to any woman that comes into my life. My life..... MY life....... My life is really sucking today. This would make for a great poem but it is just more out and out bullshit that I am writing in this journal to get it out f my system. I keep a seprate journal that I have written in for about 9 years now. Every single day, I write what I feel and it turns out to be a good way to get it out of my system. I was really close to saying fuck everything today. I used to be very self-destructive and not care about shit. Just put everything behind me and keep on walking. For some reason, I have pt so much energy and love into my writing, I can't give up on it. Writing never gave up on me, I can't give up on it. There is so much that I would love to do and get done. I am ust taking my time and letting things come to me as they see fit. I am not a chaser of some things. I let things kinda fall in my lap. That is how my life and writing pretty much has gone, My uppercase fell in my lap and I made that a night to remember. My collective membership fell in my lap, my features, my hosting, my venue. Then again, did it fall in my lap or did I work hard to make it all pay off? Well, time to go work on my Dignity piece. I feel like shit but my words heal. It is weird I ranted and made no sense but that is the purpose of this..... Just to write and get things out

 Everything is good? Well, yesterday was a good day. I had some work to do because my co-worker decided to take the day off. I don't mind, most of my day I spent switching around this blog and creating havoc. I posted some shit yesterday and if you didn't still the code, too bad. I know I pushed the issue yesterday with some immoral shit, but you know what??? I say anything in front of anybody at anytime. I am not a hypocrite. I pride myself by that motto. If I don't like you, I am not talking to you. So, here goes, if I never at anytime have even muttered a " hello" to you or attempted to engage in a conversation, this means I don't like you. Most likely, you won't like me netiehr so it's best to keep your distance. I have a persona of the nicest guy in the world, until you get on my bad side. I have a temper and I wouldn't want anyone to see that bad side. I am not much in a good mood today as you can tell from the start of my blog. I am really close to just going away for a little while. Things are getting complicated and I am hating it. No Poetry, No Bar 13,no reading,no visits, No hanging out, No phone calls, no writing, no teaching,no nothing!!! I hate when things happen and they get me more confused and fucked up in the head. I am writing this through fucking tears right now. My life is going great with the new people in my life. The collective are a great bunch and I am loving them. Eric is my heart and I miss him so fucking dearly. all Positive right?? Well, My dad might lose his job. My mother is not happy just staying home.I don't know what I want in my life!!!!!!! I want get away from everything . Everytime, something happens, it makes my life worse. I don't want to speak to anybody right now. No therapists, doctors, friends, God. I want to crawl into a little hole and forget about everything positive and negative and just be alone. Just need some time.... maybe a week, maybe a month, maybe till the day I die. ( sigh ) I started this at 8:30am and I still haven't hit publish. I am going to try and do something positive here. The lovingly sexy Lynne mentioned that she will partake in the Dark Future slam. This defintely has made me go up several notches. The best feature I have had thus far was at First Wednesday because Lynne and Rog were my Co-features. If I am competing against Lynne, I have to get my Apocalypse and Headlines down to a science. I also have to write one more and I am thinking of doing a " Ghetto Matrix " type of theme. The bar was really good yesterday. The open mic was decent and I read a piece by one of the fellas I teach over at Rikers Island. I had to tweak the piece a little bit because of the grammer issue. It was a good read and I was pretty happy. The feature was Tony Brown from Massachusets. His poetry was awesome. The images that came from his voice were hands down incredible. I got his chapbook and I was excited about reading it. Afte Tony was the Head to head slam between Shappy and Guy. The highlight....... No fucking doubt about it.... Guy reading " Quacky ". He had the bar and me in tears. Even though it was Shappy's work, he played it to a key!!! Guy is the man. Even though Shappy beat him 3 rounds too 2. So, urbana is still under 2 slams to 1. The next head to head is Dawn -vs- Lynne. If the terms are accepted, that should be a good match. I wonder how long this is going to go for. 5 slam limit???? Best out of 5 slams ??? I would love to see other matches too.... Big George -vs- Seve Moonshine -vs- Ed Their little retarded DJ - Vs - Frant ( DJ Hot nuts ) That would be fun.... Well, let me go be in a bad mood. I will catch all of you soon. Peace Not the Point

 >)))">

 :)

 Opinion of first time Poetry Listener What's up folks, Just got to the job early and I have to tell you that I hate coming here early. Last night I headed out with a couple of friends for birthday dinner. It was owed to me since January. So, I collected last night. It was cool hanging out with these two girls because they were such an important part of my life for many years. We were almost inseparabe for a while. So, being with them last night, it was really cool. We headed to eat at a small place that ignited a furious sense of patriotism. Thy loved the spot and I am glad that we hung out. We kept everything more on a general level because I didn't want to get into gushing of emotions. The 3 of us hung last night and all three of us have been jaded in relationships. One girl was dumped after 9 years. Another was dumped after 7 years. I told my significant other that I needed to be alone after 4 months but it hurt just the same. So, My shoulder wasn't palnning on bing cried on last night so everything was kept on a " nice talkative level" Heading to the restaurant, they asked me about my poetry and I ran down my list of what I have been doing. I mentioned the CD and the magic words were said " I would love to hear it" . Heehee.......I threw on the Cd and mentioned Roger and went to track four. About 3 mins later and I had a whole new look at the newbie coming to Bar 13. She said that she doesn't dig " hate " poetry. I was like " hate " poetry ??? I proceeded to tell her that there is a huge difference between " hate " poetry and " reality" poetry. So, she was a person that was looking for , the world is great, happy, good, and perfect place to live Poetry. I told her to listen to Track 8 and she like Oscar's Battlefield piece. So, with that on the table. It made me think. It is such a crapshoot to impress newbie's and whatever else comes to the bar. I wanted to invite her to 13 but knowing what we have on the mic, I will let her come at her own being. All in all, I had a great time with them and it felt as if everything was good. No problems, no issues....... Just food and laughter. I will be at Bar 13 tonight and most likely I will be at the door. Just for the record, if you come through, BUY a Fucking CD!!!!!! Cono..... DOn't be cheap!! Peace

 I hate computer glitchs!!!!!!! Man, I am writing this for a second time. I wrote a whole shpiel and tried to publish it on my blog and it decides to play bellvue on me. Well, here goes again. Last night, I have decided to remove my pimp hat and bow down to the true master of pimpdom. My buddies roomate is merely off the hook. That guy was dancing and kicking it with every single female at the party. Sir, I bow down to you and see you as my mentor. The party was off the hook. I had such a good time seeing everyone drink dance and engage is popular bullshit conversation. Most of the night was topic to engage in was the Matrix . I actually was thinking about seeing that movie again today but I am tired as fuck. 5am and we all decide to throw on Al green and that was the highnote of the party. Just seeing everyone dance and dance drunk I tell you. I was loving it. There was this skinny chic and if I looked hard enough at her, I could see her bones. She was wafer skinny. She was cool though. I spent most of my night downstairs on the couch just chit chatting with several people. I met this girl and she was sweet but she couldnt believe my concept of wanting to be alone. She was drunk so I wasnt trying to convince anyone that has so much alcohol in her that the only thing she understood was u wanna drink somthin else ?. MY buddy was pretty much drunk last night and she killed me. She was moving moves to Al green and I was convinced that she would have a hangover that would make all hangovers seem tame. Sure enough, I just spoke to her and she has no HANGOVER!!! She is a trooper!!!!!! We left the house at about 6am and headed to a small diner and had the typical breakfast. Everything was good. I dropped everyone off and I made it home at 9am. I had to do my laundry so you know that I was not a happy camper. So, I went to bed and I got up good as new and now I have to just go get my car cleaned and gas that sucker up. Let me run

 I hate kevin Costner I just think he sucks as an actor. If Whitney houston was actually Madonna, that movie would have sucked and Kevin Costner would have been a nobody, wait, he is a nobody!! Is it my imagination or do I write in my blogger more then anybody else that I know?? This is a clear indication that I am a loser. I have no life!!!!!!!!!!! LOL Well, yesterday was a good day. Headed out to Rikers and taught with my partner Oscar. Everything went well. The class was extremely attentive yesterday and they broke down a poem almost as perfect as seasoned writers would have. Little by little, I keep on hearing their little stories of the everyday life of the Rikers system. Yesterday, some inmate was knocked out by a C.O. They knocked his teeth out because he made a comment that the lakers got waxed ( beat badly ). One punch from the C.O and the inamte goes down and 6 of his teeth hit the floor. Makes ya wonder who is worst in Rikers, either the inmates or the C.O's. After Rikers, Oscar was suppose to go to a Birthday shindig but it was cancelled and he was free. So, with that being said, I have been dying to go to Brooklyn to a small little ecuadorian spot for some " ceviche ". Last night, I made it there. I was so fucking happy eating "shrimp in warm lemon broth. On a bed of warm white rice, with a hint of Cilantro" . I love IT!!!!!!! Life is good. :) Peace

 hee hee I just got back and I swear I must have been a whore in another life. Yesterday, I made some quick flyers overviewing the " 5 past 13 A little bit Louder: Volume 1 " CD. I have Fridays off and I was making this day constructive. I headed to Barnes and Noble an the Bronx and dropped about 50 flyers there. Since I have nothing to do until 4pm, I put one Acentos Flyer/ CD flyer on every car in the Parking lot. Well, not every car. Since I ran out of flyers and I made 300 flyers, you figure it out. LOL. I truly just threw out my cell phone on these flyers. Whatever I have to do to pimp these things. I am doing it. I have to call guy or hopefully he will read this. " I think this check wrote out a check to LOUDERARTS, I hope it can get cashed. " Anyway, I feel ok today. No work, No poetry, no issues. I am just doing my thing. I am going to Rikers today and everything seems well. Oscar has the Class today and Next week is the day to integrate the next instructor. Let's see how this is going to work. Ok, I brought mself some " cookies and cream " ice cream. So while most of you guys are at work right now, I will be in my boxer shorts gratuitously scratching and watching porn. I just wanted to share. Well, more on my stupidy later. Peace. Love, May your booty never get as big as J-lo

 3am and here goes my 2 cents well, I was trying to avoid the whole uh............bullshit........that is going on in the world of spoken word. Yet, since I have my blog as a form of therapy and outlet of my thoughts. I have to say something. It is kinda hard to write while watching porn so let me just turn it to the weather channel first. Bar 13 ( Louder ) has become an integral part of my world. Yes I said that. Going there on Monday after Monday and hearing all sorts of poets pour there writing on the microphone is my very way of getting better. f I see someone that sucks, that tells me I have to make sure I never read some shit like that in my life. If I see some mind bending shit, I definitely want to get to that level of writing. I tend to soak up as much informatin from everyone that I speak to. They make think it is a small insignificant conversation but it is actually a lesson that I am absorbing mental notes on. This whole thing about the slam is kinda a touchy subject for many people. This year we have a team of vetrans that is going to rep 13. Shit, it is a pretty good team and it seems promising for 13. Yet, slams are so unpredicatable, you just never know. I still feel that this whole thing that we are going through should have came up after the team came back from Chicago. In order for a team to win, don't they need an unconditional support??? I am not going to play on a football team and get to the playoffs and have the owner and shareholders talk shit right before our most important regional games. How can i give the team 100%? I am a new writer to the scene and I am working my ass off to make sure tat one day I will kill everyone that even thinks about competing with me in a slam. I want to have people look at me as a powerhouse. Still, after all is said and done, I know that slams are not my epitome of writing. I have tours, books, features, and who knows what else. There is so much going on right now that I dn't even know where to start. I have love for people and I want to see the best for them, I still know that I have to do for me. Don't get it twisted, I never want to see nothing bad for my brethren, I am just still doing me and what is better for me. I know that things get hard and it is easy to just say fuck it and walk away. Thing is, when things are hard, that is just life playing those fucked up tricks on you. I was about two seconds away from walking on Acentos at one point, then I realized that the reason that want to walk away is because I actually fear getting hurt down the road.That and the fact that I wanted to strangle my partner at one point. I don't want acentos to be regarded as a failed effort by anyone in the spoken word community. That was one of my fears. If I am not a part of that, I could not be considered a failure. I have to say that unfortunately, there will be people that will hate on you for your writing. I havn't heard anyone blatantly hate on me but alot of people are scared of me. Since I have my own style too, I can't really be judged too much by others. I am not metaphor filled, I am not political, I am not Shappyish. I have a power and style that belongs to me and that might be the reason that I came to my own. I am glad that I came to y own at louder. Why ??? If I can make it at Bar 13, I will make it at any other venue in NYC. That is basically a fact. Louder isn't scared to tell you that your poem is bad. I rather have that then have any bowery, nuyo, cornelia venue applaud my work and say it is awesome when it really sucks. The three hardcore poems that I love and people at 13 have given the green light too, any other venue will AUTOMAtICALLY approve. That is the way I see it. The bar is set high at 13. If you want to go there with half ass work. You will know it is half ass. This is not a friendly newbie environment but great writers are born from there. If those motherfuckers with half ass work come to 13 and drop on the mic with some wack shit and they ask " how was my poem? ", and you tell them that it needs some work and they catch an attitude and walk out like a little bitch, well then, I don't need that shit or them around. Imagine them in a work shop. " My work is hot" " I know what I am talking about " " But you don't understand " " I like it " " You need to listen to it " Motherfucker, why are you in a workshop if you are not taking critique then. I am done.... I rant and said too much Peace

 ******* WARNING******* WARNING**** WARNING**** The following will ruin any hopes you all have to see the Matrix reloaded without knowing what happened Good morning folks, I hope that you are all doing well today. I just got to work and I should be tired as fuck but I am not. I am gettting back to my not sleeping days and I feel actually really good. " Sleeping is the cousin of death" Yesterday was my feature at " Brown Suger " in the Do or die of Bed Stuy. It was a nice experience. I headed out there with my crimee and partner OMX and the evenng proved interesting from the jump. Only in NYC you can be outside a bar rehearsing your poetry and about 13 shots ring out about three blocks away.Since there was a nice thick tree in front of the club, I just stood behind the tree while too many nosy brothers walked towards where the shooting was. Ok, I have seen my fair share of ghetto antics. From what I know, when there is a shooting, you walk the other way. Yet, this is NY. This was " BED- STUY"!!!!!! The open mic was ok if not balh to say the best. Man, going to Bar 13 and seeing these open mic folk, you actually see some good people on the open mic at 13. I felt bad for some of the people that got on that mic and were fooled by the audience ( of course because they don't know any better ) with " shock and awe " with a poem that needed about 4 weeks of workshop. Yet, this is what happens when people are not exposed to some good poetry. The roses are Red and Violets are blue is the only thing they know. I went up first for my feature and I had a very good time. Don't get me wrong, I made a few little mistakes and I had the carnal sin of letting the audience know that I fucked up at one point. Yet, they were very, very, receptive. I had them laughing, I got several key little messages out. EG: Stay out of trouble Love the little kids and teach them right Don't get caught up in some bullshit cause the system sucks After finishing, I got several accolades and I made my exit to the place I call the boogie down. Picked up Roger and Marty at parkchester and headed to the Whitestone. *********Do not read this part********* The Matrix was fuckin awesome. Some of the fight scenes were completely mind blowing. The scheme of the movie was a little bit more complicated then the first movie. This was a movie that threw action at you and you also had to go into to understand it. Agent Smith made his return and was funny as fuck for most of the movie. Trinty was awesome. I have a total new found respect for that Keanu Reeves shmuck. I know tha he is not a 9 th degree black belt but I give the guy credit. Some of the things he did ( regardless of the special effects ) require alot of hard work and dedication. Jada Pinkett smith kinda sucked. Well, not sucked, she didn't really have much going in the movie. At the end of the movie, they showed the next trailer for the " Matrix: Revolutions". This movie is going to break 300 million just this weekend alone. I say, go see this movie once and maybe consider seeing it twice. The movie is that good. Ok, on that note. I shall bid ya ado Peace Grease I'm Out!!

 The Cd Release of " 5 past 13 a little bit LOUDER: Volume 1 " has been released this Monday. The CD has the best poets belonging to any collective in NYC. It also has guest poets. I ran down a list to give you all an idea...... Iwill have a shitload of Cd's that went well selling last night at Acentos. I will be driving around NYC in " salesman " mode so expect a visit. Break those piggy banks folks. 5 past 13 a little bit LOUDER: Volume 1.............. Lynne Procope Performing " Ghetto Nightmares " Lynne Procope is a poet and teaching artist from Trinidad and Tobago. She is a founder of the New York based non-profit, the louderARTS Project Inc. She was a member of the New York's 1998 National Poetry Slam Championship winning team. She is co-author of the collection, Burning Down the House (Soft Skull Press, 2000) Edward garcia Performing " Peligro Peligro " - Edward earned his BA in English from Florida International University. He was destined for Law School when he fell in with the wrong (meaning poets) crowd, and decided he'd become a writer. He is a teaching artist with The Enlace Program through Aspira of New York in the Bronx, and also teaches through the Community Word Project, and Youth Speaks. He is a member of the louderARTS Project Arts Collective, He has self-published three chapbooks Suheir Hammad Performing " What I will " Roger Bonair-Agard Performing " Song for Trent Lott " - Roger Bonair-Agard is poet/performer/writer/teacher, a native of Trinidad, a resident of Brooklyn, and a founding member of the louderARTS project. He was the 1999 Individual National Slam Champion, appeared in the 2002 - 2003 season of HBO's Def Poetry Jam, and travels the country performing his work and leading poetry workshops and colleges and high schools. He coached the 1998 Nuyorican Poets Caf national poetry slam team to its national championship, and was coach as well as member of the 1999, 2000, and 2001 New York City | Union Square national poetry slam teams. His work is available in Burning Down the House, as well as in his two self-published chapbooks. Patricia Smith Performing " Please to Excuse the Blues " - Smith has read her work at the Poets Stage in Stockholm, Rotterdam's Poetry International Festival, the Aran Islands International Poetry and Prose Festival, Expo 90 in Osaka, the Bahia Festival, the Sorbonne in Paris and on tour in Germany, Austria and Holland. In 2002, she took the stage at Carnegie Hall as part of jazz innovator Bill Cole's 60th birthday celebration. She has also performed in a number of major American academic and performance venues including Bumbershoot, the Writers Voice, South by Southwest Music Festival, the Bisbee Poetry Festival, St. Mark's Poetry Project, Black Roots at the Frederick Douglass Creative Arts Center, the Painted Bride, and on tour with Lollapalooza. Smith has shared the stage with Adrienne Rich, Sharon Olds, Allen Ginsburg, Walter Mosley, Joyce Carol Oates, Ntozake Shange, Gwendolyn Brooks and Galway Kinnell. She was featured in the nationally-released film "Slamnation," recently appeared on an episode of the HBO series "Def Poetry Jam," and performed the poem "Awakening" at the 1991 inauguration of Mayor Richard Daley in Chicago. Bob Holman Performing " Whatever I was thinking of " - Bob Holman's most recent book is The Collect Call of the Wild (Holt); CD: In With the Out Crowd (Mouth Almighty/Mercury). He produced "Words in Your Face" and the 5-part series "The United States of Poetry" for PBS, was part of MTV's "Spoken Word Unplugged," and is currently editing "The World of Poetry" as a website and eventual global television series. He has directed reading series at the St. Marks Poetry Project, the Public Theater, Fez, SOB's, and imported the Slam to the Nuyorican Poets Caf. He was a founder of Mouth Almighty/Mercury Records, the first major label devoted to poetry. He is Chief Curator of the People's Poetry Gathering, Poetry Guide at About.com, Professor of Writing at Columbia University, and Proprietor of the Bowery Poetry Club. GinnaKarla Nicolas Performing " Burst " - Ginna is a member of the LouderARTS Project Artist Collective. She fine tuned her Poetry at the University of Redlands where she learned the valuable lesson that there is discipline in art, and then to get her MFA in Poetry at Saint Mary's College where she learned to write toward the fear. A geek to the core, she's been teaching since she was 15 and lectures, conducts workshops, listens, reads, writes, revises and when time permits, she cooks, does impressions and loves loves loves to iron clothes. Did I mention she's single and will let you sleep on whichever side of the bed you want, as long as you know the difference between stationery and stationary. If you want to read her work, just ask her for some as she has an aversion to chap books. But you better hurry, because her writing partner, Marty McConnell is editing her down to Haiku as you read this! Oscar Bermeo performing " Mercy on the battlefield " - Born in Ecuador and raised in the Bronx, Oscar Bermeo has owned and operated a telecommunications business for the last ten years before discovering Spoken Word poetry in August of 2001. Since then, he has dedicated himself to pursuing his artistic dreams by contributing to all aspects of performance poetry. He is a member of the louderARTS Project, co-curator of the symonymUS reading series and a featured performer in venues throughout New York City. He is also the Founder/ curator/ host of Acentos. a Bronx based poetry reading series. Stacyann Chin Performing " Jamaicans in NY" - Her work can be seen on HBO Def Poetry Jam. She also had a key role in the adaptation for HBO Def Poetry on Braodway Cheryl Boyce Taylor Performing " Mango Pretty " Trinidad-born and Queens-bred, Cheryl Boyce Taylor is a poet and teaching artist. She is the author of two collections of poetry. Raw Air and Night When Moon Follows. Her work has been featured in various publications, including Def Poetry Jam's Bum Rush The Page, Poetry Nation, Rogue's Scholar, and Aloud: Voices from the Nuyorican Poets Caf. Her text Water was commissioned for Ronald K. Brown/Evidence Dance Company by Jacob's Pillow, with additional funding from The National Endowment for the Arts. Cheryl represented NYC on the 1994 National Slam team and currently makes her living teaching poetry. Stephen Maher Performing " Flat World " - Native New Yorker and occasional Chicagoan, Stephen entered the slam circuit in 1999. Since then, he and slam have become good acquaintences. "We call each other when we don't feel like drinking alone and want others to look at us." He has been featured at various venues in the Big Apple and holds the distinction of most chaste in the louderARTS Project collective. Guy LeCharles Gonzalez Performing " Breathless " - Guy LeCharles Gonzalez was born in New York, NY in the summer of '69. Spending most of his childhood in the Claremont Park section of the Bronx, there were later moves to Manhattan, Mt. Vernon and Yorktown Heights, from where he graduated Lakeland High School in 1987. His work can be found in Burning Down The House (Soft Skull Press, 2000) and on the nycSLAMS CD (reVERB Recordings, 2000), which he co-produced. He has been featured at SoUPFest (1999), the Austin International Poetry Festival (1999, 2000) and the Connecticut Poetry Festival (2001). He was a member of the 1998 National Poetry Slam Champions (Nuyorican Poets Caf) and served on the Executive Committee of Poetry Slam, Inc. (2001). Elana Bell Peforming " My Lover " - Elana Bell is an actress, singer, poet and teacher living in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. She is currently a member of the louderARTS Project poetry collective, and performs her work at Bar 13 in New York City. Elana has facilitated poetry workshops for students in Whitefield, Maine, as well as for women in the Valhalla Women's Correctional Facility in upstate New York. She recently conceived, created and performed in PAINTED WINGS, a non-traditional cabaret of original songs, poetry, and storytelling at the WOW Caf Theater in New York City. This past summer, Elana performed at the National Black Theater Festival in MINUS ONE, an educational drama about violence in teen relationships. Sabrina Hayeem-Ladani " None for the Sea of God "- - Sabrina Hayeem-Ladani is a poet, actor, singer and dancer who was born and raised in Manhattan. In 1994 she started reading her poetry at the Nuyorican Poets Caf. Sabrina has been a member of the Albuquerque Poetry Experiment, a spoken word/music ensemble, has performed with Organic Ghetto, a live poetry collaboration with The African Space Project, and has opened in concert for Bla Fleck and the Flecktones. She served as coach of the 1998 Albuquerque Poetry Slam Team and led them to competition in the National Poetry Slam held in Austin, Texas. Since moving back to Manhattan, she has featured as a spoken word artist/singer at Joe's Pub in the show Harlem Essay and in various venues in New York City. She has also become co-curator of symonymUS, a live poetry collaboration workshop, and is a member of the louderARTS Project. Willie Perdomo performing " Brother Lo and the Permission slip " - Willie Perdomo is the author of Postcards of El Barrio (Isla Negra Press, 2002) and Where A Nickel Costs A Dime (Norton, 1996), as well as Visiting Langson, a picture book illustrated by Bryan Collier. (Henry Holt/Books for Young Readers, 2002). His work has been included in several anthologies including Poems of New York (Everyman's Library/Knopf, 2002), Bum Rush The Page: A Def Poetry Jam (Three Rivers Press, 2002) and Aloud: Voices from The Nuyorican Poets Caf (Holt, 1995) and has appeared in The New York Times Magazine, Bomb, Urban Latino and other publications. He has been featured on several PBS documentaries including Words In Your Face and The United States Of Poetry , and HBO'S Def Poetry Jam. He also co-wrote an episode for the HBO animated series, Spicy City and recorded on Flippin' the Script: Rap Meets Poetry (Mouth Almighty Records/Mercury, 1996). Perdomo is the recipient of the New York Foundation for the Arts Fiction Fellowship 1996 and the NYFA Poetry Fellowship 2001. He lives in New York City. Dawn Saylor Performing " Mermaids " - A rare gem in the world of performance poetry, Dawn Saylor meshes the essence of spiritual and emotional transcendance with the bone grit of reality. Having performed at the National Poetry Slam in 2000 and 2001, as well as featured throughout Michigan, Illinois, California, and on HBO's Def Poetry Jam, she has established herself as a powerful and dynamic woman. Taking cues from Janis Joplin, Sandra Cisneros, and Liesel Mueller, she weaves the vivid patterns of her tremendous mythology into pure magic. Dawn has lived all over the Northeast, currently residing in Kalamazoo with her dogs, a passion for purple, and an undeniable yearning to be An International Woman of Mystery. Rachelle Street performing " Fragments and shards " - Rachelle Street received her BFA in fine art photography and theatre from Illinois Wesleyan University and the Glasgow School of Art in Scotland. Her artwork has been exhibited in Scotland, the Midwest, Northeast and various venues and galleries in Brooklyn. She's had work published in Steam Ticket, Our Time Is Now, whimperbang, City Writers, and Signifyin' Harlem. She's performed in various venues throughout the Northeast along with her collaboration partner, Edward Clapp, as part of the poetic duo Angels with Attitude. She currently works as a teaching artist for Community~Word Project where she teaches poetry and photography to grade school students in Brooklyn and the Bronx. Her work can be viewed at rachellestreet.com, whimperbang.com, citywriters.com and poetcd.com. She likes email if it isn't creepy. Raymond Daniel Medina performing " Steady moving South " - Raymond Daniel Medina was born in the Bronx, and grew up below the Belt. His first poem was at the encouragement of a hippie English teacher later fired from his grammar school. Although his poetry has grown to be at once personal, political, and spiritual, it is decidedly active. He has concerted effort to bring his musical and poetic backgrounds to his many communities where he writes and performs to challenge and explore. Among his instruments are: guitar, keyboards, electronics, voice, and the human heart. He is the Musical Director of the louderARTS project, and a founder and moderator of synonymUS - a live multimedia collaborative workshop designed to help artists from all walks stay on the one true path. Marty McConell Performing " Homeland " - Marty McConnell took up knitting because everything else in her life involves poetry. After abandoning her career in public relations, completing three national tours with the Morrigan (the all-female performance poetry troupe she co-founded,) and receiving her MFA from Sarah Lawrence, she took up residence in the Bronx to pursue life as a semi-stereotypical starving artist. Curator of the louderARTS Project Monday night reading at Bar 13, she also hosts the semi-monthly womanNOISE series. She divides the rest of her energies between working as the program director for Youth Speaks NY, and traveling the country performing her work and teaching the fusion of performance, writing, and life at colleges, high schools, and poetry venues. ***Bonus track** Isle yi Park performing " Pussy " - Isle has performed her work for the 2003 image awards ( A tribute for Venus and Serena Williams ) She has performed on HBO def Poetry Jam. She is also a member of the LouderARTS Project Artist Collective.Ishle Yi Park is rollerblading, renting blockbuster movies, babysitting confused family members, and eating McDonalds in the most health-conscious hippy city in the world! Give it up for her! Oranges! Guitars! X! Canadia! lalala.

 Since I have no life and right now I am more then Worthless....... This is cute in a retarded way!!! urlLink Which Slam Poet are you ??

 This is what happens when you can't sleep Well folks, If I would have waited to get to work to make my blog entry, it would have been worthless. So, with a bottle of pepsi at my side, a head full of thoughts ( some restricted ), and an itchy trigger finger with 6 co-horts ready to fisticuff at any moment. Firstly, my night went great. I did the door most of the evening and my idea of bringing in change was right on the money. I never once needed to bother Maureen for change and everything went well. Matter a factly, I owe guy 23 bucks that I kept in my pocket, I will add it next week. I didin't realize that my tolerance has been so low lately. Someone witnessed me today get in full fledge bad ass mode on some rowdy patrons coming up the stairs to the bar. Damn, I need to remove some of these thoughts that are stressing me and erasing my tolerance. The slam was pretty good tonight and I am glad that the house was packed. We saw some heavy weights come through to engage some microphone " spitting ". Celena Glenn, Beau Sia, Sekou the Misfit, and some others. Ok, let me write about the slam a little bit. First off, I am one dude that is hard to impress. Last night, Dawn Saylor impressed me more then ever. She was a nervous little wreck in the first round and thought that she didn't make it out, I told her to just relax and she''ll be fine. Sure enough, Shappy went up to the stage and due to the wonderful world of time penalty, shappy was bumped in the first round. I had thought shappy would have made it further but things are so unpredictable in slams that you just never know. I am not even going to lie to you. I want to write mad shit concerning Shawn in the slam and my opinion on it. Thing is, I would be writing thoughts of other people and I am not going to do that. To put it simply, Shawn slammed, Shawn got elimanated. Period. Claudia got up there and dropped a poem that got her eliminated. The poem was ok. Compared to everything else that the mic was sucking in, ok wasn't cutting it. OH SHIT.......... They are giving " Perfect Strangers " on Nickelodeon. I am a single man at 4 in the morning with my cable on Nick at Night. There is something universally perverted about that. So.......... Back to the slam..... Roger, Tai, Lynne, Marty and F. Omar Telan as the team alternate. This is going to be a power house team and I hope they click. I am going to chicago this year and I swear if I remotely feel some bullshit, I am pulling collars and smacking people. I want Bar 13 to have a national championship!!!! Went to get some food and drove OMX , Guy, and Lenny home. Had a great conversation with Oscar and Guy about certain moments in the slam. Dropped Oscar off and had a good candid convo with Guy. The guy is gully and he will read this and wonder why I wrote it. " easy guy, straight shooters are always straight shooters in any situation. " Well, here are some thoughts that are going through my head. Next year, I should be able to compete on a good level to give these fuckers competition. I chose not to this year because I knew I wasn't ready. I wasn't going to fool myself. Just looking and letting everything sink in will help and benefit me greatly in the next round of slams coming in the years end. Writing is something thatI love to do. Let it be Poetry, journal entry, dabbling, or whatever the case may be. Hear is what scaring me. I am loving Acentos and all the work that is involved. Yet, I want to maintain my writing. I don't want to fight to have time to write. I want to have fun writing. I want to enjoy the words that are born from the tips of my 7 fingers. I want to look at a poem that I wrote after weeks of editing and be proud of me for the achievement that I just did. I don't want to sit behind my laptop and cry at 4:30 in the morning because I can't sleep because I need to write. I don't want to miss writing. I don't want to lose writing. You know why it took me sooooo long to come to where I am at??? Here it is. I have nothing. My car will die My clothes will fade My family will die My friends will move on I rent an Apt I have nothing in my life but the words that are carefully resurrected from stringent thoughts ranging from my days of pain to my days of bliss. My words are all I have and it took me many many many moons to fuckin share them. When I read a poem, I am not reading a poem. I am reading a piece of me. A piece of my heart that I chose to slice out and place it on the stage. Oscar, I love you man. You my nigga. I always than Oscar for walking down this road and leaving little mementos for me to pick up on. Oh, and I took the code from your blogger and WHAT!!!!???????? Sue me dammit!!! ok.... it is about 5am and I need to at least get two hours of sleep. I will be cranky and I hope things go well. Acentos is tomorrow and it should be good. Peace

 Time to just babble What's up good people. I am here at the job and just doing nothing like every normal day that I am here. I will make believe like I am doing something to give everyone the guise that I am worth something here . :) Well, Tonight is Bar 13 Grand Slam Finals. 9 poets go up and do their thing to try and make the team to represent the Union Square Bar 13 team in Chicago this August. I have to go to the bank and take out at least 300 dollars in change. mostly 5's and singles. The cover tonight is 7 dollars and that uneven number will make change hard to come by. So, I will just have that much money and tell Guy that I will add it to the purse and to give it to me at the end of the night. I am expecting a shit load of people tonight. So, with Tom's assistance, he and I will man the door. I will collect and Tom will watch my back and the crowd. I don't expect shit to happen but my forte is security and a wicked right hook to the jaw. So, tonight is " door and Security mode ". Oh.... if you are not slamming or part of the Collective, pony up 7 dollars. Bring an extra 15 to buy the CD also. So much is going on and it can be very exhausting on the mind if you let it get to you. I don't want to put out business but damn. Why are things made difficult????. I believe in hard work will get shit done. I have always been self reliant and never depended on nobody to do shit for me. - I pretty much knew that as long as OMX and I were almost on the same page for Acentos, that we wil do well. He has the ideas and I play them out and vice versa. - My football team needed a kick in the ass, I threw on my Timbs and started swinging My Friends call me for advice, I give them the straight shot and that is it. No beating around the bush. Just get it done as righteously as possible and live your life. I hate politics and bureaucracy. I have dealt with corporate mierda for 14 years and I have despised the ass kissing, brown nosing, back stabbing, butt fucking. Unfortunately, I have to had played the game in order to be at this place for 14 years. I am still considered a straight shooter by most. I am a laborer. I work with my hands. I can swing any tool and create a masterpiece with the right guidance or my very own know how. This is why I hate motherfuckers that never lifted a box in their life. They don't know the meaning of hard work and dedication. You want something to work, work FUCKING AT IT!!!!!! I am not in a good mood. Time for me to just count my fingers and just chill Anyway, tomorrow is Acentos and I hope to see plenty of you gracing our venue. It has been going very well and I am very happy with everything in general. We have been getting great accolades from the Poetry Community. Hard work baby, hard work. Still, awesome venue withstanding, we still need an audience. HINT HINT!! Take care. Peace

 weekend stupidity oh man, I am not much on writing when I could be watching porn but my Laptop has proved worthy of my fingers caressing it's keys. I removed everything except Word and AOL. Tis laptop moves faster then DSL. Ok, Not the point. I think you might have read my previous entry. I was laying down a wooden floor this weekend and it tested every facet of my moral boundaries. I was tired, aggravated, pissed and every other word to just merely give you the slightest description of 13 hours of pure unadulterated hell. At least I got the floor done and the lady was estactic to say the least. Ok, So........... I went down to the bowery today to catch Cheryl Boyce Taylor and her Son " Phife Dawg " from a Tribe called Quest. The poetry was off the hook and Phife { if that is even his real name } was really good. I walked in ans was sprised to see my Dawg " NostraEmus". We hung for about 1 hour and the laughs was more then what I had for the wee. I love that guy. OMX came across some tickets to the oFF Broadway show of " Blue Man Group". We headed there for a 5 pm showing and I have to tell you. It had to be the best show of ANYTHING I have seen this year. The show consisted of Drums, Humor, A SHITLOAD of PAPER streamers!!!! It was merely " off the hook ". Everything is ok. I went through a small emotional train wreck this afternoon but I Know what is best for me. Fish needs to do Fish. Oh man, porn time. Peace

 WHY???????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 guestroom 25 feet by 32 feet. Remove old rug and protective foam under rug remove wooden fastners scrape floor sweep over 20 times mop sweep again wipe floor with damp cloth measure room start wooden floor tiles glue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tileglue , tile, glue, tile, glue,tile 13 hours later 500 dollars richer Back fucking hurts My knees hurt Like Monica Lewinsky was going to town ( I had knee pads ) Legs hurt butt hurts hands hurt What was my reward???....... Now she wants her other bedroom done the same!!!!!! FUCK THAT BITCH!!!!!! CALL A CONTRACTOR!!!!!!!!!

 Why do I do these things???? So, yesterday my life went in a different direction like always. I was supposed to be going to " pregones Movie house" to catch a play of some sort. My dad decided to get a referral for the eye doctor so Fish was on foot and threw my plans into the gutter. So, one interesting evening spent at home won't kill me. Funny thing is, 8:30pm was my first jaunt in La La Land. I fell asleep in my couch and that is not comfy. I don't know how people can nap on the couch the whole night. So, my power nap ended at 3:30am and I was up. Ok, so I was up and I turned on the Boob tube and BEHOLD!!!!!!.................. They were giving " Orca ". Oh man, I loved this movie. This flick was shot and released in 1977. It starred " Richard Harris " as an ignorant Irish Fisherman ( which the apple didn't fall far from the tree because he is Irish ). He is hunting Great White Sharks and comes Across an Orca Whale making minced meat out of a Great White. Sure Enough, Orca's are bigger and badder then great white so we have Harris hunting the Orca. Fast forward......... He hunts Orca Shoots at Male Orca Misses and hits female Orca which is pregnant and miscarries baby orca on boat Male Orca goes O.J and stalks harris and creates havoc on the town Towns people force Harris to Hunt down Orca Harris Follows Orca to Iceland Orca methodically kills crew Catches harris is water after he destroys boat Tail whips harris onto iceburg and kills him This Movie was incredible because I saw it when I was 6 years old with my dad in the movie and it kept me interested. I kinda appreciated the movie even more now because I could actually understand more of the movie. So, I would write about my dreams but most likely you would never come back and read my blogger. I swear to you........ I have issues!!!!!!!! I will write some more later. I have to sneak out of here today. Peace

 Jerry lewis has to be the funniest guy ever Oh man, I wake up and I want to write a quick blurb and they are giving Jerry Lewis in " Don't give up the ship ". Everyone talks about how he was only funny with Dean Martin.............well, Martin wasn't in this movie and lewis is funny as hell. Right now he is diving underwater and a huge octopus is tapping on his shoulder while he is excavating something. He doesn't notice it and the Octopus wraps around Lewis. He turns around and lets out a Home Alone yel and swims so fast out of the water that he shoots out the top like a dolphin. I tell you, this guy is the funniest. I used to love those older comedies. Not one of these new wave comedy flicks can hold a candle to Lucille Ball, Abbot and Costello, Laurel and Hardy, Three Stooges, or the Marx Brothers. Those were the days that we had good clean comedy. I should have been born in the 40's I love old cars, Old movies, and I am intrigued by history. I tell you, I was born in the wrong time. Last night was the SynonymUS thing at the Bowery. Very small turnout compared to whatever I think I would compare it too. I would shoot this show down but it was pretty decent. I stood for about 30 minutes of it because I wanted to head to the Blue Ox. The only thing that makes me think is, everyone for the exception of maybe two people ( from what I saw ) was part of the collective. Oscar,Ray/ Seve, White chic that her name has eluded me/ Ginna, Betty/ Sabrina, Bongo boy/ You know, after writing it out, there were actually several people not from the collective. Hmmmmm...... There goes that argument. yet, they still need more people to go out there. I don't see a valid excuse for it to be that empty. Especially with the people running it. These are heavyweights in the scene and know more then enough people to pack the place. Well, For myself...... I headed to the Blue Ox and I was shocked at how packed it was. I never seen it that packed!!!!!! I got there and people were listening in from the door outside. I just missed Anthony Morales do his thing because Leslie followed the Acentos format of Half the Open mic and then the features. I saw Gammel ( If I spelled his name right ) and he was ok. The palce was hot as Fuck and that is worrying me for the summer months in which we will have to OPEN THE DOOR!!!!!! It was sweltering in that bitch last night. I networked last night with the people after words and of course plugged Acentos like my life depended on it. I hope we get at least three of them people to come back. One older man wanted to read a poem but it was all in Spanish and he was n';t too comfy reading it in front of the WHITE people. I kinda sort of felt where he was coming from but he was actually very arrogant so I quickly threw him in the " fuck him " category. I hope he doesn't show up to Acentos. I am lacking Patience for people like that. I read my Apocalypse piece yesterday and I got the reaction that I wanted. I got the " Damns, and Oh shits ". So I was happy that I read there. Reading on the open mic was this fat chic named Mabel that was in my workshop. This chic must have eaten several poetry books. She performed actually MUCH MUCH better then what she used to. I was suprised to see that. She still sucks but just not that bad. I spoke to the owner of the Blue Ox last night after he came to me and basically gushed Thank You's over 20 times. He said that the Bar has been getting phonecalls every single day concerning Poetry readings. I know I left over 150 flyers there for Acentos and they all were gone when I got there yesterday. I am not sure what to make of it but the owner is pretty much riding the poetry bandwagon to keep him floating. He kept on saying that it's been " Slow as hell for the past month " . This worries me because if the Blue Ox closes, we have to find another venue. This would not be fun. Even though I have a friend that has a bar on Westchester, I am not trying to move anywhere. I hate change sometimes. Well I hope to catch ya soon. Peace fish

 Oh man, you know those little trucks on almost every street corner that sell bagels and all that shit?? well, I brought some doughnut type thingy and it was off the hook. It has chocolate and sugar and everything. Shit, I just noticed, I think I am getting wired. Too much sugar early in the morning will have me on the go. So people, I have to give you a little insight on me. I want you to get an idea about something that I like. Many people like to be in the company of others most of the time. I used to be one of those people that was always surrounded day in and out by my boys, homegilrs, and everything else. Thing is, when my life started going south, I spent sooo much time alone that it was peaceful. No drama, no fights, no beef, no advice hunting, no arguments, no nothing. My little safe haven was the penthouse at Perry Ave ( Top floor of an old building actually). I wonder if that will ever change. I like to be alone but I love commitment. I like comittment but I love to be alone. It is hard for me and I have to put things in priority. Thing is, right now is my alone time in my life and it seems best for me now. A relationship for me will not be suited for my mindframe. I also just want to be fair to whomever I decide to be with. I made my mistakes in the past and let them blow up. Now, I am a man and I will take care of everything as righteously possible. All is good though Take care Peace >)))">

 Good morning, Here I am once again at home when I am supposed to be getting ready for work I decide to jump on the PC and write in the Blog. Well folks, I am good. I came home last night and fell asleep at 7pm. I would loved to have slept straight through but I woke up at 10pm and that is all she wrote. Stood up most of the night working on this poem about the lack of dignity in my neighborhood. Poetry has really gotten to be hard for me lately. Before I could have just written enough to take up one page and I would have read it and it was all good. Thing is, after taking workshops and people read good shit, I can't read half ass work. So instead of writing a poem in ten mins. It takes me about two weeks. Don't get me wrong, it is good that I have this dedication on doing it. I just have a whole new outlook on poetry. It is positive and it is keeping me happy. Well, I will act like an assshole when I get to work. Right now, I need to go to work Peace

 Ok, I just got to work and everything seems pretty cool. I am going through some " woman " trouble but I hope to rectify it before anyone gets really hurt. My " wanting " to be alone is proving to strong to overcome. Not the point....... Last night was offically the worst night I have seen at Bar 13 in 2003. I have to really say this, I don't give a bodacious flying fag fuck, Big Mike needs to be shouted out. I don't care if people think he is crazy or not. Why waste time by talking about pussy, cock, and what you would do to a pussy with you cock. We , especially me, don't give a fuck!!! I have seen the dude several times and everytime he has gotten on the mic and stepped off the stage , I see a pop up ad above his head that reads " asshole ". Don't get me wrong, he seems like an ok dude but the asshole factor is hardcore when he reads. That is not the end, then, his girl got on the stage and I don't know what the hell was going through her head. She did something. Was it a poem?? Was it a story? Was it prose?? What the hell she did????????????? She did have a sexy little limp that I was kinda curious how she got. besides that, if Guy ever let's her back on stage....... DUDE, I KNOW WHERE YOU LIVE!!!!!! Other then that, the night was so-so. Omri did his thing and actually shocked me. he has a pretty big voice for a little dude. Farbeon needs to be told that he is a better poet then a rapper. Yet, to each his own. VooDooLooLoo got on stage and worked the 5 people at Bar 13. There was no one there even slightly interested in the show. I figure that she comes and features that she will have tons of people. She had about 5 show up. I wonder how many people will show up when I make it big and get official features and all? I had God knows how many just for the Uppercase. We will see. oh........ guess who won the Pool at bar 13 in picking which poets made the finals??? ME~!!!!!!!!!!! LOL...... YeA!!!!! I got a full 50 bucks. I am telling Guy to make an offical announcement on my victory. Then, I entered a raffle and won a CD from VOODOOLOOLOO. Ok, that name is too long to fuckin type. Headed to resovoir last night and had a nice time eating. It beat out White Castle but I am still loyal to my murder burgers. well, time to start writing about some profound shit. I can't act like a fool all the time. I have been catching myself talking alot about my students at Rikers. I have really gotten attached to this whole program. Just simply because I am giving back to the same dude that were me several years ago. I constantly think of what I can tell them to make them think about the outside world. I want them to become better writers and maybe even fullfledged poets. That is one reason that I am taking these workshops. If I better me, I better whoever I decide to teach. Even though this Friday, Oscar is teaching the class, I will be there and maybe I will pick up some pointers from him. He has a different style then mines and it never hurts to learn from others. Teaching has to be the best experience I have ever had. I am doing it for free and people get paid to do this??? Then they have balls to beef??? That is beyond comprehension for me. All in all, this has opened doors and it will be chalked up as a learning experience. I have to work on a piece I started about " lack Of dignity in society ". I started it in Cheryl 's workshop and she loved it, I have to add on and edit. Ok, enought shit from my mouth. I am out. Peace Fish >)))">

 My ass should be getting ready for work right now. Here I am at home with bad breathe, eye muck, farty smelling boxes ( cause we all know that at night men fart like freight trains going across America ), and the most tangled up hair I could have woken up with. THis Blog has proven to be something special. I could write and be a true Blue knucklhead and just not care. yea!!!!!!!!!!! Ok, eye muck is falling onto keyboard, time to go shower. I will hit it later. Peace

 Good morning, I am back at the job and I am writing to my hearts content in the wonderful sick world of blog. Oh man, I thought I was going to die yesterday. I had this trail of intestines coming out of my ass. I must have eaten something that made my stomach churn in 69 different directions. So, I stood home yesterday with my buttcheeks stuck around the porcelin crown. Then, wiping the as 40 times a day makesthe asshole raw. You ever had an irritated butthole??? that is not fun. As soon as the baby soft Charmin touches the " culito " it is the fires of hell exploding around the asshole. :)

 eating out can kill you

 Good Morning, This blogger is going to mean the death of my budding career in Poetry. I tend to just put all my energy into writing in the journal and before you know, Poetry is not being born. All is well with me, I woke up a little while ago and I feel good. I have two workshops that I have to take today and even those seem questionable. I was reading some of the other bloggers that belong to my brethren. They are truly pushing envelopes. This dude Guy is straight up Gully, ghetto, crazy, doesn't give a flying fuck what any thinks about him or what he writes. I want to grow up just like him. I know he is pretty complex in some ways but the guy is more then a straight shooter. He says it straight and narrow and to the point. He doesn't take three hours to say some thing that you can some up in two words. Like I mentioned yesterday, I went to go see X-Men with Oscar. The movie was actually really good. I don't want to get bold and say it was better then the first one but it was really really good. A small part of the flick was fucked up on the sound but it was atually kinda funny. It looked like one of those old Chinese voice over flicks. Well, time for me to ounce out and I will catch you all later. peace >)))">

 Well, I am back from a fucking long day. I am tired and I could barely even write nor even think. So, today was the day that MR Oscar and myself went to Rikers and GODDAMN ys,it was merely fucking perfect. No delays with clearance. The Class was attentive as hell and it was the best experience I had teaching at Rikers so far. I finally got around to getting my tattoo. I got Poetry on my inner left forarm and it looks good. I also got to go see X-men with Oscar. I had one very longgggggggggggg day. Will give further details later Peace >)))">

 Time to START THE REVOLUTION!!!!!!! URBAN POETS will RISE UP against the man and change the wayward ways of the white man!!!! Last night was the finals in Urbana and it basically sucked. THat is even giving them credit. I think the host is what killed me. If he reads poetry the way he hosts, he is going to SUCK really bad.!!!!!!!!!. Ok, so the new team from Urbana will now live up to the word " Urban ". Nothing but black folk across the board made the team. I actually don't mind and I even like it to be that way. Taylor is going to do some crazy shit. I hope he works off Julian's " Nigger " poem. This dude dropped a poem last night and said " nigger " 42 times. He will put Quentin Tarrantino to shame. All in all, the slam didn't impress me. This year, not many slams impressed me at all. I guess in going and hearing so much poetry, you don't get wowed as much. Yet. I hope the Finals at Bar 13 will be killer. Let me see who is in finals..... Roger F Omar Lynne Dawn Shawn Shappy Marty Tai Claudia I am going to go out on a limb and try to pick the players for the 2003 Union Square team. Shawn is questionable because he could actually drop out and that could leave Isle with a chance to make the team. So, I will throw her in by default. This years Union SquARE tem will be .............. ROGER, TAI, Claudia, Shappy......... Marty as the Alternate. Shappy will be the obligatory white man and he would balance off well the team. Shit, let me go do my rikers class, I am taking Oscar today. Peace my nizzle'z!!!!!!!!!

 What's going my brethren???????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Today is my first day off of two. Toorrow, I have off and I have the poetry workshop that I am running in Rikers Island. Yes, I have actually gone out and took over a workshop in Rikers Island. Of course, I am teaching inmates from a variety of ages. Tey are all pretty smart and have a decent knack for writing. I have to thank my Dawg Rog for giving me this opportunity. This guy is awesome to say something about him on the smallest of scales. So, I am off to the Island tomorrow with my Dawg Oscar in tow. He is smart as fuck so I wouldn't worry about him on the teaching aspect of t all. Yet, I hope he gets used to the guys in this jail setting. Me?????? Well, I felt kinda right at home. Tonight is my night to head to the Bowery and just get a fill of " Finals " poetry. They have the usual schmoes up there and it should live up to the " Urbana " type of poetry that it is. I am thinking " George is making it. Postmidnight might have a go. RAC and mabe Dawn Saylor. Cristen might get in the mix one way or the other. I wish Taylor was on the team. Iactually like that guy. He is kinda like the white version of me. Well, on that note...... Time to bounce. Peace Fish

 Why oh why? I am officially a fat bastard!! MY tux jacket is a 52 and that means that I am wayyyyyy tooooo big. The guy fitting us was saying that I wasn't that big. He says this because he was at a hefty 375 pounds before his " Gastric Bypass " surgery. This is that whole staple your stomach for you won't eat that much. Shit, it's a thought..... Anyway..... yesterday was such a good day. Headed down to the SynonymUS jam at the studio at 26th street. This was my first time at a studio and I can't believe the awesome time I had. I was slightly miffed getting there ( not really mad, just felt weird ). yesterday was the gay pride parade. Thousands of gay people marching down fifth ave to celebrate their Queerdom. So walking past the parade with my Poetry shirt that says boldly " My life is different then yours ". Too many people were thinking I lived the gay lifestyle. At least that is what I was thinking. IF I am walking down the Gay pride parade and I see a guy with a shirt that says " my life is different then yours ", he has to be gay. So, yesterday, I was gay. It was n't that bad but it was just for one day. Got to the studio and I was amazed at all the equipment that was in the room. Mics, Speakers, Drims, Keys, Congas. Ray was the genius behind this madness and I was totally impressed by Raymond Daniel " the sensitive one " Medina. This motherfucker got everything together and rocked hardcore. Omri, who has been a straggler here and there ( that is not a bad thing ) took his guitar and made tha bitch scream. He took it to some serious levels that impressed the fuck out of me. Peter was jamming on the drums and he was awesome. So, the premise of this was to collaborate between musicians and poets. Seve was there and blessed us with a piece from " Cosvlaw ".... I will get the right spelling for you later. He really kicked ass on the piece. The tone was solid and the music behind seve had good flow. Jessica, Oscar, Jai ( who is really a fuckin good poet ) and Myself did our thing during seperate moments. I dropped my Apocalypse piece with Jessica doing some jazzy operatic tones vocally in the backgroud. I started my piece with a low tone and hit my mark halfway through it and we jammed hard. I felt some serious adrenaline rushing. It brought a whole new life to the piece and I left there with a whole different style of how I wanted to do the piece Thursday at the dark future slam. At the end of the session, we just wanted to jam out hard and Gerard ( toro's partner in crime showed in the evening and rocked with us ) and he started with the congo. I started feeling it and started dropping my Bronx piece. Oh man, it sounded awesome but we had some MIC problems. We kicked it hard and finished it with Seve and I doing a " HOT " duet. We would just scream the word " hot " into the mic and it added this energy taht was crazy. The ideas for the Bronx piece were flowing too much after we left the studio. Tonight, " Yo soy del Bronx " is going to have a new meaning. Off Hand, Oscar, Chance, myself, and I need a girl to read two lines in my poem. So if you are a girl and want to rock out tonight at LouderJAM, E-MAIL ME!!!!! I came home and parked and I was just moving mentally a million miles per minute. I can't explain to you the whole rebirth with this jam. It was just such a new expereience and I had a great time. Raymond, Omri, Peter, Seve, Jai, Oscar, Gerard, Jessica, and the other girls there that their names are escaping me . It was an honor to be amongst you talented motherfuckers!!!!! Tonight, WE ROCK!!!!!! Peace, Love Take care Fish >)))">

 MY neighborhood is shit 11pm and I take a shower and I make my way out in the neigborhood. All I take is 10 bucks with no id. Why do I do this??? Here is a tip for all you people out there. When you are out on the street late at nghtt, from the point of view from someone that will mug you and maybe one day even get mugged, turn your pockets ( in front )inside out, turn around and lift up your shirt and show that there is no wallet. Two things can happen, you will get shot in back of the head or the person will walk away with just your ten bucks. Another note of interest, you can get into basically anything and not get caught up leaving your ID behind. Not the point......... Last night, I did my walk around the nighborhood to get a pizza and maybe find a newspaper to read sitting in front of the church. The pizza sucked and the newspaper had nothing of " life value ". I did see a cab driver get into a hefty argument with the dude the cab dropped off. You can tell that both of them were totally full of shit. Nothing but " fuck you's " were thrown back and forth for about 10 minutes. No swinging of crushing of facial bones. I actually wouldn't have minded seeing a good old fashioned scrapping in the middle of the street. Seems like the black dude knew several of the young kats in the building and when they came out and chased the cab driver. A simple push of the gas pedal, the cab driver is gone. I go back to my newspaper and read that " lil kim 's " chain was found. I was shocked, I thought that she was bullshitting to sue or something. This is when this one chic walks by me and asks me for the time. I told her it was about 1:30am and she went on her way. I was kinda thinking, where did this girl have to be at this time in the morning. I pay it no mind........ 2 : 30 comes and the time chic returns, across the street were 2 dudes that were walking rather slowly. My ghetto instinct puts 2 + 2 together and figured this was a great time to set me up. She is walking closer and I get up and start stretching and walking. If I would have heard her say " excuse me Mister, " or anything to get my attention, I would have stabbed her in her throat and walked away. This way, the two guys would be too busy with her throat hanging out her neck and that would have given me enough time to get to safety. I walk to my building. The guys kept on walking and the girl was no where near them. Kinda makes ya think how things can be taken out of hand sometimes. Better out of hand then being set up. Then again, I on had 3 bucks in my pocket. I could have just given up those three bucks and " maybe " gotten home Remember the first option. This train of thought is maybe why I have no fear of going anywhere at any time. I have been there on both sides. Ok, tux fitting day. Peace, Love Take care Fish >)))">

 Jail and Birthday's The wonderful dog days of summer are upon us and I was in Jail. Literally, amongst some of the inmates participating in a workshop facilitated by My Bermeo. It was a good class yesterday. I took place in the first two freewrites because I had soooooooooo much on my mind. The premise of the freewrite was to write about anything that you wanted. Any subject, any topic, any format. I journaled my way through it and I basically touch of my very low tolerance as of late. The second freewrite was to pick one line from the first freewrite and I go with it. I still stood on the same topic. It felt good to write. I haven't felt like I have written something decent for a very long time. I still write but it is mostly in my journals. I think I might be using all my creative juices on these blogs. I mentioned to the fellas that My 4th of July will not see me coming to rikers for the workshop. I want to go to a BBQ and maybe just go into my little hole to be alone. I know that I spend alot of time alone but the 4th of July is different for me. Last Monday ( June 23 ) was the anniversary of me losing my fingers. 11 years and counting. 11 years of reliving bad memories. Constant reminders of pain. The typical : why did this shit happen to me ?". It is not as bad as it was 10 years ago. Still, I look at my hand and remember that at the age of 22, I had 10 healthy fingers. So, the 4th is kinda hard for me and I tend to go to my usual spot and be alone. This year, I will be alone but I will chronicle everything in my little book. I need to get a good battery for I can start lugging my laptop around. Yesterday was Keith Birthday and we met up with him at a restaurant ( sammy's ). They actually had the awesome Chinese food. I had this sweet and sour chicken that was off the hook. Trying to find parking to get there was a mission in itself. Then, when I did find parking, it was about 9 blocks away and I was walking with my good friend " gimpy ". His gout was acting up and him walking like a normal human being seemed totally out of the question. After Keith Shindig, we headed over to meet up for Seve's Shindig. He had a little get together at Hudson Bar and books. We gimped our way there and outside was Seve looking smooth the the fresh cut and the Guyavera ( Spanish going out shirt ). Smooth motherfucker you. Inside were some of the regular louder folks and I had a great time. I was kinda quite listening to this one girl talk ( and boy could she talk ). When she started going into religion, that is when I made my exit. I know that there are three things I never talk about, Religion, politics, and sex. Ok OK.....so two thngs. I wanted to go pick up that hooptie and I wasn't waiting for the gimp so I left him behind to pick it up and walked down Hudson. This is when I was talking about God alot.......... OH MY GOD!!! The people hanging in the village at 2am was crazy. Christopher street was packed. This one bar " Henrietta Hudson " was LOADED with people. Mind you, it was a full blown lesbian bar, but lesbian or not, some of these women were beautiful. I get back to my car. I realized something. I have been part of something only on the business side. I never really sat and socialized with them on a personal level. It kinda gave me a new found hope that things aren't really that bad as I thought. Picked up the gimp and drove home locally and made some drive by's around some local places. I got home and parked in the parking lot and as of this moment, I owe them 10 bucks, I am leaving it there for the full 24 hours to get my ten bucks worth. I am suppose to go out today but it seems that my house will see me for most of the night. Plans have changed and I am glad that they did. I feel better today. I think that is a good thing. Tomorrow, the fitting of the TUXES!!!! It should be fun. We are going to lunch afterwards and it should be cool. Another note : I think the outake on Porno's are the funniest things in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You see things like: 1 Oops, I am sorry I poked you in the eye 2 "I forgot my line " ( WHAT lines are really needed in porn ) Ok, have a good day Peace, love Take care Fish >)))">

 I thought I was done for the day Well, 11:00am to 1:30pm lunch hour and this is what happens........... 11 to 12 was a waste of my fucking time... Not the point..... I walk..........headed to Central Park to clear my head that has been quite volatile lately. I walk into this park that is the greatest park in NYC. I feel strangely out of place. I feel like if I don't belong. Beautiful lake with at least 30 Mallard ducks staying in the shade. This caught me for a loop because the way I think of ducks as always swimming back and forth in the water. Along side the ducks, several pigeons. They seemed so happy to just stay in the shade with not one worry in the world. I still feel out of place. I walk...... ........ along this path and I sat on the bench that was dedicated to " Anne Marie " from Marie and Joe. The spot where it seemed that no one wanted to sit was the bench I chose. In front of me, three little old ladies drawing on canvass. Seeing them draw and converse amongst themselves was enjoying. They seem to take their art as their life and in looking at them, I saw myself enjoying the art that I was gifted with. With every stroke of the old ladies hands, I attached a word to that stroke. I used words like " soft, gentle, assuring ". With every moment that she stopped in order to see her work being born, I used words like " Happy, accomplished, meaning ". I was writing to their work and I felt truly......... inspired. I felt at peace. I felt like I finally know what I am. Without even realizing it, the struggling writer was born in the backdrop of Central Park with three little old ladies being my light at the end of a confused tunnel. Such desire to make perfection with their strokes, my words are " my " perfection. Words are " My " life. I shed a tear. in central park being alone and thinking, I cry. Why? I wish I could say. I just want things better around me. I can only carry just so much positivity. June 27th 2003...... Welcome to the world, Fish, the writer. ummmmmm........ I am kinda sorry for being somewhat judgemental of certain people. If I have brushed you the wrong way lately, I am sorry. This weekend will be my weekend where decisions will be made. I can't procrastinate no longer. Tuesday's blog will be one to remember...... Have a great weekend. Peace, Love, Take care Fish >)))">

 Have a great Weeeknd Hola folks, Have a great weekend and be well. IF you are aware of this or not......... Wish the incredibly sexy Marty McConell a Happy Birthday today. Peace, Love Take care Fish >)))">

 This is sad........ The fact that I am at work and I feel more comfortable then being at home. Ok, most of you know me as a strong Puerto Rican man that is in total spiritual connectivity with his heritage and roots. Now, if hating the hot weather doesn't make me Boricua, pound the gavel and declare me guilty. So many people were complaining about the rain and cold weather, now , mother nature is blasting us with heat from hell. I am convinced that mother nature has connection with the devil, this heat doesn't come from her, it has to be directly borrowed from hell. Well, Since I spent most of the night awake, I did soo much thinking. I tried to keep the cup half full but that is proving hard for me. I have to hit rock bottom one of these days in order to progress. I have this tendency of being stuck in Purgatory. For instance, my poetry is kinda stuck in limbo. I am workshopping and reading to better myself and I know this is going to take time. I have seen some differences even from my uppercase until now. I was looking at the tape and you can see that things are changing. My voice is still the same but my style has slowed down. I also am not screaming at the top of my lungs. That kinda took away from the pieces that I was dropping. This weekend should be a good weekend. Saturday is my best Friends Birthday. I have to go spoil her as she always takes care of me for my birthday. She brought me a filter for my tank and that was kinda big since them things are expensive as hell. So, Seems like a dinner and whatever she wants to shop for seems to be in order. She mentioned Diamond earrings, should I or shouldn't I ? LOL. We see. Sunday I wanted to hang out at this BBQ but seems that will not happen. The dreaded fitting of the Tuxedo's is this Sunday. I am goinng to look like a fat Puerto Rican penguin. I have to do it for my dawgs wedding. My nigga E is getting married. I am soo happy for his little ass. I have to awlays say this, that motherfucker is hands down the best brotha I know. He is hardworking, loyal, smart, and has a giving side that will not even come close to anything else. He is a great pop to his little man and I respect him for that. It is going to be good to see him finally getting this marriage thing done. I was thinking about writing some beautiful poetic shit to say at his wedding. Yet, what can I say that is not already in the heart. Why write it to try and remember it later ?? If it came from the heart today, it should be there later. Today is a good day. Tomorrow is another endeavor that I am doing to better myself. I hope things change, as of now, not many people will be too happy with me. Note: If you page me, my pager is off until next week. A backlog at the company won't let me have my pager connected into later next week. All this on this blog and I primarily didn't say shit. Yep. it's a bad day. Peace, Love Take care Fish >)))">

 Need I complain??? Ok, I sign on to post this blog and they changed the format and I almost screamed. WHAT THE HELL IS THIS ???? I hate change. Ok, it is 6:00am and I am typing. This means that it was hot last night and I ddin't sleep worth one nickel. I have an AC but I hate them things. Give me my fan and I am happy. Anyway, last night I was flicking through the TV and I caught a new show on Playboy. It is kinda like a Candid camera tye of show but the pranks are hilarious. I caught this one prank and I laughed throughout. They had three unsuspecting dudes take part in a study abot how men get turn on with certain stimuli. They put this thing on the guys. It was kinda like what boxers wear to protect their genital area. It was connected to some wires which went to this machine with a dial from 0.0 to 10.0. In front of the guys was a revolving pedestal with different stimuli. First experiment was one girl naked just moving around and the machine would go up to a 4 or 5. Then they had two girls and they got really sexy and the machine went up to a 6 or 7. Ok, this wasn't that funny. When they brought out the fat dude that was slightly balding and no where near packing. This was OVER THE TOP. The guys were all seemingly uncomfortable. They tried not to look and the guy got on the revolving pedestal. The machine started beeping and going crazy. It read 10 plus. The guy taking the study told the dudes taking the study that they were gay. I thought I was going to die. I was laughing so hard here at home and I couldn't get over that. So, I hope that you people stay nice and cool. Don't die in this heat. I will post something else when I get to work. I am actually in one of those profound intellectual moods. Peace

 where is my tiramisu? Good morning ladies and gentleman, I am here in the job and everything is great. I feel good and I actually slept last night. As hot as it was, my hot sweaty naked body was comfortable as hell and I slept like a baby. Once you get that nasty visual out of your mind about me being naked ( and stop laughing ), I will proceed with this unusual rant. Ok, here it is, my birthday was on January 7th of this year. I know, it was a while back already. Some of my best buds took me to Peter Luger's, My parents cooked dinner for me, the sweetest friend I have brought me a filter for my fishtank, even one person spoiled me rotten with clothing and what not. Here is the thing ( LOL ) This motherfucker offered me a dinner and I am still waiting. Then, THE MOTHERFUCKER offered me some tiramisu ( Italian desert ) and I am still waiting!!!!!! I am shouting him out on this e-mail!!!!! Ok, here goes..... Until I get my tiramisu, I will harass him and become the cyber terrorist that I am. Here is what I will do..... Today, no information will be conveyed. Every week, I will post something to the internet to make his life miserable. So....... First comes: Phone number Cell number Address Mother's phone number Mother's address ( She gives great ......let me stay shut ) I will post every embarassing moment of this lackies life and have everyone call him until he gets me my tiramisu YOU MOTHERFUCKER!!!!! Then, if that doesn't work, I will post the most sensitive moments in his life.. ie: Like the time when we got locked up and they called his mother and he fainted. Like a little bitch, he fainted and the cop caught him. Want more??? Oh... I GOT PLENTY!!!! He is probably saying, " I don't care, this shit won't phase me ". well, you know what, I have that tendency of not giving up until I get mines So... Here is the first tidbit Name: Wilfred Martinez Employer: Dairyland Tomorrow...... The social Security number, Phone number and address. Where is my TIRAMISU? YOU MOTHERFUCKER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 it's that time Laptop literally on the lap..........................check 2 liter bottle of ice cold Pepsi.....................check Channel 59 gratuitous porno.......................check a MIND FILLED WITH OODLES OF NONSENSE.........CHECK Fingers itching to write it all down................check ( x 7 ) :) Ok, so I am home and I have just returned from another incredibly fullfilling Acentos. Can I even explain how happy I was today?? I will try to the best of my ability. I would take the liberty of writing this in a format suitable for the mass of viewers in our Acentos group. Yet, I will write this with my own personal flare and ghetto tinge. Shit was off the hook today. Don't get me wrong, I had fun as soon as I stepped into the Blue Ox bar. The feature was already there and we really connected talking about teaching and our conjoined and common love for our ghetto of the Bronx. The open mic was prety good and we had a decent mix of newbies and regular's. We are getting people coming from all over the place to grace our mic. People are coming from Downtown and a girl came from her school in a cab to try and get there on time. She had an old Bonafide flyer and that shit meant that my flyering is getting to the masses. Our feature was fucking awesome. I really was into most of his set. I was digging it because he brought hs poetry with a fuckin vengence!! He dropped it and kept his own personal energy unabated. With a back up of two guitars and the occasional Majimbe ( drum for you dumb fucks ) his set proved to be my most favorite so far. I mean, I felt him being ttaly genuine on his front about how much he loved Acentos. Everyone that comes through loves what we have put together. Oscar is doing his thing and keeping the hosting very perosnal between him and the audience, you know what, I would say don't do it, but it works and it keeps people coming back. He is doing his thing and I am proud of his ass. So, I was venting today and I have soooooooooo much to say. Yet, revealing shit would go against alot of what I stand for. Yet, I could say some things in general. I did this once and I got respect for it, I say this now..................... " If you do not like me in any which way, call me and tell me ( 718-547-3823 ), I will then keep my distance from you and you better keep yours from mines. " I say this because I am getting kinda fed up with hypocrisy and nonsense. I show my love to everyone that is in my inner circle. If I don't talk to you, I don't like you. It is simple. If I don't like something you do, I wil tell you, we will work it out, and we keep on walking. Things are getting done differently then what I thought in certain areas of my life. I try to understand but it is really bothering me that things are getting done in only one way and no other way. Even if they seem vehemently bogus, they still need to try something different that will work. I understand that everything in life is a " try and see if we succeed " attitude. Yet, it just bothers me when life is shit and they sprinkle sugar on the shit and try to sell it to the masses as if it is sugar filled. Uh, it is still shit if you ask me. Try and read in betwen the lines and you will get a headache. Try to get it out of me, I will tell you. The best part of the evening was this........... A part of one of my poems says " You got pito, puto, and papito and a whole bunch of other " P " nicknames ". Today, I saw Puto, I missed that guy so much. He is doing well and we kicked it as if he and I were hanging everyday. Just being on the block for 20 minutes has given me so much incentive to write. Alot of the guys are really happy and even proud of me for writing. They know that this is a story that I will get out to the masses. I feel like edward james olmos in Mi Familia. He was a struggling writer that wanted to make it big. Since I am struggling, I just need the writer part to come to life. I really do miss my old block, them Kats were the very meaning of what I was and what I became, a man. I became a man in the company of the hardest thugs in NYC. Tony was there and I haven't seen him since I graduated High School. That is 13 years my freind. We spoke like we just saw each other yesterday. OK, I have written enough nonsense with no format at all. I write like aI think, just crazy. This leather couch in the top floor apartment is proving that it was FUCKING hot Today. k, Had a great convo with someone that has the balls to do something ad is not afraid to say what is on his mind. With this being said, that is the defiition of a revolutionary. That is not keeping it real. That is the truth coming out of the mouth. Too many people are afraid to say the truth. When the ydo say the truth, they are afraid of hurting feelings. I call it as I see it. The calm serene lake will be rippled beyond repair if shit doesn't get rectified. Peace, Love Great porno on Fish >)))">

 I am soooo sorry IF I have offended any of my females THAT I LOVE SO DEARLY!!!! I AM SOOO SORRY!!!!! Yet, this shit has had me laughing to the point of no beathe for about an hour.

 You are the long-sabered, well-spoken Fish Windu, one of the most powerful Jedi on the Louder council. Though you're devoted to doing good Louder deeds, at heart you're a bad muthatrucka. and secretly want to fuck Roger up. Though it's never discussed in the movies, chances are you get mad ladies. It's no coincidence that your light-saber is a special color and is extra-long.

 Who we be? I be, we be, you be, fuck the booshwazi!!!!!! Well, here is my blog for today. I am back at the JOB and I feel good. I am doing my thing and life is good. I actually got a really good night's sleep last night. Why??? Simple. I got soooo aggravated last night that I hit the " FUCK it " mark. I got home and didn't think about shit and I slept quite well. Last night was our womenEDGE format to the evening and Mara Jebson was the feature. Let me go to the evening and how it went. Good evening with about 60 people in attendance. Our host for the evening was Syreeta McFadden. Clearly, as she declared this her " Virgin hosting " adventure, she actually did good for her first time. She was a little nervous and you can tell. She did her thing and I actually would look forward to seeing her host again after more practice runs. The open mic was decent last night. The highlight of the evening was the Escalon family coming out strong. Roberto Escalon ( Currently a member of the National Seattle team ) read a homage for his mother and he was strong. Lisa read and as usual, she is awesome. Something about that girl gives off the sense that she is beyond genuine. Her heart is warm and just talking to her can brighten a brothers day. The highlight now??? Momma Escalon was there and she read on the open mic. This part would have even made a shitty mic go over to greatness. It was time to bring our feature up and it was her time to shine. I was pretty happy to see her feature for the simple fact that I uppercased with her last November ( I am living through her ). She got up there and she went through her poems. She was very very nervous and it seeped through her pores. When she learns to relax and not rush through, she will be an awesome feature. Until then, she was pretty good. Following her Mara was a question and answer by Ginna. I wasn't digging this part that much. Ginna asked very generic questions and I didn't get a feel about Mara at all. I wanted more personal questions. I have seen Roger, Guy, Oscar, and Ginna run Q & A. I have to make ripples and say that Oscar kicked ass in the Q & A session. I want to feel that I know the poet on a personal level after a q & a. I honestly don't care what they reading, how they revise and edit poems. Maybe one question was asked that was decent and that was the relationship between Mara and her Mom ( the storyteller ). Besides that, I could have gone without the Q & A. Now, the bout of the night.......Lynne Procope -vs - Dawn Saylor....... Need I say who won??? Of course..... Lynne Procope took it hands down. I was aggravated to the 7th level after the bout ( for reasons that I won't display here ). So I didn't pay the results any mind. Lynne won the bout and that is pretty much making Louder " the pimp slapping big brothers of Urbana". Does this make Louder better??? not really. I am sure that if the next bout was to take place in Urbana, it would be a different story. So, I am itching to write about sooooo much but I don't have time. I just want to relax and hope that things will run smoother down the road. I am aiming for right after nationals, the atmosphere should be more laid back. At this time, it better. I am concentrating on many other avenues to better myself and I don't need aggravation. First and foremost, I am a writer. I realized this when I would just love to sit down and create something with words. I am still a poet, I am just making the umbrella of " writer " solid in my life. I love poetry and it has made me and paved the way for many other things. Yet, I am a writer. I will do much and much will do me...... I just hope I could keep up with it. LOL Ok, to all my people..... I hope the bullshit stops. My tolerance is low. I love ya like a piece of ham on a Sunday morning.

 Damn people are demanding these days!!!!!!!!! Ok ok ok.......... I didn't write anything in my blogger and I get three e-mails, " Are you ok ?, where are you ?"... GIVE A BROTHA SOME SLACK!!!!!! With a great blog comes great responsiblity. LOL. I try to adapt that concept to sex but that hasn't come lately. So, my blog will do just fine. Well, I got a new phone today and that is the reson that I have spent most of my day away from you yahoo's. I am just really having a good ol time just clicking away with Pics and all. The phone is hot. Wel, super short blog becuase Fish has to go pick up Flyers and do his thing Peace Take Care >)))">

 Sometimes I just wonder.......... Well, I finally got enough thoughts in order to Blast " THe Hulk " as intellectual as possible. You see, last night when I got home, if I would have entered a blog, it would have read like this.......... " The Hulk was a piece of shit movie and I wasted my time!!!!!!!!!!". Yet, I waited to let the anger subside until today and enter a review of what I thought the movie was lacking. Well, The movie was different. It had things hat I never even remotely seen done in other movies. Let me get to the Best parts of the movie. Great transitioning between scenes. It was very " Comic Bookish " Some split scenes were pretty cool to give you an idea or perspectives from different camera angles The special effects of course wre awesome. The hulk character at first seemed so fake and you teneded to forget that throughout his appearances. What was bad......... I am saying the the storyline was good but the delivery was bland. You needed a much need extra boost to keep you interested in the context and what they were trying to make you believe. What I felt was most lacking were the scores in the movie and the music buildup. We have to face facts, a movie with an awesome buildup of music will put an average movie over the edge. The fast and the furious would have been garbage with opera as the main scores. The movie really didn't do it for me and I hope that all of you comic book fans won't dismiss this movie that fast. Maybe you all will love it. The common feeling through out the movie theater ( all 5 of us was dissappointment ). I got to see a super late screening at 2:30am with just some employees. I guess I can't complain that much, I didn't pay for the movie so why beef? I just figure that if did pay for it, I would have entered that first blog. Ok, be good Peace, Love Take care fish >)))">

 Should I or Shouldn't I? The weekend falls upon us and I am torn between 15 different things to do. I wanted to go to this Poetry reading tonight but I think it is going to be about 4 million people trying to audition to get on DEF poetry Jam. That is certainly not something I am interested in doing if it just all about that. If I had my Cd's with me, I could go and maybe just pump them suckers like the mad pimp that I am. So, tonight looks like I will jsut go and do my own thing. I was suppose to go out to dinner tomorrow with a freind of mines but things got complicated and I have to turn down any invites with precursor's. on July 3rd is my first day at Bedford Hills and I can't make it because of this Darf Future slam. I really don't want to miss it. That is going to suck. I have to call and tell them that a slam has taken priority over teaching, I bet my life is going straight down hill after that. Well, I am staying away from everybody this weekend. So, just let me be and I will catch all of you on Monday. I am going to see a therapists Monday so be ready to hear some brand new revelations in my life. IF this motherfucker doesn't help, alot of unhappy people will come to be. Time to go Have a great weekend. Peace, Love Take care >)))">

 Why Sweet Savior of ours.......... WHY!!! I am back at home and I proceed to enter this blog basically disgusted with what I saw. Easily the worst poetry of any venue in NYC. Tonight was the bedeviled " Grudge " slam at the Bowery Poetry club. Some teams from Cambridge Mass, Texas, Chicago and no where else that really matters because the night was garbage to say the least. Not everyone sucked ass, yet, I will give you a quick overview..... First Round for the night: Indigo: 24.9 RAC:24.7 Cristin:27.0 Etan:20.9 In this round, Indigo came and dropped a pretty decent piece. It was somewhat drab but the score showed the poem was a bit too montone. RAC came on and she dropped a good piece and it was her " a ' game as far as I could see. Cristin came with a new piece and as the Loose Cannon that she is, she got the high score to win the first round. Etan dissappointed me big time. I heard so much about him and he didn't seem as good as others made him out to be. I guess those midwesterners love his style Second round Jeff: 23.0 Celena:24.3 Morris: 20.3 Bingo:21.7 Jeff got up there and dropped a prety political piece and he got a 23.0 that was the average of the evening. Celena did a page piece and it was different from what I am used to seeing her do. Now, Morris. You all know that I am the most " devil's advocate " abiding motherfucker out there. This little balding bastard dropped some bullshit. I had this guy up there with the people that push the envelope, and he drops some raucous non-classy garbage that shouldn't even have been written. There was no purpose what so ever to his poem . If I was Asian, I would have punched him in the face. I know, I know, it is just poetry, yet, drop something worthy on the stage and not some clear stupid shit. I won't waste my time on Bingo. This little old man that is about two steps from death and all I remeber is him saying " kiss my piss ". Third Round Post Midnight: 27.0 Joel:25.0 Adam:24.1 Shappy:24.4 Post midnight came in first in this round with his 6 : 45 minute piece about his love and awe for bacon. I now tat everyone from urbana dropped a new piece for the evening except Post, doesn't he have any more poetry in his arsenal? Did he and was he the only one that went against a Bowery Motto of using New Poetry ??? Who knows. Yet, his diatribe about his amorous obsession with Bacon won out. Joel dropped a good piece and Shappy was typical greatass Shappy!!! fourth Round Krystal: 24.2 Star: 24.3 Tony:27.2 Shawn:25.4 The fourth Round saw this sexy diva named Tony give it her all and really bring in the best score for the night. Star did a group piece with Adam and it was very well rehearsed. Shawn came in with a new poem and actually threw me for a loop. I was expecting a freestyle but the poem he read seemed really new. He didn't win this round so that is something to take into account. So, Urbana took this grudge match hands down with no competition at all. If thi grudge match is a pre-cursor to what is going to happen in nationals, I swear to the almighty fuckin dollar that I am bringing some profound shit next year. Ok, let me write about myself. I went to the Bowery to get on the open mic to get a feel for their stage. I never did a piece there before. turns out that I was the first victim from the corporation and I had to do my piece while my hands were tied behind my back. Today, I brought new meaning to the phrase, " I now this poem so well that I could do it with my hands tied behind my back. I did the piece and dropped it perfect. I left out the last stanza to give them something new the day of the slam. I loved the way Taylor Mali comes after I finished to remove the cuffs but I already picked them and removed them. I walked off the stage and I was really feeling the vibe at Bowery. I could barely see the faces looking back so I couldn't really get distracted by anything. Ok, back to this grudge slam. What got me pissed mostly was the bad influx of poetry that came from some of the best people on the scene. I have seen Morris feature and I am aware and KNOW that he could have dropped something better then that. I have no clue who adam Stone is and after he dropped his poem dissing Saul Williams, I won't even bother. If you need to spend your energy on dissing another poet, I won't hold you too much in regard. That is just how I see it. ok, now more or less my anger is subsiding. I was realy expecting some great poetry tonight and I got served with some half ass shit. The only thing that is good here is that Urbana kicked their collective asses. I hope nationals will not be a waste of my time. I am a football player and I adopt the WIN mentality to ANY competition I do!!!!!! I am not bringing something half ass to even risk losing. Then that would give motherfuckers the opportunity to talk shit down the road. Fuck that, Bring that shit or stay home. Every time I get on that Mic, I bring 110 Percent!!!!!! I work hard off the mic to make sure that when I do get up there, I am doing the best that I can. If it doesn't go my way in the way of winning, I just work harder off the mic. It is not all about winning but If I am in something where I could win, I am going for it. Peace, Love Take care Fish >)))">

 urlLink Which NYC Slam poet can you be??? Taylor Mali You are Taylor Mali, the bad boy of slam, teaching the rest of us a lesson in humility. urlLink What famous poet on Live Journal are you? NO WAY IN HELL!!!! urlLink LOVE TAYLOR TO DEATH BUT me BEING LIKE HIM......... NAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 ******** Machismo Redefined Review straight from the NUYO********** Hello people, I just got home from handing out over 300 flyers for Acentos. I wasn't just going to he NUYORICAN to support my Poetic brethren, I was plugging our venue like the mad publicist that I am. Well, Today, June 18, 2003 was the debut of Machismo Redefined. The main participants of this interestingly thrown together accomplishment were Fred Feliciano, Nathan P, Chance, Crow. From the looks of that last sentence, Fred needs a nickname to really be in sync with the rest of the cast. I got there several seconds after the opening credits ( open mic'ers ) . So writing a review about the two that I saws would be a waste of my time. The show finally opened up with some good cued music, I would have paid attention to the music but I started reviewing later then I would have wanted to. The show opens with Freddy getting on the mic and traditionally getting ready to open the show. An audience member which was a female started heckling Freddy and you immediately knew it was a skit. It was actually pretty funny and even somewhat genuine. Crow comes in and tries to calm the audience member down then chance basically tells her to " Shut up and sit down " . They all go to describe ( with their own personal poems) what machismo really is to them. One by one, they poeticize the reasoning for Machismo redefined. After this, Chance was the first Poet/ Comedian/ host/ whatever te hell he was doing up there. He drops some of his poems and he was really zoning. He was nervous but he used it to his advantage. He dropped one piece that he said was very personal to him but the sensitivity of the piece was lost when he had to describe it. Te piece could have been a tear jerker but it still needed more. He makes such a great comeback with the hosting experience that he has honed over the past several months. He was energetic and contolled the crowd with his humor and quick wit. He deemed it appropiate to drop his signature " Chuchi the fakass Puerto Rican " Piece. I have to say that this young kat has worked hard to twist that piece into what it is today. I would not want to go up against that piece in a slam. It was a diamond in the rough and he has finally polished it and has his signature piece gleaming with a close to perfect rendition of it. Kudos to Chance Crow enters for the second feature set. I have never seen crow before so this was his opportunity to give a great first impression on me.Most likely he will never read this but hey, let me think.... He drops a poem about " with great dick comes great responsibility". He had a good comedic strength and it went hand in hand with the machismo redefined motto. At one point, I was lost. I wsn't aware if he was doing a poem or freestyling or something. Then he dropped " the greatest apology you never saw ". It definitely fell in the confines of the message they were trying to convey. The poem was good and it might have been just a tad too complex but the message was well received throughout the audience. A decent piece followed by comedy might have killed it for me but this was working well and getting laughs. He ends his set with a skit that turns into a really good poem. It was about his wife and even though it was somewhat of a weak start, it was an extremely strong finish. Freddy makes his entrance and I knew something was wrong with him from the start. His voice wasn't nearly as strong as his normal Fred feliciano way. At this point, I am wondering how many times he will say " Cock ". I have always liked Freddy and his poetry is " Different " . Today, I have realized what Freddy is, he is a hands down Spoken word Comedian. I respect him for that. He does things that I can't do. As soon as he gets on stage he starts off so well and says " give it up for me, I have a big ego ". That was funny as fuck. Probably the best line of the night. He proceeds to drop his good piece " Cock on Ice " I lost count of how many times he said cock. I have seen Freddy many times so the shock valuewasn't really there for me. Yet, with lines like " If I was able to suck my own cock, I will swallow ", it does has an essential moment that makes you go " damn " .The crowd was loving it and I was not suprised. Freddy caters to the regular crowd that laughs at most of he things he says. A poem can say cock 4 times in a comedic context and you will win over the crowd. Say it 56 times and you might win over the world. I personally won't do it that wasy but hey, to each their own. He is there and starts another piece and says that this is a serious one. He sets the crowd up and does his thing. Freddy Proceeds to drop another piece " I am the Jacques Cousteau of pussy eating ". This had everyone pretty much laughing and gigging on the endless stacks and stacks of metaphoric descriptions on how Freddy eats pussy. With Lines like " I am a mild mannered Human resources Manager by day, at night, I am ( enter superhero them music here ) ............ PUSSY MAN!!! More lines like " My Cock the supervillian still kils me. Another skit enters as Freddy finishes his piece. Nathan P acts as Maury Povich and sitting there was Freddy and Tanya. Freddy was there to get the results of a DNA test to prove if he was the fater of a child or not. It was a great skit to lead into his last piece " men Suffer too ". I was very impressed on several fronts with Freddy's set and this poem. He left me with a newfound hope that one day, he wil not say " COCK ". His set was great and I have to say that his impression was strong. Regardless of how raspy his throat sounded, he did well. Nathan goes up and I have heard him before. I heard he was an excellendt poet and he lived up to that expectation. His choice of words and context were pretty strong. He horded some comedy and had great presence on the stage. So, all out review of Machismo redefined goes like this........ The show was very different and I have to applaud these artist that have gotten together to pull this off. The house was packed as if it was a Friday night slam. They all delivered great poems for the show. The nerves were running pretty wild with these gys trying to pull this off. It was still well worth the time and I would recommend it to the person willing to appreciate some comedy, a comfortable setting. This by far was no where near a Broadway production but it certain was worthy of the NUYO. The brainchild behind this was freddy and it could explain alot of the messages that were said ths evening. Most messages were..... simple. Men are going to change. They are nt going to be the typical man that eveyone sees. Great crowd, good show 3.5 out of 5 from me. Don't expect life changng poetry of performances but it was great to go see. Time to go Fish

 Why here ????? Well, here is the thing ( as Oscar always says ). I come to work every morning and I am eternally in a good mood. I am always smiling and just happy to read my paper. Yet, it is the most fragile good mood known to man. It could get shattered in mere seconds with any number of circumstances. ie: Loud ass woman heading to the welfare office beefing!!! Loud ASS KIDS!!! Some third world immigrant cutting his nails, the hardcore thug trying to rap out loud. Anything that involves a disturbance to my little world entrapped in a subway bubble bothers me. This morning, this motherfucker gets on the train and starts with his shit, What was it?? From 205th street until my stop, he was talking about....... ( drumroll )............. Our Lord and savior Jesus Christ!!! Oh man, I was pissed. Then, he wasn't really preaching, he was more like screaming and yelling " accept the Lord and savior Jesus Christ into your life " . I am telling you, he must have known that I have different beliefs. I have nothing against the regular joe's preaching anything, yet, isn't there a thing called " Church "? If I wanted to find God, I know where to go. If I wanted to go to any organized relegion, I know where to turn. I don't need my train turned into a moving house of worship. I see people trying to spread the word of their religion and it kills me. I respect you, but don't agitate me early in the morning. Then, you ever had a good Sunday morning sleep disturbed by some Jehovah's Witnesses knocking early on your door?? Oh man, I hate that. Then, when you answer the door, some of them are kinda cute. I normally just open the door in my boxers and then they just leave and never come back. It works well actually. You have to be fat like me to do it though. If you are one of those hard rock fabio types, they will never leave your door unknocked. Last night was a good night..... I headed to Poetry Hill where Chance was Late as fuck. I was about to go to Jimmy's uptown but the $15 dollar cover surely kept me from going there. I love poetry but not for 15 dollars to sit and be a loyal spectator. The open mic was pretty cool yesterday. I had a hell of a time joking around and busting Chance's chops. On the Open Mic was Shadagga, Chance, Henry ( The Ultimate Boricua ), Kevin, BopdeBop ( This kid is going to be crazy when he gets older ). Chance and I did " our want to be famous piece and we screwed up royally, talk about funny. I then did my Apocalypse piece and everything was good. Butterfly soul was the feature for the night and we had a good time just joking around. It was a getaway last night and I didn't have to deal with any drama , it felt good. Ok Time to bounce Peace, Love Take care Fish >)))">

 This is weird Ok, I just got home from the " Almost Failed Venue " of Poetry Hill. I won't shout them out because I actually had a good time and the feature was one of my favorites. Ok, for two nights in a row, I have been coming home late and have noticed something that is really out of the ordinary. I know that for most of my life, birds tend to go to sleep at night just like we do. As soon as night falls, all birds pick their respective trees and you don't hear a peep ( literally ) until the crack of dawn. So the the past two nights I have walked home and heard birds in the middle of the night as if the sun was shining strong. The thing is, the slightest thing could mean something far bigger. Who knows what those birds chiping in the middle of the night are trying to say. Is it a warning? Is it fear ? Is it a batch of retarded birds that think the street lamp is the sun? I don't know, but my pellet gun is getting dusted off tomorrow if those little motherfuckers don't shut those beaks!!!!!!!!!!! PEACE, LOVE Take care Fish >)))">

 Best Monday I have had in a while Well, Monday comes and goes and I always tend to reflect Tuesday morning. Louder Monday was the usual string of confusion and Organized chaos at the beggining until the flow was established. I was kinda pissed at the start of the evening because if you say you are going to do something during the day, that takes priority over rehearsal and all the other mierda. You want to rehearse, do it at home, the train, before you get there. I am a worker and when I say I am going to do something, I am going to do it and do it 100%. I am not half assing. I see alot of that and it is really upsetting. Now, other then that....... The night was really good. The format was urlLink LouderJAM with urlLink Elana Bell hosting. I had a feeling she was going to actually just do well. She actually impressed me and did pretty good. She was talking too much shit up there but regardless, she did well. I told her at the end of the night, she did well. The open mic was really decent with a couple of stragglers making it for a good evning. THe highlight of the open mic was a certain " newbie " reading a poem for the first time. The poem was said to be " the best poem of the night. The newbie you ask?? It was Lenny. Good ol Lenny read a poem and it was nothing more but extremely heartfelt. It was a gushing of emotions of how we came to be. She declared her love on stage and the best poets in the house came to her telling her that she was awesome. THat is what happens aftr 9 months of hearing poetry, YOU BETTER BE GOOD AT WRITING IT.! " Congrats ma , I was very happy to see you up there " I was talking to several people about trying to get them to do the 2nd installment of the Rikers showcase. I have some good people and I am waiting for some confirmations. Once July 3rd comes around, I am going to know for sure who will be doing their thing. If you are not there , you are going to miss one hell of a show. I had to talk to Mr Shawn Randall about some topics that I wrote about several weeks ago on the blog. No biggie, " Shawn, I will catch you on the rebound " IF anything, leave your peace in the guestbook BRotha!!!!! LOL The Faith Project was really something of interest. It is combining different religions and putting all under the same umbrella of " Faith ". They did a small snippet last night and of course, I didn't see anything that embraces my Faith, but it was good. I might actually finally support them and see what this is all about. Time to bounce, be good Peace, Love ********* This is the poem that was read to me last night, via Lenny. ********** Finding Love Through Poetry Sept. 28, 2002 That was the day that was destined to change my life. A clear and Sunny day it was Looking to expand my horizons was my purpose Poetry was the calling And cornelias was the place Not a Poet myself, but a listener Alcohol still running through my veins from the night before In early celebration of the day I was born To my surprise, this was the day I met my Love. The funny part, was that I didnt even know it. Not yet formally introduced and not knowing what to expect He recites His voice, powerful and captivating I was overwhelmed by the words flowing from his lips Wow! Was what I felt I will never forget that performance As days went by.. He.Filled with interest and IFilled with confusion and Fear Fear of getting my heart broken Not knowing which direction to take, Rejection was all I knew to give and each time I rejected, my heart said I was wrong for doing so A few months and 4 chances later, which were given to me I had in my arms a man who treated me like a queen Unfamiliar territory it was to me Was this Real? Was all I thought Or was this another trick that life was playing on me One to add to my many days of pain and disappointments But no.This time I was proven wrong He WAS different And I.. Was sure.. All I wanted was to love and be loved and here was that chance A man more perfect I couldnt ask for A man perfect for me that is He opened doors that I never knew existed and for this I thank him He gave me new hope that led me to believe that There were still a few good men left in this world Now, I was privileged to say I had me a good man! December 25th was the happiest day The day I was asked to be his officially As scared, nervous, and happy thoughts ran through my mind I said yes. My prince had finally arrived A man, intimidating to others But a different man I knew One who was warm, respectful, Affectionate, loving, kind, giving, and Patient Was the man I knew and grew to care for and love Happy days followed And now, I dont want those days to ever end A strong bond has been built between us One that makes him a part of me as much as I am a part of him Who knew I would find love through poetry Who knew that the man I would end up loving Was a man named Fish.

 It's MONDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!! Good Monring my dearest folks!!!!!! I am back in the job and doing my thing. A great weekend if I have to say so. I say this because I am alive. I thought I was going to die with this Ebola in my system. I got over it and I feel good. Not much to really report or say. I kinda stood low yesterday and went out later in the evening. I was mostly watching " real TV " yesterday and the things that people catch on video is amazing. I have realized what bothers me the most. I have seen alot of things in my life and I know that almost nothing bothers me. Gunshots, Stab wounds, Car crashes, hangings, Train running people over, people jumping off the roof, drowning, none of this bothers me. Now, this is the funny thing, you know when you see a waterbug and you step on it and ot makes that pop sound. Then when a bone breaks , it makes that " snap" sound.This is what kills me. The sounds !!!!! I hear a bone brreak and I get all wiggy. I realized this yesterday. The bones start going in a weird direction, visually, I don't care. I hear the bones snap, and I am like .... UGH!!! Weird huh. LOL peace >)))">

 Comics, a gated community and a grill So, I am finally getting over this ebola virus that was killing me. I have no clue if it was a cold or a flu but it took serious toll on me. Yesterday, I had to go to an open house and a workshop and I didnt make nether. I stood home in the bed until 4pm. When I did roll out of bed, I made my way to meet up with Eric and Mike to head to PA. We had to go out there to drop off Erics collection of comics. So, for all you comic book enthusiasts out there, I handled over 15 boxes of comics from the early 70s. This dude must have spent every fuckin penny of his allowance when he was young on Comics. The ride out there was cool because we took Mikes van and it was comfy as a cloud in heaven. I was loving the seats. It was like a recliner in a vehicle. We got to the community and we had to get approval from Erics MOM to go into the community. It was like a little piece of safe and secure heaven on earth. One thing, it was hill after twist and turn. It was crazy. When we were headed out there, Eric called the mom and she started getting the grill ready. So after we had all the comics in the spare room. We started cooking the steaks. She diddnt buy the bootleg steaks neither. She got some official Chuck steaks and the BBQ was a blessing. We ate, and ate, and ate. Great food and a greater time. Coming home I was aggravated because I was calling somebody and they didnt pick up. I am a worrier but everything turned out ok. Came home and regardless of being sick, it was a good day to be with Eric. I had a great time and I actually feel better today. I know, nothing to detailed and it is all general, but hey, thats life when you sick. My little Ginna and Jayme is sick I hope they get better. Get better guys. Peace Love Take care, Fish >)))>

 These are the weird things I think about ok.....Dirty Blog today. Why is it as a man that is an avid Porno watcher, the remote and my finger on the fast forward button go hand in hand? Till this day, I don't know anybody, female or male, that sits down and watches four hours of straight porn. It is usually is spurts of 20 - 30 mins. After that, off goes the VCR and you are done for the day. I remember my first experience with watching porn. I was in Puerto Rico and a cousin of mines was single and oned over 200 pornos. Now, I am not kidding, he had over two hundred flicks. He had them all mixed up with his regular movies. So his blood and mines run in the same veins so we never even napped. We broke night and about 8 in the morning he fell asleep. I went through his flicks and just popped in another tape and on comes this dude and this chic.I was about 15 and I had no idea what was going on. No matter what I SAW IN pLAYBOY AND SPOKE TO THE FELLAS ABOUT IT, YOU ARE STILL shocked when you see it. Now, I am looking at them just pounding away and I see something kinda strange. The chic is also packing. Now I am like, ok, I am not that dumb but I thought women did not pack. That chic actually is packing ( she hung too ). Ok, now picture me looking at the TV , head cocked sideways, wondering what the hell is going on. Then, of course, I turned it off because I didn't want my cousin catching me. I go catch some z's and I am confused. Next night.......... I go pop in the tape and made sure I rewind that sucker to the beggining. Who ever recorded the movie started from a quarter through. So , I couldn't see it from the start. Ok, so getting the title will not help. Let me see, I start watching it again and the same chic pops up. So I think, maybe is a dude with long hair and the guy is catching wreck on her anal. Another camera angle and the it wasn't anal. Now, I am really confused. With that confusion comes fear. Are all girls like this ??? Is there a deep dark worldwide secret that no one mentioned to me? The dude has her ( or it as I refer to the chic ) in the spooning position and she starts stroking her meat. I lost it when some shot something out of her meat. Turned off the porno and didn't touch a girl until I was 18!!!! Till this day, I am still a little bit scared at that who thing. Was she a trans sexual??? nope. She was a hermerphrodite. The wonderful people that have the best of both worlds. Damn, don't be making porno's and fucking kids heads up though. That was my first porn experience. After that, years of careful research. I now make sure that the porno is worth my eyeballs. Of course, with that being said, I came across two brand new ones in a box last night at a friends spot. He was getting rid of them so I took. They are old as hell. Nothin says humor like two white people with Mullets ( old hair do's ) fucking. Nothing says humor like seeing Ron Jeremy weighing 140 pounds ( he weighs about 230 lbs now ). Is porn bad?? Is porn for dirty old pervert's such as myself?? Well, I know this much. Most people come across porn and they see at least ten mins of it. Some people see porn and they are turned off !!!!!!! Thay are so disgusted that they keep it in the drawer until nobody is around and play it over and over again. So for all you porno enthusiast out there. WE MUST UNITE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Peace, Love, I love you like I love ceviche Fish >)))">

 What makes me.......... me? What is the answer to that age old question? What makes Fish? Could I go out on a limb and give you a detailed description of what makes me??? NOPE. You have to figure that out on your own. I am at work and I am fighting this damned nasal thing. I have chronic nasal problems and it kills me. Not the point. Well, I was washig my teeth this morningand thinking what topic I am going to brush on in the blog today. Back in the day, I used to talk about sex, blowjobs, and how much I hate life. Now, I only talk about Poetry and how much I love life. I think I am offically gay. Hung out yesterday with my thug buddies. After the afternoon shift ( ends at 8pm) of selling drugs. I met up with them to have a quick bite to eat. I love them kats like nobody else. I felt seriously out of place. I keep my conversation about me at a minumal ( is that spelled right ?). I don't want overkill them with all this talk about Poetry and what I have been doing, it would overshadow their days of " Bitches and gossip ". The conversations mainly were routed to who fucked who, lack of money, things have changed. I was talking to a former " boss " of mines and his words were " how the fuck do you do it ?". I always attest my success and happiness to living as simple as possible. I have been trying my hardest to make these motherfuckers think that life is not that bad out of the hood. They have this incredible fear and confused notion that they belong and have to stay in the ghetto. I tell them to experience other lifestyles besides Hennesy and the occasional travel back and forth to Santo Domingo to get laid. They don't listen to me. They compare me to the radical revolutionary that tries to change what he grew up in. I honestly don't want to change nobody, I just want them to know there is sooo much more then just " Watson AVE ". There is so much more then hanging out and getting fucked up. There is more then having the fattest car, nicest clothes, biggest chain, most money. We hit a real sour note when we started talking about all the brothers that have died. I mentioned the poem that I wrote for one of our best friends. They wanted to read it and I read it for them. Sure enough, the last 3 sentences keep me choked up. I shed some tears. So out of the 6 people eating, 6 were wiping away tears. We all knew Freddy and looked up to him as our mentor and he was taken away from us. On this table, I could point out enough dirt to make sure we all do life in jail. Yet, we took a moment of silence, cried, then laughed. I miss the fellas but in being with them, I realized that lifestyle was going to kill me and maybe do something worst. In our field, death is not the worst thing. So, my life turned for a postive note and I appreciate it. Life is good for me. So, as I didn't do it last night...... " For my niggas, I put this cup up and toast to a long life. I will never judge you nor condemn you. I am a thug and I will always have your back. Even if it is just in thought, I love ya niggas " Kinda fucked up in the head today. Peace, Love Fish >)))">

 Acentos Perfection....... Just a teensy weensy bit too hot Oh man, Acentos is shaping up to be one of the best venues that has been birthed in the South Bronx. The founders might have had their skills honed in midtown but they have reaped the benefits and brought it to Mott Haven. Acentos was a great mix once more as a steady crowd streamed into The Blue Ox Bar. Some regulars and new audience members took up every chair in the house. The open mic was a strong mix of wonderful Acentos vets with two new voices shining in the 3- 5 minute spotlight. Lila ( Curator and strong arm of Poetry Hill ) read on the mic. Others to take the plunge were Rich Villar, Nashid Chance, Mabel ( A.K.A Loca ), Acentos regular and seasoned spoken word veteran Holmes McHenry and our very own Superintendent on premises, Ultimate Boricua Henry Valentin. All the reads were strong and were much appreciated by the crowd and Acentos alike. Our Feature for the evening was the epitome of a Bronx born poet. Steven " Bonafide " Rojas gave us a mental road trip through his growing up latino. His poem dedicated to his dad, his students, to his heritage and upbringing had the Blue Ox attentive and entranced. A great feature with a knack of story telling and kind barbs to his mother and sister that were indiscreetly seated in the audience gave for a great evening. A new format experimented for the first time at Acentos was a Question and answer session curated by Oscar. The questions asked ranged from an ardent reading of poetry to furthering your knowledge of the craft. A personal insight to the accomplishments and life of Bonafide gave everyone in Blue Ox bar an extreme sense of family and commonality. Our mission statement was brought to life!!!!!!! All together, great night, great feature. June 24th, 2003. Join us for the next Acentos spotlight shining of " Toro ". A new Jersey based poet that gave us a taste on the Acentos Open mic and we had to ask him to come give us more. Take care Fish

 Awesome feature and destruction on the head to head So, if your little feet ddin't take you to Bar 13 yesterday, you missed out on one of the best Monday's in a long time. I will tell you about the feature first: Yesterday, Cheryl Boyce Taylor was our feature at Bar 13. This lady has no words to describe her. She has been there 85% of the time when we needed encouraging words about our poetry. She is a friend, teacher, Mother, poet, Writer, and posseses a heart that will make platinum blush. Her words are deep and powerful but paintbrushed with a soft outside to enter our minds gently. She has a talent and honed skill that undoubtedly makes her special. She was nervous with no need to be as to everyone was focused on her and every word she had to say. I had to sacrifice about ten minutes of her feature to make sure that we could convey our appreciation of her in the form of a dozen roses and one sunflower. The roses that were blooming were significant of what LouderARTS is. The sunflower reperesented what cheryl is to us. I know it was kinds sappy but I am man enough to say that she is special and has touched many people. I am not only happy that I know her, I am honored to have her as a friend. The open mic was once again an array of interest. We had our LouderEDGE format and several poets were up there putting it all out. I had to give my opinion ( it is only that ) to Amanda ( I am not even going to spell her last name because it would be a total travesty if I fucked it up ). She had a great poem about to lesbians in NYC and many images of what they had to go through. The payoff at the ending was very sweet. She brought it home very nicely and there wasn't much critique I could have given her.I just suggested giving the Piece more personality. Maybe adding two names to the two people. Yet, after hearing the piece, it would take away from the payoff. I had to also critique Youlanda on her piece. Once again, her piece was too short and her metaphor left me hanging. She needs to explore deeper into her writing and pull out much more vivid images to make her poem pay off. Off the tope of my head, Rich ( In which is getting a good spot in my heart), Chance ( Hardest working man in Poetry ), that is all I remember??? Damn, I need to start smoking weed to remember shit. After our open mic, wow, our head to head slam bout between Tai Freedom Ford -vs- Celena Glenn. 5 rounds of Poetry between two serious heavyweights. My loyalties are with Bar 13 but damn, Celena is off the hook. Yet, rooting for Tai I went. First round was the coke classic round in which they said there classic poem Second round was the Goddess of My desire round in which a poem by their favorite poet was read Third round was If Bob Marley was a lesbian round in which I have no fucking clue what is was suppose to be Fourth round was the Improv round in which words from the audience were used in an improve poem Fifth round was the anything goes round in which anything goes. Let me go over the highlights that makes it interesting. Tai killed it in the first round with her coke classic Poem. IF I was worth something, I would know the name of that poem. So, as of now, I am a piece of shit. Now, Celena took Homeland ( credit Marty ) and she spun that sucker into her own rendition. It was funnet but that poem needs energy and bringing to a low overtone might have killed her. Then again, I don't know shit. IF the Bob Marley was a lesbian round lost me as soon as they mentioned it, so, no need to write about that. Let me run straight into the anything goes round. Tai went up there and kept it to Poetry in didn't make it into a debacle. Now, her is where I will insert my opinion ( insert Fish Opinion here ) Celena went up there with a whole bunch of people ( Shawn Randall, plus 3 ). This is where I thought that the poetry lost it's edge. Celena got some serious freestyling skills. I heard her and I was looped. Then, her Partner Shawn throws up the mic and spits some lyrics and it just couldn't compare. I have always defended that dude when it came down to his poetry freestyling, now, after hearing him on par with Celena, I don't know.He decided to throw a barb at the 13 crew about nationals. Unfortunately, we have much more to worry about then some inconsequential jolts of nonsense. I am a believer in karma and even addressing it is much more then a waste of my time. Barbs and disses don't count. Let's talk after nationals. So, behold this news....... Tai Freeedom Ford............. 4 Rounds Celena Glenn..................... 1Round Tai Freedom Ford is June 9th Head to Head Champ!!!! So, let me see....... Taylor -vs- Roger Roger wins ( Bar 13 ) Cristin - vs - Marty Marty Wins ( Bar 13 ) Shappy -vs - Guy Shappy wins ( Urbana ) Tai -vs- Celena Tai ( Bar 13 ) I won't even tally up the scores. Headed to the oval and ate the best cheesburger on this side of the fucking planet. I was so hungry that I wanted to lick the plate. So, kiss the mini moolie Peace Fish >)))">

 HOLA!!!!!!!!! So, I was about three seconds to getting a heart attack last night. I have gotten so used to my phone never ringing that when it does ring ( after 1 am ) it almost fucking killed me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am watching TV and watching some house show doing a thing on electricity, I was all into it, then the phone rings and I jumped like a piece of hot coal was shoved in my ass. How are the masses today??? I hope that everyone had a great weekend. Mines was good. Yesterday out of all days, I wanted to come downtown and do some work ( poetry ) in my job. I have this book for the fellas. It is a book specifically penned for prisoners that want to write. So, I am making about 30 copies and handing it out to them. I would have did it yesterday but, 2.5 million Puerto Ricans converged on 5th avenue to celebratetheir heritage, culture, traditions. I used to go to these parades religiously but after being corraled like cattle by the NYPD, I chose to stop going. Plus, My days of going and looking at all these women half naked just doesn't do it for me. I used to go with the intention of getting as many numbers as possible. THen, that went out the window. Then, we used to go to have a good time but we always wound up fighting. So, no more parades for e until I hit the ripe old age of 40. After that, I will go early with a chair, my bottle of pepsi, and my PLAIN FLAG with no silkscreened bullshit, and I will will enjoy the festivities. So, I will say this ........ Hasta Pasta..... Peace, Love Que Se Joda!!!!!!!!!! Fish >)))">

 She sings She was 21 with fair olive tone skin Her eyes were wide and her hair flaccid peppered with miss clairol highlights She was of Puerto Rican Descent to a mother that worked in a factory, a father that was a security guard and a bagel maker She was the first to finish high school and seem destined to become great. She sings of success She attends community college and scrapes by with minumal financial aid Her friends talk of parties, young men, and the far too often cheap sexual tryst that made most young women sluts. Her mind wanders and her work in school shows it with the far more common c and d and a gpa that barely broke 2. Her best friend would convince her to attend a neighborhood party She sings of something new Deadlines for papers come and it doesnt matter, she is no where to be found. Her attendance poor and her attention span worse Academic probation, warnings, and finally she was convinced to leave school She sings rebellion She parties and swallows demons, becoming free of life, she sings the liquor She smokes her songs of rebellion. She drinks her melodies of utopia She sings her pain of becoming the victim of three ways, lurid pictures, and the occasional STD. Time stops when she rest her head on her pillow while nursing her bruises, split lips, and loosened teeth She sings her sadness Blinding chants building on her songs, she loses herself. She loses her songs of success. Her songs of darkness and dismay more apparent in her teetering between failure and her yearning song of redemption. She sings and cries, she sings her anger at herself She sings failure She sings her addiction She sings her late night tricks Strumming her keys of desperation, she reconciles her stringent song She finds her rhythm in righteousness A lullaby of praise She sings a long road to travel back If you got this far, you will now know that the previous poem is what I call a super first draft. I will make some edits and remind myself of my Five edit and revise rule. Leave some feedback in the guestbook. I should read this one in about 5 weeks. LOL Peace

 My motherfuckin niggas What's up people's. I hope that you are all doing well. I am back at the blogger thing and I have seen tis thing grow into something integral amongst my peers, friends, confidants, and even lovers. I have opened my doors of emotions and have received e-mails that have rejuvenated me. They have taken my life apart and put it back together better then it was before. Is it right that 85% of the times that I write on here that i have to open up??? If it proves that people that care will write me and open up themselves and in turn we help each other, so be it. I, myself am surrounded by great people that I am starting to love very dearly. The taking time out to write me a letter about the organization of Oscar's Birthday shindig and the love they felt. The Thank you's about the Rikers Showcase. This makes the world turn for me. Thank you guys Ok, yesterday was Rikers and the showcase that I organized for the fellas ( inmates ). Ginna, Lynne, Oscar, Edward, Bonafide, Helen, and myself headed to the Isalnd with poems in tow to read. Ray was there but do to my momentary lapse of stooooopidity, I left Ray mond behind. I truly have to make it up to him. This mainly because he didn't seem quite upset and didn't blow a fuse when I spoke to him. I will make it up with a dinner or something. Roger was supposed to be there also but the trini was sleeping. I will let him slide becuase when a brother hussles as hard as he does, I can't blame the cat for getting a couple of z's. We made our way onto he Island with minamal hassle and the fellas were all there ready , willing, and attentive. Anyway, we got to the class and starting the read was one of the fellas with a poem about NY. It was good to hear them read. Lynne started her read and she did great as always, Ginna seemed rather tired and she gave it her all. Oscar went up introduced then to Oscar the Poet. Helen read a poem that touched the fellas in more ways then one. The emotion that she gave off made the guys aware of the power of the word. Ed Garcia went up and introduced the fellas to some poetry that had seckles of Humor. Bonafide killed it as he best knows how. I dropped most of the poets after we got off the island and made my way to my house. It is 4:30 and I haven't touched my bed. I wrote the whole night. I wrote my own perosnal mission statement and I am happy as fuck with how my life is going. The showcase had me thinking of so much more of what we can do as an organization to the less fortunate. Acentos brings poetry to the Bronx. Louder brings new emerging voices. What are we going to do personally? This Freshstart Program is loving Louder and we are cemeting a solid relationship. This will do nothing but give us more resources in spreading poetry and writing. In my search in becoming a better writer, I also want to engage the far less talented and make them realize that a Pen and Paper can change a life. I have always said that Poetry has changed my life. I am realizing something very slowly. Poetry is a small part of something much bigger that I am becoming a part of. Writing!!!!!!!!!! Writing is giving me breathe. Writing is pumping the blood through my veins. Writing is the foundation of everything I am standing for. One day, I am going to write everything that I know. From day one until the day I die, I am going to write everything. Let's see what happens then. Today was the second open house at the Bronx Academy of Letters ( High School for Creative Writing ). I made my presence known and had a good candid conversation with the Principal, Joan Sullivan. I blatantly told her, to just let me know where she would want the LouderARTS project to fit in Her curriculum. She was very adament that she definitely wanted to work with us. So with that said, I think our finger is embedded ( Like those reporters in Iraq ) quite well. Understandby so, I can't teach for the Board of ed because of my record. I shed enough tears because of that. My mistake in 1998 is costing my progress in 2003. I still won't let that stop me. I have some teaching things that are coming up and I am totally excited. I might actually have something going on in the Bedford Hill Correctional Facility ( jail for women ) to teach some poetry and writing. I took Marty's workshop today and I was very happy with the outcome. I learned some things and that is always good. We did a great exercise about what we want, can have, can't have. I noticed that I am not too much into the material things. I just need the good ol happiness, love, and cherishment. Thanks to all the guys that have gone to rikers and showed the fellas love. I appreciate so much the time you took out. I know it is hard. THANK YOU a million times over. Let me run. I need some sleep Good Night :) Oh.... I have to shout out my new Cuban connection. I didn't write you back because I rather write quality and something worthy of a read. I appreciate the e-mail. You are a good dude, with a heart to match. I am glad you have made your way to our little world. Have fun in the work shop. Fish >)))">

 the matters of loss and pain Good morning, I took a day off from the job today. I needed to stay away from the nonsense in my job. It is not that bad but this has been a hard week and just trekking into Manhattan was hard. Next week Monday will be a new day and I am just going to do my thing. I got my hours worth of sleep and I feel ok today. Of course life could be better. Here are some thoughts for the masses............. Have you ever felt that you knew for a fact that you were in love ? You had that one person i your life that you knew was the perfect person for you and for some insane reason, your heart was broken. Does your heart heel?? Do you live life as a lesson learned ? I have no freakin clue as to what life has in store for me and that sometimes brings me to this serious depressing mode!!! I wish I could just wake up and say, " I know what I am going to do " and keep walking in that direction. This is the negative side of letting things fall in your lap and not going after something. I get scared pretty easy when it comes down to my emotions and sometimes I wonder why the heart is so fragile. I know it is like stained glass when it comes down to family, relationships, and tight freinds. Other then that, I am a fuckin rock to society. I remember when I was younger, nothing phased me. I didn't have a care in the world. No worries about work. No financial worries. No relationship to nurture. Nothing. Then life hit. Oh shit. Life hit with a ton of bricks. Fell in love, bitch broke my heart. rebounded with the next chic and thought I was in love. Moved out with her and spent about 10 g's on my first apartment and she tried to take everything. Moved out to my own apartment and in NYC, alone and paying bills if hard as fuck!!!! Been through some shit ( ie. Locked up, doing constant dirt to get out of financial dire straits, hated everything, lost friends, ). This has made me a skeptic. This has made me me into a wall that will take years to crack. It is hard for me just to be me. I am a good dude. I am loyal to my friends. I am good to my family. I am loving. Still, It is all just me Ok. I am going to Rikers today with a showcase of awesome poets to put a show on for the students. Today trekking to rikers will be........... Oscar Bermeo Fish Raymond Daniel Medina Lynne Procope Roger Bonair Agard GinnaKarla Nicolas Steven Bonafide Rojas Helen Yum Edward Garcia This are the highest caliber of Poets in maybe all of NYC. They will read for the students and I hope will get at least one student to write after his release. This program has meant the world to me because I feel like I am giving back. So much to do but such little time to do it in with this guys. Well, I be off. Peace urlLink LouderARTS Project

 when plans come together, life is grand 2 am and I have no intentions on sleeping. This is was happens when you feel good and you are afraid of going to sleep. Yea, I haven't been sleeping that much because of this one recurring dream that is really fuckin with me. Not the point...... Just got back from Oscar's Birthday shindig in Brooklyn. Talk about a nice turn out. I wish I had all them bastards at every Acentos. I would be one happy camper. I walked in with Oscar at 8:35pm and 90% of the people that I hae invited were there. Oscar wasn't really that suprised cause he knew that we were headed to the Ceviche spot. I still don't think that he knew the scope of the people that were going to be there. Shit, I even invited Taylor Mali and he showed with Dawn Saylor. That is fucking cool. So....... Guy, Salome, with two kids in tow........ Eric Cheryl Boyce taylor ( Thank you for more then just showing up ) Youlanda Jayme Lynne Roger Marty Elana Edward Jeannie Ginna Mara Bonafide Seve or Steve or whatever name I could call him Maria Rich Villar Jay Keith Miguel Mary My Motherfuckin nigga E dawG!!! Helen Yum Raymond Diane I am not much of a public speaker but I made my small speech for Oscar. Ray read a small poem dedicated to Oscar and it was nice. Ginna tapped into her comedic well and read something cute for Oscar. We wished him a happy Birthday and everything went really nice. We took out this cake that Maria ( The chef ) baked and it was hands down incredible. She wrote a couple of poems on top of the cake with a fountain pen and an inkwell. The cake was perfect for a poet. Most of us to almost all of us had the Shrimp ceviche and we all joked and laughed. I hope that the OMX was happy and he deserves this. Even though we all have our differences and issues, we all tend to love one another unconditonally. A couple of people didn't show up and I don't really mind. To think of the positive, we just had a good time. I just wish that someone was there to enjoy the food. :( Time to run.......... I have a new piece that was born today and I have to work at it. Peace

 Ok, Now I know I have no life You wish you were Regie Gibson!!!! Dude, You will never even come close stuff. All you can do is watch Loves jones and write in your blog about it LOSER!!!!!! I really mean that You read Poetry and think you are good but you SUCK!!!!! The closest to a slam win you will come is when you hug the guy that beat you!!!! Oh MY GOD ........ YOU FUCKIN SUCK!!!!! urlLink Which Slam Poet Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Why did I even do this stupidness? Thug Bear urlLink Which Dysfunctional Care Bear Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Moving again Sometimes I wonder when I am going to have an office that I would stay for the rest of my days here. Once again, I am moving. I was actually liking it up here. No one would bother me and I spend most of my days out of sight. The more moves and changes I go through in this job, the more I resent every bit of this place. Don't get me wrong, I love this job. Yet, these motherfuckers change shit cuase there is nothing to do and they want to make it seem as if there IS something to do. I am back at my job today and Not many people knew, I was home yesterday. I would blame it on the French food I had the night before but I doubt it. I am going to chalk it up to stress and more stress. Why am I stressed??? Well, it is officially over between my significant other and I. This is the funny part. We got along great, we helped each other, she supported me and I the same for her. The sex was great. Nothing was done to warrant a break up such as she played me or I played her. No third party affiliations caused the end. What caused the end?? I would say something life altering. I would say something so mind blowing that I couldn't be with her. I know that a mix of things is in my head and I could put my finger on some of them............ Fear emotional instability This ardent yearning for a solitary existence ( I wanted to be alone ) Seeing someone falling in love with you when you know you can't give that back The only things I could say over and over again is that I am sorry and I feel so much pain. You know when you let something go, you think it is for the better. I hope that in doing that, it is for the better of everything i our lives. Funny thing, I couldn't even bring myself to grips to say " It's over ". I feel that it will never be over. I feel that we will always be a part of each other. As lovers, friends, confidants, we have made that integral connection that comes under stringent emotional bonding. She is probably going to read this and maybe cry. She will probably get to writing a letter and zip it over in an e-mail. I just know that sooner or later, everything will be ok. Right now, shit is just fucked up. I am going out with napoleon tonight ( Non-poetry ). After that, home to sleep and NOT write. Ok. I debuted a new piece yesterday that most likely I will read at Bar 13 Monday. I haven't read there for a very long time. I blame Guy, he kept me off the Mic. It is all his fault. It is easy to blame him now. He left the collective so it is easy to blame the nigga that left. These are the things I am blaming Guy on: There is Peace is the middle east coming ......... Blame Guy Hot 97 summer jam was a sucess....... Blame Guy I got sick and stood home moping....Blame Guy Hilary wrote a book about her husband's betrayal......Blame Guy Racheal and Joey are getting kinky on Friends...... Blame Guy Guy is reading this blogger cause he has nothing to do at work......... Blame Guy Ok, enough pandering to you blogger readers. I am doing well and I have several things going on in the next few days. I will get back to my thing and I catch up with ya. Peace, Love,

 miss her tooo much

 Home on the range My peasants!!! I hope when you focus those liquid filled circular objects in your face to my blooger, you are in the very best of health. So, I am going on two days without sleep. Time is at a stand still and with this, pain seems constant. Last night was a cool night, we hooked up to go see ' Democrazzy". It was a collaborative play between poets, musicians, dancers, singers. Roger and Lynne were a part of it and it blew my mind. This was the first time that I have ever seen anything like this and seeing two of my peers in that setting. It was an experience and I am glad I went. Short Blog today. Too much on my mind. Peace

 I'm sorry

 Someone actually threatened to knock my teeth out Yes, you have read that right, someone actually told me, fish, that they will knock my teeth out. Yesterday was my day to change the batteries in the panic doors on all fire exits in my company. This is a responsibility of the....." Fire Safety Director ". I actually don't think that these people know that if a fire breaks out, I would call them from the safety and confines of the street. LOL. Anyway, I was changing these batteries and I saw this lady several floors down catching some puffs from a cancer stick. So, I jokingly told her that smoking in the building was not allowed. Her opening the emergency exit door would compromise the safety of my employees. She proceeded to ask me who I was and why I was in her business. She then told me to shut the fuck up before she comes up and knocks my teeth out. Funny is when I yelled down and told her what floor I was on and to come and do me the favor of giving me free dentistry. I was already slightly pissed and just chalked it up to a stupid bitch that I wouldn't see ever again. About three seconds later, this trashy bitch walk onto my floor and say who the hell are you!!?? I was like, oh, you promised to knock my teeth out, do me the favor!! Got up from my knees and walked out of the darkness and she for some reason got really quiet. She got her bearings back and tried to intimidate me by saying, I am getting fired for talking to her is this grievous manner. This bitch is nobody in this building and she thinks she is getting me fired. I have been here 14 going on 15 years. I hob knob with the creme de la creme of this building and this trashy cancer filled heathen thinks she could threaten me. I followed he to the elevator and sure enough, he boss is Susan Cuccinello that I have know for a full 15 years in this building. When her boss came out and hugged me, I said " We have to talk about one of you extremely rude, arrogant, and unprofessional employees. I could have ripped that bitch a new asshole. I chose not too. I just told Susan that the lady had a slight attitude and needed it to be checked. Sure enough, I left her office and walked passed the lady and I stopped at her desk and leaned over, " Enjoy unemployment ". She was not happy. I don't want anyone to lose their job, times is tough right now.I could have been on mean motherfucker, yet, I was nice. So, I have done two good deeds in the span of 1 week. Today is OMX birthday. Email that little nigga and tell him Happy Birthday!! CAll his ass, Shout his old ass out....!!!!!!!!!!! Peace Regardless of what you read here. It is a very hard day for me. I am ok thought. I am good at hiding things out and I don't want that one person that means alot to me thinking that my life is going on as if nothing has changed. Life is hard sometimes.

 THis is what it is all about!!!!!!!!!! ********** This is the e-mail that I received from a fellow artist. I have asked her permission to share this e-mail and she agreed. Understand that things like this is what makes life very nice. Hey Fish, Whats Up? So today, I have been surfing through poet's journals, (as I just started putting together my own on my site), and I came across yours and your latest entry. I felt really passionate about it, so I wanted to send you a note. I really loved the way you expressed yourself and I hope you don't mind me sharing some of my thoughts on the subject with you. I have spent a lot of time this past month or two thinking about the concept of peer criticism in the poetry "scene", and how to deal with it. I am from the camp as you mentioned that we all have the right to critique anything, but also believe how we deal with our critiques is also very important. I would much rather someone come to my face, and give me constructive criticism, then trash me behind my back. But this rarely happens. Criticism is difficult. For everyone, but I think some people hide it better than others. I am the first to admit that I'm real sensitive about my work, and any criticism I have had has been a difficult pill to swallow, but I am working on getting better at receiving it, and it has made me a stronger person. I have had to accept not everyone has to like my work, or relate to it. BUT rarely has the criticism sent my way, been presented in an honest constructive artist to artist communication, and I feel that is unfortunate. That is not to say I would agree with everything someone says, because as artists I believe we have the right to filter the criticism we get, because it is not always free of bias. Sometimes if people come into a situation wanting to not like someone, it is so very easy to find lots of faults in them and to pick them to shreds. but again I would rather someone be upfront with me, or as you mentioned just keep the thoughts to themselves. In my book, Thats ok as well. We don't all have to be vocal critics. BUT, I also take responsibility for occasionally falling into this kind of behavior, and loved your "open call" statement. Falling into the bandwagon and putting peoples work down in a non-constructive way, can be a very contagious attitude. I am really, really trying to stay away from this kind of behavior and your statement " we are better than nobody as people" really struck home. On that note, I also add that I think sometimes people will not like the Person because of their poetry and though as poets we speak from our personal thoughts and ideas, someone can be not a great poet but a great person. I had a recent situation where I sat down to read some poetry of a poet that I know does not care much for my work. The instinctive attitude I felt myself having while reading it was that I was trying to find something I didn't like about it because on a real basic human level I was hurt that this person didn't like me, or my work! But what happened was I LOVED ALL HIS POETRY. Really loved it, and respected it so much, and then I felt more sad, because I thought, wow, this person maybe could have been a great person to talk to about my work with, but instead it never played itself out like that. In any case I also think the concept of SLAM probably contributes to some of this, because well competition can bring out so many things in people. I for one, am kinda happy my slam year has come to a close. I feel like its really time to get back to the lab to write, and slam demands a certain attitude that I'm just kinda exhausted with right now. I had to laugh about your section about people with their "slam strategy science" . I also have heard EVERY strategy under the sun, and, you are right that it is so unpredictable! I've done the same everything on different nights and had totally different results. I actually I think it is THAT stuff that that I'm exhausted with more than the performing of the pieces in a slam. I'm soooooooo not a strategy girl. LOL! It gets me all frenzied and twisted in my head. I just wanna get up on the stage and do my thing, but it always seems more complicated, and i beat myself up about it after. Anyway, I feel kinda crazy sharing all this with you, cause, well I know we've never really spoken much, and of course there is a part of me that must accept, you might not like me or my poetry, and after all this (LOL) that might put you in a position to have to be real honest with me or not answer me at all! but seriously whatever you think of me or my work, it's cool, cause well, like I said this is just part of my journey to accept everything for what it is, and I'm really happy to have stumbled upon your thoughts today. It definitely had an impact on me. From one artist to another, I really respect what you had to say, and how you said it. Peace- ******** This is something that makes me smile. Peace......... Fish

 BBQ and overkill oH MAN, I just got to the household and I wanted to write this incredible email on the great time that I had today at my boys BBQ. Then, I opened this e-mail that had to be the best e-mail from any poet that I have ever gotten. I got the e-mail in response to my last blog entry and it threw me for a loop. I will see if with the permission of said sender, I could share it. Until then, hear about my day. So, I headed to Mike's house for his Birthday celebration today in Ossinning, NY. I need to tell you first thing about what was placed in my stomach. shishkabobs............ 5 ribs..........................4 burgers.....................2 cookies ( homemade)....at least ten. chocolate mint girl scout cookies salad 1 plate of rice 10 homade girl scout cookies 7 bootleg cola sodas salad coffee I would write about the batroom experience but more people then I realized read this blog. UHhhhhhhhhhhhh........ Fuck that. I Blew that bathroom to pieces. :) I had a great time at Mike's house and I would not mind going up there again. It is a great place to get away and the neighborhood is quite. He got the BBQ and I think I am taking my Hammock up there. Alot of people were there and it was very nice and they treated us well. I was happy. Food was being thrown at the token fat Puerto Rican guy. I had no qualms eating it. Tom was his usual self and I forgot how beash he is with some of his comments, still, Tom is tom and I pretty much accepted it. Ok, I would write in more detail but I have the previous e-mail I forementioned to reply too. Take care Peace Love Watch Spice Clips on the hot network, it is off the hook

 Profound conversations and the Nuyo I finally got my time to write the masses. I have soooo much to write but I will keep it to what I feel is most important. I won't divulge what I feel should be kept business oriented between the people that run the business. Ok....... Friday was the last Nuyo Run off Slam. The participants were Rob Neil ( In which I was rooting for ), Hostage, Anacaona, Mister E, Vanessa ( the Hebrew Mamita ) Hiderig. If I killed the spelling on any of those names, don't be offended. The slam was prety strong and I have seen all the poets do their work before. I knew that if hostage killed them early he would take the slam, sure enough, I was right. He took the crowd to what " ignorant masses" want to hear. He dropped this poem in which some people thought was not a good poem. Yet, he got a perfect 30. Some of the poets dropped some really good pieces but they didn't bare so well. This is the part where I say that slams are unpredictable. I have heard different takes on the slam scene from many different poets. Not one has convinced me of " their " science " to winning a slam. I have heard people talk strategy and they didn't win. I have heard people just go with the flow and drop a 9 minute poem and get a 30. Slams are just like football, baseball, and everything else competitive. You never can really know for sure how to win it. There is strategy but which one to use??? So, I am glad that I haven't been all about slams when it comes down to this scene. I have only slammed 4 times. 2 times at Bar 13. 1 time at Bucknell University. 1 time at BCC. I were in them and I wasn't ready and I did very well considering. I am getting ready now to just do my thing. In the BCC slam, out of 35 poets, I made the top 5. I stepped down because I wasn't happy with the judging system and I found it very unfair. So I decided to leave. It was a $500 dollar top prize, $300 dollar second spot, $250 dollar third spot. Money doesn't make a poet, winning doesn't make a poet. A writer that dedicates his time to create awesome work that will touch the majority of society is what makes a good writer. This brings me to another point. As of this moment, I am in no way nor how interested in submitting any of my work for publishing, grants, lit mags, newspapers, contests, or anythng for that matter. I don't feel comfortable with people reading my work as of yet. The reason why it took me soo long to share my words was because that is all I had, now, I share them on the mic and on paper with a very selective few. In time, my work will beg " me " to be published, until then, I am in a very safe place with my writing and it will stay there until otherwise. Well, as a poet that is better then the average writer( first timer I guess ). I have cuaght myself on occasion saying things about other poets that is not constructive, productive, nor optimistic. I tend not to like it when other poets convey their opinion as if it was law and the poem they just heard was not " up to par " with the expantancy of the better poet. It is something that I have heard, seen, and even taking part in. I am part of a certain society that has the ardent responsiblity of bringing and giving new voices an opportunity to better themselves and finding themselves as writers. Why should I shoot anybody down if their poem sucked?? So, in order to change anybody else, I wil have to change my self in order to bring change. Up next is an open call.......... " If I am with you, and I hear an open mic'er/ poet recite a very bad piece, call me out if I make a remark that puts down that poet. Also, I ask anyone that is with me, I no longer would like to hear condescending remarks about a poet that is not that good. Instead of shouting them out, think of how to make them better. Of course, there are poets that are not that good and we don't like them as a person, well, no comments will be my norm " We are better then nobody as people. Some people don't like others for a variety of reasons. What brings me to this is the hypocrisy that i have personally seen amongst some of my piers. I do not understand how people can talk about them and then smile when they are in the same room. I for one do not like you, I will not associate myself with you. Hypocrites are the worst forms of life in this world. Hypocrites are snitches and rats in my neighborhood and they tend to get shot, killed and smacked. I tend to shy away from people like that. Society is not a perfect science . Friendships, relationships, work, and everything else involved socially will have good parts and it's bad parts. We have the right to critique anything, but we also have the right to defend anything we feel is worth defending. Things will be simply put, not everything will make everyone happy. Things will always leaning towards a direction that will make one person unhappy. On the parallel, it is leaning in the same direction that is making another extremely happy. I am a writer and I will ever be anything else but a writer. Under the umbrella of writer comes a great person, funny, sexually frustrated. Take care, Peace, Love,

 Culture and bandit That is the dynamic duo of Rich and Fish. Before you ask, I am the bandit. If you are asking where that came from, it came from seeing Vanessa Hiderig one woman show called " Culture Bandit ". Oh wow, this was a treat and great opportunity. The invitation was given and I accepted. It was also free!!!!! Zippo fee!!!! Nada en dinero!!!!! As a poet, I am Mr Broke. I got there a little bit late but I only missed the first five minutes of the show. Well, Ms Vanessa hidery has shown me something today that I can't really deny. She showed a very personal side in her show that finished a puzzle for me to fully understand her. She literally grabbed me by the hand and took me from 1984 through her current life. She delved into Hip hop, R&B, neighborhood friends, and many instances of the great borough of the Boogie getting mentioned. Her personal battle of being jewish in her upbringing, in a barrio peppered with almost everything besides jewish brethren, has really made her solid. Her references to her friends and nuances that she has gone through, were nostalgic and heart tugging. She had so much in her show that I could relate to, it made it perfect for my enjoyment. When she started doing the " wop ", I thought I was going to die. When she started busting out all the " Hip hop house " dances, she took me back to " 1018 " when all the thugs played the walls and looked " hard ". The best enjoyable moment for me...... ( forgive me V ) but when she said her ass wasn't fat, it was healthy. Damn girl, You need to STOP THAT!!!!!!!!!! The show was awesome and I would recommend for anyone to go see it at the first opportunity. I didn't take detailed notes but I left there very happy with what I saw. After the show, we schmoozed with Ricky Cabico and some people from Def Jam. Who knows what connects were made. Ok Let me bounce peace

 I have been inspired....... I tend to just enter one long blog entry per day and today I know many people were wondering what happened. I wasn't going to write anything but I just got some great material. I was reading Guy's Blog today ( excellent entry by the way ) and I got this slight itch on my foot. So, my legs are crossed and I take off my sneaker. I proceed to scratch and this god aweful retched odor filled my nasal cavities. I am thinking, ok, what was that ??? Then, after my brain use some of the very few intelligient braincells that it has left, I am shocked that my feet smell like old ass!!!!! I usually wear boots and my feet never smell. I have been wearing these sneakers and I can't tell you the smell that is coming from my feet. Funny thing is, I took off my sneakers and put it to my nose and took a whiff. I thought I was going to die!!!!!!!!! Why do my feet smell like geriatric bowel movements??? Why does the inside of my sneaker resemble a morgue with no freon in the air conditioning???? Yo, seriously, I am not joking, my feet smell like ass!!! Oh God, I need to get my boots!!!!!!! ( holding nose, typing with one hand ) take care while I die from this stench!!!!! Help Fish

 THe straw that broke the Fish's back I wrote a huge post but, I couldn't bring myself to post it, it still has a purpose.

 YOu gotta love the older Mrs Fish My moms is off the hook. I come home in the worst fuckin mood in such a long time and there stands my mom with a Modells bag. 6 brand new t-shirts to take to Nats with me. My mother doesn't care that I am busting my ass writing poetry, but she does care that I look decent on stage. YOu have to love the Maternal parental unit. Well, on that note, I am feeing better and change will come. I just have to think long and hard about what I have to do and put the changes into effect. I am not 17 anymore, I have no patience. Fish

 Balled my fists, took a glance, walked away. I have no patience anymore

 My mornings suck....... I wonder why in the hell do things happen to me. I wake up and I get out of bed and I am careful because I am convinced that a " Final Destination " type of entity is yearning to just destroy my day. I pick up the tube of toothpaste this morning and I squeeze some onto the tootbrush and the last little bristle ( is that even a word ) flicks some tootpaste into my eye. OH MAN!!!!! Now I know what I need to torture Lenny into giving me some, I just have to tie her up and put toothpaste into her eye. The burning sensation will have even the toughest of the tough screaming like a baby. So, yesterday was a good day. I got a letter from the Osborne association thanking the LouderARTS project for all the hard work that Oscar and I did for the FreshStart Program. Most likely, I will attach it at the bottom of this page. Feels good to have someone be thankful for the hardwork that you do. Makes life feel really good. Nationals is getting really close and I am getting antsy. It is going to be a ball out there. We are going to have fun and get the whole experience and soak it like a sponge. Today I am going to sneak out of here and go to an interview for " Mind Builders ". It is an organization for youth to research culture and folk lore. My name came up and I was contacted for a showcase on August 16. It should be fun with all the little kids interviewing me and asking me questions. So, 12:30pm and I will formally play bellvue at my job and ask to leave. LOL. Gotta love the job. Let me run Peace, Love Take care Chuletas con papas Fish ***************Following is a letter from Osborne*************** Dear LouderARTS project, Words cannot begin to express the tremendous impact that the wonderful poets of the Louder Arts Project have had on the Fresh Start program and its participants. Our students have embraced writing and the creative process not only as a form of self-_expression but also as an alternative to self-defeating behaviors. Their enlightenment as a result of Sam and Oscars workshops has brought great excitement and wonderful new options into their lives. The students were able to let their guards down and allowed themselves to be vulnerable and even a bit sensitive. Many of our students discovered areas of themselves that they never knew existed and thought in ways that they never knew were possible. Sam and Oscar truly blessed our students with a gift that can never be taken away from them for as long as they live. As the saying goes, " if you give a hungry man a fish, he eats for one day but if you teach him to fish, he eats for a lifetime ". The students of the Fresh Start Program were given jewels that far outweigh any form of materialism. On behalf of the Osborne Association and the Fresh Start Program, we thank the Louder Arts Project for Sam and Oscar and hope to continue this relationships in the future. Sincerely, Marianna Shturman Program Director ************************ Life is Good *******************************

 Tuesday's are worthless days........ ........ except when we are hosting Acentos. What a great day yesterday. a Little bit louder was hands down raw dawg yesterday. I am not good with headcounts but I have to say we had to have had at least 200 people there last night. Standing room only and the day was hot. Last night was the third leg of the NYC regionals involving the three venues in NYC. Nuyo took it last night and they formally swept. Gotta give them credit for moving the crowd to give them " niggers " good scores. We headed to this little spot to munch out and I have to start a rumor. I think no one like the Acentos Crew. We are alone at acentos, we are alone at the restaurant. I think these people are actually not liking us. Well FUCK EVERYBODY!!!! We are just waiting to get banned from Bar 13. I am just joking, don't get the panties bunched up. The night was good and we had a great time with the open mic and the slam. Short Blog..... I have alot to do today Peace, Love, Fish p.s Last night my lenny refused to give me some, please e-mail her and give her the guilt trip. LOL

 one century is toooo long So, Bob hope has died less then two months after turning 100. Damn, I do not want to reach the age of 100. Let me get to about 80 with some pseudo health issues and I would welcome the grim reaper with open arms. Especially if the grim reaper is naked under that black garb they wear. Let the grim reaper look hot after a seafood meal and I would bend the reaper over and initiate my whole hearty loving that only Fish knows how to give. So, Mr Hope, Thank you for all the memories and I hope that you will have a great time in comedy heaven with , Frank Sinatra, Sammy DAvis Jr, Bing Crosby, Dean Martin, John Wayne, Abbott and Costello, Every one of the stooges, Lucille Ball, Desi Arnez and everyone else. So, should I be upset today from some nonsense that happened yesterday???? I was livid yesterday!!!!!!!! I was invited to go to a BBQ in Pa and I was incredibly happy to go. I wake up and get dressed. I grab this cooler that I got from my job ( I 'll explain later ) and I am walking to my car. I grab my cell phone to call my homegirl. The number was not there. I was fuckin pissed. I couldn't remember the number for the life of me. Seems that someone must have deleted the number the day before either by istake or on purpose. Regardless, I will never let anyone even touch my fuckin phone. Now, I had to deal with someone wondering why I haven't called to say wither I am not going or whatever the case might be. The excuse of " Someone deleted your number " is as cheesy as it can get. I had to wait for them to call me ( then probably beef and shit ) and then figiure out what I to do. I got the phone call and after festering for about 4 hours from the initial on-set of bullshit, I headed out to Pa ( poconos ) to be exact. Got out there and it was kinda cool, regardless of the ribbing that I got for getting there mad late. I still made the best of it and tried to have a good time. Coming home wasn't that bad since traffic was light and it pretty much went straight through. Interesting was going over there seeing a really bad accident. I read in the paper this morning that a rotten and dead tree limb fell on a car. It killed the driver and broke another girls neck. Gotta be careful these days. Coming back home was crazy because too many people were in afucking rush and they were driving like animals. Anyway, I had an ok time but I can't really get it out of my mind about that phone issue. I don't like when things like that happen. Anyway, I am here at the job and I will bid ya ado. Take care Fish

 Seafood and Penne Vodka with ChickeN!!!!!!!!!!! Oh man, you all know that I can not deny good food. Party, BBQ, Dinner, Sandwich, even a trip to White Castle will make a brotha chops quiver. I know when I was young, I wasn't a fan of seafood. Through the years the age grew with the experimenting of different foods. My first love is steak and seafood runs about a quarter length right behind it. The best seafood is a broiled lobster tail, you can't go wrong with that. Wait, add a steak to the side of that lobster tail and you are heaven bound. Funny thing about seafood is that mythologically, it is an aphrodisiac ( don't even ask me if I even tried to spell that word right ). Seafood ( especially oysters ) will have your hormones all out of wack. You could have been just chillin with no hint of sexual frusttrations at all. Once you throw some oysters in the body, even that local crackhead around the block collecting cans is looking kinda sexy. So, here is what I think....... Before oysters After Oysters Won't touch Joan rivers I will make her squeal like a mule Babara Walters In leather, she will get DONE Fat chic from the "facts of life " I would record it for prosperity Mrs Garret One word " Threesome " Leona Helmsley ANAL ALL THE WAY BABY!!!!! Shit, people better hope that I won't get oysters in my systerm and then get locked up with them before a sexual release. Man , woman or a child three days short of an 18th birthday will get sooooo sexually violated that it is not even remotely funny. Anyway, I am to battle traffic. Peace, Love, Take care Fishdawg Chuletas and rice baby!!!

 I did my best but my best wasn't good enough Oh man, urlLink The Last American Virgin had to be the movie that " American Pie was based on. I forgot how funny that moviw was. I saw it when I was young and was amazed by the gratuitous breast shots and sex scenes. I was 11 and saw these girls walking around in naked and I should have known that 10 years later, I would be a full fledged pervert. Anyway, did anyone notice on the top of the blogger that they have a link where to buy Puerto Rican Sovenirs( did I spell that right ?) I hope it is for everybody and not just by race. So , here I sit in my living room with laptop on lap. trying to collect the various thoughts swirling in my head. I have this one thought floating that wants to explode but it would become a rant. Toda, I am not all about ranting. Today, I give you the " Pseudo-intellectual " side. Last night was a good night. I was pretty happy with how everything turned out. I decided to go catch Mr Loudpoet himself " urlLink Guy LeCharles Gonzalez at the Pink Pony series at Cornelia last night. This was my first time there and I was expecting some serious intellectual poetry. I was expecting some Law professors reading some poetry filled with so many analogies, metaphors, that I would be blown away. Well, when you expect something, you get something different. Sure enough, it was different. I missed Guy's feature set but at least I was there to support. When I did get there, the open mic list had 29 people. THat is hands down crazy to have that many people. Then, 29 people getting to read two poems each, I have no clue how the fuck they pulled it off but they did. The series wasn't bad. It was just different. Best part was when Iwas laving and I saw a great little roll cart in a weird place. Uh, the garbage to be exact. I looked at it, it was in perfect condition, into my trunk it goes. It fits perfect for all my chapbooks and Cd's. Headed over to the Nuyo with Rich and Oscar. After a battle with the parking Gods, we had somewhat of a Success. Got to that infamous Nuyo and the line was one step above retarded. So, I got into Salesman mode and went down the line and got to sell two CD's on the line. Once inside, I set up a merch table to pimp myself as the whore that I am. Seeling Cd's is a fulltime job. You can't expect them to sell themselves. The Slam last night was better then the bowery. I guess that some of the Poetry was more seasoned material then the " new " stuff they had to read at the Bowery regionals. The Nuyorican team took it once again. They did well and I have to give them credit. The set of the night had to go to Celena Glenn with the back up of Shawn Randall and Post Midnight ( congrats on the radio gig brotha ). she did a set in honor of the females locked in Rikers. It was crazy and she garnered a high of 28.3. I was stoked to see her do that well. Shawn dropped a good set last night with " How a poem sounds in his head ". I will never hear the words " dot and dash " and consider them normal again. So, let me wrap this up. I bumped into someone last night and I do have to admit that everytime I speak to them, I leave with something new. That is a person that you have to always treasure. Even if it is a simple gesture of kind words, they always leave you with something. I am glad that I gained a good fuckin friend. It makes you wonder that in the places where you never thought of finding a friend, that you gain someone with the potential of being special Well, I am off to get a haircut today. I am even going to a party tonight and tomorrow a BBQ in Pennsylvania that I was invited to. Have a great weekend Peace, Love, Chuletas a la BBQ Fish

 Geriatric hanging out When you have a whole bunch of poets go to a bar to bid farewell to another poet that is going overseas and the DJ removes the dust from his record collection and you still remember lyrics from 15 years ago, you are geriatric. I am old and I am convinced that I fart dust. I am now headed to go buy some prune juice to mix with my metamucil. I am ordering some viagra just to make sure things keep working. So, last night was the night that Ms Bassey ( I used to use my last name) was at Guernica celebrating one last evening with friends. It was nice to hang out with her and put a smile on her face. She is probably one of the most emotional people that I know, and I know that us being there was a good boost for her in her next endeavor. I am sure that she will second guess herself all the way until the lights go on. Of course, I am 100% sure that bassey will definitely kick ass. She will give a great show and do as she knows how. Go rock out girl!!! Do your thing!! From everyone that was there ( Lynnes, Oscar, Isle, Syreeta ( NOT SABRINA ), Maria, Peter, Matthew, we got love for you!!!! So last night was the regionals at Bowery. The whole thing that Bowery threw in was that you had to read a new poem. I even read a new poem on the open mic and I feel good about it. I guess that the guys at the Nuyo felt it was appropiate to completely skirt that premise. So, the NUYO won and it made them the best!!!!! For about 3 minutes. After that, everything is back to normal. I got love for those Nuyo cats but they in some shit at Nats. They have a strong team and I look forward to see shit really get interesting in NATS. Matter a fact, I would love to see this......... Union Square in first Bowery Takes Second Nuyo brings the rear. I would say get the title of "best poets" and say that NEW YORK CITY has the BEST POETS IN THE UNITED STATES PERIOD!!!! That would be sweet, then again, also would be 60 million, 12 solid inches, and salma Hayek and Shakira and Lenny in a threesome. You can't have everything that would be sweet. Well, I am off, Peace, Love Take care Fish >)))">

 almost 2am........ .........and I turn on the Tv and I see SPOKEN WORD!!! Hosted by Harlym 125 I have no ide what show is this but it is Public Access. They just had Boogieman doing his thing. I am going to just see this and actually feel this is better then " Def Poetry Jam " Next up: Intafada X doing a poem about Freedom with a mask over his face. Interesting ahhhhhhhh.... Just found out it is in Jimmy's Uptown, I should have known. Next up: Pharah Gee........ He is fat and with a red jumpsuit. He just put on a retarded hat and completely destroyed my interest. Oh shit, he is singing te national Anthem, he is giving Marty Comp, let me go get my gun!!!! ah fuck it Peace

 Why is my blog like my Penis??? Because if it was ever cut off, I WOULD BE DEVASTATED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hola people, I am back and today's blog will be written by Fish's alter ego of " Sam " "Hello, My name is Samuel Vargas and I know all of you have encountered my other half known as " Fish " aka, FishDawg. How did he get a nickname from a nickname is beyond me. I know many of you have never heard of Sam but I will give you a quick synopsis of who Sam is. I was born in 1971 in NYC, The Bronx. Unlike Fish, I had a great upbringing with two parents that went out of their way to make sure that my life had everything. I was taught to always be polite and respectful to my elders. I tried to always make friends and maintain a proper lifestyle within my neighborhood. I would walk the other way in fights and avoided any and if all confrontations. You know I got beat up alot once they caught up to me. I went to school in NYC and in Texas, unfortunately, Texas was a rough experience for me, the rascism was very explicit and the last straw that my dad took was when we woke up to a swastika spray painted on our front porch. I was really angry but happy we were coming back to New York. When I moved back to NYC, I moved into a building where in the apartment we took used to live " old Man Fish " , this Guy Angel on my Block started calling me " the new fish " and I didn't like that alot. I cried alot when they used to call me The " new Fish ". I even started getting beat up and would go home crying almost everyday. This guy Chauncey was a real bully and he was the one that made me cry the most. This guy Freddy beat me up in the elevator the first day he saw me in the building. This guy papito punched me in the face when we were playing football. Ruben hit me with a bat, Puto hit me with numbchucks, Louie wanted to cut me. Everyone was really picking on me and it hurt me. "Uh Excuse Sam, Let me tell the rest of this story because you are truly acting like a bitch right now " " ok Fish " What's the deal people, you have to excuse Sam because he is still that little bitch nigga that used to get smacked on the regular basis. You want o know how I came to be?? Easy, all these mothefuckers picking on Sam and making his life a living hell. The one day that I took over during a fight with some kats and I beat this guy to the ground, that is when Sam started getting some respect. You see, it wasnt sam that fought, it was me, FISH!!! Fish was the one that fought and earned his respect. Fish was the one taking lumps for these drunkards. Fish was the one that would always be there for anyone of his boys when they needed him. Fish was the one that fought back against Chauncey, Puto, Ruben, Ray, Pito, John, Boobie, Randy, Jerry, Louie, Hector. These were all Sam's friend but Fish Fought them to get Sam some respect. You see this guys, Sam is the smart one with the ability to write. That motherfucker takes everything that I have done in life and puts it into that poetry and writing shit that he does. Well, I guess it's a good thing. I am kinda proud of him. Even though Sam is still a bitch. " Can I say something now Fish? " " nope" " Ok " Well, time for Fish to run..... Gotta make believe I am doing some things... Peace, Love Take care Chuletas Guisa!!!! >)))"> Shhhhhhhh.......... " hi again, this is Sam, don't let Fish scare you, he is really a nice guy. Just don't get on his bad side. Bye bye

 What do you call a cow with no legs???? GROUND BEEF!!!!!!! Thank you ladies and gentleman, I will be here all week. Oh man, good mood, good mood. I have missed you sooo much lately. It has been several days that my moods have been really bad and I tried something new in which have not " stayed away " from people. It is not as hard as I thought. Anyway, You know that I am going to talk quickly about Acentos Last night. I mean quickly in the sense that I will not waste any time. Acentos was honored last night to have the feature of Cheryl Boyce Taylor. This was easily ( To me ) the most personal and intimate Acentos to date. Cheryl means soo much to not just me but to the scene around her. She has done so much for poetry and to everyone in poetry that we have no room to say it all. Last night I was lucky enough to give her the Outro that she deserved. Where the words came from, I have no clue. I just spoke about the first things that came to me and it proved for a decent moment. Our resident in Chef Maria took it upon herself to bake a cake for Cheryl. This has no words to describe. Maria probably single handedly made this whole event extremely special. I have to personally just say " Thank you ". After my outro and I asked Maria to present the cake to Cheryl and I pulled out the plates, spoons, ice cream, and The HUGE PUERTO RICAN COOKING SPOON, this was the best show for me in my books. Personally, I went home and just slept and relished that we are doing a good thing. Oscar was great last night and I have to admit the " Acentos " has it's own personal style. We have cemented that in the eyes of many people that have come through. We have that comfy atmosphere that let's people be themselves. Proof is in the " ex-girlfriend chronicles" that Acentos os famous for. Also, First timers are treated as respectfully welcomed family members. I make sure that whoever is there for the first time knows that I appreciate them coming through. I was really happy with yesterday's show. I am glad that our usual core audience came through and they did there thing on the open mic. I have to even be THANKFULLLLLL FOR THE POETS THAT COME THROUGH but they don't read. Ed Garcia is the man on so many levels. He got me 30 Cde's and I have a goal to get rid of them before Nats. I know that is pushing it but we see what we can do. so, back in sales mode. urlLink 5 past 13 A little bit LOUDER: Poetry CD Volume 1 www.louderarts.com/cd You missed HBO Def Poetry Jam ?? You never made it to that Poetry Venue?? Here is your opportunity to hear the Poets whenever you want!!!!!! 5 Past 13 A live CD recording celebrating 5 years of poetry at 13 Bar Lounge. Features 22 tracks by Suheir Hammad ( Def Poetry on Broadway ), urlLink Patricia Smith ( SlamNation ), Bob Holman, Staceyann Chin ( HBO Def Poetry ), urlLink Cheryl Boyce Taylor (Author ), urlLink Willie Perdomo ( Author " where a nickel cost a dime ), urlLink Dawn Saylor , Emmanuel Xavier ( HBO Def Poet ) along with urlLink Elana Bell , urlLink Oscar Bermeo , urlLink Roger Bonair-Agard , urlLink Ed Garcia , urlLink Guy LeCharles Gonzalez , urlLink Sabrina Hayeem Ladani , Stephen Maher, urlLink Marty McConnell , urlLink Raymond Daniel Medina , http://www.louderarts.com/poets/nicolas/ urlLink Isle yi Park , urlLink Lynne Procope and urlLink Rachelle Street Retail price: $10 Contact: 917-209-4211 E-mail : fishdawg28@aol.com So give me a call and buy a CD. I say this because Christmas is coming and I know that a 10 dollar CD is the perfect gift!!!!!! Give it some thought I catch all of you on the rebound Peace, Love Take care Chuletas a la Braza FishDAGW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 where are our priorities Heaven sent voice has gifted us with 54 years of happiness 77 years of a life worthy of books An angel sings hearty rhythms with a spanish flare Fire in her blood Melody in her heart Culture and tradition her spirit We mourn her silence We suffer our loss Heavens gain their voice that we borrowed Silence Rounded face children crying for what they don't know Older women crying for the lost of a friend a staple a person that has come into our life through music Politicians, musicians, entrepeneurs all under the facets of " mourning " 2 horses agitated by the noise I carriage adorned with flowers and the cuban flag Where can we be righteous? Dignify in death as they have lived in life Vendors sullying the memory of a legend selling Cuban flags Older men carrying boxes of sugar to throw on spectators yelling " Celia wants you " Shirts emblazoned with the face of " La Reina " sold for 20 dollars La Mega 97.9 giving out paper fans as memento's 93.1 following suit Now is not the time Or is it??? Not one corporate sponsor No bustello No Goya No El Pico Our Mayor under the rain and annoyed by the lack of a proper umbrella Wails of " Celia , We love you ",AZUCAR, and the robust, " Que decanse in Paz " What is this for ? Have you loved her in life? Have you honored her correctly in death? For a funeral is to mourn, cherish, and remember. Was I here to mourn the funeral procession of a legend? or Was I here to enthrall myself in the circus of media hords? Fish Note: What I saw today really bothered me.

 I still got love for ya Seve!!!!! So, the survivor slam came and went and it was to say " A good experience". I am going to have a nice long blog so get ready to read. WOW!!! Yesterday was one of those crazy days. It was a day when whatever could go wrong, it went absolutely wrong. Poor Seve was all out of Whack yesterday. I can't blame the guy. He did his thing and tried 100% to make it. I guess that either with more practice or just him threatening the crowd, it will get better. I vote threats.Let's start off with the open mic. The first guy up already set a precedent and dropped " A true Love Story ". Uh, He should have gone up there and read WAR and Fucking Peace. He stood up there for about 8 minutes. 8 Minutes on an open mic can be compared to one of those telemarketers keeping you on the phone when you are trying to watch that new porno you just brought. SO a couple of people almost reprieved the open mic and we had this " winner " named Phil. Ok folks, remember that I refuse to belittle a fellow poet. Rookie or pro, I will not say anything that will chastise their work. I am just going to write what happened. Phil goes up there and starts reading a poem about Gay people this, gay people that. He starts and repeats the same thing ( primarily ) over and over again. Then, he starts with what gay people think of him, with what he thinks of gay people, people think he's gay. I never here My dreadlocked mentor heckle anybody, last night, she heckled. It was the funniest thing ever. The crowd got antsy, Our Dj even tried to give him a hint by playing music. The crowd started clapping to get him off but he was only half way through his piece. This guy pushed the issues last night. I say nothing about this. I just won't embrace this guy as a " poet ". He does need help. Lots and lots of help. I was so happy last night that I got to meet Danny Solis. He was actually a very good feature and seemed like one hell of a guy. We spoke poetry and life and personally told me about the Latino showcase at Nats. I brought both his chap books and had him sign them. I came to my own concluson of Danny. He is cool with me. Until he proves otherwise, he rocked. The survivor slam rocked. Last night was Ja'i, Rich, Cassey, Chance, Obona, Farbeon, Diane Roy, Lisa Ascalon, GinnaKarla ( She can cook like hell ) Nicholas. Oh, and the FishDawg himself!!! oh man, I had one hell of a time. I joked and just made it for what it was. An awesome time. The point of this slam was to give it a theme of " survivor ". The first 5 poets deaded in the first round become the new five judges and they score you in the seond round. I don't know about you all, but reading for other poets in slams scares me. Then, after the second round, the three deaded poets take over and they secret ballot you into oblivion. Well, I could just write about me but I was more excited about all my peers and went up there and made it exciting. I have to say this, My motherfucking cuban brethren Rich is going to be awesome. He rocked this poem last night and he was so animated that I learned several things from him. Chance was chance and he did his thing as the norm. Ja'i should be allowed to write his poetry, his poetry is by far incredibly solid and it scares me knowing that he will be ( I stress WILL BE ) Poet Laureate one day. Lisa did one of my most favorite poems and I want to so go after her one day in a slam. She did well and I was happy. I went up and I actually used strategy ( to the ode of Oscar ). I always just figured that kick ass poems should give you the win. Not the case in many slams. I rode the score creep and gave them 110% of " yo soy del Bronx ". I made several changes at the end to make it a more generally loved and accepted poem. To my delight ( After I had to chase Oscar down to get my score because they didn't call it out ), I got a 29.0. So, from the top of my head, in the second round, Judging me were Obana, Lisa, Cassey, Chance, Ja'i, So, second round I go up last since I got the highest. I got some constructive critque from Lynne and I decided to go with it. I toned it down and just went with the poem. I don't think I toned it down enough but I did ok. I got high score again and I went to the third round. Wow, third round people! This is where I tell you. Fish has never made it to the third round so " handsomely ". At this time, the fun was kinda gone and the nerves kicked in. I still went after Diane did a pretty strong piece and dropped my " Death on Destructon day " piece. I only did half of the poem because I wanted to get over it. My stomach really pushed it this time. I am not used to it and I have to find out what the fuck these poets do for " post slam jitters ". Diane took the slam after a secret ballot and I was happy that I made it that far. I think I could finally cement in my mind that " I'm a contenda ". I was busting diane's chops all week that I am busting her ass. She beat me by one vote. That is ok, wait until Diane hears my new work. I AM REALLY BUSTING YOUR ASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOL NOTE: This slam was all about fun and that is what it was to be taken for, just fun. Don't let anything or anyone take something away from that. Work hard at it because it is a competition but have fun. Take the word seriously but still do it for the amusement and good nature of it. Being in the comapny of great poets, I was honored to be up there. Slams are nothing if you take them as a level of your work. I am not better then nobody else. I am a poet that will always support any of my peers work. Old work or new, I value the fact that you even have a poem to share with strangers. It is all about the craft, skill, word, and fun remember that. Well, I had a great time but I was fucked up afterwards. I guess it was something that I was not used to. This was my 3rd slam at 13 and I think everyone knows. Fish is pretty solid. So, Thanks to all the guys and gals that slammed with me and I look forward to the year end slamming.. Tonight is Acentos Thursday is regionals at Bowery, Friday at the Nuyo, Monday back at 13. Shit, Let me get to work!!!

 Monday morning befuddlement Sexual things that befuddle me.......... When you go to the bathroom, you pee, you wash your hands. When you are with your girl, she goes down on you, you finish, then you kiss her. Why? Why is bi-sexuality in women more accepted then in men? Why is there dialogue in porn? Why are women more visually enticed by a flaccid 9 inch penis that gains half an inch when hard but not with a 6 inch flaccid penis that gains 4 inches when hard? Why do fat guys have small penis? Not that mines is small!!!!!! LOL Religious things that befuddle me Taoism Catholicism Lutheranism Buddism Christianity Jehovah witnessism sika ism Krishan ism Where did so many different religions come from? Girlfriend Questions that befuddle me Why do they refuse to masturbate? or do they? Why do they hate porn? Why do they get mad when you request a threesome? Poetry Question that befuddle me Why is poetry so fulfilling but to just certain people? Why do so many people not aware of what true poetry is ? Why are poetry buffs so sexy?? including myself Puerto Rican things that befuddle me Why do we insist on gratuitously borrowing cable and then beef when there is nothing on the see??? Why do we always live in a building with family in another apartment? When Puerto Rican men decide to be unfaithful, why don't they leave, sisters, aunts, cousins out of the mix??? Why am I so sexy? Peace Love Pork Chops Fish

 Two's company, three's a definite good time Que pasa People, I am here at the household and I am doing slightly better today. I totally avoided the world this weekend because my bad moods are " Freindship " ending. I wish my day was better because I missed Isle's CD release party and I heard that it was awesome. I hope that down the road, I would see her do her thing. Isle has a heart as big as Korea itself. I am glad that people went and supported her, she deserves it. I am ok today, I have hit that " I don't care " milestone. I tend to hit this whe I realize that my life is what really matters. I have been working on on many things and I can't let things get in my way. I was talking to a friend and I think it is time to filter out the cancer's in my life. So , if you are a certain form of cancer, get ready for the chemo treatment and hope that your next victim would embrace you wholeheartedly. At this time, I can't afford anything that will keep me from growing. I am actually working on a new poem with serious Historical relevance to it. It is about the revolt cry of " El Grito De Lares ". It was the cry of about 1000 Puerto Rican farmers in 1851 that revolted against spain and freed Puerto Rico. Even tough it was for 12 hours, that is all the freedom that we had. I say we because after researching and really consuming myself in this subject. I almost cried.Since the discovery of Puerto, we have been colonized, occupied, militarized, demonized, chastised, fucked, screwed. Get my point??? So, you have an idea of where my poem is going. Most likely, I will have it done when we come back from Nats. I am so excited for this road trip. We are going to have a Ball. So, I am sorry for the calls I ignored. I just needed my time alone. Life is still good though. Oh, I am slammin Monday in the " Survivor Slam ". I might get to even meet Danny Solis. One of the original Bad motherfuckers in Poetry. Guess what, this might be my tpe of guy. Ok, let me run, Peace, Love Take care I love ya like I love Pork Chops Fish Dawg

 Porn Inventory 326 Magazines ( Playboy, penthouse, ) 17 VCR Movies endless porn on the Hot netwok and Playboy channel.

 Why do I bother ? Why do I bother being a freind when people insist on doing stupid shit ? answer this question!! I am righteous beyond all belief. I know that my life was not too cool when I was young but somewhere along the way, I treated others as I want to be treates. Respect me, appreciate me, love me, and just be true to me. All this and be true to yourself!!!!!!! I am so fucking angry today and I can't probably even put it into words. I thought I would get over it but I realized that no matter what you do, people you care for will do whatever they want to do no matter how stupid the case is. They will fool themselves into justifying whatever they want to do. Fuck it. If they don't like it, fuck em. I hate stupid people. Niggers have been fuck ups all their life and they have one moment of an epiphany and they are all better. Fuck that, you have been a fuck up and that means that your life has a trail of bad blood following it. You have to sit down and rectify everyone you hurt, screwed over, fucked up on. You think that you meet this one chic and after you been with her not even a solid six months that you can just move in with her ??? YOu think that after 5 years on not taking care of your seed that you have rights after 3 months. You HAVE NO RIGHTS!!!!!!!!!!! You lost your rights with the 5 years you " chose " to be out of your seeds life. You are getting sick ad tired of being held at " bay ". Guess what motherfucker, you deserve it!!! YOu haven't done shit for your daughter and you expect reprieve in 3 months, nigger, you lucky that you even have this!!!!!!!!! I am so fucking angry cause I can see the drama coming and I don't want to deal with it. I don't want to hear it. I am not in the mood. I am not!!! I have been good and I have been even trying to work on my personal life and now I feel that my shit just took three steps back. Why does this situation bother me so much??? Why??? I should have never called. I should have never dialed the number. I should have never questioned anything. I should have just kept it general and not said anything. People make mistakes ad I give them the benifit of the doubt. People fuck up and I am the first one there to listen to them. Yet, can I be there time and time again???? Can I be there for them after I know they ARE GOING TO FUCK UP!!! All I can say. PROVE ME WRONG!!! I have my " I told you so's" ready and cocked. I am so not in a good mood. I am angry. I am hurt. I need to really hit something I'm out

 Girl, I have about 9 solid inches to offer.......... Then of course, when the pants come down and you see about 5 hard inches of man meat, what are you going to feel ??? This is what I mean about gettting high expectations after hearing some incredible reviews about a move I caught yesterday. Yesterday, I was invited to go see 28 days Later . The movie was a science Fiction Horror flick that the two reviews I got from friends had me itching to see it. This is where I should have known that the high expectations I set has already fucked the movie up for me. I love all type of movies but it is hard to have me jump and basically scare the bejesus out of me. I am thinking, wow, this movie could be the next Exoricist . This motherfucker wasnt even close to that. The movie was a decent horror flick but I left there kinda pissed that it wasnt world changing for me. I wanted to go home and be afraid to sleep. I wanted to have some nightmares that made my regular nightmares seem like walks in the park. The movie had a good premise and the twist was kinda cool. Even though I felt the movie dealt much more with human nature then with the horrors of this virus ( rage ), it had its moments. The best part in the movie was this Linda Hamiltonish T2 Sarrah OConor type chic named Celena . She was with this dude Mark and she saved another dude named Jim. They were attacked by the infected ( zombies ) and Mark was bitten. Celena asked him if he was bitten. The look on Marks face told it all. Celena had this machete and she went to town. She starting swipng at Mark and chopped off his arm. Then she must have swung at least 20 times. She killed him without even a second thought. Shit, that is my type of girl. I am thinking Mark is one of the main characters and he was killed off quick. So, The movie wasnt off the hook to me. The movie wasnt One of the best to me. It was a good movie but the high bar I set just fucked it up for me. This is what happend when you listen to other people. So, today I am home and I am going to go do some work on the Sentra. That little car is about to become a racer if I keep tweaking it. Oh, Good News, It is official. Rich Villar Jayme Del Rosario, and Jai will Uppercase at Bar 13 in August. Rich E-mailed me yesterday and he was pretty happy. I am happy for all three of them. If they play the cards right, they will reap some serious benefits. I am going to ask Eric if I can throw my hat into the Hosting ring that day. I would love to host an Uppercase feature. Ok, time to bounce and I am off to attack my day. Peace, Love, Pork Chops FishDawg

 Your mama wears combat boots!!! I never knew why people would get upset if they were told " Your mama wears combat boots. Shit, if I could remember my mother with anything besides those mother " batas " and " Chancletas ", I would be happy. Yesterday was a great day. I actually got 2 pair of socks and a new bottle of gel. Why?? After beefing about my socks being worthless, I was actually given some socks!!! Brand new and not used!!!!!!. So, Let me try something today. Ok, here we go. I woke up and had a horrible morning, my 2003 Hummer didn't want to turn on. My my live in supermodel turned pornstar left me. The 60 million I had in the bank is gone!!! OHHHHHHH the Blasphemy!!!!!! So, let me see what I could get by lunch today. I am going to touch on something personal today. Yesterday I was surfing some blogs and I came across some " friends " topics. The people who you consider you best friends and what not. I am going to jump in the fray and just write what comes. I am not going to talk about the past because I think it is worthless. I will give a quick mention though. My Dawg E 1994 - Present....... This motherfucker is my heart. You know when you have one person in your life that he is like the model friend you hold everyone against??? This is him. We met through a mutual friend and the first day that we met, this little motherfucker did some shit to me that I should have laughed it off or punched him in the face. I laughed it off and I gained a friend that is priceless to me. This guy is beyond righteous. I have seen him swallow some things put against him in the interest of " keeping shit cool ". When I was in a relationship, (How can I say this without having this used against me in a court of law??? ) Well, let's just say that My Ex owes alot to Eric. She is living a happy healthy life right now because Eric was there ( without even asking ) stopping me from going through some serious shit. I turn to him to talk and he is by far the closest thing I have in my life. " I love you nigger " My nigger Wil 1988- 1999.......... Wil and I were one unit. This guy was my heart and I would have given my life for him. We did everything from hanging, talking, fighting together, gettting locked up together. From 6am to 2am we were one. It came down to the point that it was " Fish and Wil ". This guy was my brother at one point and unfortunately, with time, that actually subsided cause he fucked up. I have been very hard on him over the years for the simple fact that his fuck up is " unforgivable ". Withing the last year, I realize that everyone makes mistakes and we have been talking here and there much more then before. I love this guy to death but he is still a piece of shit on so many levels. 1999 - Present I have a few people in my life that I do care for and I have mad love for...... Oscar - I don't even have to tell you what this little napoleonic character means to me Stacie, Alice, Myra, Angie, Yesi, Jennifer, Ray, Puto, Ruben, Pito, Elbi, I wish someone would come out with a question sheet of who you hate and why. That is when things of interest will come to be. Ok, short Blog Be good Take Care Peace, Love, Pork Chops and Apple Sauce Fish

 You can have a bad day if........... When shit just happens early in the morning. Last night was a really relaxing night. I needed to rest because I was " Emotionally " spent from just too much going on. I get all worried that something is wrong but just need to recharge those batteries and I am good. This morning, I wake up and I am feeling good. I got to bed early and walked through the minumal nightmares and I was good. I woke up this morning. Clicked on the TV { insert morning ritual here } Got out of bed and did the usual brush the teeth, shower, dry off, throw on some Body odor killer, lotion the mug, from here on end, shit just went down hill. Firstly, what is the point of ear wax?? Can anyone tell me? Ever since we were little, we knew that ear wax had to be removed. I do this about 4 out of 7 days. I figure that it is best to remove it after a nice hot shower because it is all soft and such. THis morning, the medicine cabinet is opened, q-tip are removed, the chore begins. First the left ear, twist, twist, wiggle wiggle,remove, inspect, all done. Now, the right ear. Insert, twist, twist, wiggle, wiggle, remove.....cotton is not there. Ok, now this is where I am like, what happened??? Instead of sticking my finger in there and taking the chance that I could shove the cotton in deeper, I don't panic. I grab a pair of tweezers, stick em in my ear. AHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh................success. Cotton is removed. No problem. I was an EMT for a couple of years and panic is what fucks most situations up. I am thinking, wow, that was funny. " ha ha, hee hee { Sarcastically of course } I go to my living room to throw on the socks , pants, shirt and everything else. Ever notice, as we get older, we carry more. I am carrying a back pack for no reason more then " just in case ". Anyway, I sit, leg up, left sock goes up. No problem. Right leg goes up, toes curl, sock goes up, rips right in half!! is this even possible. Can my socks suck anymore ??? I have a death wish with socks people. I have no discipline with socks at all. When I wash, I don't match them. I don't care. Who is going to look at my socks anyway. Will I dry them and get mad because I am missing a sock?? NOPE!! All my socks are white!!!! My socks are a story by themselves. If you ever seen my calf's ( or calves ), they are huge. This is funny because my socks are all stretched open at the mouth. I don't have one pair of decent socks. I only have " one" pair of black socks to go out that I throw on with my shoes. Why do I need black socks, All I wear is boots. Black socks are for shoes. I don't even own a decent pair of shoes. The shoes that I do own are about 9 years old but they look new. Why???? I never wear them. So, A q-tip almost making me deaf, My socks dying before my eyes....... my day just might be bad today. Actually, it is hard for me to have a bad day. It just makes me kinda wonder why things go awry so early in the morning. We are all so ritualistic in the morning and the first thing that throws us off, our day is all out of whack.. then again, my days are whacky everyday. Ok folks, Peace, Love, BBQ pork chops Take care FishDawg

 Results of the team of undignified commoners bizarro slam!!!! ok, that was too long a title for slam. Here are some of the results... Sacrificial Goat and great dude........ Ed Garcia Peligro garnished a 25.1 from the judges. After some picking up of some little papers with some numbers on them, why oh why does Fish has to go first?? So, Rd1 Fish 27.6 Dawn Saylor 26.0 Lynne/Marty 27.9 Rd 2 Rich 27.2 Shappy/ Taylor 27.5 Roger 29.4 Rd 3 Jayme 27.6 Taylor 24.8 Lynne/Roger 27.4 Rd 4 Oscar 27.6 RAC 28.2 Tai 29.7 :) I love this Peace

 Where was I???? That is probably what most of the masses that grace my blog were wondering yesterday. I was hanging out with a friend that came up from Florida that I have not seen in 11 years. You know what, that is not even important right now. I have to get into what happened last night. Last night were the team slams at Bar 13. You all know that Team Union Square -vs- "shoulda been Urbana" -vs- the virtual newcomings of " Team Acentos ". For some reason, I love the sound of that, Team " ACENTOS "!!!!!! Oh man oh man...... I was so excited and I felt like a little kid going to rye Playland ( because Great Adventures is too far and expensive ). On our team was Rich Villar. This cat is coming on strong and even though I just have known him for a few. I can say, I am proud of him. He took the role of " Slammer " and I know that he worked it. " Rich, I know you are reading this because you are one of my dedicated stalkers, I am proud to say that it was a pleasure to slam on the same team with you" Jaime Del Rosario was also on our team. This incredibly perky and talented writer was a sure fire God SEND to our team. She worked hard on a poem and switched it up and tapped into a well of comedy and humor that had her a winner in her round. SHE beat out Roger and Lynne's " Ode to Rita Marley ". This, for a person that didin't want to slam, it was worth it. " Jayme, you rock. Next, Oscar Bermeo. Our coach. Our workshop faciltator of sorts. He put this team together and made the small changes that did nothing but make our poems " gooder ". He reached for the sentimental vote and sure enough, he got a great score. I will post the scores on an Edit when I get home tonight. Next on the team was..... uh...... shit.......... Me.!!!! Fishdawg the fucking poet got on the stage and busted out his " Headlines " piece. I drew first up and going first is almost " judgemental Sucide " Those judges are not going to give out straight up " 10" to the first poet in the first round. BUT THEY WILL GIVE " 9 " across the boards!!!!!! LOL ( 27.6 total ) I mean, we went up against the best of Bar 13 Team union Square 2003. This was Roger, Lynne, Marty, and Tai. The next team from Urbana was Taylor Mali, Shappy, RAC, Dawn Saylor. After the guns were emptied. Team Union Square took first. Acentos took Second. Urbana brought up the rear. So, I am estatic going home after beating Urbana and Giving Union Square a run for their money!!!!!! I was soooo excited last night. It was fun and I learned alot. I took a shit load of Pictures and I hope to get a few digital one's sent to me also. So, this is the part where I reflect. Last night, I was in the company of some of the best poets on the scene if maybe ........... period. Going up against these guys has given me something that I never had before. A sense of being " worthy " to hang with the big boys ". I completely admire and respect all the poets and for giving me ( us ) the chance a year or two ago. I will always say this, Louder ( past and present ) embraced me and taught me more then I ever would have thought. Time to learn and maybe even love. Thank you again. Peace, Love Take care Porkchops in Sauce FishDawg >)))">

 What time is it?....... OH GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE!!! These were the words that came out of my mouth when I fell asleep at 5:30 in the morning and people decide to wake up at that time!!!!!! So, Yesterday was the CD release party for 5 past 13: A little bit louder, volume 1. It was at "BarBelow " on Smith street in Brooklyn. I was very skeptical half way through the evening. Most people came and went when they heard and saw the $10 dollar cover at the bar. It was the fault of louder, it is a free bar and many of people hang out there when it is free. Now, thye have to pay ten dollars?? Masses of folks came and went. Hey, but believe it or not, we did well. The place was packed. In the middle of the night, a poetry showcase to plug the CD was formed. It didn't go off that well because WAYYYYYYYYYYY too many people were yip fuckin yapping. I had to go outside before someone got their jaw broke. Once Frank ( our very own DJ hotnuts ) came over and took over DJ duties. He fucking killed it. I mean that in a good way. He ripped the music most of the night and I had a hell of a time. I actually danced. Fish actually got on the dance floor and danced. I avoided all fat chics and gay men. I wasn't trying to deal with drama. I did meet this hot model chic that tried to tongue me down most of the night. Can you hear that???? Could you hear certain blood pressures starting to boil??? I was JUST JOKING!!!!!!!!!!! LOL After the party, we headed to Ginna's house and munched on some awesome breakfast that Raymond " the sensitive " one made. He can actually cook. I am impressed. oh, Ginna house has it's own zipcode. They are shooting an episode of " MTV cribs " next week and her houe will be on it. So, since I had my own futon, I was sleeping like a baby. That model chic kept on licking my neck but I kicked her out. Hear it again ??? LOL Great weekend, Great time, Oscar, Rich, Jamie, and myself practive and did some edits for our upcoming slam against the other fuckers on Monday. We did some shit to my Headline piece that I was loving. Oscar really showed me a different side this morning. I think we are going to do well. I know this much, if we beat them, life is going to suck for some people. 110% is how we are going at it. Ok, let me bounce, I have to et this model chic home. Wait, here is again ???? LOL Relax ma, I am just messing with ya. Peace, Love, Poerk Chops FishDawg Take care

 Chuck E. Cheese old school so, could tell you that today was a great day. I was at Chuck E-Cheese. Yes, me, geriatric old ass Fish was at Chuck E Cheese playing like a little kid. It was the best too. Best part, I am sitting there eating with these young bucks that I was sitting and who comes up to me????? MY Estranged God daughter!!! She comes up to me and looks at me and says.......... " Hi " . I was shocked. I haven't really interacted with her over the years and that has been my fault. Well, that is a private journal entry. It just felt good to see her and the better part of it was that she came to me to say hello. Life is good. Pues, by this time, you all probably are aware of how good I felt yesterday about the Rikers Showcase and everything. I was completelystuck on stupid when I left there and my conversation was at a minamal. I had these feelings that I never had before going through my body. I felt like crying 98% of the way home. Oscar was giving some serious accolades and that was one hair fiber from making me pull over and just cry. A loser and failure the majority of my life and now here I am, considered a success in this workshop. Guys were saying things to me that I never thought I would be on te receiving end of hearing. I got really attached to them motherfuckers. I hope and wish them the best once they are released. I am not to worried about them fuckin up. I am more concerned about them working hard to become great writers. Yesterday was the day in which I totally cemented louder in my heart. Roger said some shit at the end of the class that woke me up and left me fucked up. I think that is when it started. I wanted to be alone immediately afterwards but I have responsiblities. So, I kinda shut down and stood quiet. So much was going through my head and I had to let it sink in. So, we are off to the party today and I should be there by 9pm. I will be in somewhat blouncer mode but I am going to have fun.

 Spit or Swallow????? Ahhhhhhhhhh yes folks, here is the age old question. Cum this Monday, it will either be "spit" some serious poetry and kick some ass in the " league of undignified commoners " slam or I " swallow" my pride and just do what I had to do. Uh..... what were you thinking you pervs??? I am beyond writing about blowjobs everyday. If you were a member of my Fishism list, you do recall my endless search for the perfect oral satisfying moments of my life. Let this be known, I am beyond. So, yes, Like I said Monday will be Team Acentos vs Team Union Square vs team Shoulda been Urbana. This is probably the closest I would ever get to compete on a national level. Out of like twelve people in this slam, may 9 or better have national experience and a shitload of Slam experience. This is the part where I let Oscar run the show since he knows a little more then what I do. It is all a learning experience and I can't wait to get my feet wet. Pues ( this means " well " is Spanish for you non-spanish blog stalkers ). I got a room in the wicker park inn in Chicago for nats. Let's see who wants to crash. I will be charging 20 bucks a night for floor space. Fuck that, the room came out to a couple of bucks and I am not running a freebie convention. So, if you are a guy, bring KY because I you are paying up one way or the other. Oh, if you are female, hee hee, don't mind the video camera on the tripod with the night vision. The handcuffs, duct tape, ball gag, and assorted leather whips are for entertainment purposes. Oh, Thanks to Guy for the link for the wicker park link, " you da man " Tonight is the showcase at Rikers and I feel pretty happy about everything. I hope that everything goes well. I am not in a mood for nonsense today. Bringing this second group to Rikers means that my dedication to this program has been 110% from the begging and I hope that I will get more opportunities in the future with different organizations. I have become so attached to these guys because we ( everyone that has taught ) has gotten these guys to write. They are appreciating spoken word, poetry, performance poetry, workshops. We have introduced them to sooooooo many different writers. Teaching has been the best experience I have ever had. I gave back to the community in which at one point I was a part of. If something in my life would have never changed, I might have been a student instead of an instructor. One thing , I could have never gotten this done without the support of the likes of Oscar, Roger, ALL OF LOUDER!!! Even the ones that hadn't looked nor touched the rikers project. They helped in more ways then they know. The poets who have taken time out of their life to trek it over there to perform have given me a new meaning to pursue even more in poetry. Thank you guys. Was this sappy enough??? Ok, no more sap.... Time to bounce and bid ya ........... PEACE!!!!!!!!!! Peace, Love, Pork Chops Fish ( I knew you were all thinking dirty ) dawg >)))">

 Boxers or Briefs???? " Hi, my name is Sam and I wear hot pink things" What's the deal people!!!!!! I am back in the job and I am doing great. This morning, I am riding to work and I am reading the Daily news and I come acorss those " Dear Abby " type columns. The girl was writing because she was losing alot of friends because of her on line journal ( Blog ). Wow, I never heard of an on-line journal. I never even knew that you could do that. Anyway, This girl was losing friends because of the things that she was writing. Her anti-war views and everything else were putting her in awkwards positions. I say this........ Dear girl that is losing friends because of her blog " If your friends read your blog and they decide to cut you off, those were not real friends. If you can not have your own views without having those people judge you, you don't need them. You need people in your life that will accept your views for what they are , YOUR Views. They dont have to agree with them, but they can accept you. So, all in all, FUCK em!!!! Last night, I got an invite to the Nuyorican. I was tired and not really digging the fact that I would be getting another night of a two hour sleep cycle. Here is the kicker, I had this feeling that it would be a good thing to just go. Sure enough, I did not regret it. They started the slam early because a PBS production company was there recording the slam. After the slam, special performances by Willie Perdomo, Mayda DeValle, Slanty eyed Mama, Danny Hoch. I was in Poetry heaven for five bucks. Well, actually, more like poetry purgatory because the cd recording at 13 was off the hook and no show has come close to that!!!! The slam was good and it was good to see different voices on the mic. Out of 20 slammers, I only knew one. That is a good thing. Carlos Gomez, one of the members of nuyorican 2003 team was there and he took first in the slam. Yet, he did the admirable thing and gave up the slot because he already made the team. So, keeping this crown would have been worthless because he couldn't be on the team again. So, some white guy named " Lamb " took second and the opportunity to take part in a friday slam. As the vulture that I am , I got Carlos info for some things I would like for him to do. All in all, Willie Perdomo is a hands down master at what he does. I can't explain how a simple changing of the tone of your voice will bring a poem to life. Mayda did her thing and she is so awesome. Funny thing, I didn't go and say hello. I met Mayda about 6 times and that connection is still lacking. She did her thing and she is truly an awesome poet. As I am writing this, I am noticing something that many of you probably already have noticed. I tend to give my dues and props to all poets who are of Latino descent. I can't even deny this. When I first started coming to this scene, I felt that there were not enough latino voices around. That of course changed with Oscar breaking down doors, me following suit, and many others after me. I have nothing against a poet who is not latino but I will support my Hispanic brethren as hard as I could. I can tell you that there are some latino poets that will make it big. They have their own style, way with words, and a dedication to getting to the top. Mark my words, watch for a selected few. So, with last names like Bermeo, Gonzalez, Villar, Rojas, Perdomo, Rojas have ,and ,will go down as awesome latino poets. So, my day is here and I am good. We have one day to practice for Team Acentos taking on the powers that be on Monday. I can't wait, it is going to be fun. I would love to beat them. Yet, I would love to just have fun and practice to get better. On that wonderful ecclectic notes Time to bounce Peace, Love Take care Fish ( I am a proud, strong, latino man ) Dawg p.s did I ever mention that I do have a hot pink thong fetish??? That is a whole other blog!!!!!!!

 BREAKING NEWS!!!!!!!! BREAKING NEWS!!!!!!!!! THIS IS JUST IN!!!!!!!!!!! Reports are coming into the newsroom. SamueL " Fish " Vargas does not have to drive his freeloading uncle and skank wife to Atlantic City to the Casino's. YEA BABY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 Speed Stick or Degree First thing, if you called my cell phone at 1:35am and I didn't pick up, what do you think was happening at that time??? Sleep you idiots!!!!!!!!!! Damn. Anyway, here is the funny little things that make my life great. Yesterday, I did my ritual of waking up showering and all that hygenic stuff that we all have grown accustomed too. So, Lenny left a degree anti-perspirant and when I ran out out of mines, I started using hers. Here is the funny part, yesterday, I was a walking " roll -on anti-perspirant " experiment. I used the last bit of the degree and I got only enough for one armpit. I opened up " Speed stick " and threw that on. So, degree on one armpit and speedstick on the other. Talk about an interesting day. The winner of the " Fish has no life and decides to do this award " goes to.......... ( drumroll ) SpeedSTICK!!!!!! I had one sweaty armoit all day and that degree is going to be sued by me for false advertising. So, Acentos has come and gone. Yesterday was ............... " Different ". Our feature was stuck in Chicago and at 5pm, she was at Newark NJ. I knew she wasn't going to make it when I heard that. Sure enough, Our open mic and break came and went and we have finally had our first Featureless Acentos. Regardless, the optimist in me says taht it was all good. We had a good crowd of 22 people and I was happy. Best part of the evening, Rony ( owner of the Blue Ox ) has installed an air conditioning and I was happy as a polor bear on ice. I was happy yesterday, nothing mind bending and Oscar didn't get on my nerves and vice versa. So, all in all, the night was great. I am going to start working on a " work in progress poem " called " she sings ". I dabbled with it and I think it has potential. I read some little blurb that I wrote and I have realized that my vain attempt at humor will not occur on a regular basis. All in all, good evening. I just woke up with a headache. I took some advil and the tumor should go away soon. Take care Peace, Love FishDawg >)))">

 " Ever seen a drunk Poet???? " louderPARTY Saturday, July 12th (9:00pm - 4:00am) urlLink Bar Below (209 Smith Street in Brooklyn) F Train to Bergen Street $10 Cover Its the OFFICIAL CD RELEASE PARTY for 5 Past 13, a hot new compilation CD of NYCs top performance poets. From 9 p.m. to 4 a.m., celebrate, drink, shake whatever needs shaking to the sounds DJ Frank Rempe and DJ Joshua Gabriel! AND be one of the first 50 people in the door and receive the urlLink CD for just $5! thats HALF OFF the regular price! so get there early and make sure to pace yourself, because you wont want to miss the revelry and scattered poetic performances. All proceeds from the night go to send urlLink Team NYC/Union Square to the urlLink National Poetry Slam in Chicago this August. 5 PAST 13 features performances by Def Poetry on Broadway's urlLink Suheir Hammad & urlLink Staceyann Chin , HBO Def Poet's urlLink Roger Bonair-Agard , urlLink Emanuel Xavier , urlLink Willie Perdomo , urlLink Marty McConnell , urlLink Ishle Yi Park , urlLink Dawn Saylor , loudPOETS' urlLink Lynne Procope , urlLink Raymond Daniel Medina , urlLink GinnaKarla Nicolas , Oscar Bermeo, urlLink Edward Garcia , Peter James Conti, urlLink Stephen Maher , urlLink Elana Bell , urlLink Sabrina Hayeem-Ladani alongside urlLink Rachelle Street , urlLink Bob Holman , urlLink Patricia Smith , urlLink Cheryl Boyce Taylor and urlLink Guy LeCharles Gonzalez . *********************************************

 Actual Blood family sucks!!!!! Ok, the Demon spawn bloodsucking leaches have arrived from Puerto Rico via driving from Florida. They were not even in NYC yet and they made my life a living hell. I was at home catching a nap because I was tired. I got up and took a quick shower and I was walking out the door and sure enough, my dad was walking to my door with this face like " oh, you are going to et mad ". Sure enough, these people called and they were on the NJ turnpike. I asked my Dad where. He doesn't know. I asked them what time they called, he doesn't know. I asked them if they know how to get to the house, he doesn't know. I love my father with such a fervor that nothing can beat that, but Pop, you were worthless to me yesterday. The only thing that made life easier was that they called from a cell phone and I got to call them back ( via caller ID ) from my pops cell. I told them to get off in the first visually enticing exit in the BRonx and I met up with them with my Dad in tow. Now, the family in question is my mothers Borther. That motherfucker is not my uncle. My uncle is someone that calls me and I call them. Treats me like family and I treat them like family. I have seen this guy about 3 times in my 32 years of life. So, I am closer to some of the Louder Folks that I have seen everyday then this Balding arrogant bastard that I never see. You know I am going somewhere with this. This motherfucker gets in the car and he starts quick with some typical Puerto Rican Peer pressure nonsense........ " So, how long you been married?" " Wow, you are fat " " you are not married?, you need to get married because you are not getting any younger " " Are there casino's here, I promised to take my wife, ( I interject and tell them there is one about 3 hours away ), I promised to take my wife, can you drive us ?" " WHy don't you have kids ?" Note: I have a brother that gay, so, guess what THIS MOTHERFUCKER says........ " I hope you ddidn't come out like your brother, you never are going to have kids like that " PEOPLE!!! 10 minutes in the car and I have never regretted the fact that I never have seen this guy for more then 4 hours in my life!!!! Now, here is the kicker, guess where I am driving to either tonight or Wednesday night??? Yep, my mother called me and pulled out the " I never ask for anything " card. Oh man, I love my moms but these are the times when I feel like moving to Florida now instead of next summer. The majority of my life, it has been Pops, moms and me. No uncles, aunts, cousins, nephews, neices etc. My Abuelita from my Dads side was the only one that I loved more then life. When she died, I lost all my connections to those Puerto Rican dissidents residing on that small island of Borinquen. So, can you tell I had a horrible night last night. The best part about anything was that when I got to Louder ( bar 13 ), I started feeling a little bit better. I actually took place in the slam last night and that made my mind at ease. It was a good night and I felt sooooo much better after some poetry and looking at Eric G dressed in drag ( Don't ask ). Last night was the cover slam in which you had to read a poem by someone else. I chose to read " Miguel Pinero's, The book of genisis according to San Miguelito ". I did ok, I got 9 's across the board. The high 9's still beat me out. Roger, Regie Cabico, Obena, Oscar took home books and money. Oscar took the the triple threat with a Poem by Jimmy Santiago Baca. Can lose when you reading Baca. So, I got to work early today and I feel good. I am going to be a little bit busy so my e-mails are kinda limited today. I am linking Oscar's page for you can see some info for the Party on Saturday, we are going to PARTY HARDCORE!!!!!!!! urlLink Party Info!!! Peace, Love Take care Fish >)))">

 Calm.....cool.....time to stir minds How many of you are fully commited in a relationship right now? How many people can wake up and say " wow, somebody loves me"?. Well, here is something to make some people think and maybe evenchange just a little. Normally, I would write every detailed nook and cranny " about why I am feeling this way. Since I have sooooooo much repect for some things, I will remain silent. Yet, I will pose some hypothetical's for you. I have been in many relationships and the majority of them have gone south. I don't mean an excellent fun filled vacation neither. I mean straight to the brimstone depths of hell. Realtionships have proved difficult and maybe almost impossible for me. It has come to this point, within a year or two when I do decide to date or whatever, I will give a fair warning, I am not good at relationships. I tend to get scared several months into them and run like a coward with a yellow stripe down my back. Funny thing is, I have alawys maintained an excellent friendship and course of cordialty with the majority of my ex's. Some have even become my best friends of sorts. Except for that mentally challenged fool ecuadorian kettle of confused emotions that I actually cut off recently. Why can't some people be friends after the breakup??? I pose this question to female and males alike?? I have no qualms nor dissention after a relationship to put everything behind me. Some people find that too hard. Some people think that is not fair. Some think that it is selfish. THe most hurtful words that anyone ever told me when I was breaking up with them were " if we are not together, then what do you want me around for ?" I couldn't answer then I could answer now. When you have family you have support. When you have friends, you have a group that will push you. When you have someone that has the potential of becoming your shoulder, your ear, your life. That is more important then anything else that I could see. Thing is, how can you not be with someone you were with and have them be so important in your life? I don't know, if you have the answer, let me know. My life is very complicated right now and the only reason why it is like this is because I made it so. I have made sacrifices in the name of " search ". I hope that my search this time will be a right one. If I fucked up, I wouldn't give much a chance after it. Well, short blog, Peace, Love, Take care Fish >)))">

 Please help me!!!! I was forced into the world of " urlLink Superman " while trying to avoid the " urlLink Great American Scream Machine " of " urlLink MEDUSA " while she was almost killed by a " Runaway Train ". One of Medusa's " Vipers" spit some poisionous " urlLink NITRO " onto " urlLink Batman " when he was trying to save me but " urlLink Batman and Robin " from the Chiller prooved worthless. Did I do well????? I tried to described all the major rides that almost killed me today. Yes, my old geriatric ass made a trek to Great adventures today. My buddy called me late last night and as spontaneous as we can be, at 9am this morning, we were in Great adventures. I know I know, it was stupid to go on a weekend and a holiday one at that. Well, for your funky little information, Great Adventures was as empty as a crack whores black book trying to find a job. Nobody was there compared to the times when I usually go. From 10am to 12:30, we already have jumped on all the rides that I have mentioned. the only ride where I waited for 15 minutes was the " Superman " ride. Which was completely crazy to let you know. Hands down, " Nitro " was still the best ride in length and excitment. The ride that had me shocked was that " Viper "!!!! This thing was choppy and it was just throwing me all over the place!!!!!!!! Hence, maybe that is why they call it the " viper ". I couldn't get over at how empty this park was. We were just walking up to all the rides and just basically walking in and jumping on. I think this is the only time that I am kinda digging this recession. Great Adventures is expensive as fuck folks. Make sure you get those coupons and coke cans and go during the week. Maybe that is why it was empty. It was a beautiful thing just walking on and not waiting on those welfare lines ( FLASHBACKS!!!!!!!!!!!!). So, time for me to shower and do my thing. I am the early shift this week at work. Time to go. Peace, FishDawg >)))"> Peace. urlLink

 PARTY AND VOTES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Dudes and dudettes!!!!!!!! Time to dust off the condoms and cheesy pick up lines. Time to get those snobby faces that ya girls make to reject us guys with cheesy lines and get ready to party like animals!!!!!!!!!!! This Saturday, July 12 2003 at 9pm. The party is going pop off with the official CD release of " 5 past 13 ". ********* Following is E-mail newsletter ************ Its the OFFICIAL CD RELEASE PARTY for 5 Past 13, a hot new compilation CD of NYCs top performance poets. From ***9 p.m. to 4 a.m.***, celebrate, drink, shake whatever needs shaking to DJ Frank Rempe and DJ Joshua Gabriel! AND be one of the first 50 people in the door and receive the CD for just $5! thats HALF OFF the regular price! so get there early and make sure to pace yourself, because you wont want to miss the revelry and scattered poetic performances. All proceeds from the night go to send Team NYC/Union Square to the National Poetry Slam in Chicago this August. How hot is this CD? check out the lineup: Suheir Hammad, Staceyann Chin, Roger Bonair-Agard, Emanuel Xavier, Bob Holman, Lynne Procope, Patricia Smith, Cheryl Boyce Taylor, Willie Perdomo, Marty McConnell, GinnaKarla Nicolas, Oscar Bermeo, Edward Garcia, Peter James Conti, Stephen Maher, Guy LeCharles Gonzalez, Elana Bell, Sabrina Hayeem-Ladani, Dawn Saylor, Raymond Daniel Medina, Rachelle Street, and Ishle Yi Park. Questions? email curator@louderARTS.com. So be there this Saturday and join us this and every Monday at 13 Bar/Lounge for the best in NYC spoken word! 7 p.m., 35 E. 13th St., $5 ($4 with student ID), 2-for-1 drinks all night. Always an open mic and featured poet, sometimes a slam. see you there! ************ end ********** Yo guys, I also need ya to go to www.blink1027.com and vote for Don aka Post midnight. He is a poet that has been given the opportunity to maybe have a hosting spot on the radio. If he does, poetry goes up several notches on the radio. At least I hop so. Vote for POST MIDNIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! urlLink vote Piece My Brothas and sistas!!!!!!!! Fish Dawg Oh. I BETTER SEE ALL OF YOU THERE AT THE CD RELEASE PARTY!!!!!!!!!! Fish

 Perfection Impressario on grill, Salad Aficionado creating heaven, stragglers amongst us and what do we have ???? The un offical " Louder " BBQ kicking all tri-state area ass!!!!!!! A few of us got together and got the essentials for making this BBQ take off and make it at least somewhat decent. At 3pm, the grill was assembled and the coal was thrown on and with one match, " on gaawa aawa.......we have fire "!!! NOTE: get the matchlight coals, them suckers light up with no lighter fluid and it makes life easier. The porkchops and sangria( prepared by the ever so sexy Jayme ), this salad that still had me salivating early this morning. The sultan of salad, GinnaKarla threw this mix together as diligently as she does her poetry. I can't explain how good it was. I grabbed a plate before the food and I couldn't get over the explosion of taste in m mouth. Ginna is unabatedly " The Bomb ". So, to the preparers of the food, Oscar ( Fruit choppin slugger that he is )Bermeo, Maria ( I am a chef and I don't need to be cooking more) Nieves, Ginna, Jayme, oh....... and me. I got the chicken ready and I really should have seasoned it much more. The day was hit off perfectly with a little bit of everything being brought from all different angles at the hours through the evening. Marty lugging her melons ( insert bad thought here ), Helen Yum making it the OFFICIAL BBQ when she brought her Macaroni Salad. She is awesome. Lynne bring some of the weirdest things to a BBQ that I have ever seen but sure enough, they were needed. This is what makes her great, that whole ability to see what others don't see. " Lynne, I need lotto numbers ". Ray carrying some burgers from 83rd street and Jai bringing some of his veggie garden burgers. Eric showed up in some surfer shorts with no shirt tugging bags of ice. I would kill to see Eric get waxed. If Eric gained about 100 pounds, he could look like " George the Animal Steel with all that fur!!! I think the best part of the day was to see Cheryl Boyce Taylor show up. She is sooooo genuine and loving. Seeing her there enjoying all the food and laughs is what made the day great for me. I took the first shift at cooking and it was pretty cool. I volunteered to " chef it out " and I don't mind that. The best part were those pork chops. OH man, enough spices to make your mouth water. When the food was done, I made the " Pig yell " (Soooooooooweeeeeeeeeeeeeee ) and everyone grabbed a plate. The second shift was a joint effort between Eric, Raymond, and Oscar. I was done cooking and the smell of smoke got me pretty much drained. Funny thing was when eric was grilling and the whole grill caught fire and he tried to save the meat. He looked like an extra from the movie " Backdraft " trying to save dying kids from the raging inferno. Either that or one great blunder waiting to happen. He managed to save the meat and all was well at The " bbq " . I had to make my exit about 6:30 pm. I would love to have stayed to enjoy the food and maybe even help with the clean-up. Thing is, the 4th of July is not a good holiday for me. I went through some shit years ago and the 4th of July has opened a flood gates of emotions. I have always managed to hide my emotions very well. The 4th is a year in which I have to hide them the hardest. I lost it the year after my accident and every year after has been a task. I have gotten better but I still tend to get very mellow. People tend to always ask me what is wrong and I don't like being around people when I am kinda depressed. I don't even think of it as depression all the time. I think of it as just thinking too much. So my defense mechanism is just being alone. The BBQ was great and it was really like the first time that I hung out with these people like this. I hope that many more days will follow. I saw T3 ( terminator 3 ) this morning. It was a pretty good movie. Very action filled. Take care and be well Peace, Love Fish >)))">

 oh.......... HAPPY FOURTH OF JULY!!!!!

 The world is safe I am in my house and today was the day in which I have realized that poetry is what you make it. Yesterday was the day of the Dark Future slam. I had an incredible time. Taylor Mali is hands down a bonafide nutcase with a creative energy on top of tooooooo much ample time!!!! Yesterday, the Corporation consisted of urlLink Agent Mali , Agent Saylor, Agent Neil, and urlLink Agent Bermeo and several other Bowery stragglers. The slam consisted of 12 people in which only Poems envisioning a dystopic future were allowed. You would have to recite your poem under one of several conditions alotted to you. The conditions were a miriad of straight up crazyness!!!!!!!!! Hands tied behind your back Wearing a hood over your head ( I got stuck on this one ) Music blasted in your ear Water thrown in your face they would take you some where in the back and shine lights in your face and a whole bunch more I was second up and I had a gut feeling that this hood thing was going to be given to me. Sure enough, that shit was no joke!!!! I had on a long trench trying to look the part. So, I go to the stage and the hood goes over my face. They put me in front of the microphone and I start my piece......... 30 seonds later I start going into overdrive in the poem for a buildup to the climax. PROBLEM: The buildup means breathing hard is proving a chore and that hood wasn't so kind with the oxygen. 1 minute into the poem and with every breathe, the cloth of the hood would go into my mouth. The heat was rising in the hood, the bad breathe was getting me dizzy. So, when my pause in the poem came and everybody was clapping, I said FUCK that .... I WAS DONE!!!!! It was about 600 degrees under that hood. I started wheezing. My breathe was atrocious!!!!!!!!!!! so, a 7.5 later.......I was happy as a pig in shit when that hood came off ****************** This note is from the Revolutionary front called " FREE the WORD " Last night, we, members of free the word toppled the corporation and they have buckled under our passion to keep the word free. FREE THE WORD!!!!!!!!! FREE THE WORD!!!!!!!!! FREE THE WORD!!!!! ************************************ That was the best part of the evening!! I was recruited to be part of " La Resistance " . We all rushed the stage and a gun point, we made the corporation our bitches!!!!! This was hands down the best night I have ever had in Poetry. No winners were declared in this slam but I knew I wasn't going to win. Yet, I had fun and that was what I was going there for. I have found a new found respect for Taylor and everyone putting this together. They had every nook and cranny taken care of. Cameras recording the audience and the poets, A digital camera to take pictures, a projector, and everything just fell into place. I might not have won the slam but I have another piece in the memory bank. At least I know, be ready for anything when you are participating in a Mali Production. Great time. Great People. Thanks for all the Louder Stragglers that showed up. Thanks for all the Supporters that showed up. Thank you Lenny for coming to take pictures and keeping this history of my spoken word career on track Monday.............. Cover slam and Rob Neil as Feature!!!!!!!! Peace, Love I AM GOING TO A BBQ!!!!!!!!!!!! Take care Fish >)))">

 Fear and phobias Ok, you all know that not much out there can really instill fear in my heart. I even have a poem blasting fear as a product that fails to move me. I was bullshittin you all. Some of you might know, some of you might not. I can't explain how much I am scared to death of urlLink Waterbugs . These little damned insects will have me squirming and maybe even curling into the fetal position and sucking on my big thumb. I have always availed myself as a badass. A dude can come to me with a gun and a knife and it won't phase me. He pulls out a waterbug and I will let him fuck me if he wants. I am terrified of them things!!!!!! When I was young ( 3 or 4 years old ), I lived with my parents in the typical ghetto tenement building. Old decaying walls, garbage everywhere, no real Air conditioning but a shit load of fans. My mother always used go into the kitchen and kill three or four waterbugs before starting her wifely duties of cooking for my pop. I remember on many occasions, she used to grab the waterbugs by the antenna and chase me around the house. I used to crawl under my bed where she couldn't get me and emerge about an hour later. I spent alot of my childhood under my bed. That is why I never believed in monsters under my bed, I spent more time down there then what they did. With that staunch memory being in the dome, I grew up with this fear of waterbugs that I can't shake. It has gotten so bad that I might even move if I see one in my apartment. Last night , I was talking to a friend of mines that I called back and she left a message on my machine that said she just finished killing 4 waterbugs and that she was chasing one down. I called her back and left a message and told her that I will never, ever, no way in fucking hell visit her. Don't offer me dinner, a drink, coffee or ass or three days of non-stop sex. There is absolutely nothing that will get me to her house. Matter a fact, I won't even go into her neighborhood. My moms did a number on me when I was young. She chased me around with Octopus also. Have you ever seen an Octopus getting cooked?? It looks horrid. So, she used to take it out to remove the outer skin and she chased me around with it, so, under the bed I went. It was kind cool down there sometimes. I love my moms but she is solely responsible for half the nutcase things I have done!!!! LOL. My moms is a comedian with a bad temper with a slight pshychological edge on normal people. Her idea of teaching me how to cook was making sure that I thought that cooking was like playing a game or having fun. She would challenge me to a race to who can clean their respective rooms first.Ironing was a privledge and not a chore. Sweeping and mopping was something that only " little special kids get to do ". Yea, special in that little yellow school bus type of way. So, this weekend is the 4th of July and I am not too crazy about going out but I am hitting this BBQ. Gotta get some food up in the system. I am the designated cook in the Prospect Park shindig tomorrow early. I have to call and get details. So, I hope you are all going to have fun and be safe. Remember that we still are living in some fucked up times. So, just be safe. Oh, also, SIGN THE GUESTBOOK YA BASTARDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Say something.... say you love me, want me, hate me, admire me. Say happy gay day or something.!!!!!!!!!! Peace, Love Take care, Fish >)))">

 no chances well, I am not taking any chances. I am actually writing this on Microsoft word and copying it to my blog. I cant tell you enough that this morning I got profound, political, and intellectual and my blog didnt post. I was hurt. I was going to write about it again but then, I realized that it was not worth it or maybe even meant to be. So, I am back from almost grabbing a cup of coffee with a fellow poet. I really thought that we were going to stop at least at a StarBucks and grab a cup of Joe. Sure enough, an interesting walk ending in Central Park was the start of a good conversation. Today, We touched on Slam, Poetry, Life in this scene, relationships, life, goals, endeavors, and the current situation of our lifestyle. I have been around several people and had great conversations concerning poetry. I never specifically meant with anyone just to talk about it. Today was cool. We spoke about alot concerning about ourselves in Poetry. We told each other our starts, accomplishments, loves, and future plans for poetry. A breathe of fresh air??? Hope amongst our peers? I have no clue how to start or even explain. What stuck out most in my mind was the topic of conversation of how people judge poetry by the likability (is that a wod )of the poet. A couple of months back, I was pissed over the quick across the board judgement of some peoples poetry by other people that really have no right to judge. We were on the same page that people need to have class and a certain respectful tinge. There are some people on the scene that are truly fuckin assholes but I will give them credit when credit is due when it comes down to their work. Another topic that we grazed through was the perception of certain venues. Unfortunately, she was on the money with some things but understandable enough, we work hard and that falls under the umbrella of envy of many other people. Things were said like........... write for you and the love of poetry Dont write just for the sake of slamming Write and always perform to 110% of your ability You do you The bar that you set was high, still, write and realize it for what it is worth As I write this, I have to say that I am happy that I gained a friend and I look forward in supporting them and working with them. From about the 4 hours of talking that flew by incredibly quickly, I will deem that time, formidably impressive. This morning, I posted a blog that didnt go through because it was too long. So I am just going to give you a quick overview of what I felt. As of yesterday, The New Jersey State Assembly has passed a bill eliminating and abolishing the New Jersey Poet Laureate position. Amiri Baraka was blasted in the media for reciting a poem. That poem contained this excerpt. I stress on that word Excerpt !!! Who knew the World Trade Center was gonna get bombed Who told 4000 Israeli workers at the Twin Towers To stay home that day Half of those white politicians grew a third testicle and almost died. They insisted on baraka resigning and he gave them the most emphatic finger in existence. If he would have gave them a good ol fashioned Fuck you life would have been perfect. So Amari Baraka walks in as Poet Laureate with Balls that clank and he stirs the waters. My question: Wasnt they already aware that he was known for some fiery provocative material back in the 60s? Did they expect him to be verbally shackled in what e believes in ? Were his words and literature suppose to be compromised because of his position ? You know what, he has every right to say what he wants to say. There is this small piece of parchment that the government has adopted and there is a certain section called freedom of speech. So with the double edge sword coming back at us after we swing it, are we ready to defend our stance after we speak for what we feel is our Government given right? Just give it some thought. Amaris Website: urlLink Amari Baraka Amari's Poem: urlLink Somebody blew up America Take Care Peace, Love, Fish >)))">

 FUNNY as HELL I am kinda pissed because I posted something and some bullshit happened. So, I just got this joke and I thought it was funny. Speak to you in the morning Peace Particular Merit Good life? A man appears before St. Peter at the pearly gates. "Have you ever done anything of particular merit?" St. Peter asks. "Well, I can think of one thing," the man offers. "Once, on a trip to the Black Hills, out in South Dakota, I came upon a gang of high-testosterone bikers who were threatening a young woman. I directed them to leave her alone, but they wouldn't listen. So I approached the largest and most heavily tattooed biker. I smacked him on the head, kicked his bike over, ripped out his nose ring and threw it on the ground, and told him, 'Leave her alone now or you'll answer to me.'" St. Peter was impressed. "When did this happen?" "Just a couple minutes ago."

 ok......... I posted the awesom blog and it didn't go through!!!! This shit sucks!!!!!

 ok......... uh......I am creatively shot THis morning was my first quest into writing the notes for the Monday series. I thought it was going to be easier!!! I just figured that I will be my normal self and just write about the evening before. Shit I WAS SOOOOOOO WRONG. I caught myself saying " oh oh, I can't call the crowd motherfuckers" delete. " Damn, I can say it was a " Fucking awesome " time last night ", edit. I was stuck in protocol and politically correct heaven. It sucked royal ass!!!!!!!!!! I guess that my flare and knack for writing comes at a price of " not being shackled " by societal sensitivity. So, Let me explain something to you people that have been wondering about me. I have a great tendency of hiding what I really feel and even though I am Mister happy go lucky, I could be melting on the inside. So if you read this blog and you think " Oh, he is in a good mood, let me call him and bother him " You might be wrong. Let me keep things in general for the purpose of entertainment. Last night was LouderJAM at 13. Oh man, can I tell you that everything rocked. The open Mic was incredibly heavy. 22 people were squeezed in that bitch. Don't ask me how the hell we went through 22 people. I went up there and did a collabo of my BRONX piece and I got really good feedback from people. I , for some reason wasn't feeling it. Some mics weren't working and the important parts were not heard. The audience was lost. I tried to do it as loud and strong as possible but also to keep a good anunciation thing going on. It rocked good though. Ray was loving it and he was happy with it. The feature said that my piece was his favorite of the night...... Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...............fuck it, I'm happy. Taylor came in last night and kidnapped Lynne Procope and deemed her Inappropiate. He was kinda p-noid hoping that I won't come out of no where and pummel on him. Why do people think that I am such a bad ass????? I am a nice guy. I haven't thrown nobody down a flight of stiars in a long while. I Am A NICE FUCKING GUY DAMMIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ok, went home last night and just festered in my living room. Started writing and I couldn't stop. Relationships was the topic at hand and I just couldn't help writing. All I can say......... " I'm Sorry " Gonna meet up with some people for some Poetry talk today over a cup of coffee. I feel like one of the friends cast. This Thursday is the DARK future SLAM!!!!!!!!!!! DEPENDENCE DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOL I can't wait. peace, Love take care Fish >)))">

 Who are you ?

 Two things....... My urine debacle Rich is king for a night First, I go see the Parole Peeps yesterday and I am beaming a smile across my face because I know I just have two more visits left and I am gone. So, the bitch that I see is ( excuse me to all my feminist peeps ) tries to hit me with, " We need to put you through a random drug test ". This is bullshit because my case dealt with a gun and not drugs. So, I gleefully sign my agreement and I go to the back to pee in my cup. Does my P.O have to go with me??? Nope. The old hag, whore, desititute crackhead bitch just want to push my buttons and truly tries to get a rise out of me. The wheels start turning, the mind starts clicking, the smoke protrudes from the ears..... AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! I know. I grab the cup, I start peeing. I start doing my usual " Hum as I pee " thing. I proceed to fill the cup to the very very brim with urine. I put it on her desk and she asks me " What is that? I say " It's the urine that you asked for. Did you have to fill it that much? Well, I had to go really bad. She asks me to remove some and I tell her no. She wanted urine, " Go ahead, knock yourself out ". She then puts in the " Parole Stick ". This is a stick that says if you have dirty urine ( Contaminated with drugs or whatever ). I stay in the room to make sure she doesn't do a switch on me ( I heard stories that they have switched urine). The stick doesn't change after two minutes, I am good to go. So never drinking or doing a drug in my life is aying off people. The funniest part was when I told her, " Don't waste a drop of that, I am super clean ". She was not happy. So another day of having my day brought up to another ante. I love my life. Second..... Brother Rich has won the Friday Nuyo slam. I wanted to go last night but due to forces beyond my control, I couldn't make it. He shot me an e-mail at 5am saying that he won. I knew he would do it. I am proud of that cat. He has this control of the language that stands him out. This year, he is making a team somewhere. So Rich won the NUYO and my full to the brim cup of urine was clean. I am happy. Peace Love Porkchops

 2 more visits...... ....... That is all I need. After today, I just need two more visits to my Parole officer and I am an official free man. Yea, I admit it to all of those that think I am a goodie two shoe poet. I have been on parole for the last five years paying for a crime I did commit. I am not screaming " Not guilty ". I did it ( copped a plea ) and I paid with plenty. So, after October 7th, I am going to have an " I AM FREE " blog posted that very same day. Most of my peeps ( Criminals ) say that as soon as I finish parole that I will probably get in trouble. Uh, no way in fucking hell that is going to happen. I am just going to keep writing, reading, and absorbing the incredible talent I have surrounded myself with. It is best for me to say that I had both feet submerged in the gutter. With both feet wet, I shuffled into poetry and just wrote about what has been going on in my life. It's a beautiful thing. Here is a thought. I have a criminal record and I want to teach. Would it be possible??? It is going to be hard as hell but I will be able to do something. I might not be able to teach for the Board of Education but I can outsource my services. I am teaching at Rikers again on September 19th for 16 weeks. I am taking a teacher training program to become a teaching artist. Life is getting really interesting. Shit, I am going to be in charge of two interns during the rikers Foray. That should be fun. Having two individuals that probably never even walked passed a jail. Oh well, time to go and do my thing. I am ok people, just kinda enjoying this alone time Peace, Love, Off to see the Parole man Porkchops

 I......... Despise arrogance Loathe Blatant stereotypical assumptions HATe Bias motherfuckers. Let them be white, Black, latino. They are a proverbial poision to our society. I am not in a good mood. My day started off with the possiblity of doing something that many people have never done. A friend of mines is contemplating, considering, thinking about retirement, he is 28. Don't ask beyond that. His days of renting from apartment to apartment is far behind him. So, he taps me and ask " Fish, can you do some research and check to see what is an off the hook boat ?". I oblige, I research. I learn the different types of boats and what his budget will allow. So I start picking a crusier type of boat ( Doral to be exact ). Give a take 30 feet. 30 - 40 gallons in take. Used, it can be about 60 g's. Had that and much more to spare. Get to Conneticut...... Got to CT yacht Sales, Nothing but shit!!!! Fuck the internet. Fucking dingy's and garbage boats from 89 and prior. I was heated. Then my man starts talking shit, I am about to throw him a quick stab to the neck. We start dreiving around CT looking for other options and headed into some different dealers. These people looked at us like we had three heads protruding from our ass. Did you people know that cash isn't worth shit unless a bank says it is worth something. In other words, these motherfuckers refuse to sell out right!!! We saw an awesome " eliminator " crusier for 80. I am thinking this is it, this white dude starts talking about financing and loans. I am trying to tell him it is outright. he says, let me crunch some numbers. He says it will come out to 134 g's. Motherfucker, it is 80 straight, give it up. Thing is, the bank won't get the money. Somebody would get shut out if it is brought out straight. That is the only thing that I would figure. I was heated. Even with money to spend, they still gave a hassle. Why the fuck is that ??? My day was shot to shit. We can buy trucks and cars straight, not boats. That is the conclusion. On the upside, We ate in two incredibly awesome places with seafood that made my mouth water. Seafood for breakfast and Lunch and we were too pissed for dinner. Best part of day.... Lobster for Lunch Worst part....... realizing that we still have a long way to go before we are somebody worth taking serious. That is ok, we got two more dealers to check out and our game plan is different. More details later. I'm out

 best thing............... When you are moved. When you feel something deep down inside that wants to make you move or change the world. last night after I got home, Iwas just in awe of what I just experienced. You just want to grab a pen and write down every feeling that you have. Then, turn it into poetry, and make the world read it, hear, eat it, cherish it, accept it. You know, I have been writing poetry for a LONGGGG time. I just got onto this scene about 2 years ago bootleg and 1 year official this coming November. The times that I have had under the umbrella of Poetry is really amazing me. I write in this blog and I am not going to keep it 100% poetry because my life doesn't flow that way. I still know that is is a huge part in my life and it has quickly become one of my favorite parts. I have always had a huge complex that I will never be good enough to hold it down in this field. That I will never be good enough to be one of those " awesome " writers. I never had any dreams of books, chapbooks, nationals. I just wanted to write a good poem, read it on the mic, and maintain that happiness. Being involved in the administrative aspects of poetry is hard. I want to write all the time and get better at what I do. I want to read and learn everything there is to know about Poetry, Life, and believe it or not, my history. What made me this way is huge to what I write. I am a Strong Puerto Rican man. What has made me strong?? My grandparents that fought to get their land. In my father seeing that struggle, he has always told me to fight. I fight for what is righteous. I fight for what I deserve. I deserve knowledge to make me a better human being. I want to sit down on a stoop with some young kids and tell them about the History that I have learned. I am not a " part " of history. Waht happens in my time period doesn't make me, I will always feel what happens before my time is what made me stronger. Maybe others will get stronger by seeing what has given me this drive to learn, write, focus, and maybe even love. Life is good to me right now. Seven fingers on a keyboard, two fingers around a pen, a mind soaking up life, my heart growing everyday. For all you suckers out there, thanks Peace, Love, Pork Chops Fish

 how??? How can I even start...... ......... there is no correct way to even describe how I feel. I am tired but I have to get this feeling down before a good night's sleep erases the hurricane of emotions running uncontrolled through gated veins. Tonight was Acentos and our Feature of " Louis Reyes Rivera ". I don't care about the flow of the night, the people, nor the hosting. I just want to convey this and this only. Louis reyes Rivera brought everyone at Acentos to their feet. He got the first and only standing ovation at Acentos. He trekked us through history, culture, personal experiences, tribulations, all under the umbrella of Poetry. Just hearing his genuine words of experience and craft has left me in awe. Speechless and dumbfounded I stood there seeing such an awesome array of words, format, delivery, content, context. Then, after his set, we stood outside as he mesmerized us with tidbits of knowledge. Books that we should read, things that we should know. Until the day that I see " Jimmy Santiago Baca " perform in front of me, Mr Rivera has garnered my full fledged support and admiration. Another day of awesome Poetry. Another sucessful Acentos. I am content. I am happy. I am the luckiest motherfucker on this face of the planet. Life is good, Fish

 Greatness comes from family......... ......... I say this because last night was that commonality amongst poets that gave us that fervent feeling of family. Jayme, Jai, and Rich took the uppercase and made it special. It was the best thing that I saw in a long time. I think all three of them explored new work and mixed in old work. All three sets were perfect. I am proud to call these three friends, supporters, and poets. Featured Poets at that!!!! This will be a great week concerning " the word ". Tonight is Acentos I am really looking forward to it. Soemthing about Louis Reyes Rivera that is making me all antsy. It kinda feels like I am seeing a legend perform tonight. Also, this is something that Oscar and I put together and we are doing nothing but great things. Thanks to the hard work that is being put in, life is good to Acentos. Last night after leaving the Bar 13 after my first hosting jaunt, I felt kinda funny. I am trekking this walk that I never knew would be possible. I walked into 13 two years ago and see this dude hosting and I get up there and I read this small piece. I get off and he asked me if it was my first time. He showed me this love that was integrel in me becoming a " poet ". Then, last night, I got to introduce him. It felt like full circle and I wanted to give this spiel. Yet, being the responsible " host " that I tried to be, I just introduced and kept on walking. I always say, if the host was an asshole, I would have never gone back. Introducing him last night was easily one of the best feelings of the evening. " Thanks for being real nigga" Sidenote: Serious drama on Hot 97 right now. They actually just had a fight on the air. Back to business....... Went to eat last night and had a good burger. It wasn'y the same as our usual water hole but it was ok. Had a good conversation with Marty and Guy. Spoke some business with Roger and I want to get things out of the way. I am not trying to put things off until I am swamped. Life is good and I need to keep it that way. Had a more " getting to know you " talk with MC Siegal. Another partaker in the blog madness. It feels weird when you meet people you barely know and they are reading your blog. I guess I should appreciate it more then anything else. Well, Tomorrow would be an Acentos update. After that........ I am taking Thursday and Friday off and who knows where my feet will take me. I had a great time yesterday and I really have to thank all of you for making it special. If it wasn't for ya, it would have been shit. Note: leave you e-mail and comments in the guestbook. Peace, Love, Porkchops

 Coming down from my high....... Yes people, I have reached another high in Poetic hijinks. A nice sucessful evening of hosting the Bar 13 stage for the uppercase feature. I felt really good about everything and kept a good flow to the evening. I just kept things steady and as usual, the place did it's own job. I got my " good works " from several people and I was happy. So, in slaying this savage beast, not too many jobs will seem too hard. Let me get to bed. Peace

 Why sooo early?...... ........... cable companies all suck royal eggs. I tell you that someone, somewhere in a galaxy really not that far away has the mental apititude of a newt. They always give the best movies at the worst fucking times. Since I don't sleep, it doesn't bother me, yet, how about all the people that fall asleep early and never have the opportunity to see great flicks. This morning, I woke up about 5am and I was all pissy that I woke up that early. It is too early to watch porn, ok, I saw that movie already!!! sO i START FLICKING. Not me, the remote. Sure enough, they were giving the urlLink The Sandlot !! I loved this movie. It was a cute movie about some young kids playing baseball and they fall into some mischief trying to get a baseball back from a backyard with the biggest dog in the west coast. It was a funny movie. It was a cute movie. It was one of those guilty pleasure flicks that we won't admite we like but deep down inside, we love e,. Kinda like women and porn. They won't admit they watch them, but they have about 5 under the bed. With that being said " LEnny , CAN I HAVE MY MOVIES BACK?". So, I had a great weekend. Good quiet Sunday of nothing but just cable and relaxation. I needed one of those, leave me alone days. It always feels good to just be left alone ( Downtime ). Tonight is my first offical foray into the hosting ring of Bar 13. IT is the Uppercase of Rich, Jai, and Jayme. I am so happy for them. All three are awesome poets and I can't think of anyone else that deserves it more then these three. I am hosting to make sure that this night remains their night. I always had that small resentment that my night was killed. No reason will be given but I always felt that it wasn't " just " for the uppercase. It is all thrown to the wind. I am happy for them and I am seeing them growing and doing their thing. So, I hope all its well, Peace, Love, Porkcops. Fish

 Just 40 miles............ I think the best thing in the world is when you decide to go somewhere you never have been to. Something different, something new. After coming off like a bandit and not paying for the repair of my phone, the gas peddle and me bonded and I caught my feet trekking around Bear Mountain. The ast time I was there, I was about 3 years old. I really can't remember much from that far back so I tried to soak up enough of everything when I was there. The lake was pretty nice and I had a good time just looking at the people enjoying themselves. They rent these boats and non-nautical folks get on them and make fools of themselves. A nice walk around the lake and back into the hooptie. When I was leaving, there was a scenic view route that I wanted to explore. Drove up the road and it took us to the top of the mountain. This view from up there was incredible. Incredible for the fact that something so beautiful can be so close to NYC. I could see NYC from the top of the mountain and it made me think that no matter how big NYC is, it is really so small compared to this. The writer in me almost took over and I started thinking about all the gorgeous nuances from that view. The hills falling into each other. The shades of green's pitching a battle to over come each other.The sky laying on top of the mountain as a beautiful woman caressing a silk bed. It was just mind blowing. Spontaneous moments in life prove to be the best for me. Just get up and go and wonder where you will be in a few hours drive. I ate some shrimp yesterday and it was ok. The restaurant was pretty decent ( the suggestion from Tom himself ). I had a Shrimp Fra diavalo, Lenny had a Shell steak on a seasoned steak. It had seasoning up the wazoo but it was ok. Funny thing, when I was taking Lenny home and as soon as I got to drop her off, I had to use the bathroom. You know that Fish has the weakest buttcheeks in NYC. When I have to use the bathroom, I have to GO!!!!!! I ate 4 lights and barely made it home. I need more fiber in my diet. Ok, time to bounce Porkchops

 More Dreams............ Good Morning people. I am here giving you a Saturday Morning entry. My day today entails me going to an At&T store to get my fuckin phone fixed. Of corse, me fiddling with the phone, I screwed it up. I should have just left it alone. So, now I need $25 dollars for a new SIM card. Life is biting. So, hopefully after I get it fixed, I could have a constructive day. I need some relaxation and get away time. That trip from Chicago has really given me this itch to start taking vacation. So I am thinking that if everything stay steady with no drama, I could take one. My man Wil went to the Dominican republic to an all inclusive resort with even flight included for $700. Sounds good to me. I need to start living my life again. I got some serious stuff going on from Septemeber on until April. Alot of work and organizing. After that, I am doing my own thing. Shit, I might even take a sabbatical like one of my boys in the Louder Organization is thinking about doing. All this better give me points into heaven. " God, I know I have been a bad motherfucker, I hope that you can give a brotha some slack. Tell Peter that when I get there, I worked hard to do my things righteous " Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Why does the brain work when we are sleeping??? Seriously, what's the purpose of having dreams?? Why even bother working when you are supposed to be resting?? I have these retarded dreams that leave me in cold sweats. Then, you wake up all sweaty and nasty and then get pissed because it's a dream. Last night, I was dreaming that I was in my parents house sleeping over. Two people decided to break in and I had my way with them. My dad wakes up and see's me getting rid of evidence. Instead of his usual beefing, he helps me and mentions great ways to get rid of it. Now, you know this is bullshit because my Dad is such a straight arrow that he never even had a drink in public. Don't ask me where this bad streak in me derived from. Back to the dream, the cops for some reason started knocking on the door ( the arrogant, hard, " let us in " type of knock " ). I proceed to jump out the window with one of the bodies and decide to tie the remains to a van that was traveling down the highway. Seriously, where did all this come from?? I got home last night and I was in bed sleeping like a baby at 9:30pm. No horror movies, killings, shootings, news, sex, porno, nothing. I wake up relieved but pissed that this was even in my head. I need to really seek therapy or something. So, what is planned this weekend?? Nothing big really. Maybe part two of Eric's Bachelor party. The guys from his job are going to take him out and he has invited me. Shit, I don't mind. It can't be worse then what we did. We are sooooo going to hell after that party. I am just relaxing and doing some work on the Rikers Freshstart program that will be starting again. I have to talk to Roger to get a syllabus ( lesson Plan for the 18 weeks ). This way, whomever wants to teach certain things, they can just look at the plan and attend. More planning, more work, just enough reward. Life is good. Time to bounce....... Peace, Love Porkchops Fish

 What we had............. 1 bottle of Jose Cuervo Tequila to get the hubby to be ( Bachelor ) fucked up Sammy's restaurant Three cars 1 car crash 4 strippers Bacardi ( Half which was thrown into the fish tank to try and get the fish drunk and it wasn't my idea ) Corona some illecit activity ( think the song.............. " white lines " ) Bacahata Music Drama Amongst strippers Bachelor tired as hell 5am Breakfast no sleep So...... Let me open this closet ( EEEEEEEEEEeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeekkkkkkkkkkkkk ) Insert more skeltons hmmmph, barely enough room Close door ( slam!! ) What happens in those parties stays in those parties. Excuse me while I go kill myself. Porkchops

 Read, read, read............ The first thing I did when I was inducted into the LOuderARTS project was go through every single archive entry. I was searching for any genuine comments on me as a poet, performer, and person. The one thing that I read and till this day, changed my life as a poet, ............ " Fish has sooo much potential, if he picks up every poetry book and just reads as much as possible ". Wow, I took that and started reading, reading and reading. At first, I hated it because I was reading books that were not interesting in the least. Then, Baca came into play. Diaz, Taylor, chapbooks. Then , I realized that poetry books come in all shapes, forms and sizes. I started reading poetry and Bio's of the Latino ( primarily Boriquas ) on the internet. I never realized that there is such a long line of Puerto Rican poets throughout our history. I think it is a good thing that things were said in reference to me. It made me a better man. Ok, time to go, I spent most of my morning reading blogs and some were really long today. urlLink Oscar's blog is pretty good today. He finally got to update it and it is worth your time. Also, urlLink Rich updated his blog from Florida. He is uppercasing next week and it is going to be crazy. I can't wait.. Time to bounce. Take care Peace, Porkcops Fish >)))">

 Time is a luxery Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh................ yes................. that ol thing called time. I wonder who ever had the time to literally measure time. It is just weird the way it all gets broken down. Anyway. not the point. I am tired today, does this surpise you??? I was the first one wanting to get home early and still got home late. Food talking and this awesome card game taht we started playing last night. It made it for one of those interesting evenings. I didn't have much time to write today. I was rather shitted on with work today. So my day is busy...... time to go Peace, Love, Pork Chops Fishdawg

 > Nationals pics of the crew and yahoo s Ok, I got some acess to some pics ( THanks to Marty sending out the crazy shout out. Just clcik on the link and when you get to the page, hit next and you will see all the pics of that person. urlLink Sassy!!!!!!! urlLink Moonshine urlLink Marty urlLink Tai The next batch is of the Struggle man himself with over God knows how many pics they took of him. The photog had to be a stalker or a Roger groupie!!!!! urlLink Roger urlLink Lynne Don't even ask how she got into the mix. urlLink Cassie Gotta love the short guy!!!!!!!!!!!! urlLink Oscar Who be this???? urlLink Rich and dem Interesting pic urlLink Taylor

 I know, I know........... .......... I should be in bed. I will be the first one complaining tomorrow that I am tired but, I have to enter this blog because I will forget how I feel If I don't. Well, I was home flicking through some channes and I came across channel 10 giving some interesting stuff. The topic of the old documentary was " abortion ". Ah yes, I will take a chance and write about this topic and have some friends maybe even disown me. Aren't I entitled to my opinion??? Anyway, when I flicked on the channel, thye were showing the in's and out's of abortion. How forcips are used to crush the skull of the fetus. How the white brain matter gushes out when the skull is crushed. depending on the term length of the preganancy, then everything is scraped out (remains ) from the uterus. If the term is very far along, pieces of arms, legs and whatever else that is left is then taken out. Some doctors were interviewed and they mainly were scarred by years of " 35 a day Abortions " that they performed. This one doctor said that he performed over 10, 000 abortions. First thing going through my mind is , that is some shit. Technically, not even some wars have our best soldiers killed over 10, 000 people. Now, here is what I think........... Some babies are born premature at 5 months and with neo natal care, they survive with a pretty high success rate. So, anything after 5 months, let's just say is null and void. So an abortion before 5 months is still murder of a life?? Well, I think so. I am going to go out on a limb and say that as soon as pregnancy kicks in and you decide to have an abortion, you are taking a life. Fucked up as it sounds, I understand in some situations, it is warranted. Still , it is a hard and maybe the hardest thing a person has to go through. Would I ever condone or even go through it with another, unfortunately, I say yes. I say it's murder and wrong but things have to be done. Right now, my significant other is har core against it. This is why all steps are being taken to ensure that accidental preganancy does not happen. I am at a crossroad at my life and kids at this time, major no no. I know alot of people that have gne thrugh it and I have been there 100% of the way. Shit, I even have helped out some people with it financially. Soes this make me a bad person??? I have contributed to a process which in turn will remove a human life from existing. Well, you know what people??? Buying that one drink for the road, that bag of weed, a steak for that morbidly obesed freind of yours is all contributing to someone's death. Let it be instant or over time. We are all guilty of it at some time. Abortions are one of the many necessary evils that are here and like it or not, I don't see an end to them in my lifetime. If society was better informed about contraceptives and other methods ( not fucking ) , abortions wouldn't be that much of an issue. who is the perfect candidate for an abortion ? Well, what do you think ??? If my girl gets pregant and I was scared to have a child, is it right to get one? maybe not......... If my girl was gang raped by 4 strangers and she got pregant, would it be right then??? Let 's get technical, she would most likely be in the hospital and she would get the RU-486 ( morning after pills ) and he wouldn't get pregnant. Yet, would it be right. Should I or her be subjected to a lifetime of memories from a horrible moment in life by raising this child. I know I know, it is a child and love will cure all. well, bullshit, you will remember , like it or not, that you were raped and thrown into an emotional blender everytime you look at this child. I do know, that it is the women's choice and she will do whatever she wants to do. I would lean towards having one if things were to go down that route now. That is just me. Then again, that clock is ticking and I need to make moms a granny. She is harassing me. So it all just depends people I don't know....... Well, I am going to work Take care Peace, Love, porkchops

 BBQ and grass skirts What do you get when a crazy man has access to a grass skirt and Hip hop?? Simple, a crazy man danicng hip hop in a grass skirt. So, the suprise Bridal Luao for my dawg Eric and his wife to be was awesome. Plenty of food, plenty of drink, plenty god vibes. I had an awesome time. We got there early and my skills on the BBQ was put into effect quick. I got the food ready and had to escape at two o'clock for a feature at Mindbuilders which was pretty cool. I truly got there and featured and ran but I had to do some serious bonding time with my dawg Eric. This is going to be a hard week. Be well folks Gotta run Peace Porkchops

 Blah blah blah LOL This is the morning consensus of my ritualistic awakening. I slept pretty good yesterday considering that I went to bed at 2am. I woke up around 8am and now I have to go get some things ready for a BBQ. I took care of everything last night that I need for today and once again, I leave no stone unturned. Sometimes I suprise myself at how prepared I get for shit. I got some big things coming up in Nov and next spring.Let's just say taht next spring, my name will definitely be very well known throughout the poetry community. When you do one thing and run with it, people gain faith in you. No one expects any less. Time for me to go BBQ Hasta Pasta Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 I need a chap book/strong> I have a feature tommorrow for the mindbuilders organization and all my poetry is stuck at my job. It is not a slam gig so I have the opportunity to read my more laid back stuff. I am off to my job right now after Eric picks me up. Hopefully, I'll be able to get my stuff and even more, let the gods of electricity bless my building. Have a great weekend I am off to beddy bye Peace Porkchops

 Can you see?? If not, You better get a flashlight. If you are reading this, you have lived through the " Black out of 2003 ". Yes folks, another blackout to stricken NYC and plunge it into darkness. LOL I got home yesterday and believe it or not, it wasn't that bad. Sleeping sucked but, all was well. I stood around outside my apartment just chillin in the cool evening breeze. I had my trusty maglight and that thing is the BOMB!!! I was trly shining light into people apartment at any given minute. They weren't upset, they needed light. What was the best part of this blackout??? When I was outside, I was looking up at my apartment and I glanced up into the sky. Oh man, the stars were incredible. Thousands of stars in the sky that were not drowned out by the lights of NYC. I always liked lookng up at stars. Gives you that peaceful blanket of....... " everything is alright ". I didn't have a computer, e-mail, phone, lights, or even food in my fridge. I did have a candle and " healing Earthquakes " by Jimmy Santiago Baca. It gave me a whole new appreciation for the great poet that he is. Well, I hope that all the masses are ok. You all be well. I am off. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Fighting my own demons....... Yea yea yea....... I know it sounds like an old metaphor but it is true in my case. Forgive me for being kinda sensitive, I just have some things in my mind that I need to either erase or accept. Right now, I am not leaning towards either direction. Last night was a great night, I didn't do anything at all. No poetry, No reading, no writing. I was just in my house enjoying the fact that nothing was on my agenda. This was a great thing. I was watching the news last night and a story broke that Amari's Baraka's ( Desposed Poet Laureate of NJ ) daughter was found murdered. I don't know why this bother me. A couple of weeks ago, Yousef Kommonyaka's ( Forgive spelling ) wife killed her child and committed suicide. It makes me wonder why are these bad things happening to these poets. I have been around death for a long time. My best friend was shot 6 times with a 45 back in 1991 and from there on end, it all steamed rolled. One after the other, friends that I grew up with were dying. Then, the unthinkable, I became numb to death. I became so unsensitive at hearing that someone was killed that it bothers people around me. Understand, From the top of my head......... Freddy ( killed ) Steve ( killed ) White Boy ( killed ) Kevin ( killed ) Harry ( suicide) Pupi ( killed ) George ( killed ) Louie ( killed ) Charlie ( killed ) Nelson ( killed ) Angel ( killed ) Orlando ( killed ) Tony ( suicide ) Mark ( suicide ) Boogie ( killed ) Shane( killed ) Tico ( killed ) Jerome ( suicide ) Jose ( killed ) Nelson ( killed ) This was off the top of my head and still, there are the people of aquaintance that are no longer with us. I don't know. Death has always been a weird thing for me. I have tried to accept it but now, I always feel that small bout of sadness within me. I have always felt like a loser, so my life could have ended and I wouldn't have cared. Then, I find poetry. I guess taht I have something worthy to look forward to. All these people that have and will die are somebody with a niche in life. They left behind friends, family, lovers, parents. Then the mourning starts and the battle cries of tears will steadily stream through reddened cheeks. I really don't want people to mourn when I die. My best friend Eric says that I know tooo many people to have a regular funeral. I guess he will figure that out when I die then. Since I am dead, not much for me to do but lay there. Ok... " When I die, don't mourn me guys. Talk and laugh and remember everything about life. Remember that I tried my best to keep everything righteous. Remember how everytime I walk with you all down the street that I was overtly the protector in the crowd. I would fight to the end to protect my friends that I loved. Remember that I worked 100% at everything that came my way. From Poetry, to friendships, to love, I am giving it 100%. Remember my love of life, my love of honesty, loyalty. Remember what made me laugh. Remember my favorite poem. Remember me when I told you when I was alive, I will always be with you. If you read this, I have touched you. I don't have to be dead to say that you are a part of my life and that I cherish you. I tell you when I am happy and healthy and I am not afraid to say that you are family. So Eric...... " a two day wake and spread my ashes in the Bronx and Puerto Rico. Outside Acentos, Outside 13, and spread me in Cabo Rojo Puerto Rico. Right over the cliff at " El Faro " :) It is all love Peace Porkchops

 Wednesday 5 Here is something of interest....... Answer these in your own respective blogs to create a forum amongst us Advice 1 What is necessarily good advice? 2 When is it warrented, or overly abrasive??? 3 Is your advice the best advice you can give when others are clearly more qualified to give theirs? 4 When is advice just that or when is advice teetering on controlling? 5 Are advice tidbits nothing more then just " your opinion "? Porkchops

 Life is a bowl of fun I am Fish, I am the inventor of blogging. I am the 2004 blog champion. Life is sucking right now.

 Rest and normalcy Is normalcy even a word. I always catch myself doing a Dubya Bush and making up words. You don't even know if they exist but you sure as hell use them. I caught muself reading the blogs of most of the poets that attended Nationals and it is quickly proving that everyone is veering in different directions. Everyone had a great time but some " hate" on poetry is coming out as we speak. I always wondered who gives anyone the right to call other people's work " Wretched ". Does this mean that you consider your work better then theirs??? What if someone calls your work " incredibly profound " at one minute and then it is called " wretched " the next? Where would you stand ? I have always had this aweful disdain for people that will depricate other people's work. This makes me feel as if they feel their work is know all, best all of poetry. Don't get me wrong, some people have great poetry but I still don't find them in the right to call anybody's else's work " Wretched " . Let's call this note.... I am a big dude with several hard fought street fights under my belt. Would I go around telling other people that their street style of fighting sucks because I am better at it??? Nope. If you like to kick, go for it, If you like to wrestle, go for it. If you are a street punching freestyler, go for it. I won't demean your style because that is what works for you. IF I don't like it, even though I might feel I am better at MY style of fighting, I will not belittle yours. I remember several months back, I got fed up at someone talking shit about others people poetry. I have always said, there is a difference between critical analysis of poetry and down right Diva hating. I could take an honest critical edit of my poem and use it to better me as a writer. Just remember, I am writing for me to better me. I am not taking a critique to edit a poem to sound like you. Last night at 13 was cool. It was mello as fuck because we were all dead and had no energy. The open mic was the usual mix of old and new with even me reading a poem. The slam was even better because my newly minted poetic brethren of Rich has won his first slam. I am extremely proud of him. I knew that he was going to win. I told him the day before that no one can even remotely come close to him. Even though Mahogany brown slammed, I knew that Rich had enough substance and content to take her out. He kept it genuine and real. I remember when Oscar slammed at the Nuyo and Mahogany Killed everyone that night. So Rich did his thing and I am happy. I almost came close to slamming but I can't do it right now. Just because someone is needed, I am not getting thrown into the mix. When I slam it will be because I will do it at 100% and at my call. Lynne called it best " Fish baby, don't ever slam if you don't want to ". So, Rich has his first win and it is all good. He gets three point towards the semi finals and he will do his thing as only " he " wants to. Write to write and you do you. Time for me to go. I have to post some upcoming events with Manny Xavier, Lynne Procope, and The Culture Bandit herself. Peace, Love, Pork chops Fish

 Get loud, Be strong Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh.................... I am back in the sanity of my office just writing to my hearts content. I have updated but not to the point where I have felt that it was quality. I am sorry for that guys. I was just star struck by soooo much at nats. The ride yesterday was incredible and I feel that me and my roadtrip brethren got just " a little bit closer ". No drama, No hate, no gossip, just good conversation and reflection on a purely genuine experience. I have a new respect for all of them. Thank you I figured that there is sooooooooooo much more to poetry then one has thought. Even after all the great poets I have heard, there is still more. A piece of me sees too much " I have been Oppresed" poetry. So to be different, I stay away from that. I always have felt that my " coming into my own " has been my own distinctive voice and style. IT is me and all me that makes me. I feel great and I am looking forward to what is in store for me, and also and my Louder Family. Gotta run, Peace, Love, Pork chops Fish

 . Chapter might close Here is the point where I have been waiting for. 14 hour car ride was great and then some. I would put some more here but I need to shower and chill. I will write more about our nationals experience later on. I will say this. The pleasure of driving out there with three great people makes the ride much easier. Thank you guys. You all truly are something special. Take care folks I am good.

 We are still true champions Today were the finals at the Navey pier. Of course, I was rooting for the Nuyorican with every ounce of support that I could give them. It was a strong bout pitting the nuyo against L.A, Austin, Oakland. The poetry was pretty solid ( performance wise ) throughout. The last piece ( group ) that came out of L.A was crazy as fuck. I can't fault anybody today. The Nuyo gave it hard and I am proud to say that " Them is my niggas ". Julian Curry, Carlos Gomez, Jive Poetic, Hostage, all are certainly lucky to have carried the NYC name to a finals bout. They took that name and made sure that they were cemented in the bout. Felice Belle, Karen Jamie, Anacaona ( who will feature for us on Tuesday @Acentos ) and every one of the entourage with them, it was a pleasure. I look forward to the next steps and endeavors in seeing these poets grow as individuals and grow as writers. Write to write. Write for you. Write from you. The points are not the point, the point is the Poetry. Oh wait, that is taken!! Ok ok ok...... Point is, we are all writers and we are all family through word. My door will always be open. I am off to pack NYC is calling me!!! I need a real chinese food place fuckin bad! Peace

 This is what Afrodeus says I have heard I have been touched Poets with Pens that are ejaculating revolution with bleeding hearts funneling the very same pen " I be "poems " Poetry was around before slam" poems " Break up " poems Love poems, fat poems, hate poems, Poems about wanting to be a dragonfly Wanting to be........ to what they are poems Diversity brought to a new meaning Gothic punks Philipino rappers White boy battlers Tall, short, fat, round, all colors , all creeds, all skills and craft Today, I have realized, we are all one No hate, no gossip Love of the word poetry Poetry ruling the world Poetry a savior amongst suicides Groups pieces standing hairs at attention next level readings from new found friends Emotions running......... to hard to explain Chicanos respected Sisters with soul loving White folks my muses Venues packed finals ticking 4 teams to battle for the national crown To me there are no losers to me there are no winners only poets A family of thousands the unequivacol reality that you are loved for how you see how you write how you perform how you changed that life got that nod made friends touched lives cried alone cried with friends cried as you wrote that extra poem just for you you realize you are a poet the closest to being perfect This is what Afrodeus says

 Should this be my time to sum it up??? Well, I am back in my room and should I even start to sum my nationals experience up? Nahhhh....... simple enough people, it is not the end. I think I have finally found my new begininng. The experience at nationals and all the people I have met has given me more then what I would have thought. I have seen poets that have blown my world. I have seen poets that as humble as can be. I have nothing bad to say about this trip. I do have stories about bullshit that I have seen. I still have nothing bad to say. I am taking to NY stories and memories that will give me solid poetry for the next 12 months. Tomorrow is finals and the Nuyo has made it and I will support a fellow NYC venue without question. We will be there with voiceboxes prepared and hands warmed!!!

 this alone was worth it.... I can't tell you the energy and emotions that were running through the Filter ( bar ). Lat night was Vancouver, Hollywood, vs Nuyorican. Holy shit " went through my mind several times over. Hollywood went up and dropped the opening group piece to the tune of a 29.8. I can't tell you how it was going to go after that. THe energy took off and it was crazy after that. In the standing room only crowd, we lucked out and got some seats ( Oscar's is a fuckin genius ) and we were right in the middle of the room. Nuyo went up and they fucking killed it. Carlos killed it. Julian killed it, Jive poetic killed it!!!!!!! Jive ( perfect 10's across ), Julian ( perfect 10's ). Just to see this element get taking up to another level, it has given me something that I can't put on this blog. Eventually, I might find the proper words. As of now, I am still overwhelmed. I was speaking to Roger and I got kinda sensitive yesterday Not only has everyone of these people are proving to be great friends, I am learning soo much from them. Roger slammed with a poem that he just wrote two weeks ago and did incredible. Lynne made soooo many people cry yesterday when she did her poem. Literally, women were crying in the audience. That is Poetry. That is the power of words.!!! THis experience out here is proving to be the best decision I have ever made in my life. Tonight are the semi-finals. So much poetry and not even close to an overload. Oh, and tonight I am actually reading. YEAH BABY!!!!!!!!!! Peace

 Finally, some time 7am and I finally got some time. Last night, I was running on empty. 9:45pm and I had no energy. With no energy, this ran in tandom with very low tolerance. I wasn't going to stick around being tired. So, my good bye's were said and I was back in my room at 10pm. I had some food and hit that bed like a little baby. So, before my nappy nappy time. I was headed out to catch some of the bouts. Funny was me walking to the chopin theater and then walking down milwalkee ave to the other venues. Now, here is the funny part, The walk was about 45 mins to an hour. I thought it was close and that shit was way too far. Thing is, when I was coming back, the short cut , cut out about 35 mins from my trip. so, life is good that my room is this close to all the venues. Last night, I got to see Providence win their first prelim bout. St Louis also took their first prelim. After that, I know nothing. Today, I am trying to catch the cover slam and some of the other goodies they have going on. Let me bounce Too much to do and my day barely started. PEace

 ROAD TRIP Antics!!! So much to write and no time at all. The road trip setled well, 13 hours with three stops and we made it to Chi-town. First rest stop: Edward wants to scare us but put his face against the wrong vehicle. Seve lost his sammich and stripped searched everyone Cassey Angley wants her medicine and goes into the wrong car. I pointed her to a different car again and she tries to search it. Opening cermonies were ridiculous. All walks of life in different shapes and sizes. The team seems happy and in good spirits. 8pm and I have been up for 36 ours straight after my 10 hour trek to this place that looks exactly like New York. Saw Marc Smith up close, he is old. Saw Bowerbird, he is fat. Gotta run, I need sleep

 Rocky is still alive I have to make this quick. Last night, we all headed to the local diner bar that we all always eat at. I was shocked to see what Maria did last night. We walk in and the waitress ask us all what we would like to drink. She was very sweet and extremely cordial. Maria Asked for a Diet Coke and the waitress politely say that there is none available, Maria gets up and says " What " ????????. I want my diet coke, the poor defenseless waitress was scared and tried to walk away but Maria grabbed a book of Rich's Poems and swings it wildly and gives the poor little defenseless waitress a black eye. Then, Maria stand over the pron body of the waitress and says, " You go to the store accross the street and get me my Diet Coke Bitch ". The waitress gets up and runs into the bathroom crying. She brought Maria a Diet Coke from the ladies Bathroom and Maria drank it. I never knew they had soda fountains in Bathrooms. Ewwwwwww LOL Just joking. Maria did give a waitress a black eye though. LOL Peace I am off to Chi-town!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Peace, Love, fuck the bulls!!!

 I have NOThinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng.......... LOL... or................. SEXXXXXXXXXXXXxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx........... Ok ok ok, yesterday was the LouderJAM portion of of Synonymus ( or anonymous as the studio wrote it ). A good group of straggelers made it to the studio in tow with instruments, poems, vocals and exposed boobs. Ooops, did I say that ? Sorry. Just something about an exposed cleavege just makes me drool. Anyway, Ray " the sensitive one" Daniel Medina tugged, towed, carried, dragged, all the equipment from the comforts of home to make this thing work. Sure enough, another evening of top notch improv collaborations. This time, the studio even had horns to blow. Scott blowing his melodic creating breathe into a pantie dropping saxophone. Obona impressing my most pessimistic and unimpressible hater with skills on a trombone. A trombone people!!!!! She pulled out a trombone ad rocked out Vaudeville style. Several moments made for great poetry, others made for great music. My moment went for people half assing it through and my piece proved stronger then the music. That kinda sucked royal ass. Yet, I still had a great time. Did I mention that I am staying home today ???? Yes, I said fuck work and I am going to stay home and count over 300 playboy magazines that I wanted to auction off tonight, what do you all think??? I should lug in those Playboys to pawn off for money for the team. Leave your two cents n the guestbook. Oh, last night was Farbeon's venue of " Password " was a slight treat. The sensitive one had a feature there and the mule was packed and off to Route 85A we went. Thank the Parking Gods for letting me find a parking spot right in front of the venue. So, it was different. The venue has a very intimate setting. The lights are low and one thing i did love, guns painted on the wall. Glocks and sigs used as decorative tid bits around the bar. I did love that. Once again, the freestyle aspect of it didn't do it for me. I have nothing against it but I have gotten so used to going to venue's and just hearing poetry, that it is hard for me to hear people freestyle their rap. Then, I grew up with Peter Guns and lord Fariq, Chadio, Fat Joe, Pun , and a serious caucaphony of underground rappers that make heads spin. So, in seeing some freestyle that is Off the hook, it is hard to impress me. Regardless, we all did our thing. Oscar, Obona, Jai, Rich, Omri shined on the microphone. It was a little bit loud at the back and it had my nerves kicking in overdrive but I got up there and just did what I had to do. Good venue, great potential to have it packed with standing room only. I met up with some Urban poets taht I salmmed with several months back. It is always good to make a connect. I was happy, I sold a 5 past 13 CD and that makes 12. Yea BABY!!!!!!! If I could sell 18 before Tuesday, that would make my goal of 30 before nats. So, everything is good and my days will be spent taking care of my stuff to head to nats. I have to pack and make sure that I have everything for this 12 hour drive. I am looking forward to this beyond all the imagination that I could ponder. Ok, I have nothing really more to write but I will construct a good bye blog to post before my trips begins. Ok, folks, take care and be safe. Peace, Love, Chuletas con papas Fish

 Clash of the Fish I won't write it, I won't. Anyway, I woke up this morning and I clicked on the TV and I see..... urlLink Clash of the Titans!!!! . This movie rocked on so many levels. I was never a fan of Greek mythology I always thought and then I had a revelation after I saw this movie this movie. Shit, I should really start studying about all these crazy monsters, myths, Gods, and mythical creatures. There was a part on the movie where the Goddess Thetis has a son ( calibos ) and Zeus ( the head God ) threw this curse on him. He turned him into this devil swamp thing mix. So Calibos has a thing for Princess Andromeda and he kept on giving her these retarded riddles that no suitor could solve.Only the suitor that could solve the riddle could get into Andromed's toga thong. Until Perseus went into this swamp after Andromeda and realized that Calibos was the one keeping suitors away. Of Course, Perseus hormones is buggin out because Andromeda is hot and he really wants to tap that ass. Heehee, I had to get ghetto. Perseus fights Calibos and chops off his hand. He goes back to suit Andromeda and solves the riddle because it was the ring that Calibos wore that no one ever saw, that was the riddle. Calibos prays to his mother ( the Goddess thetis ) to make the people of Joppa Pay. Perseus and Andromeda are about to be wed in matrimonial bliss ( with permission from that old bastard the Pope because they are not GAY!!, oh God, I just left the point) Then in the Sanctuary of the Goddess Thetis, the statues head crumbles off. It speaks and says that the Andromeda has to be sacrificed to the Krakken ( Godzilla's little brother with a temper ) in 30 days untouched by man. Oh shit, she might die and never get touched by the Perseus man meat. After that, everything just got better. Medusa has Issues Medusa made a cameo appearance and even gratuitously killed two dudes. One was harpooned by an arrow, the other was turned to stone. Perseus of course prevailed and chopped Medusa's head off. Giant scorpions attacking the camp at night made for interesting skeeving of my nerves. A two headed dog was comic relief as perseus shiskabobs him with an awesome sword I might add. Flying metallic Gold Owls, Pegasus the flying horse that never once took a shit during the movie. A helmut that made perseus invisible. Three witches that had a craving for human flesh. Hot chics in toga's. The movie was awesome. It toggled and switched on the imagination that I love so dearly. I walked to work wondering what type of Mythical creature I would like to be. Would I be my own creature ?? I always liked the Half man half horse. Knowing me, I would be half man , half Fish. Kinda like Aqua man. Oh oh, I am going into the relms of " comic bookdom ". I am not doing it because I am in no way, shape, or form, an authority on that. Anyway. I am out, Folks, have a great safe weekend. Get laid, Swallow, drink, Party tonight that I will not attend at Ginna's Isle's Poetry reading tomorrow at Bowery that I won't be at neither. I will be at the LouderJAM sunday to Rock out with Ray with a song in tow. Peace, Love, Chuletas con BBQ!!!! Fish

 Things that I like to think about..... How many men do Porn Stars go through...... Why are most of my childhood friends dead or in jail..... Why is it when people die, everyone loves them, when they are alive, no one cares about them..... Why do I love guns so much.... Why is scarface my favorite movie.... Why am I 32 years old and I have never drank or taken drugs in my life .... Why do I think that the sexiest thing in the world is a women masturbating..... Why do threesomes don't really turn me on.... Why do I fear Waterbugs to the point that I will run like a girl.. Why do I miss my three fingers more then I miss most of my Ex's.... Why do I want to be a poet ..... Why can't I fall in love as easily before I had my heart broken.... Why do I have a beauty mark right on the tip of my penis.... Why do breast turn me on.... Why don't I want to have kids Why do I shut people out completely when I get a bad vibe from them.... Why am I so quick to cut you off if you fuck up on me... Why is it that the only person I will never punch in the face is my brother Eric.... Why is it that I have no qualms buttfucking a man under extreme circumstances.... Where can I go to find total happiness.... Why don't I fear religion nor God.... Why do I despise fake ass niggas.... Why are my cars more important to me then most people I know....

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY LENNY!!!!!!!!!!! Hello!!!! Today is the Lenster's Birthday so everyone can call her and make her feel good to cry!!!!!! I am writing loudnotes today so I have to get on it. Peace

 Come closer........... Shhhhhhhhhhhh......... I have a secret. Shhhhhhhh...... a little closer. Let me tell you in your ear. Tomorrow is Lenny's Birthday. SHhhhhhhhhhhh...... Don't say nothing. She wants to have it really low-key. Shhhhhhhhhh. :) Yea, it's Lenny's birthday and she has reached the age where we do not discuss the number of years she has been on this earth. Just give her a call and wish her a very special birthday. You ask what we are doing for her birthday. I am most likely going to cook her a really nice dinner. She loves my cooking so I will don the apron and cook an awesome meal. Hit her on ............. Lenny's E-mail Or give her a call at work, please, no stalking. Peace

 Tonight........ I am feeling kinda " short Winded " today. Not really much to come from my mind. I actually feel good but I just don't have much to say. Yesterday was good. I spent all day in the house and made sure that I made worth of every penny of rent that I paid. I wrote a couple of e-mails here and there and mainly just bonded with the remote and the sony. Nothing even closely interesting on the boob tube yesterday. After the obligatory porno, I floundered across Discovery. Did you all even know that Hippo's kill more Human's in Africa then all other animals combined?? That is scary, if someone calls me a hippo from now on, I will just give them my signature crooked evil smile. PROPS TO FAT PEOPLE!!! Ok, on Saturday night, a couple of cops wanted to give some Kats a ticket for drinking in public. One dude tried to stop the cops from issuing a summons. He tried to perpertrate himself as a Police Officer. When the cops roughed him up, behold...................... bottles, rocks , and everything that was easily a projectile was used. Everything stopped when the cop shot his gun one time in the air. After that, everyone ran home and it made headlines in the news. That area is about one block from where I live. A whole bunch of young bucks that have nothing to do but sell weed and act up. They don't bother me so they can do whatever they please. Ok, let me get back to work.

 Vicarious triumph and dissappointment Ah, yes. The world of Poetry has really took a front seat for me since this Friday. I am taking this day off with a beautiful smile on my face and no regrets. Let me back track and give you all the best possible blog entry. Friday after work was my first jaunt into Rikers Island. I know I know, I must have written that several times over. Let me just get into the class. I got to Rikers and the best thing about getting there in the late afternoon is the clear path you have getting into the jail. As soon as I got into the control building, 5 mins later, I was already walking into class. " Happy" was the only word to describe when I got there, the local class comedian already wrote a poem on the black board. Yes, a test of wits and patience. I looked at the board, and I say, " wow, nice poem " . Then I corrected the spelling and issued my personality as the authority figure. I did the " Naming " exercise where each student had to find a word to describe them with the same first letter of there name. I started it off and I was " Fresh Fish". SO a couple of "Respectful Rich, Articulate Arnie, Justifying Jose, Kind Kevin, Jingoistic Jermaine,etc......the class started well. I introduced " The book of genesis according to St Miguelito ". This is a poem of one of the lately departed founders of the Nuyorican poetry movement. They loved the poem and they broke it down with ease. I do say this, this class has incredible potential. That is keeping me very happy as a poetry instructor. I gave them an exercise to write a poem about there neighborhood and what they missed. I got back very very good poems ( considering that these guys haven't really been educated. Great first day at Rikers. As I left and quickly remembered that Karen Jaime from the Nuyorican has my check for a past feature spot, I drove to the NUYO. I was happy to be there. Willie Perdomo read as he only knew how. I can't say anything to describe Willie as almost 90 percent of all poets look at him as a forefather to poetry. His style is amazing. His poetry is insprational with a complex tone that makes you say " Wow ". As everything was going well with the slam, I bumped into a dude that I haven't seen in 13 years.My man Louie is home. He did his bid and now he is out to try and become a productive member of society. I was happy to see him. I wasn't reading that night at the NUYO but I would have loved to drop one poem and dedicate it to him. The slam was pretty good and desiree Marshall did her thing. Shit, she beat Tai Freedom Ford. Since I have a bias towards my 13 brethren, I was hoping Tai took the slam. Yet, she was hot on the trails of Desiree. Eventually, I'll hit that NUYO stage. I am in no rush. I will be around for a long time. So, on to Saturday as I got dressed and drove the hooptie to the Bowery to catch Taylor's " Teacher Teacher ". There is nothing possibly bad I can say about this show. Taylor was fantastic. His show was a personal dig into his life about teaching and poetry. His fire is what feeds the other fires. The intricate details of his life, experience, comedic standpoint were amazingly well crafted. As he says he has a Masters in Literature. This is what can only describe him, a master in literature. Next Saturday at 3pm is the last showing of Teacher Teacher. If you do not catch this show, you will die incomplete. This is the show that will give you a complete first hand view of what makes taylor tick. Catch it. Headed over to Cornelia Street Cafe to see Rich feature. As the up-start Diva that he is, he was late. Poetically incorrect was extremely light yesterday as not too many people showed up. The Migente troupes are getting rather scarce these days. That is what made of most of the poetry contingient when Poetically Incorrect came around. Rich got up there and did his thing with a eclectic mix of old and new. Even though his old work is barely a month, I have heard it so it's old to me. He did a cover of the poem that I taught at Rikers and it made for a good strong point for me. Desiree got up and did her thing also. That girl is funny, talented, and greatly sincere. I am going to feature for her at Hofstra, it is going to be a pleasure. Left there and walked back to the Bowery. ah yes, this is where the Drama comes in. You think I was going to write all this nice stuff without inserting drama. NO no no........... Pepatian is an organization that puts on shows in the Bronx and around the city. Guy featured for them last year and it was very nice seeing different artist bringing their talent to the Bowery. On the bill lat night were John Rodrguez, Flaco Navaja, Rockefella, La Bruja and several others. Should I give a detailed over view of what happened last night?? NO!!!!!! It would be a waste of my time. It would be toooo much energy put into this blog and I might die of a heart attack after experiencing unnecessary aggravation. Firstly, they had the same guy from last years show that had a shpiel about " how his roomate refused to flush". I walked away when I saw him get on the stage. I was not going to bare another 15 minutes of worhthless jargon. There was no point artistically, dramtically, poetically to his set on the stage. You know that I do not openly hate on people. This guy is horrid. Then, another lowpoint in the show was " la Bruja ". Maybe, I have been subjected to a rather high bar of professionalism at Bar 13. I just feel that is you are a poet and you are being billed as a poet. What the fuck, read your poetry!!! She went up there and set the stage for 4 bullshit haikus and a " Don Jose " bit. As I blatantly set my hopes on high for her, I was shocked to see her going up there and ranting and raving over bullshit. Then she would laugh at her own jokes and the majority of the Bronx crowd would laugh with her. It broke my heart that these people would have the bowery space for nothing more then a " fiesta ". Garbage humor coupled with badly written monologues has destroyed Pepatian in my eyes. If we were to be solicited by Jane and Pepatian, I would kindly decline for the fear that I would be put in a show where my hard work as a poet would be destroyed. Out of everyone I saw there last night, only one person I would consider for a future Acentos Feature. That would be Flaco Navaja. Thing is, he was surrounded by such bad talent, it even made him look bad. I was driving home aggravated that we are trying to be poets that celebrate our heritage, culture, and life. Then, we have savages destroying any hope of a positive professional persona in the latino community. I think they are all cool people but they have to think of the mission that faces us latino's and the stereo type we are trying to erase. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 A Sad reality I am at home and I can't believe that another young brother has been killed. Far be it from me to " create drama " but too many are dying. This one has touched home rather closely to the poetry communinty. This Kat, Matt Hall was 18 years old and he was shot in the back on a Harlem Street corner. He died about a day later. He was leaving a meeting with the " Universal Zulu Nation of Hip-Hop ". He was an honors student at Hunter College. So, it seems that he had his life in order. What begs the question, Why was he shot? What happened that someone had to pull a gun and shoot him in the back? A piece of me is really standing firm against his membership in the " Zulu Nation ". I don't know if tha could have resulted in his death. Zulu, as I recalled it from my days was a " gang " that was birthed from the dark annals of the mind of "Afrikka Bambaata ". It was born in Bronx River around 1984 give or take. I knew many " Zulu " members . THe used to call themselves Kings and Queens. At the upstart, they were a typical gang that participated in everything that a gang does. Fights, assaults, killings, muggings, robbery were the norm. I lost track of them after I " Grew Up ". Unfortunately, many young brothers and sisters are lured to this " Organization " with the promise of peace, change, and harmony. It is so hard for me to buy that. Especially when I literally fought several Zulu members in my time. Zulu members are also a known " Gang affiliated" entity in the NYC Jail system. IF these " Zulu " people have changed and they are dedicated to all that is good, I give them my utmost respect. If not, they are the stereotypical bunch of thugs that do nothing but leech the life of a upstanding society. As I did not know Matt personally, I feel for his family. The kat that shot him in his back is a coward. IF you are going to shoot somebody, look at them in the face and pull the trigger. If you can live with the life being drained from their eyes, then you are a killer. If not, you are a bitchass that deserves whatever justice is coming to remove you from the community. I mean this as the cops can catch you and lock you up. Even better, live by your gun, a bullet has your name on it. I personally can tell you that how it works. R.I.P young poetry Brother. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Out of 100............ ......... I would have raped 99!!! Guys, yesterday was the opening of a new flagship store on 5th avenue called " Mexx ". Of course, with all the NYC fashion hoopla, balloons, camera's, Stereo systems, model's, and a cheap gimmick were all introduced at a vain attempt to have people walk into this store. For the record, the marketing behind it was genius considering that it pandered to every schmuck with a low -self esteem. As I walked passed the store, a rather annoyingly voiced lady was shouting, " Be our next model, have your face across Times Square, Pick a number and live your dream ". I would compare her voice between a cross of Steve Urkel from the now dyfucnt show of " Family matters" and Rosie Perez multiplied several times over. As I walked slowly to take in this debacle. I noticed the incredible array of " beautiful people ". I use that word " Beautiful " very loosely and as sarcastically as possible. Models upon Models in a span of one block. Scantly clad women hoping that the exposure of clevage would give them a shot at " Bill Board " stardom. Uh, the guys were buffed, tall, with the bestly primped eyebrows I have ever seen. Walking down this block was like a bad episode of " Blind date ". There had to be more hair gel and make-up on that one block then all of NYC put together. Here is the kicker, out of the 100 guys that I saw hoping to have their face plastered on a billboard, I would have fucked 99 of them. I have no qualms completely and unabatedly sexually violating one of these model dudes. I know my Lenny is gorgeous but some of these guys look rather scrumtious. It's just not right to see these dudes, buffed, good looking, and making this Derek Zoolander type of living. It is not right. So if you are a good looking model guy, you better hope I never get arrested with you. Peace, Love, Porkchops.

 Pedro Neruda......... ............. is really Pablo Neruda. Why do I keep calling him " Pedro "? This means that the name Pedro is stuck in my head for a reason but I just have to figure it out. So, I am going to quickly attack the subject of " sentence structure and Grammer ". You all mainly know that my Blog is straight forward. What keeps my blog real?? I always figured my mistakes and poorly structured sentences is what gave me my own style. I am not ging to cop a plea and say anything. I make many mistakes. I just don't bother to re-read my blog 40 times to make it sound like te " wall street journal " to impress anybody. I write it and I leave it as is to create that sense of " me ". I guess in order for me to prove that I do have the ability to " write correctly " is to go over my blog and e-mails with a fine tooth comb. This will insure proper grammer and sentence structure. So for now on, my blog will read like a thesis by an overzealous student. I just had to get that out, well, to keep with conformity, fuck that. I am still Fish and this is what makes me. Anyway........... Tonight was an incredible night of Pablo Neruda Poetry. The City Graduate center was the location where an auditorium was packed. about three hundred people had to have fit in there and every seat was taken. The tribute had several Poets participating. The main poet that I wanted to see and hopefully meet was Martin Espada. He is a Puerto Rican poet with an array of books under his belt. After the reading, we milled around chit chattin with Roger, Lynne, Rob Neil, Oscar, and brother Rich. We made a couple of attempts to see Martin but he was surrounded by more Doctoral flesh then an OB-GYN convention. Once Lynne and Rich made the bold move to go up to Martin, I followed and kept the back ground warm as I wanted Rich to meet him and have his glory. Very well placed introductions and a hand shake or two, success was putting it lightly. We met Martin Espada, We mentoned Acentos. We gave him a flyer. A dialogue was opened and this is what makes me happy. Going home, Rich and I were throwing some ideas into the air about Espada and a feature. I think we actually came up with some very good start up thoughts. Once everything goes into effect, we will have this incredible game plan of getting these high quality features. Well, let me get back to the Neruda tribute. When the lights went out, they opened with an original recording of Neruda reading a poem. The poem was on the CD " Algo de mi vida ". The readers for the night were Ariel Dorfman, Jorge del Rio, Rafael Campo, Martin Espada, John Felstiner, Edward Hirsch, Jane Hirshfield, Galway Kinnell, Gary Soto, Ilan Stavens. All read poems by Neruda and mostly translated by them also. This new anthology had over 600 poems to be chosen. That is a solid 600 poem by Neruda. I can't even fathom having the 5 solid pieces morphing into more then 10. I asked Roger how many he had and he said, " A couple of hundred ". That seems like such a far off bridge for me to cross. Tonight's tribute gave me a different sense of what Neruda accomplished. He was a poets poet. It makes ya wonder how many people he alone inspired to become poets. His style was worldly and almost scary. Some of the choices of his words were explosives. I never thought that so few words put together can have such an impact. When someone tells me that I bring such energy to my poem, I don't consder that a compliment any more. I want to engage with skill and craft before anything else.I still have a long way to go. I have time and I am in no rush. :-) Did I make a mistake?? Did it still sound like ME? I Should go back and make a few more mistakes. heehee Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Pug and ponies..... The pony thing was just to throw something after Pug to give it some conformity. The pug thing is where I am standing on my list of " wants ". I have always wanted a pug ( little dog from men in black II ). Those dogs are truly cute. I just wanted to share that. Well, everything is going good and we are getting great ideas flowing on several fronts. I think my plate is full and I am putting off on any other projects. My main concern is for my feaeture at Acentos on November 25. I already am making phonecalls. I called one of my first hardcore supporters yesterday and made the threat " You have no choice, I want you to be there ". I am working on three solid new pieces, two of them are collabo's. Actually, Someone has to get on the ball and work on the collabo and forward it to LISA!!!!!! HELLO??????? So, I am going to send out the e-mail October 24. Fish is going to feature and you all know that I don't play when it comes to that. Well, time to go Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Just wanted to share .......... ............ ok, I am at home and I am flicking through the TV. As usual, the normal array of Non-sense television is running pretty wild these days. Yet, with my grautitous cable coming to play, good movies do occasionally find there way to my Sony trinitron. Tonight, I had a choice between Godfather II or Casualties of War. I took option " b" and started watching the movie with Michael J. Fox in the lead role as a Soldier with a conscious in Vietnam. The premise of the movie was behind four soldiers in the " bush " ( battlefield) that at one point raided a village and took a vietnamese girl hostage. Out of 5 soldiers, 4 of them were pretty much raping and beating this girl except of FOX. He was the one that had the " good guy " conscious and didn't do anything. Fast forward.......... girl was killed, Fox told everybody, no one cared, someone listened, it was pushed, 4 go to trial, end of movie. Vietnam is not much to me personally. I have uncles on my mothers side that fought in vietnam. It makes me think if there is any ruth to the atrocities that occured in vietnam. Some movies, documentaries, and reports really detail as vividly as possible about what really happened.Yet, I wasn't there. How can I get a feel about what people truly went through? War is not a good thing. Lately, we have had some movies that really give you true reality as to the harshness of war. Still, think of the of the worst thing possible and multiply that several times over. That is the only thing that makes it worth writing. So, as history has a tendency to repeat itself. We have a vietnam of our generation in the form of " Iraq". Have you ever seen me write anything about Iraq?? Well, it's a tricky subject for me. I never once believed these testicularly challenged white house bottom dwellers about the " weapons of Mass destruction ". As time goes by, you can clearly tell the lies, deceit, and media control that was made evident in the transripts of recent weeks. I loved the whole " Blame the CIA " concept. Where is my stance on Iraq? I don't want our soldiers there. We don't need more people dying in a country where most kids have no clue where to find on a map. Yet, since we are there, let it be known that U.S soldiers have the ability to kick ass. Well, my time is up. Peace, love, Porkchops P.S. did anyone read the LOUDNOTES, I DID NOT PUT IN GROOVENATION!!!!! That is the corniest name in the history of LOUDER!!!!

 Feeling different Well, back onto the track of normalcy. If I was ever normal then it would be a good thing. I am back in the job and I haven;t killed anybody today. I was really stressed out since late Monday. Yet, I took that and put it on the back burner and hoped it would die. Sure enough, getting to Acentos, it happened. My stress wnet out the window after seeing a packed house at the Blue Ox that made Bar 13 on Monday look trivial. We actually had more at Acentos the 13. There is something really wrong with that. I hope a game plan comes into play to get the crowd back to " A little bit louder Monday ". Yesterday was good as it was our first foray into a concept that we are all trying to envision. I don't really want to say much but we have that fire in a group of five that will take NYC by storm. Last night, I went to Ed Garcia's house and he has to be the best fuckin host in all the United States. This guy plus his significant other had more food then we could handle. I was like, Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh..... PLEASE, NO MORE!!!!! LOL. In talking to Ed on such a personal level, he is truly a gifted individual with apirations that challenge our most ardent dreamer. We spoke about so much and I left there with a sense of re-newed faith in life and poetry. I am trying to maintain my sanity as my past life and ways are seeping over to what I am currently living. I am good at some things but I am a master at others. The others are my ability to get incredibly ghetto without a forethought. I know, I know, " Think of the consequences ", as of now, I have many concerns and one of them is doing what I have to do to get what is owed to me. Well, I am going to cut this short as I have to start some other endeavors. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Just tired...... I think I hit the overload marker. Too many things coming at me. Not enough output. Job is really sucking. Creatively, I am doing ok, I am still reading and soaking everything in. Cave-Canem was awesome. I feel like a poser sometimes. I write but am I good? Should I get these accolades? I am not even close to where these people are. Random thoughts. Official loser. Wanting to change the world but the world is making it hard. Am I a slammer? Am I a poet? Am I a writer? What am I? Need time alone. funked out deep dark sad kinda lonely random thoughts feel like crying there is the tear why cry? you are a poser You are not a writer Fish You are not a poet random thoughts Deep heavy thoughts My shoulders collapsing more tears tears Confused wanting to change the world The world is changing me

 Things run smooth....... ......and I am happy. For some reason, things are taking a step in a direction which is making me all giddy inside. We are making great strides in improving Acentos, ourselves, life and dare I say, even Louder has to change. I haven't been too happy lately because it seems that things have reached this stalemate. Nothing going on, no vision, no nothing. I hope we get some electricity going. I get bored really quick with some things. Yesterday was a very rewarding experience with us Hosting " Poetas con Cafe " down in Spanish Harlem. Everyone was warm and inviting. We made an incredible impression and they loved the energy that we brought to the show. When I opened the open mic, I said a couple of choice things and Oscar followed suit. When I gave him the second half, he ran with it and I was excited as hell. Life is really starting to come together. I have plenty going on with Rikers, the Community word Project, Hope Community, Fortune society. Sooner or later, I am going to have my finger in so much, I am going to run out of fingers. Don't forget, I am short three fingers and I might need a little more. LOL I don't know if making this here would make it offical for everyone in the poetry world. As of Last week, Rich Villar is an offical member of the Acentos Coalition. Oohhh........ I like that. " The Acentos Coalition " of poetas. LOL. I have been fumbling with the idea of having a fresh face and voice added to our little world. Rich fits there and brings with him a fire and energy that keeps our fire bright and even surpasses ours. So any questions concerning Acentos could be directed to Rich with the utmost certainty that he is in the loop with the concerns and well being of our coalition. Don't hold that word " Coalition " to Acentos yet, it is not official. We have some good dates coming up..... October 9 - Acentos and co will appear on WBAI 99.5. Be ready for the official announcement once I get the confirmations October 10 - Acentos has a gig a locale TBA October 14 - Latino heritage and Poetry invade Hofstra. Life is good. Peace, Love, Pork chops

 I am yearning some downtime.......... Oh god. I need some time away from Poetry, Events, Life. I need some time dawgs!!!! Anyway, so much went on this weekend. I had the opportunity to feature with brother Rich at the Clinton Street Festival. I do say that it was interesting to see a festival packed with several hundred latino's but about ten interested in the poetry. Still, Rich went up there and gave it all and got a good feedback. After he did his three poems, I went up and did my thing. Not many people were seemingly interested but I still garnered the attention of afew and directed my poetry at them. I so destryoed one of my pieces but it was my fault for not rehearsing. Like if they would really know. After the festival, we headed to the Bronx Museum of the ARTS for the " re-Verse fesitival 2003. The first item up for viewing was a documentary featuring the life and times of Audry Lorde. If you want a more detailed description, go check Rich's Villars Blof and he will give you the lowdown. I would complain about the panelist but I have no energy to do so and it seems like old news. I rather just write about today. I was asked to host " Poetas con Cafe " for the Hope Community not for profit foundation. The event was held at the Modesto Gardens and it was a nice and right in the middle of spanish harlem. The first half of the open mic was very very light but it finished well. Oscar was my co-host as I fet that we both would benefit from this event. As Oscar introduced and schmoozed with the features and VIPS, it as well worth our time and energy. It was a totally different vibe then what I have seen and I think it good relationship will come from this. Anyway, let me bounce Everything is going back to normal tomorrow Peace

 Round peg in square hole???? I usually wake up in the morning and I throw on my CD player on random and I have a mix of 5 Poetry cd's. The 5 in there now would be....... Celena Glenn Bernard Dolan Carlos Mena Taylor Mali: convictions Roger's Bonair's Agard's greatest hits. LOL So this morning I am getting dressed and listening when the CD stops on Bernard's Dolan's cut. For some reason, I can't get past that CD. He only has one cut that I like and the rest I can truly do without. I know that my opinion is just that but I can't stand that techno synthesizer stuff. There was one cut on the cd that was just plain weird. I always have this cautious relationship between Poetry and music. I tend to shut out the music to just get to the poetry. When the music ( or whatever there is ) is overcoming the poetry, that is too much for me. I do have to say that Celena has an off the hook CD that I am letting my boys here and them fools think it's rap. I am like " uh, it's poetry ". Taylor Mali's Conviction if riding high in the ghetto's too. The favorite so far...... " Stick and stones will break bones but my words will fucking kill you " . That seems to be resonating as the general favortie. Well, long weekend with too much to do but no time. Class, Poetry, car repair's, dinner for my Moms. It's her Birthday. She thinks she slick and tries not to mention it. I am cooking her favorite shrimp dinner tonight. She loves shrimp scampi and such. My mother has hit the young old age of 67. That is not old if you see my mother, she looks 40. I love my moms, I never got along with her but we have built something really solid since I got locked up. I guess she knew that my temper could either kill me or get me locked. She hasn't really pried that much into my life and that is a good thing. I should put her number down and have everyone call her just to say Happy Birthday. LOL. She would kill me. Ok folks, have a great weekend. I hope you all have a safe Saturday and Sunday. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Booty Call Agreement The Pre-Booty Call Agreement This pre-booty call Agreement (hereinafter referred to as The Agreement) is entered into on this ___day of ______________, 20 __, by ____________________, (hereinafter referred to as the Participant) between ____________________, (hereinafter referred to as the Holder of The Agreement) and ____________________ (Participant). This Agreement shall cover the following rules and principles for the Participant: 1. No sleeping over!! Unless it is very good and we need to repeat it in the morning. 2. No meeting in public except for dinner or drinks before the events of the evening. 3. No calls before 9 pm. We dont have anything to talk about. 4. None of that lovemaking stuff, only mind-blowing sex allowed. 5. No emotional discussions!! i.e. where are we heading with this? Do you love me? The answer is no, so dont even ask. 6. No plans made in advance. That is why you are called the backup. Unless you are from out-of-town, then its only a one-time advanced arrangement. 7. All gifts accepted- money is always good. 8. No baby talk- however, dirty talk is encouraged. 9. No asking for comparisons to former lovers its really none of your damn business. 10. No calling each other friends with privileges. We are not friends, just sex buddies. 11. Calling out the wrong name during sex is OK. Dont be offended, you mean no less to me than you did before. 12. No extra clothing!! I dont want your ass leaving anything behind when you leave. 13. No falling asleep right after sex!! Its over so get your ass up and go home. 14. Dont be offended if I dont ask if you enjoyed it. I dont care!! 15. You cannot borrow my car for any reason. 16. If anyone of the opposite sex asks who you are, the standard response will be My roommates girlfriend/boyfriend. 17. Doggie style preferred. Just hit it hard and right or get the Hell out! (Reason: The less eye contact the better. I dont want to look at you.) 18. We are to hook up absolutely whenever the mood strikes me, so stop calling! 19. Bring your own drinkI am not your liquor store. 20. No phone use, please! I dont want anyone calling back looking for your ass. *Extra tip for successful booty calls: The holder of the Agreement may only alter the aforementioned rules. If the other party attempts to change or alter any terms of the Agreement, it will automatically become null and void. The Participant will then be removed from the Possible Future Relationship List and given minimal Booty Call privileges, and cut off from any communications unless first initiated by the holder of this Agreement. If further violations of the Agreement occur the Participant will be deleted from phone memory, email list, and blocked from all communications until the Participants silly ass understands the rules. Participant: Holder of the Agreement: Signature: ____________________ Signature: ____________________ Date: ____________________ Date: ____________________



 Quick note......... :) Que pasa people. Everything is going well today. Got to work and I am having my Orange Juice with some type of Croissant type thing. I am not much to eat breakfast but I get in these health conscious moods sometimes. Last night, I mainly stood home working on a new piece. This is going to be a doozy. It is a celebratory " FUCK YOU " to the New York State board of Parole. I am done on October 7, 2003. My days are counting down and I am giddy. 5 years of Urine deposit, Blood deposit, aggravation, threats of violations. The last five years of my life hasn't been all that great. Dealing with bullshit of being on " conditional release " is not fun. I try to tell the Thugs and hooligans that I call friends to stop the bullshit. Most of them just give me the occasional " ok " and they keep on. Just yesterday, I found out that one of my boys blew trial ( He was convicted ). If anyone read the Daily News yesterday, Robert Williams was found guilty of Attempted murder. Big deal huh??? Look at this.... This kid ( Ramos ) was watching softball game. Williams drives by and sees him. He gets out of the truck and Ramos sees him. Ramos starts running and williams chases him. Williams shoots him in the back and empties a 9mm into his body. Does it finish here?? NO. The softball game being played was between two local precints. So, on the teams were definitely 18 off duty cops. They started chasing him and he car jacks a ladies car and leads the cops a " high speed " chase. He gets stuck in traffic and they catch him. Ok, so knowing a small tidbit about the law, most likely they hit him with the following........ attempted Murder ( for shooting Ramos ) Criminal Possesion of a weapon ( 9 mm ) Evading arrest ( Running ) Assault ( on the car jack victim ) Kidnapping ( The car jack victim ) Grand Larceny ( taking the car ) Wreckless endangerment ( shooting of gun and driving like a mental case ) Resisting arrest ( General principle ) So when you are locked up, the prosecutor want to get a win regardless. So they offered him 7 years and he didn't take it. He wanted to hire our " famed " lawyer that hasn't lost a case for us in years. This lawyer can get Saddam and Osama off if he wanted to. Right before trial, they offered him 10 years but he decided to take it to trial. He has the victim saying " It was him that shot me 12 times " He has the cops saying " It was him who we chased " He has the Lady saying " IT was him that took my car " Williams gets on the witness stand and tesitfies, " it wasn't me ". Come on!!!!!!! Come up with something more creative then that. Plead stress to the blackout or something. So 1 hour later, the jury comes back and they find him guilty on all counts. Let's take a tally Attempted Murder - 15 years Grand Larceny - 7 years Assualt - 5 years The 9mm - 5 years Kidnapping - 5 years rest of charges - 7 years total I think he is doing at least 32 years. Did I mention that this was his third strike??? He can possibly do life with no parole. So, when he comes out ( if ), he should be about 60. Makes ya wonder, it's not really worth it. If you decide to do something, do it right. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Leave me be today. I don't want to be bothered

 I am the sensitive one!!!!!! LOL. Yes, last night I delved into the sensitive side of me and expermented with a whole new genre of " Sensitive Poetry ". So, first sensitive piece, first draft and I made it to the second round. I got dropped kicked in the second round but I felt like broke down doors with my " Praise " piece. ROger sent out a challenge on the NYC slam list serve to write a praise piece and slam with it in the Open Slam. Since i have testicles the size of pool balls, I took the challenge and was proud that I got a good enough score to get to the second round. I am actually questioning my style in what is making me a successful Slam poet. I know I have the ability to be a loud poet. Now I am experimenting with a different voice and style. Nothing is better then learning and mastering different styles of whatever you are good at. I had a great time last night. I was hosting and it went pretty smooth. Nothing bad nor aggravating. Soon, host are not getting paid. I think that is the proper thing to do. Hosting is not really a job, it is more of a privledge in my eyes. I have no problem hosting and not getting paid. It is a learning tool that will make my resume look sharp. " Oh my God, you hosted Bar 13 on a Monday, That must be hard ". " Well Honey, I am JUST THAT GOOD!!!! " LOL. So last night I went home and truly raped my Lenny, from here to Monday, I ravished her body until 6 this morning. Uh wait a minute. Wrong journal. I have to write that in my personal journal. Forget I just wrote that. Last night I was really feeling ghetto and the White Castle was calling. I needed to get a couple cheesburgers and chicken Rings in my system to remove that ghetto murder burger inkling that I had. You can't go wrong with a couple of burgers here and there. It is a good way to get in ca-hoots with that side that you tried to leave behind. All is good. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish **************** Praise Poem ****************** Ponder some moments Heart tugging memories where you give thanks. Think Wonder, imagine On a breezy fall day, a child runs to his mother crying after falling and scraping both knees, a warm touch, a reassuring smile, a kiss that only a mother knows how to give, that child will always praise his mother Crowded subway cars constricting lungs aggravation forcing heads to an agitated bow 15 hour work day no energy to stand. Disheartened, A kind old lady grabs your shoulder and offers you her seat. You sit and give thanks to her . beautiful eyes return a gracious " your welcomed ". Praise her genuine kindness. After a traditional Sunday dinner, you share a moment with your father he tells you, " I love you " and " you have always have made me proud " , no more words, you hug an endless embrace you cry 30 years of uncertainty away you love an undying love You praise your paternal hero One day you get a phone call from a friend, he is in need. As you are there , you will walk to the end of eternity for him, he seeks true friendship. you share his pain, you console his broken heart, His failed endeavor His questionable friendship becoming solid You insert faith, he adds hope, together, You save his life, Praise true friendship In those moments........... Aide in the sensitivity and vulnerablity of life. Run a steady hand through the warm , inviting river currents of praise Surf the ocean's sky calmly Find a solemn peace within you Teach the Angels harmony, while showing them meanings of new found serenity Praise what means most to you, cherish honor, appreciate No need to yell, No need to rant Be prudent and unleash your power of love on us the un-deserving the hapless the underpriviledged,............................................and make this world beautiful Fish The LouderARTS Project

 intellect and progress...... Oh man, this weekend was good. I got a plenty of work done and I am happy. I finally finished the syllabus for the 16 week Rikers workshop that I am doing. I am going to introduce many good poets to my students. I have Patircia Smith, Cheryl Boyce Taylor, Asha Bandele, Jeff McDaniel, Martin Espada, Langston Hughes, Piri Thomas, Regie Cabico, Billy Collins, Taylor Mali. Sam Vargas. Yes, I threw one of my poems in there to give them a sense of " community " when writing a piece about their neighborhood. I tried to put in some variety in different poets. I wanted to give the students a taste of the whole genre. I have political poems, cultural poems, persona poems, humor poems. I want to give them a taste of everything. I even have two showcases planned. I might even try to throw in a third by having the students read their work in a showcase. I am really getting excited about this program. I hope that more people will take initiative and accompany me to Rikers to get a feel of the real world. There is a huge difference between a work shop at Rikers and a workshop in the outside world. Everything is going well with me. I took part in a mentor training program and it was awesome. I learned so much in the many, many, many hours that I was there. That shit was actually hard sitting for 8 hours. Then, I want to go home and relax and unwind and drama unfolds. LET A BROTHA CHILL!!!!!!!! It is not easy for me to have things thrown into my lap and me just roll with the punches. I engulf myself with the work to make sure that every detail is covered. Whatever I am responsible for, I take care of. Let me run. I love em but the JETS are really sucking!!!!!!!!!!! Peace, Love, Pork Chops Fish

 Let's discuss something.... I am 32 years old with some serious stress that has plagued my life. I won't try to hide it, I even anoounced most of my issues in an open forum for discussion. All this stress never weighed that heavily on me, physically. I have a full head of hair, I am rather healthy, I have no wrinkly pockets of skin around my face, My chin is still alone and hasn't gained company yet. My hair is even all the natural color and it is not GRAY. But wait people, when I look, as all health conscious men should be, and I discover a gray testicle hair, we have issues. This is nothing new because I have discovered gray hairs there several times. I just really got disturbed when I was watching " sex in the city " and she found a grey hair and flipped. It makes me wonder, " will Fish have old man balls before he even gets old "?? That is scary. Time to go Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 NEVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I will never ever root for any other football team besides my JETS!!!!!! No way in hell will I betray my team in that way! NEVER!!!! I am waching the game now and I do say that Testeverde is as useful as a flying flaming lesbian naked in my apartment. Santana Moss got the nerve to drop a pass but he made up for it by a nice long catch to get a touchdown. I love the Jets. Ever since big Joe Klecko got me to playing football. My first green Jersey had klecko's number on it and I was truly loving the fact that my FAT Body was useful at some sport. I miss it but I need to stay healthy and not try to get hurt. I have to much going on. ANYWAY!!!!!!!! I AM GOING TO GO ROOT FOR THE JETS!!!!!!! Even if they had 44 bootleg dominican's playing for them, I will always love the GREEN!!!!!!! J- E-T-S ! JETS JETS JETS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! peace

 Who's next??? Ok, I knew Johnny Cash was on his last legs and about to enter that great Jamboree in the sky. Now, I would have never expected John Ritter to buy the farm. I woke up this morning ( extremely Cranky mind you ) to turn on the TV and hear that Johnny Cash died. I am like, he was old and had one step in the grave anyway. Then, John Ritter died of a heart Ailment after getting ill on the set of his new Show " 8 simple rules for dating my Teenage daughter ". I was shocked to hear that he died. Yesterday, I read in the Paper that Sean kimmerling died of testicular cancer. That is the sportscaster for the WB 11 news. I actually met that kat at a party last year. He was cool and was a true blue sports nut. He was 37 years old and he died. He wasn't married and had no kids. Does anyone think that when a person dies, death comes in three's??? I know it's an old fable but I have seen it and even experienced it. Not death moron's. I have known people to die in three. Last brush with death came last year when a friend of mines, Angel, died of an asthma attack. Then Nelson got stabbed in a fight and killed. Then boobie was shot and killed. All within the span of a couple of months. Not to sound like a fool, but when someone I know dies. I walk a serious straight line. Especially when it is in March. I know WAY too many people that have died in March. Short blog today.

 I say......... My condolences to my friends and family which have lost loves one's in the September 11, 2001 tragedy. Back to my life........ Today, I have sooo many things in my head that I want to write about. I actually was ready to write this whole novel on the " Latin Kings ". Then, I thought about it, I won't and refuse to give them any room on my blogger. So, here is a list of what I would like to write about sex Why do we always have to use the bathroom at the worst times? Mouth farts What really freaks me out Should I go through my idea of getting a vasectomy? Well..... I am in one of those funny retarded moods so I will pick what will make me look like a fool. I have the weakest buttcheeks in NYC!! I admit it. I could be laughing and joking around , but, when I get an " attack ". Direct me to the nearest bathroom!!!! Am I going to be picky and say, " oh no, I am not using that bathroom "???, I am going to use whatever facility my fat round ass fits in. There has been times where I am doing the " dreaded " dance on my way to the bathroom. You know what I am talking about. The crossing your legs over and over again and the bouncing up and down. Then, the closer you get to your apartment, your body plays this really mean trick and doubles the intensity. I have ran many read Lights at speeds "mach one " to get to a bathroom. I have done the " Carl Lewis" to my building. You start opening the door ( You can't find the key ), you swing the door open!!!!!! Throw the keys on the ground....... coat on floor, pants on floor. The trail from the door to the bathroom is everything from hat to socks. Then you get to the bathroom and the biggest relief in the world is a " plop " away. Then, it is just gas. Man, I want to kill myself sometimes. The body is the most comedic instrument known. When you have to go, no warning at all. It just hits you. When you let a little " squeef " out, you shit the hell out of your drawers. It runs all down your legs, you start crying, your social life is thrown to hell. Uh.... Wait, I am not saying that has happened to me but I am just saying. Like if no one has ever had " un accidente "!!!! Please, we are all between 25 and 40. Wait until 70 comes around, shitting in your pants well be a daily ritual. Hey, if I have a home attendent and she is getting 30 bucks and hour to take care of me, she is going TO EARN THAT MONEY!!!!!!! Would I let a home attendent wipe my butt?? Man, let me think. I am 70 years old, no action sexually in years, gets to wiping!!!!!!! I have issues... Peace, Love, Pork Chops Fish

 I always leave with a piece of someone Yesterday was a good day. Acentos proved to be the little engine that could. It had to be the smallest turnout yet but one of the best shows. Small and intimate is good. I always had this twisted thought that the more packed it is, the better the reading. I was wrong. In competing with a free open bar and free shushi, not many people showed up. It is understandable. If Acentos wasn't yesterday, I would be there also. Yesterday was Karen Jaime's feature and I do have to say that she is off the meter. I had a conversation with her about philosphy. She, unknowingly, gave me the ending for my " killing " piece. When we both came into agreement that there is ..... " no universal truth, death, life, right or wrong ", the little light went on and said....... " That is the ending of your piece. In the 20 minute conversation that I had with her, we delved into many different topics and I realized, I knew she was smart, but she is now almost unbelievebly intellgient. Shit, she dropped 8 poems yesterday and everyone single one was a good poem. She gave a solid set and I was happy as all hell to have her feature for us. I walked away knowing that she is a great person with a great heart with brains that would rival the best in our field. After Acentos, I made in the Bowery to give Taylor that support from Poet to Mentor. He dropped his CD yesterday ( conviction ) and I picked up a copy. Had a nice candid convo with Taylor about trying to get him up to the Bronx. I am going to get him to Acentos one way or the other. Either when I feature or I will make him feature. AHhhhhhhhhh......... that is an idea. LOL. The cd is a definite buy. Plenty of great poetry. I never seen Taylor read that much but have been blazed everytime he read. He read this piece at the Urbana, Acentos, Union Square slam. It was about his dog that would die in the cold winter months. The piece in on the CD and it is proving to be my favorite. He has " What teachers make ", How to write a political Poem ", Coming out duet ". I walked away from Taylor with an appreciation of his poetry and kindness. Last night leaving the Bowery, I saw this dude that looked familiar. I told him either I know you, or I have seen you. Turns out to be the Actor from the HBO show named " the Wire ". urlLink Andre was the dude's name and he was really cool. We mainly talked about the show and he was very receptive. It wasn't a fan stalking moment just for you scmucks won't get it twisted. It just amazes me how good the make-up world is. He plays a dope fiend on the show and he has it down to a science. LOL. I walked away from him happy that he was cool. Well, not much more to write. Tomorrow, I write about the Latin Kings ( old time Gang ) Peace, Love, Pork Chops

 Erased from existance...... If I was an " A & R " for any major record label and my responsiblity included recruiting new talent, the company will go under, no one would get signed. Nothing!!!! I despise Rap music sometimes. Don't get me wrong, I love a good hip-hop album but if I am subjected to a few people just jumping up and down and singing a hook over and over and over again, I won't be happy. Last night, I went to support brother Rich at Nell's. Chance was hosting this Monday foray into Poetry and what not. The " What not " is the rapping and singing. I wasn't too happy because they opened the doors at 8pm and I got there at 7:45pm. I had to wait outside and you all know that is not my bag of tea. Once inside, I was rather impressed with the set-up Nell's had. It really has some potential. Anyway, the Poetry was really decent last night. Little afro puffin " D Marshall " showed up and did her thing. She is just 19 and she is going to be a serious force on the poetry scene. She wants to make the Nuyorican team and I hope she does. She is going to contact me with a latino showcase she wants us to participate in Hoftra. You know I am calling all the Latino Contingent to get this done. So expect a phone call from me gentleman and ladies. Anyway, Rich went up there and dropped his talent and left a good vibe on the stage. I did a new piece on the open mic and it got a really good feedback. I was happy. I am trying people, I am trying. Chance has a really good thing going one over there. I hope it works out and he gets it all going. This young kat named " Ikeal " was doing this Guitar, singing, beatboxing, thing. He was off the hook. I did my new piece with him in the background and it went off well. Took a nice long romantic walk with rich to meet the louder folks. heehee, romantic??? I haven't a romantic bone in my body. That is another blog all together. Met up with the masses there and it was cool to see them. I kinda missed them after not seeing them for a week. Oscar, Rich, Matt, and myself stood behind and engaged in some great poetry talk. This one girl passed us by and overheard us and said " you guys are deep ". Another girl passed by and saw me rifling through my book of poetry and asked to read one of my poems. I let her read one and she loved it. Funny was when she went into the bathroom I told the fellas that she went in there to masturbate to what she just read. It was hilarious!!! I know I know, typical man shit. Let me be a dirtbag at least for a couple of seconds. So, the best part of the night was talking about political pieces and what they really are. How can you write one without sounding like poet # 7, 993. Most political pieces do sound alike and you want to be different. Question is : " How can I write a political piece without having it sound like a rant? ". Most pieces that I have heard are complaining about how things are most of the time. Not many people sit and say how it effects them personally. We started talking about the " ex-girlfriend " pieces. I truly need to write something about my " demon spawn " experience with the child of satan. That might be the most bitter piece that ever came from my mouth. Great time, Anyway, let me bounce Peace, Love, Pork chops Fish

 My name is Elmer J Fudd, I own a mansion and a yacht Picture That little bald headed man and the sound of his nasally voice. Ok, you got it?? That is me!! I am not a doctor, nurse, or health professional but can someone please fuckin tell me why only one nostril gets stuffed!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hate this. You think I get cranky when I don't eat??? Multiply that when I can't breathe about 12 times. Well, life gets back to normal. Considering that I never considered my life normal, it is back to it. Yesterday was Sunday and the first offical Football sunday and I didn't catch one game. I don't watch sports that much but I can truly appreciate a game or two to just skim through. Especially when it is a team that I hate getting waxed, beaten, scraped, spanked, killed, violated anally. I miss football. I am considering one last hoorah with my team next year. The original O-line and D-line would come back to go for that chip. If this comes about, I would start my training and get back up to par. Well, back to me p.S I got my tiramisu. 9 months after my birthday.

 ACHOO, SNIFFLE, SNIFFLE i KNOW complaining isn't my strongpoint but I can try. I AM SICK!!!!!!!!!!! I hate this. I woke up this morning with a headache. I should have known at that point that my day was going to the shitter. It's not that bad. I think I will live. Funny today was this letter that some schmuck sent to the list serve. It was in regard to Marty and his grievance on how Marty treated him. Uh, The letter that he sent was truly a perfect letter " not to send ". I was too tired to send this kat a nice letter ripping him a new asshole. Then, I was too tired to even think today. So, I just sent a simple letter telling him that it wasn't too smart. Ahhhh......fuck em. Back to work in the morning, I don't really want to go but I gotta do it. Peace, Love, Porkchops

 Fairytale............. I don't have the proper description of paradise. I do have the memories of the most beautiful wedding that I have ever attended. Yesterday, was the day where things went wrong, people were missing, seats were mixed, Limo's were crashed. Yes, there was a limo involved in a crash. Guess what??? Nothing else matters but Eric and Betsy residing as close to heaven as they are. The wedding was incredible and the reception was priceless. When we were all getting dressed in Jessica's house, about 4 tux's were all mixed up. Eric didn't get his tie with the suit. They also sent the wrong shirt. Several phone calls later, 3;30pm sharp, Eric was good to go. The Grooms men make their way to the church and we take out designated places, when the music cued, the bridesmaids, flowergirls, parents, uncles & aunts all walk down the aisle. After that, the bride comes in and I was left speechless ( and it wasn't my lady ). I could only imagine the feelings in Eric little body. Several choice words from the priest about Jesus and some praying ( I was lost ), Eric and Betsy Fernandez came to be on September 6, 2003 @ 4:30pm. Bulbs flashing, digital cams clicking,Videos recording, tissues wiping away tears ( including mines ), the wedding was perfection. When we got the limos ( another story all together ) we headed to whitestone park to take some pictures. This is where hell started freezing over. Jessica and I walking arm and arm. Betsy sitting on my knee to take pictures. Not many know the histry but Jessica hasn't liked me in years. Betsy runs right besides Jessica. With this wedding,I stepped to the plate for the sake of the wedding and for the sake of making Eric Happy. Whatever differences Jessica and I had, they were put aside. Aside for the wedding or for good, I am not sure. It felt really good being somewhere appreciated, loved, and dare I say, needed. I tried my best to make sure that Eric and Betsy didn't have to deal with shit. This was their day and they don't need stress on the very day of their wedding. When Jessica, Lisa and Myself got up to give them the key to a room we got them at the marriot. In front of 125 guest, all I had to say..... " Eric, I love you ", Betsy, I love you, and Thank you. " That was my speech, short, poignant, to the point. What was the best over all feeling of the evening, getting a personal thank you from Eric and Betsy and hearing them say " This wedding wouldn't have happened if it wasn't for you ". This is a memory that I will take to my grave. Eric is my brother and I did every single bit possible above and beyond my duty. as Eric says " dude, you really stepped up to the plate " Time to go peace

 you know it's bad when............ ............. you are dreaming about your boys wedding. Oh man, I have thrown myself into this thing 100%. Every fiber, cell, ounce or whatever metaphor you want to use, I have done. Last night as kinda cool. An idea was thrown around to get them a room right after their wedding because they have soooo many people staing in their house. So, Jessica and I collected some money from the bridal party. Last night, I went to the courtyard Marriot to get them a nice room. 200 dollars later, wine, flowers, and something that I will write as soon as I finish this, they have a room. I do have to say they have really lucked out with the Bridal party. I think every single person in that party has this unconditional love for Eric and Betsy. They have shown all of us this true meaning of friendship over the years. Eric has been a true staple in my life. He has been there through some serious thick and thin. He has proved that he is more then a friend. He hit real brother status. I do have to mention the Gift that we got last night. We all got Personalized swiss army knives. So you see my name across the blade. It is a beautiful thing. Anyway, let me not bore you guys. I gotta get a haircut ( baldhead ), nails done. I also have to make sure Eric gets a pedicure ( Betsy said I " had " to make sure he got one ). So,he has no choice. Peace, love, Porkchops Fish

 Ruff Rough day Today was a test of patience. I wish I could sit here and write every detail but in respect to some people, I just can't. I just hope there is room and tolerance for forgiveness. To remain as postive as possible, I got my penguin suit today. I don't believe that I will be wearing a tux for this wedding. I am about to practice the " penguin " laugh. The dinner rehearsal was really nice. Had food up the wazoo. Brough two plates home to the mother unit for she can eat up a storm. Oh man, let me go to bed Peace

 Hee hee........... I know I know, I said I wasn't going to blog but I broke down not even a day after I said it, I am week. I need help! Is there a bloggers help group? Well, yesterday was probably the best day of 2003. I went to visit my aunt. She is the wife of my Uncle ( father's brother ) that was killed back in 1991. After my uncle died, we really drifted apart and it was really my fault. I stopped going over there and it was one of the first reported " shutting out " pieces of my life. My aunt has been keeping contact with my mother keeping tabs on me. When my mother gave me the number and I put it in the cell, it was just a matter of time before I called. Sure enough, yesterday was the day that made for a re-assuring moment in my life. My immediate family includes my mother, father, aunt, and cousin. It felt awesome to sit in her living room at 11pm and drink her coffee. Her coffee is what made me smile when I was little. I almost cried yesterday talking about Christmas and the good times we had over there. I held in there and kept a level head. I realize that family is the best thing in the world. Family is what makes ya tick this steady tick. I went to see her in hopes of finding a reason and confirmation of me wanting to have my own family. When she hugged me, it made me realize things can change. Life is not that bad. I felt how much she loved me. How I thought of how she remembers me being born and my Dad taking me to her house when I was 3 days old and she held me. This wasn't just a friend of 15 years, she was family. It felt good. It felt loving It was something that has been missing in my life for too long. When my uncle was killed, I really lost it. I didn't care about much nor anybody. It was this rebel side of me that sought destructive means. Let's be thankful that all changed. :) Be good people Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 all under the name of ........... Rehearsals, dinners, haircuts, fittings, running around, nails done, facials. All under the name of marriage. Yes, my best friend ( brother ) is getting Married this Saturday. I even took two days off in order to help him and do anything needed for this wedding. I am getting a haircut and everything. OOoooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! yes, I am cutting my hair. I even got new socks for this occasion. My Lenny got me new socks. She rocks. I will also take this time to say that you will not hear from me until Monday morning. I am taking a blog break. I am slightly overwhelmed over here. So, until Monday Take care Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish ok ok ok I wil leave you with some tidbits.. Why do men have hairy pimply butts, and a girls butt is so pretty? A friend is someone that will bail you out of jail, a true friend will help you hide the body. Girls suck, real women swallow. Lust, love, and crazy freaky = sucking , swallowing, gargling :-) Peace

 Unity....... I write this now in order to get the true feel of it on the blog in the morning. I was looking through my usual channels at home ( Discovery, Porn, PBS ). As always PBS proves awesome. The first documentary that I saw were Latinos in the vietnam war. I won't get into this because it really upset me. The second documentary is proving to be a testament to family, loyalty, and some crazy mexicans. This is a great story on Mexicans coming form .... uh .... mexico and working hard to send money back home. Several Mexican's got together years ago and started a group called " Grupo Union ". This is a tight group that has brought their Mexican communtiy together to send money to their home town of " Boqueron ". On the forefront of their success.... A baseball stadium built for 60 thousand An ambulance for emergenices A basketball court Full kitchen for the school Church was renovated it makes ya think what can get accomplished if people come together. These guys probably have done more as illegals in the United States then what I have seen people born here do. Porkcops

 ...thinking Yes, I am in one of those pensive moods that usually means something bad is going to happen. This means that I have been thinking and it usually ends with some nonsense. Most of the day today, I was thinking about the direction in which I want my life to go. I am not rolling with the punches in " my " life. I believe in throwing punches and making change. I finally realized where I want my life to go and one aspect of my life is to remain " childless ". I know that children are a gift and all that . Thing is, in order for me to have a child, I feel that marraige should be in order. I want to have my house, my money, my cars, bikes, and 5 years of marriage under my belt. I believe in this because this is what My dad did and I admire that. he has always told me to be ready as much as possible to have kids. He says that you will never be fully ready but be as ready as possible. I love kids, yet, I can't see myself with them. I always said.... " not now ", yet, it seems that ' never " is more the reality of it. Here is my question that I pose to all....... If I dont want to have kids and my significant other does, where do we stand ?" It is just hard for me to think rationally about this subject when she stares at me directly in the face. There is a blanket of guilt that kinda smacks me in submission here and there. I don't know, My little bubble is calling and I think I am crawling into it Peace

 The best of.......... ............ choppers!!!! Yes, I spent most of my evening glued to the TV watching the Discovery Channel's Labor Day Marathon Chopper series. For all of those that don't know, a chopper is a type of motorcycle. They are custom made to show that rebel side that we all go through. Anyway, last night was the great biker build off. Where they had the greatest bike designers and builders around the U.S compete. Here in NYC we have a legend named " Indian Larry " that has been building choppers for over 30 years. He whooped this guy from Arizona and I was happy that the home team won. I do have to say this, the guy from arizona built this bike that was " the song of trent lott " of choppers. This thing was " Pearl candy apple " in color. The neck was out an extra 30 degrees and lowered 4 inches. It was more dragster then chopper. I have always loved bikes. The crusiers are what makes me all tingly inside. I have always had this dream of owning my own custom bike and just going. NO where in particular, just get on the road and go. Leave everything behind, and search for new memories. I know that it seems far fetched but I do believe in dreams. I also believe that hard work will get you what you want. So a hard working dreamer can't go wrong. Anyway, life is ok today. Catch ya soon Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Food, grab bags, poets, white poeple..... Not in that order but I had a great time last night at a friends house that had a house warming party. They truly lucked out on a beautiful apartment with the train station right downstairs from their building. That's what I am talking about. I got the balls to make a pernil with the joint effort and supervision of poppa dukes. IT came out really good if I say so. Also, what was the most banging food on a beautiful table, the chicken wings. Oh my god, someone made these chciken wings that I had to get a arm full to bring home. I was going to give them to my mother ( As all Puerto Rican older women wait for food from a party ), those wings are in my stomach as we speak. Great time, great people. No one got on my nerves. Even after I touched on a tricky subject matter for my next poem that I am thinking about. I wil pose the question here and you can answer and give it in the guestbook. I actually am looking for a good answer/ opinion. Uh... Mr Tony Brown, if you are reading this, I actually would love your take on the question. Likewise for Guy Question: When has killing become morally and ethically wrong??? Could killing ( or a more legal term..... Murder ) be the most pure form of nature's dominance??? Is murder wrong because of the law??? Doesn't that same law Murder ( execute ) hundreds of people a year with the death penalty?? Give me your views people. I want to get a great piece out of this. Peace, love, Porkchops Fish

 Envision this...... So, I just left Starbucks after purchasing a Chocolate Brownie Frappucino. I was discussing with some execs from the World Trade Organization about world dominance on the shoulders of the impoverished. After my suggestion of clubbing baby seals with the tail fins of rounded up and slaughtered Dolphins, we decided that we don't really need the ozone. So, I went out and brought a life time supply of Hair Net Hair spray to ensure that all my beautiful women have sufficient hairspray. While I hopped into their Hummer H2's that guzzled over 8 gallons of gas per mile, we finally got to the republican breakfast in honor of the National Rifle Association. With the lobbying of congress to lift the ban on street style assault weapons, the NRA has given a solid case as to why society would be safer with AK-47's, AR-15, HK-91's, and Automatic Street sweeping shotguns back in the hands of law abiding citizens. Most likely, I won't be able to get to lunch today. I have an appointment with the Commissioner of Human services. We are going to determine the best way to dissolve welfare, SSI, Coupons, Homeless services, child care, medicare, medicaid, senior services, home health aide services. Wow, what is actually amusing is maybe someone out there is actually out there thinking like this. Ewwwwwww....... Well, I am back at the job life is sucking, I swear, my boss needs to just die. Going to Rikers today to teach my kiddies. This is what I call amusing, I am currently taking the teacher training course from the Community Word Project. I love the course because I am learning so much on how to teach kids and what I call " little people". Thing that is kinda bothering me is that I have three interns coming with me to Rikers to teach. If they think they can apply those techniques that we have learned in the class, wow, surprise time. These dudes at Rikers are not little kids. These are kats that have been through some shit. Some of them are straight up knuckleheads that refuse to do anything. It has taken me 4 weeks to break them down and have them write something. It is not easy and I do not want anyone coming to Rikers and thinking that it is easy. Then, it's for fuckin free. It is time consuming. It can almost break you. Key word: almost . If you let it break you down, life is not going good. I have not left Rikers island not wanting to come back. I have left there feeling rewarded and thinking of new ways to make them write. I just want everyone to do well. Anyway, time for me to go. I started a new endeavor and I will put the link on this page soon. It is hard as fuck but I will try to keep up with it. Peace, Love, Porkcjhops Fish

 Since sleeping is no longer an option...... I love to do things completely out of the ordinary. Todays out of the ordinary jaunt was..........."Spooketry" in Jamaica Queens. Yes, I came home late and wasn't really in the mood to stay home so I figured that this was going to be my new thing for today. This was a nice interesting experience to say the least. I have never attended anything that Kool Breeze and RL tha Gifted one have put together. I am trying to keep a certain balance between the guy that loves everybody and the Guy that has a venue to nurture. Well, let me give you the nice guy recap: I got to Cheyenne Roadhouse and the place was completely empty. It was supposed to start at 9pm. 9:06pm and it was empty as fuck. I felt like I wasted my 7 dollars. I threw in two dollars into the mega touch machine to kill some time. A nice polite conversation with Kool Breeze about the semi success of Acentos, and like a flood into a bargain sale - the place got packed!! Then, Mr Kool Breeze mentions the buffet in the back. Oh Shit people, free food. Mac and cheese, yellow rice, BBQ wings, Salmon cakes and the whole 9 years. I was happy with my plate and the jump off began. RL got on the mic and warmed up the crowd with his little jokes and commentary and the festivities sparked off quite nicely. The open mic was pretty heavy. I went up first, Mad followed me, Extreme Conscious, Zoor, some white chic named Hanna Lynn, and the Dead Possum collective ( Don't ask ). I liked the vibe for the difference that it had compared to other venue's. The place got really packed and I was suprised for about three seconds. They have a good thing going on and I wish them the best. Now the hater: There is no way in hell I would ever want Acentos to even be remotely like what I saw today. There was a ligt concentration on poetry and a heavy hand towards " rambling". Rambling in the crowd, mic, audience. It was more so a fiesta with the rowdiest crowd I have ever encountered. Some of the poets were decent but it just wasn't something I could see myself patronizing on a regular basis. RL was a good host but the mix of comedy, rap, quasi - poetry, just wasn't doing it for me. I had to leave there early It was too loud, too rowdy, too just not whatI was used to. Makes me love my series more and more. I LEARNED WHAT NOT TO DO and sometimes that is the best lesson. Let me bounce. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 If My boss is sick, Why doesn't she just stay home? Why dos she insist on coming in then goi home early? Why don't the hundreds to maybe even thousands of unfiltered camel cigerettes take effect??? Why am I getting stuck with mierda?

 FINE!!!!!!....... ............. I will write something in more details. Anyway, Damn, ya folks are really into this blog thing. Oh, for the record, when I hit 10,000 hits, I am deleting this blog. I should be getting there around the new year. That means that with a new year comes "the new newness". So, I was writing about Starbucks this morning and I decided to go with brevity, behold three e-mails of "Fish, why was it so short" and some sarcasm, I write this entry. Yesterday I was doing the rare going home With Lenny bit and she wanted to stop off for Ice cream or Starbucks. Well, it was cold so I put my foot down and decided on Starbucks. It was a small redemptive irony involved in going to Starbucks. You see, the last time I was in that Starbucks, I was about $15,000 in the hole after a serious computer glitch did not allow my bills to be paid. I came home on February 14th to an eviction notice taped to my door. I literally almost died of the shock So, where does Starbucks come to play?? Lenny and I went to That starbucks and I remember specifically talking about that fuckin hole I was in. A piece of me was close to biting a bullet if things didn't get better. Take that as a joke or serious, give it thought. I remember that day drinking some coffee that Lenny paid for and told me that everything was going to be fine. After the thought of removing my existence from this earth was admonished from the head, I thought of my power moves that needed to be done. So, in going to starbucks last night, I felt as if that was the place to say " HA, I BEAT THESE PROBLEMS AND CAME OFF LIKE A TROOPER!!" That is why Starbucks is the shit. Has anyone gone to a Starbucks and seen the menu of different coffee's that they currently have for the public. What the fuck happened to those days of getting regular coffee??? Latte, mocha, frap, expresso, double, tall, grande, This , that, that, this. If you walk into a Starbucks with no knowledge of it, you are going to feel like an asshole. Walk into a Starbucks and do this......... Cashier: Welcome to Starbucks, How can I help you? you: Can I have a cup of Coffee please? Cashier; GASP!!!!!!!!!!! You: {Befuddled look on your face} Cashier: Sir, uh, , ummmmm You: What seems to be the problem? Cashier: You want just regular coffee? You: { Somewhat annoyed } YES Cashier: Then get your normal ass to the corner arab in the little portable cart and get your coffee there!!!!!!!!! This is STARBUCKS !! You: Wow, { you walk away shaking your head ) I don't know about this city anymore Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Starbucks is da shit Chocolate Brownie Frappucino = $3.86 It is crazy!!!!!

 Makes ya wonder...... This morning I start my usual tradition of....... Buying the paper, waiting for the train, taking my usual seat, face surfing. You ask what face surfing is???? Well, it's just taking a look at all the faces in the morning on the train and wondering what is going on in their head. Don't get me wrong, I am not staring at these people but I am taking a quick notice. I am the type of person that might not have the slightest clue who you are, but I know plenty about you. I know what time you take the train, your favorite shoes, your favorite coat, how long it takes you to finish that current book you are not quite interested in. Anyway, Of course, I see some of the pretty women take the train in the morning I wonder about them. This morning, I saw this lady that has been taking the 8:42 D train for the past 6 years. I will call her Shakira. I call her this because the first time I remember seeing her, she had these incredibly long blonde curls. She could actually be the long lost sister of Shakira. So in the past couple of years, she has gained some weight and hasn't quite dressed as stunning as what she used to. She used to get completely banged out when it came to going to work. Then, slowly, she wore more jeans, sweatshirts, and her hair in a ponytail. Make-up seems to have taken a backseat while her morning rush. Her smile has gotten scarce. The bounce in her walk has turned into a slow slog. This morning, she gets on the train and it saddened me to see her at the current state she was in. She had on some old dirty Nike sneakers. Her jeans were old and worn and might not have seen a washing machine for far too long. Her jacket was several sizes too big. Then, I look at her face, I stare. Her eye was blackened from what I only could have imagined was a fist. She hasn't found sleep in who knows how long. The bag under her other eye could attest to that. I wanted to go over and start a conversation and maybe start a friendship to save her. Then, What could I say???? " I have seen you in the past 6 years and I have noticed that you are going down hill". Most likely after she pulls out her syringe and sticks me with it, I might try to convince her that I am not a stalker. I couldn't even bury my face into the paper because for some reason, I started getting upset. Upset that something is happening in this girls life that is making her slip away. Something is taking such a toll on her, she is slowly dying. She is slowly wasting away. Let it be drugs, domestic shit, financial shit, family shit...... she is dying right in front of the only eyes from a stranger that just might care. It is too bad that today we are living in a society where we are so cautious of any and all helping hands. IF I don't have a white collar around my neck, a police uniform, EMT uniform or even a trusted friend, you will not accept my attentive ear and maybe helping hand. A hand that I have outstretched many times over the years. In times where people are down and can no longer fall any harder, I have been there. That has always been my way. Shit, I even lost friends because I was always helping other people. I figured they weren't my friends if they were not acceptive of me helping people. Over the years, I have gotten cold hearted to many things that I have seen. I used to give a couple of bucks to any homeless person that came to ask me. I used to help people out on a whim. Soemthing clicked in me and I stopped that. I think that is why Shakira didn't get that friendly hello. That warm smile and the caring " wanna talk ". I feel bad that someone that was once a shining light on my morning commute is now a frail soul with her hopes fading. Face surfing is dangerous Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Walk a path and look at the perfection called...the world That is how I feel right now. My little world of poetry is perfect. Tonight, I had an opportunity to host Acentos. How can I explain the the electric feeling running up and down my spine. Tonight was probably the best Acentos to me personally. The open Mic list was packed with awesome talent. The balance between male and female was right on perfection. For some reason, I had this comfort level hosting Acentos and it almost felt second nature being up there just doing my thing. I didn't try to do anythng, I just flowed and let the night play itself out. Then, I had an opportunity to introduce the fascinating ladies of Mahina Movement. If you have ever seen these ladies, you know what I am talking about, if you have never seen them, make a date to catch them. These ladies are fire, conviction, knowledge, voice and message all rolled into one group. Being able to see them and interact with them has made my month. I am loving the conclusion of this evening. My life is good Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Good night last night I am tired today because of that late night. So much poetry and 98% of it was decent. I do have to say this, last nights feature was this dude from Boston named J*me ( Jayme ). He looked liked an angry member from that old TV show the Monkees. His poetry spoke for itself. He came with some poetry from left field that made me go, wow. He had a really good balance between his reality and his metaphorical craft. Also, he was extremely appreciative of what we do at 13. So , I have to say that Mr J*me had to be in the top five features that has come through to 13. I will definitely follow this cat. I picked up his chapbook last night and it was definitely worth the 5 dollars. It is a total shame that more people didn't come out to see this cat. I got home last night and I was tired so I tried to go to sleep but I started a new poem. What sucks is that I am suppose to be editing and perfecting my poetry for my feature but sure enough, I am writing new shit. Don't get it twisted, new work takes priority these days. I was completely inspired last night to write something about my old block. Nothing in general, more detailed of the things that I have seen. This would give you a birds eye view of what is in the head. I might paste on here what I have so far to give you peek. Well, short blog today because I am tired. I have some work to do also Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish Work in progress...... This is not about America This is not about NYC This is about a stretch of 6 blocks in a Bronx neighborhood Where blood finds a path through sewers Stainless steel intrudes abused veins noses pull double duty to breathe thin air and open a path for chemicals that have traveled through immigrant hands, trucks, warehouses, packing tables, connects, pitchers, Playgrounds are hallways with vigilant mothers keeping watchful eyes Monsters lingering, preying on young regardless of those mothers eyes little girls going to school with bruises, violated bodies, made women before their Barbie's are even considered to be thrown away

 Why? Seriously. Why? Hello my little rug dwelling snot picking germ transporters!!! Ok, Today, I could act a fool. I feel good and I am happy. Yea baby, it's Monday and it is proving to be my favortie day of the week. Do you think it's because of Bar 13 and A little bit LOUDER Monday. I don't care , I like that name better the that LOUDER Monday shit. Anyway, I am walking to wrok and I see something that made me think. As everything makes me think, I have to actually write about this one. We are all subjected to something that we will never be able to avoid. What is this??? You ask this question knowing that I am in this crazy ass mood??? Ok We all will never be able to avoid Taxes We all will never be able to avoid heartbreak We all will never be able to avoid the aging process So, let's pick the art of getting old. Right next door to my building is the Elizabeth Arden boutique. I see every tom/dick/harriet walk in there and walk out looking like two dollars. I would normally say a million bucks but half of these people are over 89 hundred years old. There is not much to be done to a person with make-up when there tits are dragging behind them with the made and butler sweeping up the remnants of blood and skin that has been chafed off. The ones that kill me are the men. THose men that walk in there and they clearly have gray roots but they walk out with a new head of Black hair. I have seen older men walk in with black and gray roots and walk out with new Brown auburn hair. Why do men do this??? I understand that A woman will insist on trying to avoid father/ mother time. Women wear make up, push up bras, wigs, etc..... Oh man, do't even forget the plastic surgery. Why??? Why do women insists on holding on to something that is inevitable. Old age is not bad. Men age gracefully if I am not mistaken. What do women do??? They just don't age??? Look ladies......get fat, wear huge under garments, Put your hair up in a ponytail. Accept the fact that life is all about getting old. The more you try to hide your age, the more it shows. For the record, I like OLD OLD CHICS!!!! LOL So all you grandmas out there, be careful around me. Peace, Love, Porkchops. Fish

 what is good.......... ............ is the fact that you can be creative and challenging. I went to SynonymUS Studio Jam today. It was a good time for me, creatively. I expermented with some pieces and felt a really decent vibe towards the end of the night. I feel better My life is good Peace, Love, Pork Chops Fish

 No more writing from the laptop on the lap while watching TV. This entry comes from desktop under the umbrella of total silence. Preface: I have been writing poetry since the age of about 15. I call it bullshit poetry. I started performing my poetry in the Winter months of 2002, January to be official about things. I uppercased featured at Bar 13 on November 25, 2002. I use this date as the official kick off of my writing endeavors. The first Poetry book I ever read was by Jimmy Santiago Baca on November 26, 2002 that was given to me by Marty as my uppercase gift. Yesterday was another day that threw my whole world into a spin. It was a day that made me think, cry, laugh. Mostly cry for most of my night. As yesterday was Raymonds day to feature for the Word festival in Lehmans Lovinger theater, I told Raymond that if he needs anything, to let me know. He took it to heart and he called me at 10:47 AM Saturday morning. As I was half asleep, I told Raymond that I would pick him up at 3:00pm to ensure that he got to Lehman safe, on time, and comfortable. I did this for Raymond because he is one of the very few people that has not gotten on my nerves. Trust me on this one, people have gotten on my nerves. Whomever is reading this and saying I havent gotten on Fishs nerves, you probably have touched my nerves the most. As Mara, Obena ( It is not spelled like that but that is my nickname for her), and Raymond piled into my car, we headed to Lehman with more then enough time to spare. Elizabeth Bassford was already there and as usual, she welcomed us with open arms. As the instruments, bodies , and nerves were carefully guided to the green room and personal dressing rooms, I was happiest for Ray, Mara, and Obena. Good things happen to good people and this was Karma. Ray deserved this as much as anyone else. I have known Ray to give himself unconditionally to many poets to make their sets go off without a hitch. This was Rays time. I am glad that the majority of our inner circle was there to support him. Here is when things tend to get interesting. Elizabeth needed a get a car up to Tarrytown to pick up Robert Bly. I wont even mention who Robert Bly is because I know that most of you blog stalkers know who this is. Well, at the time of my ride up there to go pick him up, I had no clue. Obena gave me a quick heads up but I still didnt have a feel for who this guy was. All I knew was that Rick Pernod ( Co-founder of exoterica) told me that he talks too much. After my ride up to Tarrytown ( I made it there in 15 mins). I was going just slightly above the speed limit to give myself some time to get back with Mr Bly. Is 110 breaking the speed limit in NYC? So I went to the First Marriott hotel and Mr. Bly was not there. I asked for the other Marriott and sure enough, he was checked in and off I went. Great thing about knowing the world as then when you antsy, you might meet up with someone that you know from the past and it always feels good. I bumped into a dude from around my way that he married into a rich fucking family. I was happy as fuck that one of my Ghetto brethren has come into some money. His girl was model gorgeous and he has totally lucked out. Anyway Mr Bly comes down from his room after he took his obligatory 25 Diva minutes and I introduced myself as a friend to Elizabeth Bassford and I was there to pick him up. I opened the car door and he got in and we were off. I saw Mr Bly and the first thing that came to my mind was This old fuck better not die on me. He survived the ride back at a slower 85 and everything was good. He give me a run down of most of his books that he has published adnd the translations on some other work. I am like " oh shit ", this is not a bullshit poet. Little by little, I realized that I am with someone that has been doing this for a VERY VERY long time. Once the bullshit was out of the way, we started talking about poetry and he asked me what I do. I told him about Acentos and what we are trying to do for our community. I told him about the LouderARTS project and our goal of having writers concentrate on craft and quality. I told him about my life and how I got into poetry. He asked me to recite a poem and I gave him half of my latest father poem. He said nothing at my impromptu performance and I brushed it to the side. Now, it was his turn to talk. He asked me if I ever slammed my poetry. I mentioned to him that I do slam once in while to get the excitement of competition into my bloodstream. Then I interjected with, Poetry is certainly not all about slamming. He then says Slam gets tiring after you hear the same angry stuff all the time. First vertebra in my back was broken. Most of my best pieces are my angry pieces. Then, he says that most poetry is meant to be read aloud. Slam just over rides the reading of poetry . I start thinking, he might not even know Marc Smith but he just called him an asshole of sorts. He proceeds to tell me about a story between him and Cesar Velluja( Forgive my spelling) and Pablo Neruda. Here is a man that knew and worked with Neruda and Velluja. He told me that Cesars work was genius. He then told me about a certain style of poetry called( forgive me if I kill it) Gazalle. It is a poem in which you only have 36 syllables to say what you want to say. After 36 syllables, you have to change the subject. I was shocked because that is a challenge in of itself. He then says that most American Poets tend to ramble on and on and not give much original thought to what they want to say. Instead of saying something straight to the point, they skirt around it for 7 stanzas before they say it. He asked me at this point, where I feel craft could benefit a poem?. I told him that craft can be another form of originality. Not many poets are willing to tap into the creative elements of their brain and tend to read books to get as good as the poet they are trying to read. Craft and quality go hand in hand in which the fewest amount of words will convey the strongest view of that particular poem. I think I made an assholle of myself because every time I said something, I would finish it with, In my opinion of course . I will always be grateful to always have a certain discipline within me to make sure that I have a quality poem. At this time, we are pulling up to Lehman college and nothing has even remotely changed my life. We get out of the car and I open his door because his little old ass fingers cant find the handle. He gets out and tells me that he loved my poem. He wants to get a copy of it. Now, I am giddy. Now, I am a fool. I kept my cool but inside, I was a wreck. I got in the auditorium and I handed off Robert Bly to Elizabeth and she was estactic. I got him there with time to spare and everything was great. I went into the green room where I had a fly by night conversation with John Hammond and ate some great toasted bred with tomato. I saw Roger, Elana, O, Rich, Maria and a bevy of other people that I knew. My head was still in another world as I tried to maintain focus for the evening. With the start of the show, Ray and the SynonymUS crew was first. I am so proud to not only know these people but also call them my friends. Ray was his normal cool amazing self. His shoes were the most rocking pair of shoes I have ever seen him wear. Abena ( I spelled it right to make her happy) was incredible. She had the make up to perfection. Her glitter was put on just right to make her look like an Angel. Mara was an incredible force on stage and her dress made her look one step short of Godly. Mind you, I dont like white girls, but Mara was priceless. Up next on the program was John Rodriguez. This dude has some poetry that will make your jaw drop. If you are from the Bronx and into Poetry, John Rodriguez is a name that rings, screams, yells.. I am from the Bronx. Then John Hammond, This man was an explosion of talent on the stage, He is a blues walking history book. His singing, guitar playing, even a harmonica was intense. Sadly, I had to leave because I was overwhelmed with my own personal demons that I have to contend with. I think the only thing I could do is my best in this field. I have a lot to learn and that all comes in time. At least when I was leaving, Elizabeth had a fabulous care package for me that included 5 books and a t-shirt. That made my day perfect. So, as I am writing to you battling my own little creative demons. I will promise you this, I will always battle and I will never give up. Mysteries are not to be solved: If you try, your eye will go blind.* I will live with my mystery as to why I am a writer and a poet. I wont solve as to the why, I will work getting better and being respected. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish * Rumi

 As usual, I am getting my daily dose of Blog. I have never taken any drugs in my life but blogs are truly addictive. So I come across Guy's blog and he is talking about Gun an shit. I am not getting techincal today for the sake of my own sanity. So, my life as a gun Freak will be spelled out in vivid detail today.......... Wow, guns. What can I possible tell you about guns??? I could get all intellectual and tell you how to break down a HK 91 without even breaking a sweat. I could tell you that the Glock 19 has to be the best gun for a street battle. I could tell you that any gun made by Davis is worth about three bucks. I could tell you that Smith and Wesson's are priceless on the street. I could also tell you that the most powerful handgun that I ever fired was a Super Python 445 magnum. Get the point?? I was and probably somewhere in the deep recesses of my body is a gun fanatic. Every since I was young, my father held an interest in projectile weaponry and it seeped over into my genes. My father owned a mossberg bolt action shotgun ( antique ) and I used to just take it out of the leather case just to touch the butt of it. IT gave me this tingly type of feeling. The first gun I have ever own was a Raven .25 automatic. It had 5 in a clip ( bullets ) and 1 in the hole ( chamber). That had to be the cheapest gun made to man. The whole pin was exposed inside the chamber. The pin is the piece of metal that hits the bullet that makes it fire. So when the bullet fires the chamber slides back and another bullet is loaded. Uh, with an exposed pin, one jam and the pin breaks and the gun is worthless. Of course, you would think I would learn after 3 pins. That raven was the first gun that my father ever found in my room when I was living on Elder. I remember walking in and my father hand the gun in his hand. He asked me " What's this ?". I told him, "it's a Gun pa". He wasn't too amused. He just let me do what I wanted to do and said that I would feel the consequences if I ever got caught with a gun. I always thought that he meant he would try to beat me but that was not the case. My second gun was an Italian Beretta 92F model deluxe. That gun was the sweetest gun. My third was a .45 Cal StarFire. It was a compact Combat style 45. It was a bulldog of a gun. My Fourth Gun was an AMT Hardballer .45 cal competition pistol. This gun was huge and the kick was crazy. After that, came the Desert Eagle .50 cal. This gun was probably the only gun that ever scared me. I brought a Mossberg Assault Shotgun with the collapsable stock. A .22 beretta with the wallet holster. This shit was HOT!!! The holster was an actual wallet and the gun went right in the middle. If anyone tried to rob me, I would go into my pocket to remove what looked like my wallet and I would hand them a huge surprise ( 6 shots to the face ). I had the AT-22 Feather target pistol. I came across a Walter PPK 32 Cal. This gun was the Rolls Royce of the Gun world. I came across a small 22 Cal. Derringer with two shots that I got into every single club I ever went to. Hint Hint: Grab your chain and put the gun on the chain. Don't put the gun on your chest, place it to your back. The Chain looks like a choker and not many bouncers check that far up your back. A harrington 22 Cal. 9 shot revolver. This gun was cool because most revolvers come with 6 shots, this one had 9. After 6, you think we are done, whoah , here comes three more. Finally, my pride and joy, my Glock 20 40 Cal with an extended 40 shot clip and silencer. I miss that gun. I got caught with it and until this day, I miss that gun like I lost a child. That is not all of them but the main ones that I remember. Once things were getting kinda crazy, my life was synonymous with carrying a gun everywhere I went. Where ever you saw me, Fish had a gun. It was common knowledge that from my area, I had the best aim, knowledge, and mechanical skills when dealing with guns. I took it to many levels buying magazines and researching everything about the subject. I used to go to the gun shows and try my best to steal as many guns as possible. Why not buy??? Fuck that, gun shows are expensive. Funny thing, I had so many guns in my house and when you are young, you tend to blabber. So, I made up a story that someone broke into my house and stole my guns. I even broke my window to make it look believable. Could you believe that I had some people come up to me saying they knew who took my shit??? I was pretty amazed at the whole thing. Guns. Wow. I think that I replaced my love for guns with poetry. That is the only thing that I could figure out as to why I love poetry soo much. So, do I own guns now?? Of course I do. Do I have them in my possession ?? heheeehehehe. No. Would I tell you where they are??? Sure, after I am dead. I'll leave you a note. So much to write but most is incriminating! LOL Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 You are Fish The Butcher! You would be famous for chopping up and slaughtering of people in your own grusome way. That would be why the cops would not be able to identify your victims. Cops are on your payroll anyway. You would probably get ideas from slasher movies or previous killers, but turn them into your own thing. You have a creative side to you, which is scary, and you would use it on your victims. You would not be vicious or anything; you may go all cool and casual with a smile, and then do your work and examine your victims. The public would really want Fish the Butcher away from the streets! urlLink What Would Your Serial Killer Name Be? What Would the Public Know You As? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 ONLY in NYC...... Sometimes when I come to work, things are wacky. Today I am getting off the train and I see this dude laying down on the floor. As supine as he cane be with his legs crossed and hands also crossed over belly. This guy was not the usual homeless guy. He was actually rather cleansed looking. I paid it no mind and I just proceeded along my merry way. When I walk up the stairs, to my immediate left, two people laying down on the floor again. This time it was a guy and a girl. My brain then said, "wow, people trying to get out of the cold weather really bad these days". Since I am late, I brush off what I just witnessed and trek the short trek to work. I walk through the Rockefeller promenade and half way through, 3 more people laying down. Nothing to fancy from the way they were doing it, just laying on the floor looking comfy. Now I know that something has to be up. About thirty feet in front of me, a young lady was giving out pamphlets. I tend to never take these things as they find their way to the nearest garbage can. For some reason, this is the one piece of paper that I decided to grab today. When I opened it up, it stated "when do you notice the homeless?". Wow, powerful. Then I thought to myself that I notice homeless people all the time. I just don't really give a fuck about them. I know I know, that is cruel. It is true. IN NYC, there is no way in bloody hell that you HAVE to sleep in a subway. There are resources up the wazoo here that will get you somewhere to sleep. Different point. Was these people making an artistic statement or activist statement??? What is really the difference?? Aren't artist in one form or the other, activist? As a poet, I write about unjust shit and I recite it on the microphone. That is one form of being an activist by opening the eyes of society to what I see is wrong today. Not all poetry is activist related but you hear a good part of it talk about oppression, ghetto, fucked up world, hunger, sadness, rape, killing, drugs, political lamb roasting. That is a good question, where are we artist or activist? I have steadily noticed that in my search to become a better writer, I have tried to give that back to my community. I have done it in the form of the rikers workshop, Acentos, CWP. In all these projects, I am giving a piece of me back to my community. Even though I have a long way to go, I do know that my path will lead me to a great promised land. Hmmmm...... where is that?? I don't know but, I do know where I have been. Being there has giving me strength and drive to become the best that I can. Well, in my search to become a better writer, you will notice that my mistakes are going to be few and far between in my blog, journal, poetry, e-mails. I have been getting very good tips on "strengthening lyrical abilities". Ok folks, Time to make believe I am working p.s I got busted for leaving my job early yesterday, my boss is not happy. As always, I had back up plan B ready. LOL. I am the man Peace, Love , Porkchops

 Rikers Chronicle's Hello people I am back with another edition of the"Rikers Chronicle's". Today in our column, we will give the detailed witnessing of a woman bringing nature to the Rikers parking lot. Everything went well today at Rikers and the fellas were very receptive to Piri Thomas ( poet ). We went over the poem "Born anew in the A.M), and they broke it down nicely. The exercise after the class was good also. I now have a roster of 43 students. Don't ask me where the extra guys that are not even in the program came from, they just sat in and did well. Anyway, back to business, Riker's is COLD AS FUCK!!! I got there and froze my balls off. I left there and since my balls were frozen off, I now will admit, "women need not worry,I have no penis nor balls to use." When I got to my car, I stood there after receiving a phonecall. I was chit chatting with my friend and noticed a lady that was walking around her car. I didn't think anything of it. I am chit chatting and the lady goes into her trunk and takes a bag out. Once again, I didn't think anything of it. Chit , chit , chit, chat , chat, chat. After the lady goes into the backseat she then emerges with the same bag full of this tangent yellow liquid. Oh God, she truly went into the back seat of her car and pissed into the bag. It makes me think, why do I go to Rikers? I see crazier shit every single time I go there. Next week on the Riker's Chronicle's, join me as I describe an old lady getting gang banged by 4 pipe laying brothers in the bus stop. Peace, Love, Pork chops Fish >)))">

 I am cursed!!!!! :) It was one of those nights. I just did not have the capabilities to fall asleep. With the insomnia doing a number on my body, the television and myself bonded lovely. First order of business, my morning will mostly likely determine how my day will go forth. In saying this, my day should be shitty. Got out of bed and went over to the TV to turn it off. I have a maglight on top of my entertainment center.. A maglight is one of the heaviest and most durable flashlights known to man. I walk over and I somewhat lose my balance and I knock over the maglight. I almost caught it before gravity took hold. This thing weighs about 2 pounds and it smashed into my little pinkie toe. One huge resounding " Fuck" later, I limped around enough to take a shower and come to work. SO I write to you with a huge swollen pinkie toe. Last night was one of those good nights. I was watching some TV (Yankees Baby!!) and laid back to enjoy a good night bonding with the boob tube. I was surfing through most of the movie channels and stopped on "showtime". This movie " The Ring " was on and it was fuckin crazy. It dealt with this VCR tape that was lingering about and death would fall upon anyone that saw the tape within seven days. On the seventh day, the TV would turn on and it would show that static. Then, a well would appear and this child demon would come out of the TV and kill you. I am not getting too detailed about the movie because it actually freaked me out. I finished seeing the movie and I am trying to get 40 winks. I usually leave the TV on in sleep mode and in turns off with 30, 40 or 90 minutes from where I set it. I set the TV and close my eyes. 20 minutes later, I hear static on the TV. The Same fuckin static in the movie!!! I know my face was frozen like one of those white chics in a typical slasher flick! I picked up the remote and turned off the TV. If the TV would have clicked on by itself, I would have shot it with my Mossberg. Fuck that, I am fighting back . I couldn't sleep after that. That movie was good to make me think and add the whole TV debacle and you get FISH WITH NO SLEEP!!! So, an ode to Poltergeist and the Ring. Fuck ya both Let me go puff out my afro Peace, Love, Porkchops

 I like having a nice time When you are dreading being somewhere for the fear that you will get aggravated, you tend to get stressed. Well, last night, things were so sweet. I got to Bar 13 to witness a decent turnout. I handed my new flyer to one of the Loder folks to set them up and I just attacked the crowd to give me MONEY!!! After I caught the crowd and I knew it was not going to get more packed, I was ready to hand door duty down and go concentrate on loudnote taking. I really like that part of the night. I just concentrate on the open mic and keep thinking what I am going to write in vivid detail to give everyone the best feel of the night. Last night, I have to give kudos to Cheryl Boyce Taylor who is fuckin insane. She read a poem called" Things that Cheryl hates, her rants". She lost her mind. She shouted poets, people, and even me. It was all in fun but I realized that you have to be careful in what you say to people. Her poem was awesome. It even stated " Take a workshop, some of them are free". The night was good. I slammed last night but got bumped in the second round. I felt good making it to the second round after drawing an early slot and using a brand new piece I never read on the mic. For all you blogger stalkers, the Father in the Barbershop poem got me a 24.8. It is kinda low but for a first draft and not even a feel for the poem, I think it went over well. Of course, I went with the Lares piece in the second round but the cumalative points didn't let me get to the third round. When the rankings start coming out, I have to make sure I make the semi's. If I have to pull out big guns, I will do so. Until then, I will keep challenging myself to write new material in different styles. The father piece is something that I am really proud of. I had three poets come up to me and hug me to say that I touched them with that piece. That means alot from those craft poets. I don't think I could read the same pieces over and over again and risk a poet shouting me out in the future. Remember folks, I have a bad temper. :) Anyway, no res for me last night. I was feeling the white castle and sure enough, 5 burgers, chicken rings, soda, and a huge hunger screaming stomach had me eating like an animal! Time to make believe I want to go to work. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish >)))">



 .....really not liking the radio ......simply because of the pandering to drama and bullshit that society thrives on. This morning I have hot 97 on because I have been to lazy to change the station ( This is the only excuse I could foster after not being readily to admit that I enjoy that station). So, not paying much mind to the station after putting on the porno channel, they annouce, " Next up, Poetry ". I am thinking, " oh shit ". Closed the bed, turned off the porn channel. Started checking my e-mail to kill some time. When they introduced the poets, it turns out to be Georgia Me and Poetri from Def Poetry Jam. I don't know them perosnally but I listened. I now have realized how much I despise morning show drama. The questions that were asked from these ignorant host made my blood boil. The comments almost made my heart stop. That ms Info Bitch was saying........ " Spoken word is more of a grunge backpack thing " " Are spoken word artist failed rappers? THey are always trying to flow like rappers" " Would you battle a rapper line for line?" I was heated, how could anyone ask these questions that have no relevence to anything. One thing for sure, The poets handled themselves beautifully. They answered the questions gracefully and failed to get the responses that the morning show wanted. You see, they want drama. They want bullshit. The poets failed to give them that. I was happy for that much. I have my idea of getting on a radio show. To spread the love and community of poetry is one. Pero cono, these motherfuckers insist on bullshit. They want to know about " Poet Beef ". That shit doesn't give off nothing but negative views on poetry. I am glad that these two Def Poets did n't fall into that. Well, time to work. Mucho work. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Running low I have commited myself to many projects. Community word, Rikers, Acentos, Louder. I have steadily noticed that my tolerance is running low and my patience is even lower. I am tending to get somewhat confrontational with people who want to shower me with there pompous opinions, unjustifiable justifications, bullshit questions and then some. Time to get things done for me. As we close out the year in 2003. My next year will begin with new material, projects, endeavors. I need change before I start breaking jaws. THat is the point where I feel I am getting pushed. Oh, for the record......... From this point on. Anyone, anyone reading this, realize, I can not stand the word "asshole". Do not call me an asshole. I have let some people get away with it and have withheld my anger. I am sorry, no more of that shit. If you know me, you know I hate being called an asshole. So don't do it and push my buttons. This is not a joke and it is as serious as I can get. I am not in a good mood today as you can see. I just want to relax and attack Monday with smiles and joy. Until then......... Peace, Fish

 Voices for the ..........uh.....Wow Ok, 190 miles up north off Interstate 91 in a 5 college campus. One college is Amherst College. This is where my hooptie and lead foot led me yesterday. Guy, Shappy, Ed Garcia were featuring so I decided that this would be a great opportunity to meet new people and see different poetry. The ride up there was sweet, not much traffic and it was smooth. Ed had his rental car and Guy took his, I took mines just on the general principle that I could do whatever I wanted to do. When we got to the college, we went to a student center and there was a shitload of kids there. This is when the oldness started kicking in. These were college kids and they looked young. I felt really out of place. Yet, they had a pool table off to the side and I couldnt resist. Guy challenge me to a game and that motherfucker beat me. ME!!! The Guy that is ranked a 9. I am almost a pro!! He beat me. That is ok, he knows the deal. After the Spanish food that was in major abundance, we headed to the Keefe campus center to meet up with Shaggy Flores. It was good to see him and have him recognize me and show me mad love. The first question out of his mouth, yo, you want to spit ?. I said that once I get a feel, we see. I kinda wanted Helen to read because the females were really scarce. Ed started pushing for payment of poet services. I honestly didnt care but if a check was to be cut with my name on it, by all means, get me a pen and I will sign. You see, I didnt have a clue how many people were going to be witnessing the 16 poets leave their hearts on stage. I am thinking small reading. 100 people the most. Yea.... uh huh. When I walked into the auditorium, my heart dropped, my balls shrank, my throat locked. I was think, fish, what the fuck did you get yourself into. I tried to play it cool but about 2 mins before I went on, I thought I was going to die. First to open the show was Crystal with an Ode to fat chics. I am serious, it was an ode to fat chics. Taalam Acey was there and he did he thing. I never seen him read and he did well. La Bruja was there and she almost made me change her mind from her performance at the Bowery. She went up there and did the same thing. She bugged out and made the best time of it. Then, she dropped this poem that was crazy, she got a reprieve. Then Giles li got up and killed it, it was also my first time seeing him and he was great. Queen Sheeba did her thing ad ran the longest in the time zone. Everyone had 12 minutes and she divaed herself out to 15:49. She brought the room to this incredibly high bar with her energy. I was joking, wow, I have to go after her. Her energy is going to make me look like shit. LOL I got up there and I had 6 minutes so talking wasnt much of an option. I just got up and joked quick with the crowd and went right into it. Oh my God, I channeled this nervous fucking feeling and delivered the best performance of my short spoken word career. I did the Roger at Nationals bit. I wasnt screaming, I worded perfectly. I concentrated on my anunciation. I used every bit of advice from my workshops, team experience, slams, practice. I felt like I was born anew. I loved it. Helen had the other half of the 12 minute slot and she did great. I told her yesterday that she has to be the coolest girl in Poetry. Shaggy, Bonafide, Kevin Coval, Shappy, Crystal, Dennis, Guy, Soulfighter all got on the stage and fuckin killed it. 18 poets and not one was garbage. Not one bad poem People, Afterwards, students wanting autographs and signed material had me bugging out. It was lie we were famous and shit. Under the umbrella of poetry, this trip was awesome. I got a nice poster with all the poets signing it. E-mails were exchanged and numbers collected. Yep, my mission to Mass was complete. Acentos flyers were handed out and many Bronx residents that were attending school up there were excited. As Guy said, Acentos Represent The night started winding down with some denials of several invitations to parties in rooms and such. We just wanted to go get some food and we decided to head over to the local pizza place. This is the part where you might refuse to believe me. This pizza shop was the size of an average pizza shop in NYC. There were a few college kids waiting to get pizza. How many you ask??? At least 500 kids were out there. I am not joking with you, there was a barricade outside the pizza shop not to let the students spill into the streets. I looked at Shappy, I am not that ungry dude. I know that it is ard to beleive and I am not trying to embellish this story, but, there was about 500 people outside this pizza shope. After that failure to get food, we drove over to a Dennys where Shaggy, Bruja, Danny Solis, Kevin Coval and myself sat at a table to talk. The conversation was mind-bending. We spoke about Poetry, Acentos, Latin anthology to be released at the 2005 nationals, Latin writers alliance, Louis Reyes Rivera talking about Acentos. We touched base on everything and I can see big things happening. Went back to the room and I was tired. The first thing the hotel clerk was screaming was two to a room , I was like, yea, I walked straight upstairs and got comfy. Since Guy had to take Shappy to the airport, he was out of the room at 6:30am. Hahahahaha, now you know why I brought my car. I slept in until 10am and it felt good. Guy woke up talking shit that I snore, I never said I didnt . I am a man, I SNORE CARAJO!!!! Helen didnt mind my snoring, plus, I am sick, bit me. I have to give credit to all them kats up there that made this event possible and a success. I got alot of good ideas. Mostly, what not to do to make things run smooth. Shaggy is somewhat of brash in his ways but his certainly has a good heart with incredible ideas. It was definitely worth it and my Poetic resume now says, featured reader at Voices for the voiceless. Life is good with good people Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 seafood and pool Can I explain to you how much I love seafood!!! Last night, Eric came to my house to pick e up to go shoot some pool. The night of shooting pool quickly turned into , " Let's go get something to eat". Even though my stomach was full after eating a hearty meal at my mother's house, I could never tuen down food. Fish turning down food is like Fish turning down a blowjob, it just can't happen. Gay men, please do not apply after that last statement. So Eric, Tom, Mike and myself headed to Seafood city in City Island and we comepletely made fools of ourselves eating WAY too much. I had friend clam strips, garlic bread, and 6 baked clams. You can hear my hormones acting a fool right now. Listen closely........... " I need some" !!!! Anyhow, Eric had a shrimp and chicken franchese. Tom had shrimp parmesian. Mike has shrimps stuffed with crab meat. We all picked off each other and completely enjoyed that awe struck feeling of, " I just ate too much but I don't care, I am happy ". It was great to see Tom and Mike and hang with them. We haven't all hung out for quite a while. Eric has been working and we just figured that after the wedding, he would have more time. That was wrong in so many ways. I don't really write much about Tom and Mike but these two are a novel in the making. Tom and I used to work together at the Club in Norwalk. He was a bouncer and he needed an extra guy and that is when he called me up. I worked there for about 19 months. It was interesting to put it lightly. Tom and I used to go to the GYM together and work out like animals. We sparred with each other. We got pretty tight actually. THen, he got on my nerves . We are still cool but sometimes it is good to keep people at a distance. Tom is kinda like a rabid racoon. He will bite ya if you corner him, other then that, he is cool from a distance. Mike on the other hand is more the normal one. He is the medic with a penchant for swords and everything violent. Don't get it wrong, they are both violent but Mike is more my type of violence. As for these two, they are tight as brothers should be. Tom gets on my nerves sometimes but I just tend to ignore him. Not much to balbber about today. Tomorrow, I am off to Mass. to Voice of the Voiceless. Wow, I am driving three hours for a poetry reading, I have no life. peace, Love, Will take offers for ...... Well, Not really. LOL Peace FIsh >)))">

 You find inspiration in the weirdest places Today, coming home from Rikers, there was this lady with her little two year old son acting a fool. Behind them was a lady that was playing with the little kid. After the lady got tired of playing with him, she kinda wanted to stop, the kid didn't. She tried the silent treatment but he kept on. She tried to just play the "sleeping" role to ween away his attention. The kid winded up this swing and smacked the shit out of the lady. I couldn't even laugh because I was shocked. The lady got up and the mother's excuse for her kids action was " well, you shouldn't have been playing with him". Me personally, I would have smacked the mother just for having a fucking SAVAGE FOR A CHILD. Anyway, I started thinking about the times when I was a kid and I spent oodles of time with my dad. So, this was brn today. It is different from my usual tirades. Give me feedback........ untitled Every Month, my father and I walked three blocks up 183rd street to the Grand Concourse to our favorite barbershop. Since my recollection function in my brain began, my Dad always had his hair cut in the same fashion, Primp the side Shape the back of the neck, leave some in the front When I was six, we took a walk up those same blocks on a breezy fall day to engage in our monthly bonding moment My dads barber wasnt there that day but with some convincing from the quartet of Hair aficianados, the stubborn man known as Dad was convinced. The new barber that was a virgin to the land known as Dads hair told my father you are going to get the best haircut that money could buy The chair was prepped and my old man sat. The absurdly brand new angel white smock was wrapped around his flabby neck. The skinny black comb was lost in his greasy and even darker shade of black hair. My fathers neatly combed hair that has not seen the other side of his head was going into foreign territory. As he called it, the dreded pushback. With the comb being followed by steady slow strokes to maintain conformity, the barbers eager caress of my fathers hair reminded me of my mother. The sly strokes that pampered my fathers locks while watching the evening news The scissors clipped against each blade and made that sound that only a barbers brand new silver scissors can. In between the barbers middle and fore fingers was dads hair waiting to be clipped. As the hair fell from the soft cut, they landed on the floor like the stress removed from dads 8am to 8pm factory shift The comb eases through dad's new "push back" style to reveal a shiny scar over his right eye. His face was round, his eyes were brighter, his smile matched his new found coolness. The blade that I feared so much after taking a piece out of my skin was ready to bring perfection to my dads new follicle statement. The water bottle sprit careful streams to moisten his skin. Under the flourescent barbershop lights , he had a glow to him. He doesn't budge and the shaping was magic. Above his ear, across his forehead, the back of his neck Without a blink, the hair blower clicked on, and a new comb, with finer teeth, eased back my dads hair. Slow even strokes followed by that barbers steady hand made him anew. The talcom powder was applied with a large soft bristled brush and the angel white smock was off. He looks different His hairstyle changed, his side cut was now the full blown D.A. My Fathers walked with a bop that cold breezy afternoon We walked back down those three blocks on 183rd as the ego lasted for one day, about as long as the new hair style That day, he was cool and that barber shop glow never left him Dad was Just Dad My first father poem people!!!!!!!!! LOL Time to sleepy sleep Peace, Love, PorkChops

 A serene lake's mirror image is shattered by the winds of..... ...........yea, circumstance is the only word that I feel can fit in there. Today is a day in which I will shy away from craft, quality, and even sense. I have been thinking about this taboo subject for about 2 weeks. The only viable explanation for this feeling that I have is........ "love is a motherfucker". Yep, that is what is going through my mind. If you give it, your fucked, if you don't your fucked. There is no winning happy medium when it comes to love and all related to it. People, I have seen love come and go in my life much more then the normal relationship having peon in urban NYC. I have always thought that I have sincerely loved others in my "ready to crack" relationships. Then, I have come to terms with something that I have always run away from. I don't think I have ever loved. I don't think I have ever truly sat down and given love the true time it deserves. I have felt when it comes to relationships but I don't think any of it could be considered a tangible form of "unconditional love". IF I write down what love can be......... Unconditional Sacrificing bliss moving emotional secure If I go down this list. I don't think I have ever done any of these in the two relationships where I have declared my love for someone. I have felt this undying need to say it when it is said to me but, was I really at that state of mind? I am willing to make someone feel good. I am willing to give them a good time. I could be attentive, caring, affectionate. Mostly, that is where it stops. I have never been willing to sacrifice too much of myself to make something work. It is so much easier to sacrifice the relationship and let time heal your wounds. I have taken chances with the hope that the bacitracin of time will heal me. I think one day, I won't heal. I will continue to hurt until that one day that I no longer feel anything. I have this witty ability to with hold my love from the fear of getting hurt. I don't jump into anything to deep without knowing that it is worth it. The question remains, How and when do I know it is worth it? I have had three women tell me that they love me. One was a pure unadulterated bitch. The other was just a depressed mental case. The last, she was just her. How I treated them??? I treated the Bitch like if she was my world. I gave her the breathe that she breathed. The mental case, I gave her all of me. I gave her my heart, mind, and money. The last, I held back. I wanted to make sure it was worth it. I wanted to take my time and make sure that falling in love was the right thing to do. How do I know it's the right thing?? I don't know that answer and that is what cost me. Am I hurting??? Yea, In losing, I always hurt. Last night was Acentos and it was the best one we have had that was not a special occasion or powerhouse feature. I had to do the emergency hosting because my partner could not get there at the 7:49pm start time. In that happening, looking out into the audience and realizing that I had to sacrifice my support, it hurt me. I lost my staple, my drive, my backbone in everything good. No tears, but sadness No wondering, but sacrifice No regrets, but..... I'm sorry Peace, Love, Blessings Fish

 Will be back tomorrow........ Been gone with the winds people. Gotta get back on the ball and remove some of these monkeys and make some decisions. I am alive and ok at least. Peace, Love, Pork chops

 Good Morning It is one of those days. Not much to say. Actually, I have shitloads but I will keep those loads in me for mere reasons that many of you will never understand. I just wanted to say good Morning, afternoon and have a great day. Also, My lovely lovely fellow poet has a Birthday and you all should take out a moment to wish her an incredibly warm Happy Birthday. "Vanessa, Happy Birthday Girl, I send you a kiss and a hug and I will see you soon" Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Community Word Poject training Day 2 Please be warned, this is going to be a long ass post. I Have time to kill here at home and I want to get as much of this feeling out on the blog. Well, the day went well. Today was the day taht all our presentations were due. As the un-fearing, stoic animal that I am, I volunteered to go first. As being the sacrificial presenter of our assignment, if I did my wrong and anyone did something similar to mines, at least they can change theirs around to get something correct. Alas, all was good. I had Keito, Diane, and Sugar as my pet projects and everything in the presentation went well. I was very happy with the outcome and it was "tight". The best part of about today was seeing at least 17 people give their views and perspectives on what was their " creative elements". I learned from so many people sharing an intriguing intropective view from their artistic dicipline. I had the best time with certain exercises that I had to take part in. I think my favorite one was with a oung lady that is a story teller and visual artist. We had an exericise that we had a group of three with two artist and a model. Simone and myself were the artist and Sugar was the model. We had to get two adjective to describe what sugar was feeling and use the props that were provided. Simone and I brainstormed until we finally got something that we agreed on. Sugar looked out the window and he was really pensive. Then, with a long shaul type thing, we put it over his shoulders. We then grabbed a scarf and wrapped it in a head dress. I taped it and it looked like an african king tribal head dress. With Sugar looking out the window, it was awesome the community and reward of the exercise. I had to say that was my favorite one. The most beautiful presentation of the night was by Bushra. She is of palestinian decent and she dropped some spiritual bombs. She started in Arabic and then said a story about her Grandfather. Then she segued into a butterfly presentation and passed out cut out butter flies with quotes from Rumie. Oh my god, she killed it. Tai dropped a great interactive piece with music in the background. Claudia did her presentation and had us walking around the complex like little chics. Diane Roy had a great presentation where she stripped her clothes off and used that metaphor as removing layers. Keito did a great emotional piece that I was digging. I think that everyone today did great. Some people took this exercise as a challenge and delved into deep personal areas of their lives. They shared those moments wth is that made them vulnerable and accessable as human beings. The emotions in some people's presentations were sincere and made you rip small scars in your heart. This program is proving to be worth my time and energy. In giving them 100%, I am dead tired. So , in interest in keeping my sanity, I will stay home tonight and work on a new piece that I thought of today. Roger, Marty, I love ya but I am staying home with my computer and thoughts. On that note, it's time for me to run and start my rest period. Peace, Love, Porkchops

 Solid night....... ........... said the fat puerto Rican man. She Tonight was the first ever Acentos troupe going to blue stockings book store to feature under the umbrella of "Soul Nation". The bookstore itself was actually really cool. Alot of books ( duh ). They were also selling several really cool t-shirts but I was too broke to even think about buying one. The night was pretty nice with the opening of a short film by a young lady named "e-fierce". I think the title was "Corporate Dawgs". It was funny to look at. Then a young "out of the closet" lesbian went up and sang some really nice songs. You all know that I am not too keen on mixing different styles of arts, for some reason, this worked and it didn't aggravate me. She sang three songs and made her way stage left. Then, up next were the Acentos Poets, I was a little ticked over my biography because it made no mention of me cofounding or even being involved with Acentos. Since I wrote it and submitted it, It was my fault anyway. No biggie, I brushed that shit off when I was called and did my thing. the vibe in the room was awesome. I read two new pieces and an old piece and got great rev's after the set. One girl that teaches in the Bronx asked me to come down and read some poetry for her students. Can anyone say " that is an in ?". So, I sent er my schedule for when I am free and we will take it from there accordingly. When she gets back to me, I will figure out if it will be just me or other poets in tow. I would prefer other poets to come down. Not even a day after I read, I got this e-mail *************** E-mail ********** Hey Fish, I saw you at Bluestockings just a few hours ago and I just wanted to say that I was really blown away by your passion and poetry. You have an amazingly powerful voice that I think would benefit my students to here-as it did me. Would you be interested in giving a small reading for my fourth graders, and maybe lead them in their own journey of self-expression through words!?! I look forward to seeing you on Third Avenue soon! Thanks, Emily ************************************************* See, life is good after all Time to go Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Supressed but rewarding Yesterday was the radio show on WBAI 99.5 FM called Perspectives with Louis Reyes Rivera. We trekked into the radio station and we were all suprisingly calm. Guy was rock solid as his normal Met's loving self. Ed was very smooth. Oscar was great for all those years in listening to Opie and Anthony. Rich Was good. I was there just for the ride. I flubbed some lines but that is just me. I have to start talking slower. I think things and my mouth can't catch up. I think the best part about yesterday was Louis giving us the best comments about what we are doing up at Acentos. He said some things that truely had to give us some points. All in all, we read our poetry. We interviewed slightly and read more poetry. The experience was new and also very rewarding. Just being there because of all the hard work that we have done is one of those side benefits of busting our ass. I got some e-mails from a few listeners. One said: You sounded like urkel. ( I am going to kick her ) Another said: Fish, you are my nigger but you sounded gay ( I have an ax handle with his name on it. Besides that, it was good for the resume. As we were the guest, we technically featured. So, another feature spot goes on the resume. yeah baby. Last night I headed to Urbana ( Bowery Poetry Club ) to catch Daphne again and get into the slam. I am kinda stressed out so I figure that a slam would help nicely. Sure enough, I did ok. I read my I am off parole piece and made it to the second round. I got up there and dropped headlines and killed em. Dawn and George killed them more. I didn't make it to the 3rd round. That is ok, I got my respect. Rich and Oscar both slammed, they both read well. I am feeling good about slamming this year. I have some strong pieces and they seem full of potential. I will slam next Monday at Bar 13 and make sure that I at least get some rank. WEll, I am off to go teach at Rikers. It should be a good day today. I am performing tonight at Blue Stockings for Soul Nation. Also, I am going to try and hit the Nuyo to see Manny do the spotlight. Other then that, life is just OK. You all know, when it is ok, it should be better. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 If I listen closely.......... I can hear Guy over where he lives laughing at the last three outs in the Boston- Yankee game. Bottom of the ninth and Guy has that deep belly laugh thing going on. I respect him so I won't really say what I want. Anybody else, don't push the buttons. The Yankees were really sucking today. I just got home and it is 5 - 2 Boston. Giambi pops up and it is still 2 balls and 2 strikes. I can actually see Boston Fans in Yankee stadium. Oh God.......... the pitch........ Ball 3. Full count. Another pitch........ Caught him looking with the 3-2 slider. I swear to the all mighty dollar, they are truly fucking suckin right now. I want to write about the mazing time that I had with my Man Eric tonight, but I can't tear myself away from this TV. Now the Puerto Rican wet Sock known as Bernie Williams is up. Oh fuck, hits to first, 2 up, 2 out. One more out and the fucking Yankee's go home losers for the night. You know what, fuck the 26 previous championships, ya need to get one for 2003. I am not tring to hear that the Yankees are the best in history. History can kiss my ass. Ok, Jorge Posada, another Puerto Rican sock. Ok ok ok 2 balls, 2 strikes. Let's see what he does. The pitcher winds up, he throws... Full count. 3 balls, 2 strikes, no men on base. COME on WET SOCK!!! The 3-2 pitch, he swings, foul. He is still alive. Wet sock, wet sock, wet sock, wet sock, wet sock. The pitch, caught him lookin. Swing carajo. Be a man!!!!!!! Boston wins. I have a radio interview with Guy tomorrow at 2pm, I am taking my brass knuckles. Anyway, today was a good day. Nothing to brag about at work but afterwards, things started looking up. I had some official duties at Mindbuilders and it entailed me picking up some electronic keyboards. I solicted the help of Mr Rich Villar and he brought his truck down and we stuffed it to the brim and off we went. Got to Mindbuilders and spoke with Oscar and Rich about some good ol Acentos business. I love the way we can pow wow and always be on the same page. Anyway, the best part of my evening you ask? I got to hang with my brother Eric. I haven't hung out with him since who knows when. He has been working 15 jobs and barely has time to think. So today, we played pool. Yes folks, I got back on the pool table and dusted off the semi-professional skills and brought it. For all you poetry folks, pool was the perrenial favorite amongst the vial heathens that I call my boys. Pool started after I broke up with my demon spawn hell raiser ecuadorian slop bucket of an ex-girlfriend. Does that sound bitter?? I was going for petty but bitter will suffice. At the same time, Eric was going through a break-up with an ex of his. Thursday was just getting together and just letting out the built up steam from during the week. It was Wil ( dickboy), Eric ( E ), and myself. We started going every thursday and it became the place for all of us to meet up. Before you know it, Thursday was offically guys pool night. I remember when John, Oscar, Jay, Keith, Jordan, and a miriad of other schmucks came to the pool hall to put their skills on the table. After whopping all their collectives butts, not many returned. After Dickboy fucked up like the royal asshole that he is, it was just Eric and myself. We played pool until our fingers hurt, backs cramped, legs swelled. We ran games like poets create haikus. One after another, we just kept on. To get the upperhand, we used to go the day before to practice. When one found out, we would go two days before and even the weekend. So I practiced six days to get ready for Thursday. We were all alway hellbent on beating each other to the ground. My best day of pool was when I beat dickboy 9 straight games to his 0. He was not happy. We got pretty good. I played in several semi-pro leagues at amsterdam billiards and got rated a 9. 10 is pro in the pool world. I could have kept with it but the cards didn't fall that way. Pool was always just to relax and get my nerves back in order. I weened away from pool tournaments and the straight up hustle. Being good at pool is scary. You can consider yourself good when you tell people that you are not. If you brag how good you are, you probably suck. I was always used as the " tool " in bets placed at after hours clubs years back. They got their best pool player and bet 100 a ball left on the table. So if I beat their best player and I leave him with 6 balls on the table, I got 600 bucks coming to me. There was an after hours on third avenue that this dude was known to be the best player all over. Him and I broke even that night. He was good but he was just a shooter and didn't quite grasp setting up the next shot. I also say, those small bar tables are not pool tables, those are practice mats for bigger games. A shark in a bar sucks at a pool hall. A shark at a pool hall is unstoppable at a bar table. I truly went off the beaten path. Well, Just playing pool with my nigga and finding some normalcy in my life. I felt good today. I ate popeye's chicken, saw my nigga, played pool. Now, If I could only fall in love, life would be perfect. Let me run' time to bounce Peace, Love, PorkChops

 ........annoying things You ever had one of those things that everything annoys you? Just waking up and looking at the picture on your wall that has been there 10 years and it just annoyed you. Phone rings, you are annoyed. E-mails opened, you are annoyed. Buy the paper from the same little Arabic man from the past 9 years and the way he looks just annoyed you. Well, welcome to how I feel today. Welcome to the world that if you call me today, you will annoy me. Last night, I was home thinking over some things about my life and trying to work on this presentation. The thinking over took my presentation and the aggravation kicked in. A friend of mines called me last night and she was the unlucky recipient of some spontaneous ranting. The advice was solid but the situation is still extremely precarious. I am in a place where I want plenty for me. In other words, I am shying away from being selfless. Time to do for me and me and me and me. Does this mean that I can give 100% to anything besides me? I don't know. Does this mean that I could love? I don't know. Does this mean that my life is confusing? That i know. " In search of " is defined "to sacrifice" in my morbid book of definitions. That is the way it feels to me. My life is going to sacrifice plenty to propel me to that plateau of success. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Stick your tongue in the air and taste it...... Taste the air for life, taste the air for love, taste the air since you actually woke up to taste the air. Life is good to me. I woke up this morning with a drive to do everything righteous. I was tooo chipper for some people yesterday so I toned it down. Inside, I was screaming. I wanted to stop every person in the street and shake them by their shoulders and scream "I am off parole"!!!! Ahhh, yesterday was my vacation. I didn't do anything. I decided that I wanted to enjoy my first day of total freedom. I chose to just sit and enjoy everything about night from poetry to reflection. Most of the night, I wasn't there. I was somewhere else thinking about my wrongs. I know I know, don't give that much thought. Well, I have to. Everything in my life revolves through right and wrong. IF I choose not to think about the wrongs, what will stop me from making those mistakes again? Everyone knows that we all have made mistakes. Most of mines have been doozies. From the bullshit that we went through High school up to my neighborhood. 80% of my high education was hanging outside with a group of the most amazing motherfuckers. My block wasn't that far behind. The guys I grew up with had there idea of "love". The love was to beat the shit out of anybody that crossed you. As weird as that was, you knew that they would do anything for you. Of course, this was vice versa. I miss the love and good times. I miss growing up and just going to the corner and meeting up with " the fellas". Somewhere, it all went south when the drugs, shootings, and killings began. I know that life would have been so much better if drugs didn't come into the mix. If money was more readily available through employment. I am not talking about 5 bucks an hour. I am talking about a good job that pays all the bills. Unfortunately, that would require an education and half of my dawgs barely passed 8th grade. I am not lucky. I am not blessed. I don't care for those terms that relay justification for my outcome in life. I do work hard and this is for me and my people's. This is for my community. This is for my dawgs. I miss my boys Freddy, Tony, Mark, Kevin, Steve, Harry, pupi, Jorge, Tico, Baby Angel, Little Wil, On the real, ya niggas are in my heart. That is why I write. Ya motherfuckers need to put ya spirits in my pen and let me know what you want to say. If not, I will see ya soon enough. W have some catching up to do Rest in Peace Peace, Love, PorkChops Fish

 Freeeeeeeeeeeddddddddoooommm!!!!! Dudes, I am done. No more reporting to bullshit parole. No more non-sense. No more problems, aggravation, heartache, hard -times, fights, misery! Nothing. I am sooooooooooo done! They checked to see if I paid my fines and all and they gave me my send off. I wrote this poem for the occasion. Fish and finishing Parole She sat stoic in the steel chair that screams fear every morning she walks in Her hair was in the 15 years on the job ponytail with plastic glasses that overcame her round wrinkled face She smelled of Ben gay but reaked of animosity, anger, and she was just plain fed up. Our conversation went like this..... As smug as she can be she says, Ok, you are done, Good-bye I return the volley with sarcasm Thats it? yes No balloons? "No", marching bands? "no" a deployment of helicopters in a victory formation Nothing? No "Thank you" for 5 years of upstanding NYC citizenship while on my conditional release? No congratulations for not strafing the law.......again.? " Vargas" No no no.... It is now, Mr Vargas. You were happy taking my urine over and over again until that one day I filled it to the rim and you were like whats that ?, uh. just like you wanted, nice and warm to boot You were intent on seeing me fail, seeing me get upset, seeing me admit to MY crime. You were there to ask me stupid questions. Have you been arrested again ? well, you would find out anyway so why make YOUR job Easier? You were hoping to violate me with the use vague threats If you are late I will violate you If you miss a day, I will violate you If you breathe, eat, shit, or think a criminal thought, I will violate you You pushed me to the proverbial edge of what little sanity I had left You treated me like a criminal Ok, It wasnt too far off from the truth but........ Guess what??? I want to scream in your ear to make you listen I did it, I admit it I placed my forefinger around the un-reasoning of my glock to hear 17 explosions of uncertainty and I took my own life Every one said " the scum of society, a criminal", Any other wonderful terms of endearment you would like to call me?" How about " another young latino lost from the lack of Direction "? I quickly became nothing A cyst on the skin of society I built blocks of resentment I labeled them My anger My hopelessness My Regret All these have ignited fire in my heart an endless bastion of 3rd degree determination " Here is what I want to Scream " I put up my finger in a sign of defiance. only one finger stands but if a young brotha makes a mistake , I will hand it to him Together you will have two showing you what we think two fingers will be four Four will be eight Eight will multiply TO AN ARMY In Teasing me, boding me, tempting me Fuck your five years I have life My students at Rikers I have my cars I have my job A mother and father that love me My Brother Eric, Oscar, and even a friend that I call Dickboy A girl that gives me the world My friends who stood by me in those 5 years 4 years 3 years and those pompous egotistical heathens that I call poets are now my FAMILY and I have my love of life in which THAT ... You will never take away She still sat stoic in the steel chair, unnerved, un moved, I added another "1 minute" of anger to her job that she despised She adjusted her " 15 years on the job Ponytail " she just said "Good-bye" Fish Peace, Love, Porkchops

 Tiger attacks and homework Ok, When I turned on the news and I hear that the NYPD had to subdue and remove a full grown tiger, this means that I have seen it all. This dude in a NYC 5 room apartment had a full grown Bengal Siberian tiger in his apartment. That thing was pushing at least 400 lbs. The tiger attacked the owner and he goes to the hospital and say that his pitbull did it, the doctors were hip that the injuries were not "pitbull related", they called authorities and the guy bounced. At the same time, the tiger was pissing so much that the urine was seeping through the floor to the apartment below. Her complaint was " I have tiger urne coming through my ceiling". If I was on the other side receiving that call, of course I am going to brush some crazy old lady. So we have tigers in NYC, what 's next? Yesterday was my first day at the community word project teacher training program. I was ther half dead after I went to 120 wall street instead of the designated 120 Broadway. I know, I'm a moron. The class was incredible. I have a new found respect for Michelle and Lisa. we did some great exercises and they brought the whole class tgether as a community. I won't ruin the gossip that will be born Monday night. I'll let you in on a little secret, I was an image sculpture of a butterfly. I was the most ghetto butterfly that you probably have ever seen. So, we learned many things yesterday about Multiple intellgiences and creative elements. I have an assignment due next saturday that I have to figure my creative elements. I have to get together A TEN MINUTE presentation using the multiple intelligences. I was thinking of a game show type of presentation with three volunteers. As of now, out of 8 we have to come up with, I think the following can be my creative elements: environment experience risks commitment dedication craft energy If anyone has input, drop it in the guestbook. So, my day is done. Long day today Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Weird Dreams Yea, I know, It is too early to be up at this time on a Saturday. Well, I have things to do so bite me. Ewww, I'm cranky. I can't even think how cranky I will be tonight. LOL Last night I had the weirdest dream. I would love to know where these dreams come from. The dream consisted of most of the poetry people that I knew. We were all sitting around a huge table. On one side, everyone had these blue t-shirts with " this is what we believe in" written across the front. There had to be about 11 poets with these shirts. then, everyone was standing around them and they refuse to talk. They were just sitting there and didn't want to hear anything, talk about anything, nothing. They seemed rather stubborn. I got the impression that they wanted to do it "their" way and that 's it. It was just a weird dream. I don't like looking into my dreams that much but if I did on this one, I would probably depress myself. So, with that being said, I am off to CWP. Peace, love, porkchops. Fish >)))">

 Beautiful day......... Oh man, I feel good today. As I hauled my big round ass to Rikers Island, I was content with today's calls. I had to deal with beureaucratic bullshit but The class made up for it. Today, I actually exhibited control of the class. I have these three dudes that were insisting on talking and bullshitting. They were paying attention but wandering off into "Talk shit space". So te main thing that I tried to tell all of them is that respect is the key element of my class. So thye kept yip yapping and I had to pull their card. So, with a couple of well places words, they chilled and realized that I am not there to play around. Shit, I volunteer my time and these motherfuckers think I am going to waste it when I go there, fuck that. Like me or not, you are going to listen. Best part of today, the kid that "Wasn't feeling the class" came back this week and started writing. I now have 39 students that are all writing and listening. I had one kid that was trying to fall asleep but my "tension relief" exercise would even keep dead people awake. Another great part of today, we had an extra 15 minutes and one of the fellas got up and asked if he could "spit" a piece. This gentleman is a muslim with a great interest in the class. He recites a pretty decent poem. THe fellas started jabbing me to do one "like that". So, three pieces each later. The imprompty show was over and we both got a resounding applause. Last week, I asked for respect, today, I earned it. Good day, good life. Tomorrow, I start Community Word Project. I am going to become a certified teaching artist Yeah baby Peace, Love, Pork chops Fish

 Fish's word to live by (the re-mix) Accept that some days you're the toilet that catches, or what falls into the toilet Always keep your words soft and sweet, just in case you have to eat them. Always read good poetry that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it. Drive carefully. It's not only cars that can be recalled by their maker. Then again, if the cars are recalled, that doesn't make the maker of those cars all that great does it? Eat a raw penis in the morning and nothing worse will happen to you for the rest of the day. This applies to all males, that are straight. If you can't be kind, at least have the decency to be vague. If you lend someone $20, and never see that person again, it was probably worth it. It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others. "Don't be like him" Never buy a car you can't push. Don't push yourself to buy a car you can't afford. Dumbass Never put both feet in your mouth at the same time, because then you don 't have a leg to stand on. Just make sure you haven't walked in a field of shit before putting the feet in the mouth. Nobody cares if you can't dance well. So go home. The early worm gets eaten by the bird, so sleep late, watch porn, sleep more When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane. Turn around and go with it and be the "bad times" for the guy behind you. Birthdays are good for you; the more you have, the longer you live. Also, you get laid more Ever notice that the people who are late are often much jollier than the people who have to wait for them? So when they get there, smack the jolly guy and you would both be upset. If ignorance is bliss, why aren't more people happy? You may be only one person in the world, but you may also be the world to one person. SO do as you please. Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once. Having sex with your girl when the recorder is on. Heehee Don't cry because it's over; smile because it happened. Then do her in the butt again! We could learn a lot from crayons some are sharp, some are pretty, some are dull, some have weird names, and all are different colors but they all have to learn to live in the same box. Until the litle kids melt them all on radiators A truly happy person is one who can enjoy the scenery on a detour. Unless he is lost and cursing at everybody. "Hey buddy, how do I get out of this shithole town?" Happiness comes through doors you didn't even know you left open. Not in the Bronx. I have three locks on my door. A 12 gauge mossberg shotgub, a bat, and one mean chihuahua!

 Why do I love it sooo??? No, not porn. I am talking about Rikers. I am talking about Acentos. I am talking about the louderARTS project. I am talking about the newly formed latin writers alliance that will be annouced soon. Rich told me something the other day that struck such a cord with me and has even stopped me in my tracks. Rich" Dude, you are so selfless that it comes down to a time that you have to do for yourself. T You have to think what you have to do in your life to better you " Man, I almost cried when I realized that the majority of my life has been helping others help themselves. When there is a project to be done and you need help, call Fish. I will be there with my sleeves rolled up fired up with such a conviction that you will be amazed. I jumped into Louder, Acentos, Rikers, Community Word, LWA. Without a thought, I am there to further a cause and do what I can for the literary field. What have I done for me? I have gotten some small opportunities here and there but where have you heard me do for me? Wow, almost rare that I will say that I am doing ANYTHING for me. My life has gone so well in 2003. Nothing bad has happened but I am quickly questioning what were my achivements " personally ". Forgive me for ranting but right now, I am kinda weird in the emotions department. I should be happy but for all the hard work that I have done this year, I need more. I deserve more!!! Is being selfless a fault for me? Is being me just not good enough? I just feel weird. Peace

 Redemption Well, Last night was Willie Perdomo doing his poetic wordly gymnastics at the Blue Ox Bar.So, back to poetry on the blog! It was a packed house last night. It wasn't the most packed I have ever seen it but it had a number of people. Leslie was typical leslie in hosting but she is getting better, slowly, but she is getting better. She has some serious connects with the BCA, I can't even explain to you everything that she has done for us. We have gotten gigs, jobs, references. Last night it was the louderARTS open mic. As Rich, Raymond, Oscar, Edward Garcia, and Myself read on the open mic. So you know it was a solid night. Oscar, Rich and I all read new pieces to a good mixed review. I was happy as a pig in shit when Willie Perdomo told me that he was feeling my "poem". REDEMPTION after making a fool out of myself at Morgie's cafe about a year ago. The night was good. Ate a pizza that was kind of nasty actually. Stay away from the pepperoni pizza. We still got to plug the shit out of Acentos.We got good leads on some poets. You have to talk tothe poets to get them to come read. I am home entering this blog because my job is going to be crazy and I am not going to have time to think today. So, I will bid you farewell and hope that everything is going well. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish >)))">

 Just ten blocks Figure it out from what I am talking about. Anyway, yesterday was a significant drug seizure in the Bronx. 850 pounds of pure cocaine, $500, 000, two guns, 5 people arrested. Somewhere out there, somebody is pissed. What would they be pissed about??? The drugs, money, guns? 850 pounds of coke is not a pretty penny that you want to lose to anybody. The seizure was said to have an estimated street value of $ 11 million. Of course, cops don't know shit. Let's try more in neighborhood of $27 mil. If it was for the cooking of crack, triple that. Once the coke gets to NYC, it is pure. They have to cut it down ( step on it ) and mix it with baking soda to give it quantity but you are taking away from the quality. Take a walk to the local grocery store and tell me why they have such a HUGE stock of baking soda, makes ya wonder. Baking soda was never that great a seller until crack came to play. Like I was saying, 5 guys were arrested. Two drivers that came up from Mexico. Three people here. They are basically fucked. The drivers might get away if they agreed to a " Non-disclosure " contract. In other words, "I went to pick up this truck and I drove it to NYC and dropped it off. I had no clue what I was dropping off". That is the case about 90% of the time. Drivers never have a clue what they are driving, delivering, picking up etc. The three guys in the warehouse have issues thought. Don't even think they are getting bail. 1 kilo can get you 25 years if you are found guilty of trying to distribute it. You can't say it was for personal consumption, there is no way in hell you can take 1 kilo just for your little nostrils. So, wish them luck, for they are fucked (That is the poet in me). Peace, love, porkchops Fish

 I am not dead yet. Chest cold has moved up to the head. Nose is stuffed. Head is aching. Chest hurts from coughing. 3 days, no food. I should get something to eat

 Ok, I am coughing up lungs and the slimy shit coming out of my body is not right. I am assuming that n featuring Tuesday and thinking I was cute and walking outside with a t-shirt, I am paying for it. Then, Wednesday playing football in pretty cold weather took a toll on me. So I dont know If I am sick or I am fighting a flu or a hard case of Ebola. Just in case.......... Here is my last Will in testament: I hereby leave the following: Diane Roy gets my porno collection ( Just videotapes ) Rich Gets my furniture for his new Apartment Eric gets my Playboys Roger gets my Poetry Books Guy gets my 27 inch TV Sony trinitron Lenny gets my snowglobe collection and Pictures Eric F gets my james Dean pics Parents get the rest uuuuuuuhhhhhhhh...... I feel like shit right now

 Turkey is good but Shrimp ceviche is better. Oh man, regardless of me being sick like a dog, I trekked to Erics house to celebrate a little bit of Thanksgiving over there. I walk in and there is food on the table, food on the stove, food by the sink, food everywhere. Once Oscar told me his mother made shrimp ceviche, that was my first plate with some white rice. Oh man, I have been upset for a couple of days but that sure put a smile on my face. I am home today with no plans on leaving my house. It is raining, you know Fish hates the Rain. If I ever went to your house and it was raining, it is all out of love. So, the sandwiches will be plenty today. Italian bread and turkey people! be good Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Why am I an animal?? heehee Today was a Thanksgiving feast in my job. Everyone in the company brought a meal to share. We set a table in the mailroom and the food was in abundance. Turkey, chicken, ham, roast pork, Mac and cheese, potato salad, macaroni salad, cakes, cookies, pies, and arroz con damn near everything really. I ate like such a fool and the toilet Gods were loving my delivery. After work today, the research department in my company put together the first impromptu Turkey Bowl. 22 guys got together and headed to Central Park. After finding out that Central Park is full of shit, we found a nice spot to engage in a testosterone filled nonsense of men getting WAY TOO CLOSE!!! Can I tell you that these guys were not ready for me.? They were about as good a poet at a Rap concert. It just didnt work!! I couldnt bare myself being on the field as these dudes attempted, rather poorly, to play the game that I love so much. So, it goes like this....... three interceptions one touchdown 4 for 4 receptions several deep passes blocked As they thought the fat puerto Rican man couldnt run, seems that going deep wasnt an option evertime I was all over their play! heehee I love football I love poetry more

 overwhelmed, sad, emotional, redemption, love. I feel an array of emotions going through this body. Tonight was Acentos and it was memorable. How can I even start? Where can I start? what to say, what to say........... I have been working for a long time in trying to make this the next step in my poetic endeavors. This feature was my make or break. I think I made it the next level in my writing and I feel good. The night went great and Guy was an incredible and gracious host and he alone stands as Best in my book. The open mic was solid and I am loving everything in my life right now. Just being a poet and performing at this level in front of my closest family and friends is priceless. I wish I could sit here and explain every detail but that takes time. Right now, I dont have time. :) Peace Big crazy love to my dawgs and partners Rich and Oscar for making Acentos great. The personal thanks are forthcoming also the personal "go to hells"

 I have done everything possible within my power to make things work tonight. I am tired, excited, nervous. For some reason I feel like using the word "redemption" to describe how I am feeling. Yet, it is the proper context alluding me at this moment that I am trying to figure out. Tonight is the night and my blog is going back to the personal journal that it was supposed to be. I used this thing to market Acentos a tad too much. I feel good today. Already cried this morning when I looked back at how good my life is. I am so happy to be doing something that I love with friends that appreciate my every step. With tears rolling burning a path down my cheeks, the salty taste on my tongue makes it worth it. That salt signifies conviction and love all rolled into one. I have conviction playing football, playing pool, paintball. IT was something that I was good at but never loved. Today, I can say that I am doing something for the love of the art. People go to museums to admire art. The art I love are the words put down on paper. Abstract words that are intelligiently put together to give you detailed images. Poetry, writing, reading is my art. I paint pictures with the words that escape my pen. I hold back thoughts until uneven, undefined, unwanted words in my head completes vivid wants. I want to write and now I am learning how. Life is good See you all tonight Peace, Love, Poetry Fish

 If you are driving in tonight........... From Queens/Brooklyn 1: Merge onto I-278 E toward TRIBORO BR (Portions toll). 4.26 miles 2: Merge onto I-87 N/ MAJOR DEEGAN EXWY via exit number 47- on the left- toward ALBANY. 0.42 miles 3: Take the exit- exit number 2- toward WILLIS AVE/ THIRD AVE BR. 0.12 miles 4: Stay straight go onto E 139TH ST. ( make a left ) 5: Go straight to 3rd ave ( Blue Ox Bar is on the right hand side ) 139th and 3rd ave From Manhattan FDR NORTH. Take the Willis ave bridge go down willis ave to 139 street. Make a left and go down 139 street to 3rd ave. *************************************************** Featuring FISH!!!!! Acentos @ Blue Ox Bar 139th street and 3rd ave Bronx, NY Fish Cell: 917-209-4211 6 train to 3rd ave stop ( 1 stop out of Manhattan ) Coming from Manhattan, please use the exit closest to the last car. For any additional information, call the Blue Ox at 718-402-1045 Driving...... >From Manhattan FDR NORTH. Take the Willis ave bridge go down willis ave to 139 street. Make a left and go down 139 street to 3rd ave. Blue ox is on the right hand side on the corner. Fish Peace, Love, Porkchops



 Give Taylor Mali the assist on this blog entry. Cultivate friendships with opposites I was once a card carrying member of the ACLU and the NRA at the same time. I maintain cordial relationships with several misguided individuals who I wish would wake up and start seeing things MY WAY. "Reasonable men and women will differ," my father used to say, "and if you don't know anybody who thinks different, then you're not doing you're part." Go ahead and have your heated discussions, construct and attack each other's arguments, mirror, reason, articulate, and rebut. Then have a toast. Off to a poetry reading tonight, wishing all well. I never gave this much thought. I always think if a person rubs me the wrong way, I don't deal with them. Why should I ??? You make your bullshit points and intend for me to believe you on your bullshit??? Well, why is it bullshit? Why do I feel that way? Hmmmm...... Time to start building. Maybe not in a direction to replace a failed friendship, but to build a constructive and amicable relationship where "agreeing to disagree" can be possible without me wanting to break a jaw. It takes time. DON'T FORGET TOMORROW!!!!!!! IT"S ON!!!!!

 Tuesday, November 25, 2003 Acentos Premiere Bronx Poetry @ Blue Ox Bar 139 & 3rd ave ( 6 train to 138th street ) Featuring FISH Fish Cell: 917-209-4211 6 train to 3rd ave stop ( 1 stop out of Manhattan ) Coming from Manhattan, please use the exit closest to the last car. For any additional information, call the Blue Ox at 718-402-1045 Driving...... From Manhattan FDR NORTH. Take the Willis ave bridge go down willis ave to 139 street. Make a left and go down 139 street to 3rd ave. Blue ox is on the right hand side on the corner. Open mic sign up at 7:00pm sharp a night of music, poetry, family, love and support. Come support the love for a night that will prove to be memorable. urlLink Acentos is coming of age with a fiesta baby. I think I have plugged this event enough, for all of you that know me, I am tired. No more pluggin for me

 Tuesday, November 25, 2003 Acentos Premiere Bronx Poetry @ Blue Ox Bar 139 & 3rd ave ( 6 train to 138th street ) Featuring FISH Fish Cell: 917-209-4211 6 train to 3rd ave stop ( 1 stop out of Manhattan ) Coming from Manhattan, please use the exit closest to the last car. For any additional information, call the Blue Ox at 718-402-1045 Driving...... From Manhattan FDR NORTH. Take the Willis ave bridge go down willis ave to 139 street. Make a left and go down 139 street to 3rd ave. Blue ox is on the right hand side on the corner. Open mic sign up at 7:00pm sharp a night of music, poetry, family, love and support. Come support the love for a night that will prove to be memorable. urlLink Acentos is coming of age with a fiesta baby. I think I have plugged this event enough, for all of you that know me, I am tired. No more pluggin for me

 The best news that I have heard this week, maybe even the month, shit, I will be bold and say that this is the best news I have head this whole year. My buddy from Florida found out that his lovely wife is pregnant. I am soo happy for him. His wife was a reservist and has been serving since the start of this mid-east debacle in Iraq. She comes home for rest and relaxation and she gets pregnant. Viva la Sperm!!! In my most inner circle, Eric has Noel and now Jose will have a baby.. Life is good when you hear news that puts a smile on your face. Peace, Love, Porkchops

 For Immediate Release November 3, 2003 Contact: Erika Wood, Legal Action Center, (212) 243-1313 Kele Williams, Brennan Center for Justice at NYU School of Law, (212) 992-8637 Juan Cartagena, Community Service Society, (212) 614-5462 VOTING RIGHTS VICTORY SECURED THROUGHOUT NEW YORK STATE People with Past Felony Convictions Will No Longer Face Barriers to Registration -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- New York, New York November 3, 2003 Just before Election Day, the New York State Board of Elections has put an end to widespread local practices that disenfranchised thousands of citizens with felony records who should have been eligible to vote, three advocacy groups who negotiated the agreement announced today. On October 29th, the State Board, acting in response to an investigation and advocacy campaign mounted by the Legal Action Center, together with the Brennan Center for Justice at NYU School of Law and the Community Service Society, directed all county boards of elections to remove a host of barriers that had prevented people with past felony convictions from registering to vote. State law automatically restores these citizens' right to vote once they have served their maximum sentence or been discharged from parole, but an investigation by the advocacy groups found many impermissible road blocks erected by local boards that prevented voter registration. More than half of New York's 62 county boards of elections, including all five boroughs in New York City, have been refusing to register individuals with felony records until they provided various documents. In many cases, the required documents do not even exist. Others are not available to some former felons or are only issued after a lengthy waiting period. After the Legal Action Center, the Brennan Center for Justice and the Community Service Society brought the problem to the Board of Elections' attention, it and various state criminal justice agencies agreed to sit down with the advocacy groups and work to remove the barriers. The newly announced State Board of Elections policy resulting from the groups victorious advocacy campaign instructs county boards to register people with felony records the same as they would any other eligible voter by accepting a completed registration application with the signed voter affidavit. The Board's policy explains, "everyone who presents themselves to register, completes the form and signs the affidavit, is presumed to be eligible and should be registered. A person [with] a felony conviction is entitled to the same presumption of eligibility." Erika Wood, the Legal Action Center attorney who spearheaded the advocates campaign, hailed the new policy for restoring an essential civil right to people who have paid their debt to society and are fully entitled by law to exercise their most fundamental right the right to vote. We applaud the Board of Elections and the other state agencies for their willingness to find a constructive solution to the problem. Juan Cartagena, general counsel for the Community Service Society, commended the Board of Elections for recognizing that "all citizens registering to vote should be counted as equals, regardless of their criminal histories. The idea that everyone's vote is equal forms the very foundation of our democracy." Under the policy, county boards who have questions about the eligibility of a person with a past felony conviction may consult the Department of Correctional Services' website which will confirm the dates individuals completed their sentences or were discharged from parole. The state government has the information it needs to determine voter eligibility. Under the new policy, they will use it, rather than force individuals to chase down documents that may be impossible to collect, said Kele Williams, associate counsel for the Brennan Center. The Legal Action Center is a nonprofit law and policy organization that specializes in issues relating to the rights of those with criminal records, HIV/AIDS or addiction histories. The Community Service Society is an independent, nonprofit organization that serves the poor through, among other things, litigation in numerous voting rights cases. The Brennan Center for Justice at NYU School of Law develops and implements a nonpartisan agenda of scholarship, public education, and legal action that promotes equality and human dignity, while safeguarding fundamental freedoms. Additional information about the Voting Rights Restoration can be found on the Center's project page: urlLink Voting rights -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- BRENNAN CENTER FOR JUSTICE AT NYU SCHOOL OF LAW 161 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 12TH FLOOR NEW YORK, NY 10013 212 998 6730 FAX 212 995 4550 e-mail: brennan.center@nyu.edu

 Lacking originality today..... Last cigarette: I was about 7 and I took a drag after my dad told me too, I never smoked again after a coughing fit and throwing up Next Cigarette: Fuck that Last big car ride: Going to chicago to witness the biggest array of weird ass poets I have ever witnessed!!!! Next Big Car ride: Driving to Florida in Late January to visit my good friend that has stomach cancer Last kiss: Do dreams count??? I don't kiss and tell anyway next kiss: When I go to bed and meet up with Shakira Last good cry: Last year at my uppercase when my parents refused to come Next god cry: When my parents show up next week for my feature at Acentos Last library book checked out: I stole 101 sex positions back in 92 Last movie seen: Finding nemo Next MOVIE: The Last Samurai Last beverage drank: Pepsi Next Beverage: Probably a Malta with Dinner Last food consumed: Cheesburger next meal: Whatever the maternal unit cooks Last crush: Liz Cho next crush: any porno star that gives me the time of day Last phone call: I call my other favorite white boy, Tom Collins next phone call: Don't know Last TV show watched: Friends at 11pm last night ( porn doesn't count here ) next TV show: probably NYPD blue tonight Last time showered: 8pm this morning Next time you shower: 9pm tonight Last shoes worn: Oh shit, uhhhh....Last Christmas for a Christmas party next time you wear shoes: Most likely for a christmas party Last CD played: Taylor Mali's (conviction) Next CD: Carlos Mena Last item bought: Newspaper this morning next item: probably the newspaper tomorrow morning Last annoyance: none today next annoyance: my next e-mail Last disappointment: Dealing with full of shit niggas next disappointment: Dealing with full of shit niggas again Last soda drank: pepsi next: Probably pepsi again Last ice cream eaten: Vanilla Ice Cream next Ice cream: I would love some cookies and cream Last time scolded: Don't remember next time scolded: IF they want their jaw in place, I would suggest this Last website visited: The Angry pumpkin blog next website: www.fishdawgdapoet.blogspot.com

 painful redemption The last time I put on my football gear was about 2 years ago. I swore that my days of football were done. My days of abusing my body to the point where I could barely sleep from the pain was done. Well, promises were made to be broken. Details?? No Better yet, read on.......... teams were chosen 3rd to last on the team of veterans coin flipped Defend your ground 2 years of angst 18 shows of aggravation too many features questionable worth niggas getting on my nerves pompous heathens all boiled up 11 men you count you hype you smell blood you go for kills whistle blows You command years of anger to explode you run fist over fist foot after foot 50 yards in 40 yards in You smell fear A challenge summon strength meet HIT Bones crack pain YOu tackle 2 years of bullshit explodes in one hit no sorry's no regrets you meet me man to man be sure be worthy to step on my field my house my ground I will hurt you I will try to kill you I am forever , an outlaw Belive ot not, I am not stressed. I feel pretty good today. We have another game next week and it feel good to be playing again. My body is hurting but it's worth it. I remove my stress on that field then on peoples faces. Going to the studio Jam today. Gotta be stress free. Peace, Love, Porkchops and Poetry Fish

 Pobre Langston Last year at Rikers, Oscar decided to give the fellas "Theme for English Class B" as a piece where the fellas can write and attempt to find their own distinctive voice. The class was feeling Langston Hughes like a colonoscopy with no KY on a cold table for a reality TV show. Oscar discreetly asked me to take over after he realized he had no control. I got up and the C.O walked in. For some reason, an inmate on another part of rikers fell onto some dudes knife several times and died. We were escorted of the island and went amongst out daily duties. Well, yesterday I once again tried to introduce Langston and the class wasn't feeling it. It was about as constructive as watching a porno with no erection. Claudia was my sidekick and she also tried but the class was having the holiday blues. I truly had to leave the lesson plan and go with the them of te moment. It was a little awkward but we made due with what we had. This class is proving a little bit more difficult then the last one. Seems that they were sold a dream of computers and culinary arts and were never told of Poetry. That makes it a little difficult trying to teach people how to write when all they want to do is fiddle with PC's all day. I am still going in there with my other 3 lackies (Claudia, Keito, Diane) and we are going to give everything we can. It is not up to us to take what we give. All we have is the option of giving all of us to some people that want to (or not) take what we give. Peace, Love, Porkchops and poetry Fish

 SON....... The first official meeting of the Argyle y tassels toto footwear hunt club has come to a conclusion. Pero-K-SUN has enough issues to make Oprah, Ricki, Maury, Springer and every other talk show on the circut G-Riot is really Pussy from the Soprano's B.D Frenchbread loves the movie Slam Cash -mere is the most subliminal insult artist in Louder Guayaquil abosorbs way too much info Cole- fusion is plain sick ( that be me ) Argyle Tassles says " however " way toooo much!!! Peace, Love, Porkchops Cole - Fusion

 Why do I do these things..... Sometimes I wonder why I do things? Last night was an event called CHANTING DOWN THE WALLS. It was suppose to be an event concentrating on how society can break down the injustices in the judicial and penal system. The event started ok with some poets and after that I felt it went to shit. The poets kept to the theme ( most of them anyway ) and dropped poems about prison or something close to it. After the spoken word, an ex black panther from the Bronx, Dhoruba Bin Wahad was the key note speaker. I have never attended an event like this and was rather amped expecting a speech that would change my life. My life is still the same and it is sad to have wasted my time. The speaker delivered an empassioned speech. Plenty of content but he lacked any defined foundation to what he was trying to say. People, I know that African-Americans have been oppressed. I know 1 out of every 6 people incarcerated is African American. I know most of the facts and sad realities that I have been a part of. What is going to be done to change this??? I am not going to attend more events where people are saying the same shit over and over again. I want to attend an event where they want people to help change injustices as to where we live. Do you think I want to just talk and not do???? That is why I am Teaching at Rikers for free. This is why I am doing the Fortune workshop for free. This is why I am teaching at some public schools for free. The bigger picture is getting to the people to prove to them that life is theirs for the taking. Giving them a taste of what can be done if they apply just a pinch of their potential. I dont want to talk about bringing down the system and creating change within it. You have to create change from within. Do you think I go to Rikers and teach them poetry for two hours plus?? I tell them about life and what they can do NOT to come back. This is where I feel that I am breaking down the system from within. If you have 39 inmates and none of them come back, you have successfully taken a small piece of that system and turned it to shit. The biggest picture is going back to your old neighborhood where all your boys are hanging out. I have no qualms telling my version of the crazy bunch that I worry about them. I love them, I want them to live a long time. I want them make an attempt to better themselves through whatever legal means to get their asses off the streets. Change starts somewhere right???? Yep, inside of yourself is where change will make the biggest difference. After you make that change and you know yourself, that change will permeate into the world and make a difference. My version of the crazy bunch will be at my Feature on November 25, 2003. I saw them last night and 2 hours of laughing and talking poetry. I got something from them last night that I only got though the use of my fist, I earned their respect. I have always had their support, but I was the bitchass poet. After last night in telling them I was teaching, learning, writing about what we all have been through, I earned accolades, love, respect. I am not a scholar, I am not an individual with a Masters, I am not a genius. I am a man with a conviction in something that I love. I love poetry, Life, change. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish >)))>

 step back and wonder............. When I was little, going to Puerto Rico was the official summer vacation for every small Puerto Rican Child. I was shipped off with a supply of clothing for two months. One month was with the maternal Granny. The other month was with the Paternal Grandparents. I used to love the paternal Grandparents so much because they gave me the run of the proud Vargas acre. One acre of chickens, goats, and an array of vegatables. In the Summer on 1976, My grandfather was taking me on the morning chores of the farm. I would always help feeding the chickens, goats and 5 or 6 pigs he had in a special cage. He grabbed this one pig and he tied it to a tree and told me to feed and wash this pig every morning. For 3 weeks, I washed and fed this pig special food for him only. I even gave him the name, piggy. On the start of the 4th week, early in the morning, my Grandfather ask me to go get piggy and bring him to the front porch. Piggy trusted me and he would never scream when I tied him up. I bring piggy to the porch and tied him where grandpops told me too. I see my Grandfather with a huge two by four in his hands. He lifts it up above his head and he lays it directly across the head and back of piggy. The pig was screaming and wailing! My Grandfather hit him again and the blood came out of his mouth. I moved back and was wondering what was happening. He hit him again and the screaming morphed to a childlike cry. My grandfather and his son, my father, pick up piggy and put him on the wooden table on the side of the house. The water that was to a boil on the side of the house had a purpose. I was told to stay away from the water because it was hot and they needed it for something. I never would have known it was for shaving the hair off of piggy. Once on the table, my grandfather slit piggy throat with a machete. He opened him all the way down to the bottom of his legs. The wooden table had a huge metal bucket on the side. The table had a drainage pipe contraption and all the blood seeped into the pail. When piggy was opened up, his inside were a pale color and had a slimy look to them. My grandfather scooped everything out of him and threw it into the bucket. More hot water and the sharpest machete I have ever seen and piggy was a bright white. The same place where they were boiling up the water had these two huge cinder blocks with a wooden stick laying across it. My grandfather shoved the stick down the mouth of piggy and it went straight through him. Grandfather and father both picked up the pick and they put him over the hot coals. For about 6 hours, my Grandfather stood there turning piggy slowly. He turned a really nice brown. My father helped my grandmother use the insides of piggys intestines and fill them up with piggys blood. They put them in a big pot and let the intestines boil until they turned brown. About 7 hours later, my grandfather said that piggy was done and they put him on the huge table in the back of the house. They cut piggys head off and cut him up in little pieces. Everyone from around the house came and drank and ate what was Piggy. How did I feel? At the age of 5 years old. I experienced something that no one in this life would ever experience. My grandfather asked me que tu te cres que paso aqui ?( What do you think about what happened here?). I told him, you killed our dinner and it was good. Can we do another one tomorrow???? He laughed so hard. He said next year, he will let me cut the throat. I was looking forward to it. My Grandfather died in March 17, 1977. I never got to kill a pig with him. He knew that his little Grandson was willing to do what he has passed down from his generation. Over the years, my Grandmother let me kill chickens, rabbits, and a couple of pigeons here and there. I never got to kill the pig that I looked forward to with my father and Grandfather. Three generations of Vargas men bonding over the hard work of bringing the dinner home In summation, I was five years old and killing didnt bother me. I have to share this with a therapist Peace, Love, Poetry and porkchops Fish NOVEMBER 25, 2003 ACENTOS 139 & 3rd AVE BLUE OX BAR FEATURED POET: FISH Fiesta BABY!!!!

 i HAVE TO FILL BIG SHOES Guy Le Charles Gonzalez,Sabrina Hayeem Ladani Edward Garcia,Emanuel Xavier,Michelle Kotler,BonaFide Rojas,Vincent Toro Raymond Daniel Medina,Grisel,Willie Perdomo,Karen Jaime, Jorge Monterossa,Anacaona,Mahina Movement,Louis reyes Rivera,Cheryl Boyce Taylor Finally, the next feature is your boy FISH. Willie was Willie perdomo tonight. Perfection was putting it lighty. Life seems special today Peace

 Sleep, bed,snoring.... This should be the ingredients for what is coming in the next 45 mins, yet, I am here writing this........... This will probably be my most personal entry on this blog to date. It will be in two parts........... I want to write whats on my mind and get into more details tomorrow. right now................ - I am scared of being a failure after I have gotten some respect - I was questioning if I was really a poet - I can't give Lenny the love she wants but I can't have her out of my life - What is love? - I have been in a funk for almost three weeks and I am finally coming out of it, why was I in a funk - Who are my true friends? Who do I trust? - I wish things never change for the worst. I want to go back to unconditional happiness before the bullshit - My tolerance is low - Why do I relate better to people that I barely know?- - Why am I considering giving everything up in search of something else? - I haven't beaten someone in a while, why do I miss that?

 I live amongst fuckin savages!!! Ok, if you are commuting to work and you treasure that 45 minute ride to work, how would you feel if some dude hocks and spits a huge piece of his lung right on the train floor in front of everybody?????? This is not a way to start a Monday! I was reading this article yesterday that got me really pissed. The article dealt withSouth Bronx tours for some of these white people that come to NYC. I was pissed but then I was confused. I felt like a circus animal caged in the borough (zoo) called the Bronx. I was hating it. Then , this morning, this motherfucker hocks his inner workings onto the train floor like if he was in the playground. I lives amongst savages!!! I wanted to say something so fuckin bad. Yet, I stood shut. I got up, walked to the next car and grabbed a seat. Several people followed suit after me. I can't understand why people do things sometimes. I will write something more constructive after my mood goes to higher ground. Peace, Love, Poetry and porkchops Fish

 So, I was thinking about commitments and friendships and I am in a comedic mood today. Here is what I think can give you a detailed view of relationships in NYC. First off, we have Friends to the spirited commitment of MARRIAGE. Wooooh.....that word is soo sexy. Any way, let me create a small table for you to understand everything that is in between. 0 single- everything you do remains private. 1 Friends people who know each other and just chill 2 Affectionate friends people that hug when they see each other 3 Very affectionate friend people that tap kiss on the lips but it means almost nothing 4 Friends with benefits People that make out usually during drunken stupors. 5 Friends with special benefits People that you hang with that you tend to trade bodily fluids with on any given night. We used to call them booty calls. 6 Open dating People who go out but with each other but still go out with each other but have an understanding that they are not the one 7 Dating Not commited but you are not fucking anybody else neither 8 Openly commited I am with you but you can be with whomever you want, you bring them home and we share. This applies to bi-sexual women mostly 9 Committed Girlfriend and boyfriend and you not fucking no one else but you can still socialize with the oppsite sex. 10 Engagement right before marriage and it makes no sense to be at this stage if you want to be with anyone else 11 12 Marriage - You say I do, and you will not doanyone else besides the one you are currently doing. Thought I was done?? hahahahah!!!!!!!!!!! NO!!!!!!!! 13 open marriage You are married but you can go and bring anyone home to share in the bedroom activities 14 swinging marriage you are married and you attend parties together in search of other couples to engage in deviant sexual behavior 15 Porno marriage you can only have sex at work and you can bring work home but you cant have sex outside of the home that doesnt deal with work. 16 Survivor marriage No matter how many time you get caught, your marriage stay in tact These are mainly the levels of relationships in this crazy ass world. Question: Where do you fall? Peace, love, porkchops Fish NOVEMBER 25 PEOPLE!!!!!! BLUE OX BAR!!! ACENTOS 139 & 3rd AVE 7:00PM FEATURING FISH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hope I will see all you Blog stalkers

 every beginning must have an end........... That explains my 3 stroke limit when I am having sex. " Wait honey, I can't find it. POKE!!! OW!! Opps, sorry. In, oooooohhhh.....stroke, stroke, stroke........... DONE!!!!! So that is ...two in's and an out Ahhhhhhhhhh, gotta love that blow-up doll. How we doing today folks.? I hope that you are all doing well. I am doing pretty good today. Woke up in a good mood after a night of hot sex. Yea folks, I gots laid!!! Then realized those vividly explicit dreams can really trick ya. I HATE THE PLAYBOY CHANNEL!!! Well, Not really. Yesterday was a good day. Got my fat porky ass to Rikers Island to do the teaching thing. I got to the parking lot to an instructorless bus hub. Diane, Kieto, and Claudia were to come with me yesterday to teach as part of the Community Word Project (CWP). After I rounded up my lackies and made in onto the island with no problems, we were off to the teaching races. I am not going to get into every detail about what happened but just generalize as much as I can. Plus, its hard writing over the moans and groans of this midget porno they are giving. WOW. I gave the fellas ( my class ) Aristotle by Billy Collins to read yesterday. This poem is a great way to give the fellas a structure on how to write a poem with a beginning, middle, end. It shows them plenty of different perspectives of what can be viewed as a beginning middle, or end. HOLY SHIT, The MIDGET SPEAKS SPANISH!! She just turned me on. Since Diane was my sidekick for the evening and Keito and Claudia were somewhat benched, Diane took the class and did her thing. She spoke a little bit too much because I want them to write more then talk. She still did well. Yesterday, we segued Nostradamus, power of words, perception of words and individualistic meanings of those words, Metaphors and the power to master resemblance....... etc. Alot of information for the fellas and they were completely receptive to the idea of having 4 instructors. It was not chaos as to some people thought. It was actually perfect. After we read the poem, I broke the class up into three groups and gave them each a certain exercise. The first group had to write about the beginning of anything and keep the detailed imagery to just that. The other group had the middle, the last group had the end. Designated was Claudia to the beginning group, Kieto to the middle, Diane to the End. So here we are in Rikers Island with the class broken up in 3 groups in true workshop format. I stood back and just watched the instructors each apply their unique style of assisting, supporting, routing the fellas to write a poem of their respective group. To throw them a curve ball, I had the instructors of each group read the pieces that their group came up with and my goal was achieved. The guys all wrote great pieces and they understood as to what is a beginning, middle, end. At the end of class, I put the instructors on the spot by having them give an impromptu performance for the fellas. When I did this, I got their respect much quicker and they listened more. So, to get this out of the way, they performed and the class gave them all resounding 10s across the board. Diane , Keito, and Claudia did very well yesterday. I didnt see a nervous bone in their body and they kept their poise solid. At least I know for the next 10 weeks, I will have three great instructors heading to Rikers to teach and show the fellas love, respect, and poetry. I was as happy like a fat man at a steakhouse. Peace, Love, Porkchops and Poetry Fish

 Since my day yesterday was rather private. I was looking for a decent subject matter to write about today. In all my blog stalking, I have read about politics, personal junctures, law, death, and being a vegan. I will write about the last one. There are two people in my life that I know that stick to anything besides meat. One is my favorite whiteboy MC, the other is my best female friend (that I owe a kick in the ass too) Aileen. Aileen just became a vegetarian about 7 years ago when she just started thinking about all the bad shit that meat does to you. I wont get into facts and details because MC already did that on his Blog, so check him out. I never questioned her stance on it. I just went with the flow and respected her decision. The best thing about it was that she never tried to instill her beliefs on me. She wasnt screaming over my plate how bad meat is for me. That is he reason why I respected her. In life, everyone makes a lifestyle choice. They make these decisions based on whatever they feel is best for them. They also have to reap the consequences of that decision. It is plainly blatant to see that vegetarians do live healthier lives then us carnivores. If you want to believe that eating 5 pounds of steak in one sitting is healthy, believe that on your hospital bed with your cholesterol hitting heavenly levels ( I mean that in altitude ). Every year for my Birthday. I usually get together all the fellas and we head to my favorite steakhouse, Peter Lugers. I love to eat steak. I always had this undying love for a good piece of cow meat slapped on my plate. Thing is, over the years, you can tell that my body is saying yo, my man, you cant eat that shit forever. Well, in trying to be health conscious, I left many fried foods behind. I am trying to eat less. Steaks are proving to be hard to let go. So this year, I might think of something different then steak. Why??? Simple, change starts somewhere. So this year, we eat seafood. January 7th is my Birthday and I hope that all my blog stalkers come out to where I will hold my birthday. I will plan it soon. On a Birthday note. Give the Third traveling member of the Acentos Trio a shout out for his Birthday. urlLink RICH VILLAR has hit that yearly milestone that some of us celebrate by crying, dancing, eating, fucking. My birthday will be spent eating. That is all a single man can do. Peace, Love, PORKCHOPS BABY!!!! Don't forget this Tuesday coming November 11, 2003 Acentos @ Blue Ox Bar 139 th & 3rd Ave Featuring: Willie Perdomo

 ....if it's an angel, so be it Last night was one of those moments where you thank whatever religious diety that you worship. To get straight to the point, I was on the highway last night coming home from a late night jaunt with a good friend of mines. I was on the Stretch right before you hit the Whitestone bridge ( by the College Point Movie Theater ) and a construction project was in full effect. I am driving along going about 50 to 60 and the three cars in front of me completely just stopped in the middle of the highway. There were two lanes available and I was in the right lane. I slowed down but I have this habit of always looking behind me because that is where it always comes from. I see this car and the headlights are not slowing down. I looked to my right and I saw that the only thing stopping me from going into that lane was a small orange cone. I decided to floor it and shift into that lane. The car behind me never even hit the brakes. He missed my car and the explosion in front of me was horrible. He rear ended a Taxi cab and both cars were totaled. My heart just slowed down this morning. I got out of the car and I was heated that it "could have" been me. then I realized, It wasn't so why get upset. Those two dudes have much more to worry about then I. Why did the cars stop in the middle of the highway??? The construction guy put up a sign that said "stop" instead of slow. By the mistake of this young asshole construction dweeb, two cars were destroyed. I wanted to stick around but I chose not too. My car wasn't touched and the guy that rammed the Taxi wasn't in good shape ( no seatbelt ). When I peeked into his car, you can tell that his face met head-on with his windshield. He didn't look so good with an incredible amount of blood on his face. The arab from the Taxi cab got out of his car and fell to the ground. He might have hurt his back really bad. The rain, an asshole construction worker, unexpectant variables on the highway- all were perfect for another NYC highway tragedy. I am not lucky, I am vigilant Life is extra good today, I am home with the next two days off Call me at home if anyone wants to talk. Peace, Love, and I pray to my Porkchop goddess!! Fish

 Tip toe through a mine field..... Ever since I was a sperm swimming around pops testicle's, I have always been fascinated by the evening news. Instead of coming home and watching all the pitiful piece of shit cartoons, I was looking forward to the 6pm news. Back in the day, the dynamic dueling dynamo's of the evening news were urlLink Roger Grimsby and urlLink Bill Beutel . These two were my perennial favorites. I always thought they were going to be on the news forever. So, to keep my fetish of watching the evening news at the forefront, I still catch the 6pm evening news. I never gave the anchors much thought. My mother was always playing fashionista and saying things about their clothing to their make-up. As of late, I have garnered this particular crush for an anchor and I can't believe this shit. 30 some odd years of watching the news and I never paid them mind. Until now!! I watch the news and urlLink Liz Cho is hands down beautiful. I look at her and I can't concentrate on the news. She delivers the news and I don't care about the world because I am looking at her. Yesterday my mother broke my heart when she said that she looks pregnant. I was like NAHHHHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhh. Google Liz Cho and she is married. Listen closely to my heart wasting away. nah seriously, she is making my days of watching the news a pleasure. It's like....... Roz Abrams says: 50 children died in a school fire today Fish: OH MY GOD, THAT IS HORRIBLE! Liz Cho: A meteor is hurling towards earth and we all are going to die in 5 minutes Fish: That is not so bad, wow, she is so hot I have to catch the channel 4 news at 11pm in order to really get a feel of the news, anything with her, news takes a back seat. Oh well, I am finding normalcy people, life seems to be getting better Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish Note: If any of my lawyer folks caught offense for my post yesterday. My bad

 Hate me or love me, you will listen.... so , a piece of me is as sensitive as a porcupine walking through a cactus patch on a 110 degree day. If you missed it, too bad. I just walked through the door and I am catching the First episode of 8 simple rules of dating my teenage daughter. This is the first episode done after the death of John Ritter. I wasnt planning on seeing it I guess I am. Seeing this episode trying to meld through the more then sufficient heart ripping moments, I cant do nothing but wonder the purpose of life. I wont get into that. I will get into this episode. Minus the laugh track ( or live audience ), the jokes are few and far between. They are placed somewhere between the garbage and the eye muck you wake up with in the morning. I have never gave funerals much thought until watching this episode. Where can they find enough writing material to fill up about 45 mins? There are only so many people that will come up to you and say I am sorry in a funeral. You ever wonder what they are so sorry about??? - I am so sorry that you are alone now? - I am so sorry he died? - I am so sorry that you had to go through this? - I am so sorry that you are feeling this way? - I am so sorry that he died that way ? I could keep on forever. I am lucky enough to still have my mother and father here and they are both primarily healthy. So I dont have to worry about my parents leaving for about another 15 years. My mother is 67 so I am giving her another 20 years here. My father is 57 and I am giving him about another 20. I should be old enough and hopefully strong enough to deal with it. Then again, you will never be ready to bury your parents, spouse, or FORBID a child. I lost my uncle back in 1990 when he was caught between some rival drug dealing assholes shooting at each other. That is was the closest that I felt this pain ripping my heart out. I have lost friends to the point that I am immune; but family is a different pain altogether. Death is a part of life. Yea yea yea, we have to deal with it when it comes. Whether it be our family, friends, co-workers or whomever. Every time someone passes, you feel a different pain for every person that passes away. Most of the time, I think of how I would react to the news of someones death. Hands down, my parents leave me anytime soon, I would shut down and try to accept my life without the people who are my backbone. Not to sound like a person that would jinx or curse anyone, but if anyone from my inner circle was to pass on, I wouldnt quite be the same. Oh well Good episode I think. We all know that he really died, does this make it more palpable on an emotional level??? I dont know. I do know that the frog in my throat was saying there was a connection between the emotions conveyed by the actors and a very rare sensitive side of me. I am off to the races to catch a 10:45pm super sneak peak of the Matrix III: revolutions. Dont hate the player, hate the game. Peace, Love, Dont be dying Fish

 Did you see........ ......... the older gentleman that was rather miffed at his lawyers fee for services rendered? Instead of confronting his lawyer and talking about those fee's, the older gentleman pulled out a 38 caliber 6 shot revolver. The lawyer played " I'm standing behind the tree and you can't get me" after the old man shot at him 6 times. He got to hit the lawyer twice. Why am I bring this up??? For all of you that have seen it, you saw what a gun shot victim can do. None of that, I got shot and I am on the ground writhing in pain". The adrenaline was flowing and even after the lawyer was shot twice, he still managed to do his thing. Not for nothing, but that old man did this before. The way he shot him and walked away so calm, they should look into him. I guess this would make a good battle cry for all those anti-gun advocates. I say "come onnnnnn.the guy was a lawyer" LOL Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Spit shine my shoes...with spit carajo!! I just got to te homestead and I have to say that I feel good. Today was the Dia de los muertos celebration at Columbia University Law school. As the norm, at most events involving poetry, it started late. I wasnt complaining, they had food. Good food to boot!!!! They had the yellow rice, tortilla chips, salsa, enchiladas and an array of soda. Life is good to me. Anyway, as the poetry started, Nina was there doing her thing. I never heard her read and I was actually impressed with her style and poetry. She was kinda nervous and it showed but all in all, I think she did great. As Oscar, Myself, Jayme, and Rich were the featured poets, we all did our thing. Oscar reaped the most benefits after applying his poetic prowess for about 28 mins in going first. Pobre Nina was antsy trying to get him off stage but he finally got off. I think I broke records and did a 9 minute set and got off. Jayme and Rich got shafted and had their time shaved. No biggie, they still did their thing and everyone loved them. Some of the open micers were pretty good but some were giving worldly diatribes. I have gotten spoiled from other events.......... Steps to reading at an open mic: go up adjust mic say hello read poem You are up and off in a matter of 4 mins. The best part of the evening was a Domincan, haitian troupe playing some of the best afro cuban music I have probably ever heard. They actually got me thinking that life is to short to be upset. Through beats, rhythm, chants and singing, my life was brought to a happy walk home. After dancing and joking and hearing great poetry, I came home running to make this blog entry. It was worth going and I hope to attend again next year. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 4 days............ How can I miss someone so much that has never been in your life? Why question yourself when you think you know what is good for you???? easy, you dont know shit! I am a firm believer in taking destiny by the balls and making it work for me. I have something called a life and I am taking charge of it to make things work for me. I realized it doesnt work that way with love and relationships. In trying to control everything about my life, I have shunned friends, family, relationships. I never thought of myself as a control freak but I am having second thoughts on that. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish >)))>

 The Best thing about living alone.. I could leave my apartment at 3am to go get some food and not have to worry about waking somebody up. Yes, I just took one of my 3am jaunts into my neighborhood and it never ceases to amaze me - the array of derelicts out in the streets at that time. I wasnt going through the clubs and bars, I was walking by the 24 hour chicken spots and pizza parlors. Oh , by and by, I am pissed that they closed down the only crown fried chicken joint within walking distance from the homestead. So I had to settle for some pizza that was about as tasty as a piece of cardboard ( I wasnt to fancy on it for the fact that I had Pizza for lunch today). Granted, it was more then 17 hours ago but I am not Italian and too much of that shit doesnt bode well in my body. So, what struck me as odd was the amount of young kats that I saw in the streets. These kids couldnt have been older then 15 or 16 tops and they were out there. One kat was with a cup of what he described as some nasty shit , but he was going to drink it anyway. I guess that you have to build that tolerance for liquor at a young age. Also, with these kats were the young chics hanging with them. I dont think there is anything more unattractive then a young chic in the street that late. From my experiences, nothing good comes from being out late in the streets. In being out there just hanging out is asking for trouble from cops, other kats, people like me that prove to be dangerous if you fuck with them. You ever walk by a corner full of 10 or so and someone has to say something stupid??? Then, you say something back and they all start walking after you??? Well, make sure you stab the biggest one in the neck first. The rest will fall like leaderless mounds of mierda. This neighborhood looks so good during the day. At night, its the perfect steamy, fly inviting, hill of shit. 3 days, no sleep Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Answer me this Motherfucking Sean Combs has more money then most of us can count. He has the nerve to try and raise 1 million dollars for the NYC school system???? OH man, YO DIDDY YOU STUPID MOTHERFUCKER!!!! Stop buying Crystal, and Bling blinging and give a mil from your pocket!!! On the real, that is bullshit. If I am not mistaken, Bill Gates dropped a couple of million out of his own pocket. Why is Sean Combs trying to Raise the money??? Easy, a media opportunity. He is doing nothing but taking this FREE publicity and is going to turn it around for his own gain. The desperate sign of a desperate man falling from grace will run the NYC marathon tommorrow. Anyone has a nice high powered rifle with a scope with a range of about 1000 yards. I'm not saying, I'm just saying, ya understand. PEace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Answer me this Motherfucking Sean Combs has more money then most of us can count. He has the nerve to try and raise 1 million dollars for the NYC school system???? OH man, YOU DIDDY YOU STUPID MOTHERFUCKER!!!! Stop buying Crystal, and Bling blinging and give a mil from your pocket!!! On the real, that is bullshit. If I am not mistaken, Bill Gates dropped a couple of million out of his own pocket. Why is Sean Combs trying to Raise the money??? Easy, a media opportunity. He is doing nothing but taking this FREE publicity and is going to turn it around for his own gain. The desperate sign of a desperate man falling from grace will run the NYC marathon tommorrow. Anyone has a nice high powered rifle with a scope with a range of about 1000 yards. I'm not saying, I'm just saying, ya understand. PEace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Well, I am posting after taking a few days off. I have been organizing and getting this fundraiser out to the masses. I know that 98% have heard about the Tribute going down in the Bowery on Jan 4th. I book 4 hours of poetry with some High caliber poets. Shit, I got Quincy Troupe coming through. California poet laureate is making the mic his own for a full 7 mins. Everything is ok with me. I am just kinda weirded out by having to say goodbye to 2003. I usually cry with my year being as fucked up as all heavenly possible. This year, 2003 was probably the best year of my life. I am happy with some good thing accomplished under my belt. Shit, I am even starting 2004 with a bang. I just want happiness. That is all I want and basically need. I will be here alone at home bringing in the new year. I choose to be this way and it is the best for me right now. Most likely, I won't be taking messages but I will get back to everyone eventually. I got mad love for all you Blog stalkers. I hope you all have the healthiest year coming. Remember that I will be there for everyone of you at the drop of a hat. I will not hesitate for a true friend in need. I am sorry for any heartache I have caused I hope I made most people proud. Loving you always Fish >)))">

 Well, I am posting after taking a few days off. I have been organizing and getting this fundraiser out to the masses. I know that 98% have heard about the Tribute going down in the Bowery on Jan 4th. I booked 4 hours of poetry with some High caliber poets. Shit, I got Quincy Troupe coming through. A California poet laureate is making the mic his own for a full 7 mins. Everything is ok with me. I am just kinda weirded out by having to say goodbye to 2003. I usually cry with my year being as fucked up as all heavenly possible. This year, 2003 was probably the best year of my life. I am happy with some good things accomplished under my belt. Creatively Acentos Nationals Renewing friendships Writing Featuring Learning Shit, I am even starting 2004 with a bang. I just want happiness. That is all I want and basically need. I will be here alone at home bringing in the new year. I choose to be this way and it is the best for me right now. Most likely, I won't be taking messages but I will get back to everyone eventually. I got mad love for all you Blog stalkers. I hope you all have the healthiest year coming. Remember that I will be there for everyone of you at the drop of a hat. I will not hesitate for a true friend in need. I am sorry for any heartache I have caused I hope I made most people proud. Loving you always Fish >)))">

 PRAISE DAY FOR PEDRO PIETRI: A Benefit Poetry Reading & Celebration for el Rev The Bowery Poetry Club, 308 Bowery, will host the first of several fundraisers for the great Nuyorican poet Pedro Pietri on Sunday, Jan. 4, from noon-4. Pietri, who has added stomach cancer to a long list of maladies he sees as related to his exposure to Agent Orange in the VietNam War, has vowed to fight the disease by alternative methods. Among the poets confirmed thus far: Amiri Baraka, Amina Baraka, David Henderson, Steve Cannon, Quincy Troupe, Emily XYZ, Bob Holman, Willie Perdomo, Cheryl Boyce Taylor, Hersch Silverman, Danny Shot, Fish, Grisel, Karen Jaime, Bonafide Rojas, and 5 year old poet prodigy Autum and many others. Poets will be reading from Pietri's extensive oeuvre, which will surely raise the spirits via his hilarious, biting, surrealist verse. Historic photos by Marlkis Momber will be auctioned off. Memorabilia - Condom Poems, Telephone Booth Poems, rare copies of I Never Promised You a Cheeseburger and other Pietri manuscripts and memorabilia will be sold. You may also Rent-a-Coffin by the hour or day. Admission will be by contribution, with all proceeds going to the Pedro Fund. Donations will be solicited throughout the night, at the door, and at bucket by the microphone - all praise the poetry, and pay for it, too! Hosted by Oscar Bermeo & Guy Lecharles Gonzalez For more info: Fish@louderarts.com 917-209-4211 Tribute Fundraiser for the Rev Pedro Pietri II & III info at nuyoricanhostess@hotmail.com ******Following article is from Juan Gonzalez from the Daily News **************** 'El Reverendo' just not ready to leave pulpit The sad news spread rapidly this weekend: Pedro Pietri, the king of Latino poetry in this town for more than 30 years, is suffering from inoperable stomach cancer. And what a hilarious reign it has been. Usually sporting a long black overcoat and a black bowler, with scraggly shoulder-length hair and mustache, Pietri, who was born in Puerto Rico in 1944 and served in the Vietnam War in 1967-68, sarcastically calls himself El Reverendo, the minister of the fictional Church of the Mother of All Tomatoes. A typical Pietri poetry reading is somewhere between a vaudeville act and a Pentecostal revival. His audiences are erupting in laughter one moment and fighting back tears the next. For those of us who came of age during the 1960s and 1970s, Pietri's epic "Puerto Rican Obituary" - with its evocation of "nervous breakdown streets/ where the mice live like millionaires/ and the people do not live at all" - still remains the single most powerful expression of the Latino diaspora in this country. Other Pietri poems, like "Suicide Note from a Cockeroach in a Low-Income Housing Project" and his extended series of "Telephone Booth" verses have been acclaimed as first-rate examples of urban street poetry and forerunners of today's rap or slam contests. Pietri's prolific production includes more than 20 books of poetry and plays. His work has been translated into several languages. His last performance was Nov. 8 at Town Hall, where he participated in the 30th-anniversary celebration of the Nuyorican Poets Cafe, the cultural center he founded on the lower East Side with playwrights Miguel Pinero and Miguel Algarin. Three days after the Town Hall event, Pietri fell ill. "First I couldn't hold down any food," Pedro told me yesterday. "Then I couldn't hold down liquids. But being a hardhead, I thought it was just stomach ulcers. I didn't want to accept the truth." He finally checked into Bronx-Lebanon Hospital, where doctors discovered a malignant tumor and immediately performed surgery. But by then the tumor had spread to his stomach. Cancer is the latest and most serious of the physical maladies Pietri has confronted over the past few years. Some, he is convinced, were caused by exposure in Vietnam to the herbicide Agent Orange. "When I was in the infantry in Vietnam, we used to see the planes spraying us with that stuff all the time," Pietri recalled. For the first 20 years after his return from the war, his health was fine. "Then all of a sudden I came down with glaucoma, then with a bunch of skin diseases and now this cancer," he said. His doctors are recommending radiation and chemotherapy to attack the tumor, but Pietri, always the cynical rebel, has rejected their approach. "They did what they could, but I don't want that radiation or to have them just cutting me up again," he said. Instead he has decided to seek alternative medical treatment next month in Tijuana, Mexico, a procedure his health insurance carrier refuses to cover. So last week his family and his friends at the Nuyorican Poets Cafe quickly established a benefit fund to pay for Pietri's treatment in Mexico. They are asking anyone who has enjoyed his poetry to come to his aid now. Those wishing to help can send a contribution to the . Pedro Pietri Health Benefit Fund, c/o Nuyorican Poets Cafe, P.O. Box 20794, New York, N.Y. 10009. "I'm not giving up. I'm going to kick this thing," Pietri said yesterday. All those young Latino poets hoping to pick up the king's mantle will just have to wait, because Pedro is feeling too good to check out right now. Woke up this morning feeling excellent, picked up the telephone dialed the number of my equal opportunity employer to inform him i will not be in to work today. "are you feeling sick?" the boss asked me "no sir," i replied: "i am feeling too good to report to work today. if i feel sick tomorrow i will come in early!" Telephone Booth #905 1/2 by Pedro Pietri

 8:30am en la casa Fish and not a germ was stirring, Let me make a wish!!! I WISH I WAS 6 Again. :) Nah. Everything is good. I got up early to go help the parental untis with the wrapping of the pasteles. After a few choice phone calls. Everything should go well. I feel pretty good today. I have been watching the Christmas Story marathon and I can't get over that movie. If that kid has to be reaping the benefits lovely from that movie. TNT s sowing it for 24 hours straight. So , no trees in my house with children making a mad dash for the presents under it. No wife waking me up with a key to a Lexus parked outside. No grandkids coming over with a tie for the 8th year in a row. I woke up to a rather clear blue sky. At least I know that millions of kids around the NYC are happy as hell with gifts. That makes me feel good to know on this day smiles are somewhere. I won't depress myself and think too much about the people that have nothing. I do think about them but I choose to think about the happy ones instead. Well, I am off to wrap. Peace, Love, Pork chops Fish Merry Christmas

 Hey guys, Have a great Holiday this year. Have the Merriest Christmas possible and enjoy your life. Be grateful to have a good family and great friends. Kiss your mother, hug your father, play with your kids ALL love I love ya Merry Christmas Fish

 Last night I headed out to El Dorado's. This was the nightclub where I was bouncing about two years ago. They had their little Christmas party and it was nice, I went up for the food and the shit was crazy. Half of the chics up there had kids within the last year or two and it was surprising to see that. I even saw my counterpart that took my place there. Talk about lookin like a bitchass. There are several types of bouncers. People that stop fights Bouncers that arbitrate Bouncers that intimidate everybody Bouncers that will fuck you up if you fight in their club This guy is neither. He looks as useful as an umbrella on a sunny day. If the owner feels he can do a good job and just take up space to have another body there, by all means... you go for it. Bouncing for me was cool and I never hated the job. I hated the bullshit that came with the job. The problem is that people want to come into a place of business and do what they please - that is not the case. This club is not your house and you can not wear your hat, smoke weed, sell coke, fuck in bathroom's. There are stringent rules here and you must abide by them. If you choose not to, my maglight will guarantee about 20 stitches across your forehead. Then, I will throw into the street and not blink. Yes folks, I was bad,. But I am reformed and loving I like birds and children Flowers and painting Knitting and crafts. Fish

 When I went to the championship back in 99 with the Outlaws, I worked out everyday in the GYM. I put my body through such a painful regiment of Power Lifting and thrust. I wanted that chip and I killed myself. We lost by one point and I cried on the sidelines. 315 bench press, punching bag thrusts, 800 leg press, 80 pound dumbell press. All to lose by one point. Was this worth it??? I most certainly think so. I was at an all time high on the strength meter. I was killin em on the line. This Jan 5 is this LouderChampion tournament. I have started my mental gym of getting amped. I can't take my time and just wait for it to come around because I would be a nervous wreck. I did the survivor slam several months back and my stomach wanted to run out of my body and down the street. When I got to my car after the slam, I was doubled over in pain. This last slam wasn't bad because I worked my nerves to the point where they get used to the stress. Little by little, I get used to it. I am thinking of going hard with what works and maintain a run in the slam. I wanted to challenge myself and go with new work but I am going with the solid poems for now. I am working on some new poems now. One is personal for me and it kills me to even talk about it. The concept is cool I just have to get the good words to go with the concept. Anyway, let me run. I am good today I am happy Yea. Fish >)))">

 Actor in a Leading Role ( Ian Mcklenna) sic Costume Design ( orcs ) Best Picture ( Need I say more ) Directing ( Oh My God ) Actor in a Supporting Role ( Elijah Woods ) Makeup ( everything ) Film Editing Sound Sound Editing Film Writing (Adapted Screenplay) Visual Effects Music (Score) Cinematography The lords of the rings was insane!!!!!

 Inspiration comes from.......... .........those special little moments that you capture when your hearts jumps a beat. Nah. not really but shit it sounded good. Well, I am home and I decided to write a small reflection on 2003. Well, more like write whatever comes to my mind. 2003 was one of those years that gave me so much. I am actually trying to do a mental backtrack. Poetry Highlights of 2003 March: co-founding Acentos being part of a full circle as Guy is our first feature April: Becoming official member of the louderARTS project Artist Organization - Featured reader at First Wednesday With Roger and Lynne July: Member of Team Acentos in which we did better then Team Urbana August: Going to Chicago to experience my first Nationals and seeing team Union Square miss out by .1 - Starting the Rikers Creative writing and poetry workshop - Featured reader for the MindBuilders Creative arts center September: Starting Community Word training - Featured reader at the Clinton Street Festival - Special host for Poetas con Cafe in Spanish Harlem October: Featured reader at La Causas Voice for the voiceless in Amhearst - Featured reader at Soul Nation at Blue Stockings bookstore November: Featuring at Acentos in front of the most important people in my life - Featured reader at Dia de los Muertos celebration at Columbia University December: Getting those 2 points to allow me to get some rank in my attempts in making the UNION square slam team Good year with the poetry. IT is a better year off. My Brother Eric got married in September. Regardless of the bullshit we all went through. My man Eric got married and everything was priceless. Dickboy and I started working on rebuilding a quasi respectable friendship. Jessica and I seem to be working on something also and I have a relationship with my God Daughter. Oscar and I started working on creating a more constructive way on speaking to each other. Tom , Mike are still my dawgs and everything is god with them. I finished parole on October 7th and that was PERFECT As usual, I have the low points in my life: Almost got evicted in Febraury Lost 15,000 dollars in some techincal bullshit. gave up $80,000 to have a clean conscious and move on with my life Got together with Lenny Broke up with Lenny Got back together with Lenny Broke up with Lenny See a pattern? Got sick with the flu really bad My job hasnt been the best place to be. All in all. I am happy. I am good. I am still just soaking everything in to become a Better writer. I want to be a historic writer and a poet. I just need a couple of years. I want to be a better person and remain righteous. I want to love more then what I hate. I want to support more then critique. The love that I give everyone is love that I want them to soak up and move it forward. Support your fellow poet and send them love Merry Christmas and happy New Year Happy Three Kings day

 Pagers, Cellphone, PDAs,Blackberrys, Microwaves, Remote controls, Infrareds,Blue Tooths, X-rays, MRIs, cat scans, We are al going to die of some form of cancer. Just wanted to share that short sentiment

 The other day I was having a conversation with Rich about my Spanish in some of my poems. I wasn't really sure if it was the right way to take on a slam situation when 4 out of the 5 judges might get lost when you speak spanish. I was going back and forth with this whole thing and wasn't sure where I stood. Until today!!! Martin Espada on the boob tube getting interviewed by Ilan Stavens on a show called " La Plaza ". The battle that I had within my self was clearly answered by Espada. " I don't feel obligated to translate all the time". In other words, fuck em if they don't understand Spanish. Special notice: The Slam will be very special on Jan 5th. 1st round 3 mins 2nd round 2 mins 3rd round 1 min 4th round 2 min 5th round no time limit Excuse me while I attempt to remove the wrench from my machine. Peace

 ...... I Had a tumor today. Took Advil Worked somewhat I think I have brain cancer I should be dead soon. My Will is taped behind the door

 Alas, time to write and reflect. Just got back from a good evening today. Headed out to catch Mama Procope and Rog at another Vision into Art production. Several months back, they were both in a production called Democrazzy. It was mind blowing simply with the introspective aspect of everything from the start to the end. Today was good. Lynne was easily at the top of her performance. She flowed easily and never once seemed at odd with her lines. She truly glided gracefully across the stage in an awesome burgundy dress that made her bleed sexuality. The show was broken up and the end of it was much more tangible. The film, video, music were all at a time of the civil rights movement. They showed some pretty disturbing slides that had my temper being tested. I am not too keen on much of our countrys history. When I see civil rights protests, beatings, lynchings, Police brutality, I get.......... mad. Black or white pictures or not, I have aright to be angry because this country allowed racism. This country allowed segregation. This country allowed profiling against minorities. This country allowed too much. No Im sorrys will fix things. No reparations. Nothing. Fish

 Christmas time is cool in my books. I say this because I really don't care if you want something or not or if I am getting something or not. The whole gift giving thing is cool but if I get something.... I am happy. If I get nothing.... well..... I'm happy. My life goes way beyond " let's get Fish something really nice for Christmas". If you want to do something nice for me, don't get on my nerves 364 other days in the New year. Here is my question? If I don't take the time out to get you anything, does this mean I don't care about you? I guess those late nights when you needed a ride is null and void. Those nights when you needed a hug, ear, or even a friend is out the window. My boss is a piece of shit all year round. Then come Christmas time and she gets me a 10 dollar gift and this is supposed to erase all the shit she puts me through?? Mierda. Most of the time I just want to spend some quality time and love with the people I care for. I don't want a gift, just give me your presence and let me be grateful for a friendship that I can count on. Anyway, I ranted that after reading other capitalist blogs. I am doing well today. Yesterday was our company Christmas party and it took me three days to set it up and about 3 hours to clean up afterwards. It was well worth it. I even got some kudos from the company President in an e-mail this morning *********************************************** This is the e-mail I sent out........... From: Sam Vargas To: Anthony Bumbala; Lynda Scheidecker; Meliza Sorrentino Cc: Leo MacCourtney; Pat House; Arnold Sheiffer; Erica Grundfast; Sandy Griggs; Schenelle Southwell; Tim McAuliff Subject: RE: Party Date: Wednesday, December 17, 2003 7:38PM Alas, the 2003 Petry Media Corp holiday has come and gone. I say the smiles were plenty throughout the festivities. The food was unabatedly perfect. The Beer, soda, and wine were abundant enough to leave any resident drunks content. As my day is done, it is always a pleasure to work amongst such dedicated individuals to ensure every detail brings a tear to the eye of even the utmost perfectionist - mainly me. Thank you for making my upcoming 17th year at Blair and Petry a Godsend. The beer has been put up for grabs and 4 bottles of wine are in storage in my office for any future activities. The CD/Receiver is also in my office under the watchful eyes of my jolly little elves. Mike has assisted me enough to get a good headstart on getting the 9th floor back to par to show for any prospective renters. Our Cleaning people were blessed with a good array of goodies from our event. Thank you once again and I look forward to a wonderful New Year. Loving and sometimes a nice guy Sam Merry Christmas Happy Chanukah Happy Kwannza Happy three Kings day Happy New Year They Replied ...................... From: Leo MacCourtney To: Anthony Bumbala; Lynda Scheidecker; Meliza Sorrentino Cc; Pat House; Arnold Sheiffer; Erica Grundfast; Sandy Griggs; Schenelle Southwell; Tim McAuliff Subject: RE: Party Date: Thursday, December 18, 2003 7:26AM Sam, Nicely said. You are truly talented with your Poetry. Thank you for your hard work. I agree that everyone had great time! Again thank you and happy holidays. Leo ********************************************* Wow, they know I am a poet. This means they know I am poor and I will never get fired. YEa baby!!! Everything is ok. I am living and trying to get my head in order for some big things I want to happen in Mid-january. You all will hear of it soon. So, Tonight I am going to catch Rog at some Vision into Art thing he is doing. I really hope he is not working that Gay make-up he had in the last one. Poetry is one thing, make-up is another. Enough ranting y mierda Peace, Love, Porkchops FishDawg

 PLEASE HELP OUT Those who know about the Nuyorican poetry movment know how important this man is to the community of poets at large in New York City. Please copy this and send it along to any interested parties. ******************************************* "Woke up this morning / feeling excellent! / Picked up the telephone / dialed the number / Of my equal opportunity / employer to inform him / I will not be in / to work today! / Are you feeling sick? / the Boss asked me, / "No Sir I replied, / I am feeling too good / to report to work today! / If I feel sick tomorrow / I will come in early. -from "Telephone Booth Number 905," by El Reverendo Pedro Pietri PEDRO PIETRI HEALTH BENEFIT FUND c/o Nuyorican Poets Caf P.O. Box 20794 New York, NY 10009 December 14, 2003 [name] [street address] [or email address] [city, state, zip] Dear Friend: If you have ever laughed, reveled in, or enjoyed one of Pedro's poems- -or if you can recall a line from any one of his countless poems-- then this letter is of utmost urgency to you. It is with great pain that we report publicly that renowned Puerto Rican / Nuyorican poet, Rev. Pedro Pietri, is seriously ill. Recently he has had surgery at Bronx Lebanon Hospital to treat his ailments. However, the medical prognosis is dismal. El Rev Pedro Pietri, the author of Puerto Rican Obituary, in its tenth printing is a classic in the Puerto Rican literature...his entire life is poetry. He is an outspoken advocate for the Puerto Rican Diaspora. The life of this eminent poet is a reflection of the circumstances of our age--from the Puerto Rican migrations, through the disintegration of the New York neighborhoods, to the Vietnam War era and the aftermath of environmental pollution, El Rev. Pedro Pietri has been the creative voice to the madness that surrounds us. The life of a poet has never been easy. Pedro was victimized by the war as a result of Agent Orange exposure and ignored by the parties responsible for his condition. Now he is succumbing to an ever- increasing number of illnesses related to this and the attendant stress that has slowly ravaged his body. These include glaucoma, a compromised circulatory system from high blood pressure; his skin tissue affected by advanced vitiligo; stomach ulcers; and now, a cancerous tumor. This is a Mission Critical Appeal. Especially since there is hope. Again reflecting our times, the treatments that could be his saving mechanisms are not available nor recognized by the medical establishment in the U.S.A. His friends, his fellow poets, and his family have organized this effort. Our hope entails treatment at the Oasis of Hope Hospital in Mexico. Results from their treatment indicate a high degree of recovery and non-recurrence in many of their patients. It is expensive beyond Pedro and his family's financial means. Expenses include treatment, travel expenses, lodging, post-treatment, health management, and a healthy return home. The cost of treatment at minimum is about $30,000. An individual contribution of a $1,000 (tax deductible) would be most helpful. However, any contribution will be deeply appreciated. Please make checks payable to: Nuyorican Poets Cafe, Inc., with memo: Pedro Pietri Health Benefit Fund c/o Nuyorican Poets Cafe P.O. Box 20794 New York, New York 10009 We are seeking your support and contributions for Pedro's treatment in Mexico by January 2004. We pray that you will: Sincerely, Friends and Family of Pedro Pietri Help Save The Life of This Treasure: The Reverend Pedro Pietri



 Ok. I am sick and tired of those bullshit questions. We need some questions that have some actual relevance to our lives and what we do!!!! So, if you have balls, gall, audacity and even some heart, answer these questions to the best of your ability. How did you get into poetry? Where do you feel you stand now as a writer? Who is your favorite poet on the NYC scene? Who do you think sucks as a poet? Where is your favorite place to listen to poetry? Who would you like to punch in the face in the poetry scene? Who would you make love too on the poetry scene? Who would you just fuck? Who is sexy on the scene? Who turns you on but they are unavailable? Who wouldn't you touch in a million years on the poetry scene? Who is the most outrageous poet? Who has the biggest balls in this scene? Do you have any current crushes in the poetry scene? Who is your mentor? Who is most helpful? Who is the most pompous poet that you know? Who is the most disappointing poet? Favorite venue? Most hated venue? Asshole poet? Sweetest poet? Cutest poet? Hottest poet? Dumbest poet? Weirdest poet? Poet that looks like they can rock Dat ass? Most intimidating poet? Most political poet? Most love lost poet? Funniest poet? Do you like Marc Smith? Poet that should come out of the closet? Ok, I am done Let's see the balls shine. I have no life

 WOULD YOU EVER: 1. Eat a bug?: As long as it is not a waterbug 2. Bungee jump?: I would like to 4. Kill someone? : yep 5. Kiss someone of the same sex? How much money am I getting and can I grab his ass? 6. Have sex with someone of the same sex? As long as he holds his balls up for mins won't clank against his. ( CLACKERS )!! LOL 7. Parachute from a plane? I would like to 8. Walk on hot coals? Is shakira licking the swollen feet? 9. Go out with someone for their looks? damn real. Ass is ass 10. Be a vegetarian? Only if meat stop existing 12. Wear plaid with stripes? I did that when I was 16, that is why I never got laid until I was 18 13. IM a stranger? To talk dirty, of course!!!! ie: Hey bitch Who you calling a bitch? You bitch Why you calling me a bitch? Is this becky? no! oh, I'm sorry. I was just joking with my friend oh So, are you naked? What? Are you naked bitch? LOL 14. Sing Karaoke? Poetry is close enough 15. Get drunk off your Ass? nope 16. Shoplift? I need a new radio, I might regress to my ghetto self 17. Run a red light? Been there. Gotta do it 18. Star in a porn video? I have the most unattrative ass in NYC. Actually, Lenny and I got Kinky like that on Sunday. I will post it on the internet soon.. LOL . Nah. Lenny is a prude! 19. Dye your hair blue? Blonde yes 20. Be on Survivor? Yes!! TO be the first fat Puerto Rican man to Rape one of those skinny white chics and bury her and have the rest of the cast wonder what happened to her 21. Wear makeup in public?: uh... no 22. Not wear makeup in public? Dick 23. Cheat on a test? Story of my life 24. Make someone cry? Yeah they deserve it 25. Date someone more than 10 years older than you: 43?? Nah, too old, need WD-40 to get them properly lubed 26. Stay up all night? story of my life

 Busy busy busy This is what happens when you are in charge of setting up the Company Christmas Party More tonight Peace

 I AM: Happy most of the time I WANT: to maintain a good level of consistancy with my poetry and writing I HAVE: Plenty of issues that I have to work out I WISH: I had more time to write and learn in a day I HATE: when people think they know it all and they know...........shit I FEAR: waterbugs. I hate them things I HEAR: a little voice in my head saying "never quit, always write" I SEARCH: for poetry that moves me I WONDER: why sex is so important I REGRET: everything in my life violent I LOVE: my flag, my island, my strength to love it I ACHE: for the pain my friends feel I ALWAYS: shy away when aggravated I AM NOT: romantic all the time I DANCE: in my head all the time I SING: in the shower. I CRY: when my heart tells me to I AM NOT ALWAYS: happy. I WRITE: because It saved my life I WIN: when I am upset and concentrate on nothing but winning I LOSE: when I just do it for the love of it ( I tend to lose alot) I CONFUSE: any girls that get close to me I NEED: a threesome I SHOULD: go get some ass Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish * = credit urlLink Rich Villar(G-Riot)

 Before Doesn't this guy look like one of those long lost uncles that has been on the run for several months. They caught this dude and those hypocrite iraqi motherfuckers are dancing in the streets. Yea uh huh, in several days you can hear everyone of them bashing the U.S. I am not too keen on what is going on in Iraq but them Iraqis are straight hypocrites. Three seconds after the United states took down Saddam they were demanding the United states leave. So it seem like this.... Thank you so much for taking down our dictator. We love you. You are an angel. Now get the fuck out my country. I could see the same thing now You caught Saddam and he is evvvviiiiilllllllllll. Thank you, now get the fuck out. After Off to sleep Tired and horny Peace

 Doesn't this guy look like one of those long lost uncles that has been on the run for several months. They caught this dude and those hypocrite iraqi motherfuckers are dancing in the streets. Yea uh huh, it several days you can here everyone of them bashing the U.S. I am not to keen on what is going on n Iraq but them Iraqis are straight hypocrites. Three seconds after the United states took down Saddam they were demanding the United states leave. So it seem like this.... Thank you so much for taking down our dictator. We love you. You are an angel. Now get the fuck out my country. I could see the same thing now You caught Saddam and he is evvvviiiiilllllllllll. Thank you, now get the fuck out. Off to sleep Tired and horny Peace

 Doesn't this guy look like one of those long lost uncles that has been on the run for several months. They caught this dude and those hypocrite iraqi motherfuckers are dancing in the streets. Yea uh huh, it several days you can here everyone of them bashing the U.S. I am not to keen on what is going on n Iraq but them Iraqis are straight hypocrites. Three seconds after the United states took down Saddam they were demanding the United states leave. So it seem like this.... Thank you so much for taking down our dictator. We love you. You are an angel. Now get the fuck out my country. I could see the same thing now You caught Saddam and he is evvvviiiiilllllllllll. Thank you, now get the fuck out. Off to sleep Tired and horny Peace

 As the subject header clearly states, this is where I stand for now. Without invading the privacy of others but keeping my sanity through a public post - Love is hard shit. Yesterday, I went to a Christmas party hosted by the 21 bar. It was a whitefest and I was not impressed. I was actually very uncomfortable. My suit felt to snug, my shirt was too white (I prefer dark colors), My hair looked weird pushed back plastered down with Gel. The food was rated a 5 out of ten and I was not impressed. Filet mignon is supposed to be Medium rare at best. My piece of steak was still trying to make a break for it when it was placed in front of me. I think I heard my piece of steak moo and I had to stab it to make the final kill. Got the Creme Boule( Flan for white folks) and headed home after my aggravation hit the highpoint of the meter. Took the train home and got to my house and I was aggravated, upset, pissed off and I went to sleep. Just another typical day Fish

 Time comes and goes and I wonder why I don't care about it. Yea, it's one of those days. I just got to work and my Boss already walks in and annoys the shit out of me. I really have to do something about trying to find other means of gainful employment. Of course, I get away with murder here and any other job would actually fire me if I spend 98% of my days writing poetry and creating blog entries. Anyway, besides that cancer ridden crack whore getting on my nerves. My day should be good. Tonight I have a Christmas party to attend with my loving Lenny. It is going to be nice because I get to remove the dust from my court suit. Yes people, suit and tie affair. I went last year and I felt really good. Lenny saw me and tried to rape me in the bathroom after I was looking all handsome. LOL I look forward to getting all nicey nice sometimes. It gives me this new renowned faith that I could look decent when I really want to. Yesterday was a cool day too. I had to meet with one of my interns to create a lesson plan for the Community Word Project. This girl Claudia is so kooky but she is really cool. We got the lesson plan done and worked very well together. We took into consideration each other's suggestions and critique and changed ideas around nicely. When I got to her job, I got there a little bit too early so I was walking around 33rd street and 7th avenue ( Madison Square Garden). Last night was the Z-100 Jingle ball so the place was jam packed with everything from little screaming white girls to the typical scalper. I tend to just walk right by scalpers since I have no interest in buying a ticket. Last night, I heard something for the first time in my life that stopped me in my tracks......... I am walking and this dude is handing out flyers and in Fish fashion, I ignore him. He then says " you wanna get your butthole eaten out". I did a double take and I was like - " holy shit". I looked at him with my look of death and he gave me a card to the nearest whorehouse on 28th street. I thought he was trying to make a homosexual advance and stabbing him in the eye was considered. Now I know that NY has gone to shit. So my day will consist of getting some things done and going home about 3:45pm to change and come back down to this Christmas shindig. Peace, Love, Porkchoppy Fish

 People came with instructions, life would be easier Life was easy, we wouldn't have war We didn't have war, many scientist would work at the Gap Poetry wasn't important, I wouldn't give a shit about it people didn't fuck up, nothing stronger can be rebuilt I still had my ten fingers, I would be locked up I loved, I would be married I didn't think so much, I wouldn't be a poet Doing ok Peace

 Do you like sex? yes no Do you like Poetry? yes no Are you understanding? yes no Are you Spoiled? yes no Are you a good kisser? yes no Can you cook? yes no Are you a poet? yes no Do you watch porn? yes no Do you have nice hips? yes no Are you respectful? yes no Would you support poetry? yes no Do you like Football? yes no Are you jealous? yes no Are you Loyal? yes no Would you rub my feet? yes no Are you into kinky sex? yes no Would you take naked pics? yes no Are you into threesomes ? yes no Do you smoke? yes no Do you drink? yes no Do you like action movies ? yes no Do you like those sappy movies? yes no Do you shave? yes no For every "yes" = 5 points For every " no " Minus 10 points Passing is 85

 Well, I am back home with this warm feeling all over my body. It is not the flu trying to kill me. It is a feeling of accomplishment, love, dedication. Tonight was one of those nights that made things perfect in my life. Acentos went out with a wild West bang tonight. Our features were Alixa Garcia and Naima Penniman with the Uniting the States tour. I am not easily left in awe or speechless but these two wonderful poets have quite achieved that difficult task. From the opening to the very last word, they left the Blue Ox with something much stronger then Poetry. They left a message of Power, change, conviction and awareness. These two poets have left their mark on Acentos and my heart. I tip my hat and forever hold a candle up to their performance. Tonight was the last Acentos for 2003. 9 months of grunt work, flyers, features, hosting, and all that other behind the scenes bullshit that we have to deal with. 9 months that have gone very very quickly. 9 months of featured poets that have raised this quality bar of performance and craft to almost unreachable heights. As for Guy LeCharles Gonzalez being our first feature and setting an incredible precedent........all the way to an astoundingly well put collaboration from Alixa and Naima, we have started something that I am proud to be a part of. Oscar went up there tonight and he thanked most of the people that have supported Acentos. So many faces have come and gone but it is all support in the same. Every single person that comes to Acentos makes a mark and we will and always appreciate that. I would love to thank every poet, supporter, curious passer-by with a personal hug. Alas, I cant. I could just send my love and blessings and go along for the ride known as Acentos 2004. My love for poetry grew a little bit more today. My love for my life grew a little bit more today. Thanks to all you motherfuckers that have said nothing but good things about Acentos and the work that we put in. Thanks to all the features that have come through and left their hearts on stage. Thanks to all the people that have listened. Thanks to all the people that have loved me. Thanks for all the people that I have showed love and appreciated that one good bye hug and thank you for coming out to Acentos. Thanks to Louder, Bowery and Nuyo. Why am I crying? simple, life is good. Peace, Love, Porkchops Merry Christmas, Happy New year, Happy Three Kings day Fish

 Last night was one of those night that rarely ever comes into my life. I made it to Bar 13 after being away for over three weeks. I realized that I missed those motherfuckers way toooo much. I think I needed some time away to get some POETIC priorities in order. Yesterday was Mr Jason Carney the purebred Texas homey doing his thing. His feature set was pretty solid and I was excited to see him make the stage his. I got some serious Nats Flashbacks when he was wearing a Black T-shirt with all the slam venue's in Texas. You all know that Union Square sends a team to Nats every year to compete against 60 some odd teams from all over the United States. In order to try and make the slam team at Union Square you have to slam and accumulate points to compete in Semi-finals. Yesterday I got my two points. YEAH BABY!!!! Those two points mean the world to me right now. I slammed against Shappy, Abena, Karen, M.C, Ray, Elana, Michaela. Good slam and I pulled out the big guns to make the third round. After a highest score "headlines" round (28.0) and a Lowest score in the second round (27.0) - I had enough points for the third round. Abena, Me, and Shappy went up there and did our thing. We finished in that order and I was pretty happy. Abena took the slam and I am loving her more and more everyday. If I am losing to anybody, Abena would be my first choice. It felt good last night to bring it and do my thing. We went to Res and munched on some serious chicken wings and talked until the later hours so I am feeling it right now. I am tired and I need to get some rest. So Bar 13 won't see my face until January 5th and that seems like ions away. I am slamming next week at the Smokin word tour in Brooklyn. It should be fun. Ahhhhhhh.............. Also, Big Crazy shout- outs to my motherfuckin favorite white boy poet - M.C Siegal. Today is his birthday so go show the Kat some love!!!!! urlLink Pero-K-Sun is here to stay so show him some Birthday love. I am out Tonight is Acentos Peace, Love, Porkchops

 The gray piraguas are all over the street. Walking in the Bronx is about as easy as history test about the future. Seems that parking tonight is not going to be an option when I come home from 13. Seems that the iron horse will see my face. I am not much of a loafer so I won't be begging for a ride home. I had one of the most uneventful weekends. I stood home and channel surfed. Amazingly enough, there isn't one show on TV that I would like to talk about. I will say this much - the Wizard of Oz is the shit. Oh man, I love those munchkins! Even yesterday, I learn something after seeing this almost once a year since the first breathe I took. You know the part when Dorothy is in Munchkin land and those three munchkins represented the " Lollipop Guild"? Well, I never knew they were saying the "lollipop Guild". I always thought they were saying...... "we represent the lollipop kids". So, here I am at the age of 32 and I feel like a moron. I still love that movie. I spent most of my day talking and chit chatting on the phone with several people. The conversations ranged from life to problems with current boyfriends. I never understood how people can have so many problems with someone and stick around. I should be one to preach, when it comes down to the relationship field I am about as useful as a Mustang 5.0 with no tires. I am ready to go but I just can't do it. Yesterday was Cheryl Boyce Taylor's shindig in the Bowery and I chose to stay home instead of heading out. The snow, people I didn't quite want to see, and the cold were all good ingredients to keep me home. I am not good at hiding my disdain for people that get on my nerves so I tend to stay away. It is a shame because I am sacrificing plenty with this mentality. I have not attended parties, functions, festivals, readings simply because I knew people would be linger about. I am getting to a better place but I still am not ready. Tonight is a good night. I should slam tonight in my vain attempts to get some points for the 2003 - 2004 Union square Slam Debacle. I am also slamming next Monday for Smokin Word to represent respective neighborhoods in NYC. It should be good. Time to goo Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 Random Thoughts Good day Plenty rest Shoveled out the hooptie, not going to move it Read more Baca Read Rumi Need to write a poem Slamming Monday Slamming next Monday too Hair is long Feeling better coughing a little Blog is done ( New One ) deleting old blog after 10, 000 hits Hungry horny Peace

 I am about to start writing this blog with the TV glowing its death rays into my brain. I have it on the comedy channel and I see that this Monday night is a new show called Hebrew Hammer. As we can see writers are lacking creativity, originality, and political correctness is out the window. Whats up folks, I am here at the homestead snowed in like most people in NYC. I am not one of those peeps that slogs through the snow for anything other then what I really have too. Since I spent about 6 days sick and home confined, I am used to it. So this snow is so nice to some people. Me personally the snow isnt anything but the frozen spit of Satan falling upon us. If I could go to an open field and admire the beauty of trees covered with the white stuff, then I would be happy. What really happens...... slush slipping cant move the car cant find parking if you take a chance and move the car salt spreaders that eat away at your paint the snowball that hits you and you cant stab the kid in the eye because he is just 12 years old wet pants wet boots wet socks runny nose cold cheeks headaches frozen slippery steps Call me grinch, call me a snow hater, call me a typical NuYorker that likes his life normal The best snowstorm was in 1977. It was a blizzard and me and my moms went out to play in the snow. She was frolicking in the like she was a little kid herself. We made snowballs, snow angels and waited until my hands went numb. You ever did that ???? Played with the snow so much and then came home and your hands are so numb that you cant turn the big knob on the TV to the channel you want to see? That is when you knew you played enough. The worst snowstorm for me was in 1995. I was in my Exs house ( demon spawn bitch from hell) and I went over early in the morning to chill. After a day of just watching movies shit went down hill. I looked out the window and the snow was at 10 solid inches and I wasnt attempting the drive home. I got stuck in Queens and I cant stand sleeping in any other beds besides mines. My ex ( demon spawn bitch from hell) was a nurse and she had no choice but to go to work. I got stuck alone in her house with her cat ( Demon spawn bitch from hell 2 ). I hated that cat. Every time I would go over. It would hiss and try to jump on me. That day was my redemption. As all cats are greedy little heathens, I went to feed him and I put his food out. When he eats, the world stops and he notices nothing. So I figured, I could just feed him all day and he wont bother me. You ever seen a cat that overeats, they could barely move. LOL. I took the cat and tortured it most of the day. He never bothered me after that . He was scared of me after that . Snow, Snow.......... Bah humbug Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 What's the deal people. Just got in from work and I can't believe when things insist on going wrong- they do!! The train ride was the typical one. Got the paper, face surfed, rode smooth. Right before we hit 59th street the train rolls to a stop. The garbling over the P.A begins.... "I'm sorry ladies and gentlemen, there seems to be a sick passenger on the train in front of us, They are seeking medical attention, we will be moving shortly" Ok, no biggie, I am up to my comics and it is not that bad. Not even 10 mins later another announcement " Ladies and gentlemen we seem to be experiencing signal switch problems at 34th street. We are on it and we should be moving shortly" Damn, that is crazy is going through my mind. Here we are and more shit pops up. I hope everything is well. Behold, the huge constant swoosh of air is heard from under the train and I know this means the brakes were pulled. " Ladies and gentlemen, it seems that the emergency brake has been triggered on this train, our crew will check this out and we should be moving shortly. We moved after 30 mins to 59th street and then the train didn't go down six avenue because of the signal problems. I had to walk from 8th avenue and it is fucking brick outside!!!!!!!! Then these fuckers want to raise the train fare? I wish the days of hopping the train were back. When I was working in C-town, I never paid the fare. It was 75 cents back then but shit, why pay if I could hop? If you noticed, I changed around my blog and added some stuff. Don't get it twisted, I did it because I fucked up my last blog. I was going to steal Oscar's Template again but I wasn't in the mood to hear shit. Well, I actually did but I chose to get creative instead of being lazy. Let me know what ya think in the guestbook. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish( I am alive ) Dawg P.S IF any of ya people out there are aware of any jobs that can pay some bills, let me know so I can pass on some info. My favorite urlLink White Boy Poet is two shakes of a tail from becoming homeless and he needs a J.O.B. So go to his blog and leave a message or e-mail him.

 Back at the jobstead. Got a couple of e-mails that have put a good smile on my face. A couple of months back, this dude was asking me some questions about slam and poetry at the Bowery. Turns out that he is going to print up my interview in an NYU periodical of sorts. Tonight we are going to meet up and go over some more questions and go a little bit deeper into the interview. Another e-mail was from Brother Shaggy up North. No, not locked up but up North from here. He finally launched his website and he has Acentos linked and also my Blog. That definitely put a smile on my face. I always liked Shaggy because he brings new meaning to " Jibaro rematao". He is one of those youngs kats that should have been born years a before his time. I know for a fact that he would have been running with the young lords and creatin all types of havoc to better " La Causa ". February 15, 2004 is a huge book launch party for the Legend himself, Bonafide Rojas. I am going to seriously plug it and make sure everyone goes. No threats this time, not yet at least. I was reading MC's blog and he is all bent crazy how every is writing some shit in their blogs. I can safely assume that I read the same blogs as him and I don't see anything really new. Except for Diane shouting the shit out of Oscar over some drunken bullshit they got into on Monday, there isn't anything life changing anyway. Maybe Matt didn't quite know, Diane and Oscar are two pitbulls that have been ripping each others throat for about a year. So don't sweat that to much. They are both really little Chihuahuas with no real imminent threat to each other. I am doing well today. I am getting over this flu and every day I am getting back to normal. I was going home yesterday and felt kinda woozy. What can I say, too much clothing and too much mierda to deal with. That tree lighting gets worse every year. I didn't even get close to the fuckin thing and everywhere was packed. Christmas time is here. I know that many people can be grinches but I tend to like the holidays. The food and holiday joy always keeps me in a good mood. This year, se jodio todo el mundo por que no hay dinero. So, if I send you a Christmas Card, that means it is your gift. Oh Actually....... Whoever reads this, e-mail me Fish@louderarts.com your address because this year I am sending out Christmas cards. If not, you ain't getting shit. LOL Let me bounce Peace

 I am back at work!!!!, Yes, back in the place that makes it all happen - from Poetry to financial stability I am here. I am actually happy after being stuck in da crib for 6 days, that shit can get to ya. I realized after channel surfing for six straight days that TV is more full of shit then ever. I can't believe that Cablevision can have over 100 channels and they give bullshit. The best show right now that completely kills me is Blind Date. I love that show so much. The concept of the show is to have people send in tapes and they get set up on blind dates. The dates themselves are somewhat blah but the graphic designers behind it all are pure GENIUS!!! They have these little pop-ups come through out the dates and they are fucking hilarious!!! 98% of the show is based out in L.A and you catch some "B" actresses and Porno stars on it. I caught Cheyenne Silver on it and you all know she is my favorite porn star. I caught Steve-O from jackass fame and that guy is insane! I caught Stacy Hollywood who is another porn star and she was throwing herself on this dude and the guy was like.... nah!!! His face was priceless as to this women was grabbing him 30 mins into the date and he was scared. Her policy was " I will not have sex with fat guys, besides that I am game". I started questioning myself how much money I needed to move to L.A ! Some of the dates end up as an intro to soft porn. Some dates resemble paint drying on a bridge. Yet, behold the powers of non-chemistry and some dates have fireworks. They start hating each other as soon as they see each other. I saw this one lasdy get in a jacuzzi with this dude and she told him to take off his pants. One pant removal later and she was like " uuhhhh...... I don't think this date is working out" and she bounced. That dude went on national TV and was shouted out for having a small pee-pee. LOL It's the little things in life that make me smile. Oh LENNY!!! I WANT TO HAVE LUNCH WITH YOU TODAY CARAJO!!!! LOL I have issues people. Peace, Love, Porkchops

 feeling better. living better writing betterer Random thoughts: Beyonce is fucking hot Jessica simpson is a moron The pillsbury doughboy looks like too many people I know Thanksgiving sucked ( need I say flu) I want to be a Rock star for three mins to beat up a papparazi I have some seriously pretty feet Phone sex is not as much fun as mutual masturbation Why do people in California want to be in NY and New yorkers want to be in California when we all just need to go to Florida. Margaret Cho looks like a Crackhead that got fat Girls all want visually enticing dicks but when the 10 inches are pulled out, they run. YO!! Girls go to strip clubs and the dudes cock smack em all night. I go to a strip club and grab a boob, I have to fight 30 bouncers! Threesomes are not that bad as long as you have an understanding. I will not eat another cup of soup for the next three years I hate e-bay I lost 6 pounds 5 days at home and a return to the streets seems possible tomorrow Peace, love, porkchops

 I dont know what is funnier, Miranda from Sex and the city getting a face full of sperm accidentally I MIGHT ADD or finding out that Don Francisco from Sabado Gigante is Jewish and German. Yes, today I found out that the most famous Latino man on any given Saturday night is Jewish and German!!!!! I was talking to a friend of mines and she informed me that a friend of hers told her that Don Francisco is Jewish. I was like Nahhhhhhhhhh. I got on the internet and with some searching, that motherfucker is a full blooded Jewish German kat that was born in Chile. Here is the article........ Don Francisco Don Francisco is the artistic name of Mario Kreutzberger, a Chilean television host. He was born in Talca, Chile in 1940 to a German Jewish family. His parents had fled to Chile escaping from Nazi persecution. As a youth, he traveled to New York to study to be a tailor, but he spent most of the time watching TV. Back in Chile, where TV was just beginning, Don Francisco started a TV show in 1962, and he named it Sbados Gigantes. In it, he adapted many of the formulas he had seen in American TV to the Chilean public. The show became an instant hit that has lasted 40 years as the #1 viewed show in Chile. In 1985, the show began to be produced in Miami, Florida, with the same formula used in Chile, with the slightly different name of Sbado Gigante. Don Francisco immediately became a household name among Latino families across the United States, and in the following five years, television networks from all over Latin America started buying the show. Spain also became a show customer during that period, and with that, 99 percent of Spanish language speaking people knew who Don Francisco was. For a few years, he continued flying weekly to Chile to tape the Chilean Sbados Gigantes, and back to Miami to do the international show. His is a four hour long variety show, including contests, comedy, interviews and a traveling camera section. The traveling camera section, or Cmara Viajera (originally La Pelcula Extranjera, The Foreign Film), has taken Don Francisco to over 185 countries world-wide, many of them more than once. He not only imported from American TV some of the ideas for his show, but also the idea of doing a Telethon, similar to the one Jerry Lewis has done for years in the USA. Don Francisco has done many telethons to raise money for disaster relief and to help disabled children. Don Francisco in his show has interviewed many celebrities, including Roberto Duran, Cristina Saralegui, Charytin and many others. In addition, his show has launched the careers of many famous entertainers, such as Sissy and many others In 1992, Don Francisco was accused by one of his models of sexual harassment, but the charges were dismissed. Nowadays, he has stopped flying back and forth between Miami and Chile each week to tape both the Chilean show and the international show, and his daughter Viviana is becoming quite famous as the host of the Chilean show. Apparently, having to travel so much between Miami and his home country each week, plus having to travel to worldwide locations to tape La Cmara Viajera, was becoming too strenuous for him. As of 2002, Don Francisco's show has completed 40 years, and its host has said he has no plans to retire until the day he dies. I am going to pROTEST that us latinos can't even have the most popular latino show. What is next??? The Puerto Rican day Parade?? I am buggin out over here

 One of the most honest Blog entries I have seen so far....... urlLink Check it out

 Home fighting the flu for the 5th day. Last night was rather interesting. I was in my bed coughing and sneezing and doing my usual pleghm removal from my body. I sneezed last night and blew my nose and threw the paper into the trash. I still felt some nice warm stuff come from the nasal facility. I proceeded to the bathroom and I knew things were not good. From the flu, I am thinking I now have ebola. Both my eyes were bloodshot in the inner corners and the blood was coming down hardcore from the nose. I tried to put my EMT training to take care of me didnt work. I was trying to stay away from the hospital because I thought I was going to get over this shit. The nosebleed changed that attitude quickly. Called a cab and headed to Montefiore E.R. I wasnt calling an ambulance to spend 700 dollars for 4 blocks. What happens?? Seems that you are sick Mr Vargas NO SHIT ASSHOLE!! The nosebleed was from the violent coughing and hacking. They give me a prescription for amoxycilin take 1 every six hours. Guess what folks, I have been doing that since day one and it hasnt been working. I had these meds at home and I was popping them. Today, I actually feel better. I am not coughing that much and the nasal cavity seems to be clearing up. I am home and I am not dead. At least they took my blood and found out I was sick. What the fuck, I hate doctors! Please call me at home. I am bored Peace, love, Porkchops

 It is of no secret my disdain of local authorities here in NYC. I mainly direct this rebellious attitude towards the NYPD. Not only have they proved over the years to walk heavy and carry a quick trigger finger they have been nothing but power crazy. I am making this a pretty long post but I hope you stay with me. Yesterday I had to be somewhere at 6pm sharp. For those that know me, I pride myself on punctuality. I hate when people are late meeting me so I never do it to nobody. When I come home to embark in the hooptie I see a cop car blockin me. I knew this was not good. They could be there from 10 mins to an hour depending on whatever call they are on. 5:20 is the time and I have 40 mins to my destination. 5:30 is when I decided to call the local precint in a vain attempt to have them radio the police officers and have them move the car. I knew them being on a call would make this a super longshot but I tried. Desk Sargent Penny told me They are on an emergency 911 call and they have to take the report. Ok, this was a waste of 55 cents for information to give me the number to the precint but I tried. 5:45 pm and I make my phonecall. I am going to be late so we might have to talk another day. I was slightly miffed because I really wanted to talk and get some things off my chest and try to find a way to deal with some things. There goes my evening which was shot to shit. 6:10 pm I start calling people to entertain them with my story of being stuck in my car. Roger thought it was funny and we made plans to meet up to hit a party but that is another story. 6:27 is when the cops walk out the door and they get in the car. My day done and I wasnt going to get angry. There was no valid point in aggravating myself in seeing these two cops. A small piece of me imagined myself getting out the car and beefing that I had to be somewhere and I missed something extremely important because they blocked me in. I imagined them and I exchanging several rounds of heated rhetoric and ranting. They come up to me and try to arrest me for Disorderly conduct but I crush the windpipe of one officer with straight tiger style strike at his throat. He falls to the floor struggling to breathe and I grab his radio and crush his skull. The other officer jumps on me and I flip him over and he falls to the floor and I stab him in the eye with my pen. He is blinded and starts to scream and I take out my knife and slice his throat. I slice open his pants and grab the keys and open the trunk to the cop car. I throw them both in and drive to hunts point to my friends Food warehouse. I remove the officers clothing and leave them naked. I throw both officers in their incinerator which burns rotting food and human flesh alike. I then drive the car about six blocks away to the junk yard and have them crush the car and bury it under 5000 other cars. How did I get to that all within 2 mins??? What actually happened was me getting out of my car and walking around and asking the cop politely if he can move his car for I can leave. He obliged and on my merry way I went. I could have just went home but I had to leave instead of coming to my house and festering a deeper hatred of what we in the street call overseers. In my travels, a memory of a true story was triggered by the previous incident. In 1991 in my old neighborhood I was harassed by some officers to leave the corner ( our usual hanging spot ) or upon their return they will arrest us. They gave us ten minutes and they departed. They lied to me and came back in five mins. When they walked up to me and told me to put my hands behind my back my ghetto rebellious ass refused. I said I didnt d anythng and I was going home. 4 officers and one Sargent threatening me with arrest for just standing in a corner was not my idea of justice nor policing the neighborhood. 3 officers started grabbing me and a light scuffle between us ensued. The Sargent at this time comes straight into my face and says in what I guess he considered a low threatening growl..... If you dont stay still, you will go to the hospital instead of the precint. I look at him and everything that I hated in my life resonated and morphed in his face. I told him what are you going to do??? You are going to hit me??? You are a......... Before I even finished that sentence he cocked back his hand and smacked me right across my face that made everything I believed in questionable. 2 seconds after I got smacked I came back with every ounce of anger, hatred and reasoning that I could muster in the form of a right hook across his nose. Bench pressing 245 at that time, semi-pro football conditioning, enough fights to know where to hit to knock you out all equaled a complete and utter knockout of the Sargent. The other cops let me go to tend the Sargent that hit the floor somewhat similar to a ton of chopped and graded liver. Did I run ?Did I attempt to make a break for it? Nope. I stood there against the wall and my point was made. You hit me I hit you back. My block started getting crazy with everyone screaming. A couple of bottle came flying and before things got out of hand and anyone else got hurt, I let them handcuff me and take me. The precint is about a 10 minute walk from my old block and when I got there the cops were gun ho to charge me with everything under the sun. whats your name? Get me a lawyer Where do you live? Get me a lawyer How old are you? Get me a lawyer Do you realize you are getting a definite 7 years for hitting that officer?? Get me a lawyer 1 hour into my arrest and my lawyer shows up with about 40 people from my neighborhood saying that he hit me first and all I did was protect myself. In the holding room the officer walk in with his eyes swollen and readily turning a slight shade of purple. you think you are a wiseguy huh? I am not the one with two black eyes I could make you disappear if I wanted to no, you can attempt to make me disappear, doesnt mean it will happen What makes you such a badass? I have heart unlike most of you He comes up to me and at this time I feel pretty fucked because I am handcuffed with no way of protecting this pretty face. you a man? take these cuffs off. If not, the streets will be a level playing field Eye to eye....... he walks out. I was charged with Disorderly conduct and resisting arrest. The assault on a police officer never came into play. One thing for sure, years later and I still get respect from the older officers from around the way. They all knew I never hustled or did dirt. I was just a neighborhood dude with a short fuse. Yesterday was kinda a test of that short fuse. I met up with a friend late night and I parked in a handicapped zone while she and I talked in her job. Sure enough, a cop comes and he give me a ticket for parking in the zone. I was wrong for parking there but the ticket was for 180 dollars!! That shit almost made me lose my mind. I barely have two nickels to rub together and this ticket was 180 dollars!!!! I called my homegirl when I was 10 mins from my house and beef. She got in contact with the officer (he works in that area which is a movie theater) and he tells her if I can come back, he could take care of it.I had to turn around and trek back to the BK to have him somewhat alter the ticket. So here is the duality of the situation: I despise almost anything or anyone with the label of Authority in NYC. Yet, this cop got me out of this 180 dollar ticket. If my homegirl has to give him ass, so be it. I dont have to pay 180 and that was the only thing I was happy about. Does this cop have the power to change my views on everything COP. Nope! It just made my views stronger that many if not all cops are pieces of shit. He went against his rules and doctored my ticket. This means many other cops are out there bending and breaking the rules when they see fit. FUCK DA POLICE!! Other then that ...... Highlights of my evening - Getting a new radio in my house. I HAVE MUSIC - Going to the nuyo by myself and seeing DX21 and Augustus do well - meeting a female poet named JOJO that heard about what we do and she loves it - coming home and staying up until 6am fixing things in my house for the superbowl party - listening to music - talking really in depth with Rich. That motherfucker is moving up and I am so happy for his Monkey ass Let me run Peace Fish

 I never gave it much thought until seeing the article. The first show of 2004 was a doozie and we even had a NY Times reporter in the house taking notes. The article falls under the umbrella of ARTS in the Bronx but a decently crafted story was about Acentos. First UTNE ( Mad Love to Tony BRown ) and now the NY Times. I threw in the link for you can read the whole article. Below is the immediate blurb about us at what we call home. ***************************************************** Arts activity is hardly limited to the two square blocks around Hostos. Ten blocks south Aronne Baietti, a commercial fisherman by trade, opened the Blue Ox on Third Avenue and 139th Street a little more than a year ago to serve a growing group of local professionals looking for a place to kick back. Today the bar still provokes pedestrian double takes. It looks completely out of place, as if some tornado had swept it off the Upper East Side and planted it in the Bronx. But on the inside it's just a friendly watering hole that serves inexpensive mixed drinks and questionable frozen pizza. The bar holds poetry readings on Bronx Culture Trolley nights, and two Tuesdays a month it is taken over by the Acentos Poetry Series. Despite the name, which means "accents" in Spanish, the work is mostly in English with a few Spanish terms thrown in. Acentos always has a headliner - the first January event featured Hector Rivera of the Welfare Poets - but the meat of the evening was the open-mike session, where more than a score of poets read and performed before a friendly, encouraging crowd of 40 (half of whom, of course, were poets themselves). The performer to make the strongest impression called himself Harlym 125, a teacher by day who gave a loud, fiery discourse about the state of urban education that, were it not so coherent, would have qualified as a rant. Everyone took a hit - from President Bush, an easy target in this crowd, to teachers who do not take action to change the fate of their students, an admonition that may have resonated with some participants. "That was dope, dude," said Oscar Bermeo, the show's master of ceremonies, after raucous applause. "The next time, more intensity, a'ight?" Mr. Bermeo, whose organization, louderARTS, holds similar events downtown, said later that the site makes the event: "If we did the same thing in Manhattan, we'd probably have two or three times the crowd. But it's not about that. It's about the opportunity to say, `Yo, I read in the Bronx.' " ****************************************** Peace Fish urlLink Acentos in the NY Times

 Don't even ask about the subject header!!!! What do you get when you have a room full of poets breaking bread and enjoying each others company? The most minimal poetry talk possible! Yesterday was a one of those days where you realize that your weird poet friends are actually pretty cool. I've noticed within our venerable bunch, we have rappers, storytellers, quiet folk, loud folk, and plain weird folk. Makes me kinda tingly to knowing these people are cool to be with. Dare I say funny as all bloody hell sometimes too. From the Trinny lady that chopped off her dreads to a optimal orgasm from the newly minted sex toy called " the tingler ", too much to even think about. I always felt breaking bread with poets/ friends/ or anybody has always been a much more calm and relaxed atmosphere. Matter a fact - I will propose the next meeting of the minds over some food. For years I have always had a kick with going out to eat. Give me some food and I am good. When I meet someone and I feel they are worthy to go out, dinner is usually the protocol. Back in 1992 when I got hurt, I came out of the hospital after a 33 day stint and called every single person that came to visit me. I would pick them up and take them to a variety of different places to eat. IF you think you know me-realize how many people I know. Do you think I know alot of people now?? I have always prided myself in keeping contact with the world that comes in contact with Fish. After spending my savings in treating people to dinner, my EX girlfriend was pissed. I wasn't working at that time ( because of the injury) and I had ample time on my hands. So, I went out to dinner every night for a straight 7 weeks. 80 bucks per dinner on average..... you do the math. At least every person knew how much I appreciated them coming to see me. If that was to happen now....... Expect a Thank you Poem. Everything is going pretty good these days. No complaints as of yet. Peace, Love, Pokchops. Fish

 So, should I talk about the doom and gloom of this fuckin weather? It wasn't that bad but I made my life a living hell last night. Let me try to go in order. Last night was our little thing called Acentos. With about 10 inches of snow readily to be dropped on the blue Ox itself- we still had a crowd. How in the fuck do people come out with such bad weather is beyond me. I don't leave my house even when it rains let alone snow. Acentos was pretty cool last night. I think all I really liked was the feature. She seemed to be having fun up there and it made me feel good. When she featured at Bar 13 a couple of months back, she seemed really up-tight. Last night the comfort level was there. There were some things that ticked me off but we will recitify them down the road. Leaving there last night was the mission. I had to go and pick up some things for the SuperBowl Party on Sunday. I know that I had issues in driving but doing needless driving was pushing it. The snow and ice was freezing on my wipers and the only thing getting wiped down were the beads of sweat off my forhead from the typhoon of nerves within me. I stopped several times to wipe the windows down and try to make it easier to see. After I dropped my cranky lenny off, I headed home and I am so happy I got a parking spot. Even though this morning my Dad took the car to work - I am glad I had a spot. At least this morning I got to sleep late. When I called in and found out the company was open, I stretched and went back to sleep. I knew no one would come in today so I didn't rush at all. Got here around 10:30 and here is about 4 people here. Gotta love the snow and all these white people living in the burbs. Peace

 yea...it's one of those days. I didn't get to sleep at a decent hour. Sometimes I wonder why I stay up when I know I will regret it the next morning. I am ok but I have that weak and tired thing going on and it is not fun. Yesterday was a good day. If you all haven't heard nor seen - Lynne ( Big Mama Procope ) is bald. She has taken the bold step of shaving her head down to a tawdry cue-ball. I saw her on Sunday and I was genuinely shocked and awed into a " Holy shit". It looks cool and I do commend her on taking one of the boldest steps. After growing dreads for 7 plus years and you just cut them off - that makes you brave in my book. Bar 13 was ok yesterday. Andrea Gibson was our feature and she was pretty good. Oh man, why am I even going to say this??? Dare I ?? She sounded to slammy at some points. One thing that I have learned over the year or two in this game is: 1 If you are feature, you don't have to rush through a piece. Take your time and make sure the audience gets to hear every word. 2 Engage your audience and treat them to your hard work. She did look kinda nervous up there but I think she did ok. I have noticed that I have leaned towards the features that read calmly and go through their pieces very methodically. When a poet reads and I feel every word coming out of their mouth has meaning, then I am hooked. This is why I have paid so much attention to the greybeards and old slam farts. These are merely the descriptions they have used - not me. I don't think I would ever see Taylor screaming and moving his mouth a 50 MPH. Lynne also can rock the house with extremely well crafted poetry. No gimmicks, No jumping up and down, no ranting, no speed talking. Just you in front of the microphone reciting some images that will make an audience cry. That is what it is all about. Wow - I guess the 2003 " Dance " debacle that L.A did throw out there was nothing great. Tonight is Acentos is this is our home. I hope to see you kats out there in full support. It is going to be a blast. Peace, Love, Pork Chops

 To take a page off Rich's Surreal moments of my life............. On Saturday I get a phone call from Lois ( Nuyorican Director of sorts ) and she tells me they have had several cancellations at the Nuyorican. My first thougt is "ok". Then she proceeds to tell me about how she would love for me to produce a show there on Feb 11 from 7-9. Now guys, producing a show takes time and energy. Energy is not a problem - time has always fuckin escaped me. Anyway - She tells me starting in April we can have a weekly spot at the Nuyorican to do whatever we want. I was on the computer with Rich and we were both metaphorically jumping up and down. In trying to do good for my community at large. I gave it some thought and I wanted to have Ray's series come back to a good life. I want to concentrate on Poetry but I want the experimental collaborations to come into play. SynonymUS is a good format but I think it could be better and dare I say a friendlier format for the first timer. So in keeping with my selfless acts of kindness - The first event will be billed as a barometer for the weekly events to come. Oh folks, don't get it twisted.... Acentos gets top billing. Acentos presents......... SynonymUS blah blah blah " a homage to nuyorican poetry That is the general idea that I have in mind. You can come and read your poetry acapella or with Ray and his musical tinklings. Either a poem of yours or paying homage to Pinero, Pietri, Perdomo, Cruz, Espada, Esteves or whoever you would like to read. I want to see an energetic evening filled with poetry, music, singing and life. The best part about this is we get the NUYO right before the Wed open slam. We get to promote everything else that we have going on. Acentos has been said to bring the "Nuyo" back in NuyoRican poetry. With a foot in the door at the NUYO RICAN...... Acentos is taking over. Point, period, punto. So Feb 11 is our First event and we will have a newsletter today. Big Things Big Dawg Big Fish Peace, Love, Poetry

 When I first took reins in Rikers Island I gave a speech that was considered rather abnormal for a classroom setting. How we doing? Thanks for coming here today. My Name is Samuel Vargas. Most likely you will never hear that full name again uttered in this class. My nickname is Fish and I prefer to be called just that Fish. To get to this quickly ( put my hand in the air).......... 1 I am not getting yall shit 2- Dont ask me for shit that does not deal with poetry 3- Favors dont exist If you have the urge to ask me for anything that borders on the illegal, refrain from doing so because there is no chance. Lets get right into it I always felt the need to say that speech because I am there to teach poetry and make sure these kats walk out with a feel of what true poetry is. The program that I am dealing with is in total disarray as we speak. One of the big wig chics was mesmerized by the power of the ghetto magic stick and did everything she told me I COULDNt DO! This is what is wrong with people. They preach and sermon and do the wrongs in their long drawn out soliloquies. Bringing cigarettes to a correctional facility is throwing fuel on the fire as they say. After you bring cigarettes, you are asked to bring alcohol. After that , you are asked to bring anything and everything that can be considered contraband. In dealing with the correctional system from both sides- shit is still fucked up. We have had opportunity upon opportunity to bring things to Rikers that would make the normal person blush. As a teacher, you are granted this status of trust and it is scary of what you can do. I have walked into Rikers with my Knife everytime. I have walked in with my cell phone, pager, 2 way. What else can I get on there with??? Anything with no problem. I chose to keep a clean nose for the simple reason of not giving a chance to these inmates. They have made mistakes and are paying for it with their freedom and granted that is not an easy task- this is what they were dealt. There is also the little factor of once you do it - you are more then likely stuck in a circle where you have to do it again and again. As a visitor of the correctional system, you have the right attitude and words to go with it and you are ok. You can have everything from fast food to whatever amenity your meterosexual ass missed on the outside. Teaching at Rikers gives you a good outlook on life. Why??? You get to go home. I havent had much experience teaching so I rarely ever use that title of teacher. There is a huge difference between teaching and running a workshop. Even though I will be finishing this Community word project teaching program and I will be a bonafide teaching artist. Whatever the fuck that means at least I will have a feeling of accomplishment. Rikers hasnt been easy this year. I am dealing with the behind the scenes of administrative chores and also trying to get my teaching time in. I was also in charge of three instructors that came with me to run these workshops. I wasnt too keen on policing them simply because I am not qualified. The fellas ( inmates ) have all had glorious reviews of them and that makes me happy. I hope that next term will be just as good. I even invited some of inmates that are being released to consider coming back and giving their time as volunteers to the program. Nothing would send a more positive message to the next round of class then seeing former inmates in a constructive role. We see. Peace, Love, Porkchops

 Who remembers waking up early Saturday and Sunday morning without your mothers chancleta wacking you upside the head to go to school? The Saturday morning cartoons were a staple in most of the 30 year old geriatric farts that we call poets. We didn't have Nick at Night or that cartoon Channel shit. We didn't have Sponge Bob Squarepants ( Who is flammingly gay I might add) or the new porno star known as Bob the builder. We had Voltron, G.I Joe, Transformers, Bugs Bunny, Smurfs, and an array of other cartoons that made growing up in the 70's a pleasure. Well, this is kind sad.... Remember this kat on the right? Good ol Captain Kangaroo. The guy has a real name but to me, it doesn't matter. Today...... He died at 76. I always thought he was much older then that . First Mr Rogers and now the Captain. Those Magic Garden chics better be careful.

 Love is a motherfucker Freestyle rocks Hip-hop is stagnate Asia Carrera retired and I am sad over that Barely legal porno's rock I will organize a huge poetry festival in NYC within the next two years It will headline some of the biggest names in Poetry Page and stage will be the same thing in this motherfucker Guy is weird I am scared about losing the Blue Ox bar Karen Jaime has to be the best person I have worked with so far Rich is my anchor Lenny left me really horny the other day Oscar is just Oscar I miss hanging with my man Eric I can't wait until my superbowl party Tony Brown - you are invited to la Casa pescatore for the superbowl shindig of all shindig's 12 e-mails as to " Don't delete blog " 1 message in guestbook : Do what you want. I don't care My dad is stubborn My mother is old My Galant needs a washing My best female friend hasn't called me in two months I am in a mood for sushi White Castle is the shit at 4am

 wow. I have seen several venues over a year or two with a slight tendency to stretch the truth. Here is a scale to give you an idea: 5+ People = intimate crowd 10+ people = nice crowd 20+ people =good crowd 30+ people = great crowd 40 +people = awesome crowd 50+ people = incredible crowd 60+ people = Oh My God Sometimes you can patronize a venue and you and the bartender are bonding over a host and three of his friends that have read the same poem for 6 years. This would fall in the country of intimate. Yet, the next day........ the host will send out and e-mail to his group listing of over 500 people. Oh My God!! Last night was the most incredible night of poetry that we have ever see. Wall to wall people with a jam packed open mic They havent seen more then six people in the same room in several years. Now, I am not saying anything Im just saying. In the interest of you scratch my back and I will scratch yours, I still have to keep it real. Fish

 .......nothing is impossible - shoot for the stars. This is how I felt last night after seeing a fundraiser several steps above most expectations. Standing room only with an across the board love for a poet that has undoubtedly touched everyone there. Yesterday was perfection in my book. As I was optimistic this fundraiser would be better then the first and second one combined - I was almost right. Karen and I took on this thing with vigor, fervor, even a little added animosity. I say this because some of the older people might have more love for one of their own but we can make it happen. Regardless, I think Karen handled the night with grace and she is quickly becoming on of my Favorite poets behind Guy and Eric(g). Blown away by some poets with a mix of emotions and joy, I didn't know where to stand. I was walking around with my nerves making my muscles twitch. Greeting Martin Espada and Jack Agueros outside and having them know who I am was mindblowing. Then.......sitting on the stage while espada read "en la Calle San Sebastian" did something that never happened to me before.... 500 e-mails Over 1 hundred phonecalls on my cell phone Confirmations Cancellations Thank you hugs Pictures Poetry Love .......yesterday.. I cried. I cried for Pedro. I cried for me. I cried for everything that has made this life so good. I cried on the stage while Espada read a poem that touch me so hard that it took everything within me not to crawl up into the fetal position and give thanks to whatever deity is looking over me. Whatever little thing that made my mind click and say " Poetry is your life" - I thank that moment. I don't think one person on this scene can say anything bad about me or what I stand for. What it is??? Unity. Unity as one large NYC Poetry fuckin community I feel a connection between Bowery, Bar 13, Nuyo, Soundz, Cheyyenne, Cornelia, Julia Deburgos, Carlitos, Amy Ruth's, hottest Poets. Granted..... I have my differences in the caliber of poetry but they all know that I have love for them. Under the circumstances... there is a positive. To take words out of Martin...... " I have a dream. I have a dream that one day NYC will hold Nationals in the most exciting city in the United States. This might not happen today nor next year. I promise you that either alive or dead - Nationals will be held in NYC. It is possible and no one can tell me otherwise. Fish ( Pumping his fist in the air) Dawg

 I believe in change and I believe in new beginnings. I have reached the 10000 mark. I have always said that once I hit this milestone that I will delete this blog and move on. Shoud I??? Shouldn't I?? I am not searching for the answer. I am just trying to figure what I really feel. The blog is cool and it is extremely entertaining. Regardless - the purpose of the blog is to journal my everyday feelings of anger happiness sadness depression etc........ It has turned into more of a social tool to get more points as to who has the best blog, most entertaining blog, deep blog, funniest blog. I onestly don't give a left nut what people think but it can still play a factor. Should I ? Shouldn't I?? We see Stay tuned Fish

 Happy New Year to all my Chinese brothers and sisters out there. Even though the closest chinese friend I have is on my shit list - I can still say Happy new Year. I gathered some facts for all of the Stalkers that haven't a clue about new years. Peace Chinese New Year starts with the New Moon on the first day of the new year and ends on the full moon 15 days later. The 15th day of the new year is called the Lantern Festival, which is celebrated at night with lantern displays and children carrying lanterns in a parade. The Chinese calendar is based on a combination of lunar and solar movements. The lunar cycle is about 29.5 days. In order to "catch up" with the solar calendar the Chinese insert an extra month once every few years (seven years out of a 19-yearcycle). This is the same as adding an extra day on leap year. This is why, according to the solar calendar, the Chinese New Year falls on a different date each year. New Year's Eve and New Year's Day are celebrated as a family affair, a time of reunion and thanksgiving. The celebration was traditionally highlighted with a religious ceremony given in honor of Heaven and Earth, the gods of the household and the family ancestors. The sacrifice to the ancestors, the most vital of all the rituals, united the living members with those who had passed away. Departed relatives are remembered with great respect because they were responsible for laying the foundations for the fortune and glory of the family. The presence of the ancestors is acknowledged on New Year's Eve with a dinner arranged for them at the family banquet table. The spirits of the ancestors, together with the living, celebrate the onset of the New Year as one great community. The communal feast called "surrounding the stove" or weilu. It symbolizes family unity and honors the past and present generations. ***************************************** The 15-Day Celebration of Chinese New Year The first day of the Lunar New Year is "the welcoming of the gods of the heavens and earth."Many people abstain from meat on the first day of the new year because it is believed that this will ensure long and happy lives for them.On the second day, the Chinese pray to their ancestors as well as to all the gods. They are extra kind to dogs and feed them well as it is believed that the second day is the birthday of all dogs. The third and fourth days are for the sons-in-laws to pay respect to their parents-in-law. The fifth day is called Po Woo. On that day people stay home to welcome the God of Wealth. No one visits families and friends on the fifth day because it will bring both parties bad luck. On the sixth to the 10th day, the Chinese visit their relatives and friends freely. They also visit the temples to pray for good fortune and health. The seventh day of the New Year is the day for farmers to display their produce. These farmers make a drink from seven types of vegetables to celebrate the occasion. The seventh day is also considered the birthday of human beings. Noodles are eaten to promote longevity and raw fish for success. On the eighth day the Fujian people have another family reunion dinner, and at midnight they pray to Tian Gong, the God of Heaven. The ninth day is to make offerings to the Jade Emperor. The 10th through the 12th are days that friends and relatives should be invited for dinner. After so much rich food, on the 13th day you should have simple rice congee and mustard greens (choi sum) to cleanse the system. The 14th day should be for preparations to celebrate the Lantern Festival which is to be held on the 15th night. ***************************************** House Cleaning The entire house should be cleaned before New Year's Day. On New Year's Eve, all brooms, brushes, dusters, dust pans and other cleaning equipment are put away. Sweeping or dusting should not be done on New Year's Day for fear that good fortune will be swept away. After New Year's Day, the floors may be swept. Beginning at the door, the dust and rubbish are swept to the middle of the parlor, then placed in the corners and not taken or thrown out until the fifth day. At no time should the rubbish in the corners be trampled upon. In sweeping, there is a superstition that if you sweep the dirt out over the threshold, you will sweep one of the family away. Also, to sweep the dust and dirt out of your house by the front entrance is to sweep away the good fortune of the family; it must always be swept inwards and then carried out, then no harm will follow. All dirt and rubbish must be taken out the back door. Bringing In the New Year and Expelling the Old Shooting off firecrackers on New Year's Eve is the Chinese way of sending out the old year and welcoming in the New Year. On the stroke of midnight on New Year's Eve, every door in the house, and even windows, have to be open to allow the old year to go out. New Year Activities Set Precendent All debts had to paid by this time. Nothing should be lent on this day, as anyone who does so will be lending all the year. Back when tinder and flint were used, no one would lend them on this day or give a light to others. Everyone should refrain from using foul language and bad or unlucky words. Negative terms and the word "four" (Ssu), which sounds like the word for death, are not to be uttered. Death and dying are never mentioned and ghost stories are totally taboo. References to the past year are also avoided as everything should be turned toward the New Year and a new beginning. If you cry on New Year's day, you will cry all through the year. Therefore, children are tolerated and are not spanked, even though they are mischievous. Personal Appearance and CleanlinessOn New Year's Day, we are not suppose to wash our hair because it would mean we would have washed away good luck for the New Year. Red clothing is preferred during this festive occasion. Red is considered a bright, happy color, sure to bring the wearer a sunny and bright future. It is believed that appearance and attitude during New Year's sets the tone for the rest of the year. Children and unmarried friends, as well as close relatives are given lai see, little red envelopes with crisp one dollar bills inserted, for good fortune. More New Year SuperstitionsFor those most superstitious, before leaving the house to call on others, the Almanac should be consulted to find the best time to leave the home and the direction which is most auspicious to head out.The first person one meets and the first words heard are significant as to what the fortunes would be for the entire year. It is a lucky sign to see or hear songbirds or red-colored birds or swallows.It is considered unlucky to greet anyone in their bedroom so that is why everyone, even the sick, should get dressed and sit in the living room.Do not use knives or scissors on New Year's Day as this may cut off fortune.While many Chinese people today may not believe in these do's and don'ts, these traditions and customs are still practiced. These traditions and customs are kept because most families realize that it is these very traditions, whether believed or not, that provide continuity with the past and provide the family with an identity. What's your sign? Rat 1960 1972 1984 1996 Ox 1961 1973 1985 1997 Tiger 1962 1974 1986 1998 Rabbit 1963 1975 1987 1999 Dragon 1964 1976 1988 2000 Snake 1965 1977 1989 2001 Horse 1966 1978 1990 2002 Sheep 1967 1979 1991 2003 Monkey 1968 1980 1992 2004 Rooster 1969 1981 1993 2005 Dog 1970 1982 1994 2006 Pig 1971 1983 1995 2007

 Last year around this time I was wetting my feet in the slam scene. I was slamming on a more then rare basis and I was always nervous as holy fuck about it. At this time was my famous "freezing" moment at the NUYO. I froze twice during the poem and was traumatized from there on out. Segue onto the next slam and the story plays like this. I tell Oscar that I want to slam on Monday regardless of the debacle that I just went through at the Nuyo. All week I was memorizing my "Yo Soy del Bronx" piece and I wanted to bust it from memory. As Oscar was trying to tell me that the piece is longer then three minutes, I was sure my piece was under the dreaded time limit. Come Monday and I proudly get up there and "spit". Four minutes and twenty five seconds later and I was done. It sucks folks.... the time penalty brought me down to a stinging 22. I knew the piece was long but not to the point where it would kill me. At that time I went first and got the highest score in the first round but that time penalty sucks ass. Lenny brought me a stop watch and I haven't gone over since! Moral of the story?? Diane, buy a fuckin stop watch! That skinny west coast chic needs a stop watch engrained in her forehead. I don't think there is one viable excuse for a seasoned veteran to go over the time limit. I will forgive you forgetting a poem you have done 60 times over before I forgive a time penalty. The slam was decent yesterday as Celena is making all of Bar 13 competitors her bitches. I love her style and she holds firm with every word that comes from her mouth. RAC killed it and I was happy to see her get some points. Also - my new slam whore Abena has taken the title away from Ray this year. Ray never slammed until I convinced him that he had what it took. Before you know it- instant whore! Ray slammed at least 5 times last year. Abena has six under her belt and she is solid!!! I will most likely slam in two weeks and try to get some points. Fish is leaving the Fish Tank

 ........is a motherfucker. I was in a bad mood yesterday for several reasons. None in which I will even remotely divulge here. I will give mention of a situation I had yesterday with a person that lives in my building. Let me get to the brunt of the facts that will paint a fair and un-biased picture of this bitch. Ooops... I am already being unfair. Anyway...... My mother has an aquaintance in this building that I really dont quite get along with. Some of the reasons that I dont like her are simple. She loves to boast and brag about her life. She brags about her perfect marriage. She brags about being the perfect woman. She brags about being morally and ethically righteous. This shouldnt be a bad thing but when I clearly can see that it is all under the umbrella of bullshit it gets to me. Yesterday the pot boiled over. With me being in a bad mood and not readily adept to control my temper it was the perfect combination for a blowout. As I made my sandwiches and wanted to spend some quality time with my parents, her mere presence annoyed me. Her smell, her aura, her breathing everything made my blood curl like spoiled milk. She was looking through a magazine and kept boasting how she was going into the gym to get her body perfected. She wanted to stay in shape to attract a good man. At this time I was pushed to the metaphorical edge and I started. Fish says... what is the purpose of you trying to look good? Whore says.... I want to look good to get a man to take care of me you want to look good for a man can take care of you?. How about trying to look good for you? I have to look good because no man wants a fat woman No, no man wants to get together with a woman that has excessive baggage from previous relationships let alone three kids from three different fathers. Ok guys..... She has three kids from three different baby daddies. This does not bold well with any normal man that walks the face of the NYC dirt trails. I was being nice at this point and I didnt pull out the big guns. She says Well, I need to find a man that has been in a situation like mines and understands what I have gone through I say So you want to be with a man that has fathered three kids to three different women and refuses to work? From what I see, you refuse to work. What happen to your last job??? She says I got fired That explains how bad you want to work. If you got fired, you didnt really want to work Ok people the anger was setting in and I decided to pull off the gloves. I was about to give up and walk out with a draw. Now she pulled her gloves off and mentions......... Well, how about you??? You dont have kids and you dont even have a relationship because no one wants to be with you Oh man oh man........ this is were the doozies come out. I say I dont have a relationship because I dont want one. I dont want kids and the mere fact that I dont have them proves that I have been responsible enough to not accidently bring a child into this world. Unlike you you were married to sergio and boasting in this living room how you are righteous and love the fact that you are married to a good man that takes care of you. You were saying you love sergio but was fuckin martin on the side when sergio was working. You say you left sergio??? no no no.. Sergio left you when martin Got you pregnant! So when you are married and get pregnant from someone other then your husband what does that make you She say that is my business and that is my problem I say it becomes MY problem when you come to my parents house and they feed you and your THREE kids. It becomes my problem when you LIE to my mother and tell her that you would pay her for three days of babysitting and she still has yet to see that money. She says Whatever, I have my life and it is better then what yours will ever be I say If your life of starving kids and you begging my parents makes your life better then mine you are sad. You boast and brag and you are nothing but a typical puta from the street trying to find some poor schmoe to take care of you. You want to squeeze every dollar out of a mans pocket with a pussy that has been used several times over. You are a typical fuckin sucia. Three kids from three different fathers with several abortions under your belt. Be fuckin smart, at least use condoms. She gets up and says Who are you to talk to me like that ? I say I am the man that has worked the same job for 16 years. I am the man that is responsible enough to BE FUCKIN RESPONSIBLE. I am the man that pays MY own bills. I am the man that has the right to say whatever the fuck he wants in HIS parents house. You are a fucking visitor that has pushed my buttons every time you walk through that door. You have your own apartment go there and stay there. She say I am leaving ( with a good amount of tears starting ) I dont need this. I say Now you want to cry?. You know what, real putas dont cry so dont start. You are a professional puta and a sucia that needs to get a job. I dont even want you on welfare because that means that my money takes care of another Puta de la calle. DO me a favor and get the fuck out of here. Go home and stay the fuck out of here. If I am here, do not walk through the door. I dont need your shit and my parents dont need your shit. She cries some more and she left. I go to the fridge and pull out a malta and drink it with a smile. My father says tu eres loco. I say Por que, because I told her the truth? I told my father that he is another hypocrite. He talks shit how he doesn't like her but he cow tows everytime that bitch walks through the door. My mother smiled a little smile when I threw everything on the table that she always wanted to say. I am the first one to admit it, when I am in a bad mood stay away from me. This was something that was long in the coming and I have no regrets. Fish

 Wednesday, January 21st @ 7pm Tribute Fundraiser for the Reverend Pedro Pietri Third in a series of readings for the Pedro Pietri Health Benefit Fund Featured readers include: Oscar Bermeo, Fish, Rich Villar, Karen Jaime, Edwin Torres, Lynne Procope, Roger Bonair-Agard, Nancy Mercado, Jack Agueros, Martin Espada, and more Nuyorican Poets Caf 236 E. 3rd St. F Train to 2nd Ave. $6 PRAISE DAY FOR PEDRO PIETRI: A Benefit Poetry Reading & Celebration for el Rev The third leg of the fundraiser will take place at the world famous Nuyorican poets cafe for the great Nuyorican poet Pedro Pietri on Wednesday, Jan. 21, from 7pm - 9pm. Pietri, who has added stomach cancer to a long list of maladies he sees as related to his exposure to Agent Orange in the VietNam War, has vowed to fight the disease by alternative methods. Admission will be $6, with all proceeds going to the Pedro Fund. Donations will be solicited throughout the night, at the door, and at bucket by the microphone - all praise the poetry, and pay for it, too! Hosted by Karen Jaime For more info: Fish@louderarts.com 917-209-4211 Tribute Fundraiser for the Rev Pedro Pietri III info at nuyoricanhostess@hotmail.com ******Following article is from Juan Gonzalez from the Daily News **************** 'El Reverendo' just not ready to leave pulpit The sad news spread rapidly this weekend: Pedro Pietri, the king of Latino poetry in this town for more than 30 years, is suffering from inoperable stomach cancer. And what a hilarious reign it has been. Usually sporting a long black overcoat and a black bowler, with scraggly shoulder-length hair and mustache, Pietri, who was born in Puerto Rico in 1944 and served in the Vietnam War in 1967-68, sarcastically calls himself El Reverendo, the minister of the fictional Church of the Mother of All Tomatoes. A typical Pietri poetry reading is somewhere between a vaudeville act and a Pentecostal revival. His audiences are erupting in laughter one moment and fighting back tears the next. For those of us who came of age during the 1960s and 1970s, Pietri's epic "Puerto Rican Obituary" - with its evocation of "nervous breakdown streets/ where the mice live like millionaires/ and the people do not live at all" - still remains the single most powerful expression of the Latino diaspora in this country. Other Pietri poems, like "Suicide Note from a Cockeroach in a Low-Income Housing Project" and his extended series of "Telephone Booth" verses have been acclaimed as first-rate examples of urban street poetry and forerunners of today's rap or slam contests. Pietri's prolific production includes more than 20 books of poetry and plays. His work has been translated into several languages. His last performance was Nov. 8 at Town Hall, where he participated in the 30th-anniversary celebration of the Nuyorican Poets Cafe, the cultural center he founded on the lower East Side with playwrights Miguel Pinero and Miguel Algarin. Three days after the Town Hall event, Pietri fell ill. "First I couldn't hold down any food," Pedro told me yesterday. "Then I couldn't hold down liquids. But being a hardhead, I thought it was just stomach ulcers. I didn't want to accept the truth." He finally checked into Bronx-Lebanon Hospital, where doctors discovered a malignant tumor and immediately performed surgery. But by then the tumor had spread to his stomach. Cancer is the latest and most serious of the physical maladies Pietri has confronted over the past few years. Some, he is convinced, were caused by exposure in Vietnam to the herbicide Agent Orange. "When I was in the infantry in Vietnam, we used to see the planes spraying us with that stuff all the time," Pietri recalled. For the first 20 years after his return from the war, his health was fine. "Then all of a sudden I came down with glaucoma, then with a bunch of skin diseases and now this cancer," he said. His doctors are recommending radiation and chemotherapy to attack the tumor, but Pietri, always the cynical rebel, has rejected their approach. "They did what they could, but I don't want that radiation or to have them just cutting me up again," he said. Instead he has decided to seek alternative medical treatment next month in Tijuana, Mexico, a procedure his health insurance carrier refuses to cover. So last week his family and his friends at the Nuyorican Poets Cafe quickly established a benefit fund to pay for Pietri's treatment in Mexico. They are asking anyone who has enjoyed his poetry to come to his aid now. Those wishing to help can send a contribution to the . Pedro Pietri Health Benefit Fund, c/o Nuyorican Poets Cafe, P.O. Box 20794, New York, N.Y. 10009. "I'm not giving up. I'm going to kick this thing," Pietri said yesterday. All those young Latino poets hoping to pick up the king's mantle will just have to wait, because Pedro is feeling too good to check out right now. Woke up this morning feeling excellent, picked up the telephone dialed the number of my equal opportunity employer to inform him i will not be in to work today. "are you feeling sick?" the boss asked me "no sir," i replied: "i am feeling too good to report to work today. if i feel sick tomorrow i will come in early!" Telephone Booth #905 1/2 by Pedro Pietri

 198 hits more and you can bid this Blog " See ya ". I gave it some thought a while back and decided once this blog hits 10,000 hits - it going down baby. I believe in change and love to start over sometimes. Then again, if I could be convinced - I just might leave it alone. Yesterday was my first trek to Urbana in one hell of a long time. I haven't been there on a Thursday in a minute. I usually stay home when it is anything under 20 degrees. Yesterday's factors were Tony Brown and..... well..... that's it. I think the main reasons were 1 he is an awesome poet that I strive to even scratch that surface 2 He always has showed us love ( Acentos) 3 The first time I saw him at 13, I had to buy his book after he blew me away with that voice and use if it. I had a good time with the open mic being pretty good. The energy of the crowd was really low but can you blame them. It was about 4 degree last night. People usually say " Fish is talking shit, it was not that cold". Well bitches, it was literally 2 degrees when I got home and it was brick. I wasn't cold being layered in several clothes. I even gave Oscar one of my fleece shirts because I was so well clothed that I was sweating and I needed to find the right amount of clothing to keep me comfy. Back to Urbana.... Tony got up there and worked through his nerves and displayed what a professional poet does - solid work. He did not rush and read a mix of new and old work. The slam was cool. I made it much more fun by taking pre-judged scores on all the slammers. It is a fun game and I had a great time. I hope that game doesn't show up at Nats and Marc Smith takes credit for it. I will get ghetto Well, Nothing going on this weekend. Much needed rest and love for the bed will take priority. Peace Punks

 Off track Slam Betting The great game of strategy, knowledge and chance. A game where fellow poets go against the grain of support and make an honest and real pre-judgement call on the score of the current Slam Poet. Rules: 1- On impression alone, a score is submitted from 0.0 to 10 2- ten seconds into the poets poem - all submitted scores are final 3- The score closest without going over wins 4- In the event all scores go over - closest one over to actual score wins Urbana Slam 1/15/04 Sac Goat Fish Slammers: Karen, Morris, Kristen, Adam, Scott, Rich, Chavisa, Brook, Round 1 Slammer Pre-judged scores Karen : ( score: 21.1 ) Guy 22.5 Roger 25.0 Fish 21.8 Matt 20.0 * Morris: ( 23.8 ) G-26.0 R-23.4 F-23.4 * M-25.0 Kristen: ( 23.6 ) G- 23.5* R- 24.3 F- 22.1 M-19 Adam: ( 27.0 ) G-21.9 R-25.0* F-20.1 M-19.0 Scott : ( 25.5 ) G-24.3 R-25.0 * F-21.5 M-23.0 Rich: ( 26.2 ) G-26.7 R-27.5 F-25.9 M-26.5 ED Garcia - 26.2 * Chavisa: ( 25.7 ) G-24.9 R-25.5 F-25.9 M-26.5 ed-25.6 * Brook: ( 22.0 ) G-26.5 R-25.5 * F-27.1 M-26.0 Round 2 Adam: ( 27.0 ) Guy 26.5 * Roger 25.1 Fish 25.0 Matt 26.0 Ed 23.1 Rich: ( 25.2 ) G-26.2 R-27.3 F-25.9 * M-26.5 E-26.7 Chavisa: ( 26.8 ) G-26.9 R-25.5 F-26.2 * M-27.0 E-25.9 Scott: ( 24.3 ) G-25.3 R-24.8 F-26.3 M-26.5 E-22.2 * Round 3 Chavisa: ( 28.0 ) G-27.3 E-27.0 R-25.5 M-27.4 * F-25.1 Oscar - (late entry) 28.4 Morris - 28.1 Adam: ( 28.6 ) Rog 27.8 Morris 28.6 * Matt 26.8 Lynne 24.2 Guy 26.9 Fish 26.7 Ed 27.0 Oscar 27.8 Bonafide 28.5 Results 1st Place with 4 wins....................Roger tied for 2nd place with 3 wins..... Fish & Guy Tied for 3rd place with 2 wins......Ed & Matt 4th Place with one win..................Morris

 If I could have pin pointed the equation which made yesterday's Acentos so great - I would be a happy camper. All I know is when I walked in to a full standing room only Blue Ox the little tingly feeling came again. Kinda when you are right about to achieve orgasm. You know that feeling of..... I am getting there but it is not the full fledged, hair grabbing, back scratching, top of my lung screaming oragasm. It was something in that area. What made yesterday's Acentos so nice was even when things were going wrong, we pulled together and made things work. That made it special for me. The open mic was crazy with 22 some odd people getting to express their feelings with poetry. I took a head count of 62 people total. We also collected a nice pretty penny to donate to the Pedro Pietri Health Benefit fund. It is not much but I want Pedro and the NUYO to know that Acentos cares in more ways then one. We are helping a legend that is still with us and that is what it is all about. The thing we call Acentos Kicks off 2004 right. We doing it

 About two days ago, a young Kat was crossing Park ave and 86th street and he was hit by a speeding chevy surburban. He was dragged for one block and his body fell off the truck. He didn't quite make it and died of his injuries. This made me think about a situation that happen on my block several years ago.......... On my old block where 99% of my poetry comes from we all acted like fools most of the live long day. This varied in different ghetto activities such as throwing Boston baked beans at each other. We made bean shooters, dart shooters out of curtain rods and shoe lace tips, aerosol gas bombs, and tortured everything that was not tied down. We had issues and I don't think any one of us had a conscious to come to think of it. When we played a retarded game of Catch and smack (Tag), we chased each other around until we caught somebody to smack them across the head and they were it (this was a good incentive not to get caught because the smacks were serious). A young kat I was chasing ran into the street and he didn't see the car coming. The car hit the brakes after hitting this kid and he flew up about 25 feet into the air and landed with a resounding thump that only limp flesh can make a sound like this. I ran over and the kid was crying and he tried to get up. First thing out of my mouth??? It was not " call an ambulance" or "don't move" or "stop the driver". The first thing out of my mouth was " Are you alright, are you ok?". This kid just got hit by car and flew like a football that was kicked across to the opposing team. I think I could have handled the situation better. That kid is doing life now after killing two dudes for what I consider a stupid reason. Moral of story: Don't play Catch and smack in the ghetto

 I was going to go against all my grains and beliefs and write about politics today. The whole thing about curious george wanting to go into Iraq even before 9 - 11. Behold, I will go into something better........ I am 33 years old. I can cook, clean, wash my clothes. I am organized and believe in maintaining things in order. I don't throw my socks on the floor and my underwear will always be in tip top shape. Why in the holy hell fuck do women refuse to do anything remotely domestic???? Women refuse to clean, cook, and sometimes dare I say it........even work! Some want to stay home and be the ultimate trophy wife. Sorry, you are not going to look that good forever. You are going to witness the power of gravity really soon when you nipples and kneecaps become one. Where is this rant gaining strength from?? This chic in my job and I were having a conversation and she so pompously admitted that she refuses to cook. She let's her husband cook and do dishes. Her laundry gets picked up by her parents to be washed and folded. Wait, hold on, where is the kicker??? Ready?? She is Pregnant! She is expecting a child and I can't wait until she comes in from those long sleepless nights. I am just amazed by some standards that some women are living by these days. Don't get me wrong, all housework duties should be shared right down the middle. A relationship that works together 100% will not have a problem. They will experience difficulties but they will be happy. If one feels that the other should do everything....... 1 in 3 marriages ends in divorce. I am not saying...... I'm just saying. Peace, Love, Poetry, Porkchops y Pasteles Fish

 There is no reason for NYC to go through this cold weather. I woke up this morning and it was 2 degrees. 2 fucking degrees!!! All the news channels are saying that NYC is experiencing an "artic Blast". No shit sherlock!! Last night I did my cup project. I place a cup on the outside of my window to see if it would freeze. I know it will freeze, I just like doing it. I might as well turn off my fridge and save the electricity and put all my food outside. It will be nice and cold. I was suppose to go out to dinner or something with Lenny today but my ass is staying home. I don't think there is any reason why ANYONE should be outside in this cold weather. Yours in warmth from Casa Pescatore Fish

 Need I be out there??? Fuck no. I took a personal day and I am relishing in the warm toasty studio apartment called "casa pescatore" I am was sleeping like a baby a couple of seconds ago until my phone rang. I should have disconnected taht sucker when I really wanted to. Not much going on today. Editing re-writing a new piece for the open room tonight. Peace, love, poetry, porkchops y pasteles Fish

 well I am making an attempt to divulge 20 things that no one knows about me- it is pretty hard. It would involve my pre-poetry days marred with stupidity and a major influx of good luck. 1 - In starting with a stage earlier in my life to keep conformity while bringing it to the present would be easier. I moved to Texas with my parents in 1980. My father was making a pretty penny ( 6 figures ) with a metal fabricating company. The company decided to move to Texas in hopes of finding quality labor at cheaper wages. While down there, all the labor hired were giving out as much as they were getting paid - about 2:45 an hour. The company decided to move across the border to avoid paying U.S taxes and my father refused to go - he lost his job. He drove from Texas to NYC in two days to find an apartment for us to move back to. We moved from a two story house with a backyard pool to a one bedroom apartment. When I was in Texas, I started the 6th grade and I couldn't read nor do Math. In the 6th grade, I could barely put a sentence or two together. They threatened to hold me back a grade until I was on par with the other students. A private tutor was brought in to asses what I knew and exactly didn't know. Instead of testing me to measure my ability at the typical school stuff, she taught me how to read and how to write. She taught me how to actually like math. 2 - I never wanted to leave Texas but we had no choice. I moved to a block called Elder Ave and it was interesting. My first day outside I played stickball with the guys from the Block and I did good. My brother gave me a shirt that had "Roger" plastered all over it. They named me Roger until the Moniker "Fish"' was born. 3 - I started going to Junior High School 123. I had to get there early with my Mother to register and spent 5 hours in a room. I was yawning constantly because I couldn't sleep the night before with nerves that kept me up. I was registered and placed in class "8EB". I wore a Button down shirt with a tie and a cardigan sweater with khaki pants. I had viking walkers on my feet and every sentence was always punctuated with "yes sir" or "no ma am". I was the most polite kid in that school. 4 - After receiving several beatings in that school, I slowly started to change and run with what all the other kids were doing. I went from being polite to completely cursing out teachers. I spent most of my time Playing tag and round-up in the hallways. In the latter part of my 8th grade year an Art teacher named Victoria Woodrow was my first experience with a woman. I spent 90% of my day in her classroom and things happened between her and I. She brought me gifts for all occasions and with every gift came a kiss. I received Gift for every holiday possible. I looked forward to feeling her lips against mines. 5 - I finished JHS 123 and headed over to Adlai E. Stevenson High School. At that time- 1986 in the Bronx had the worst schools in NYC. Shit, not much difference from today huh? I headed to that school with an open mind and a closed fist. I was trained in a Junior High school that closed down for a year after we left. Now I headed to new ground wear new faces interspersed with newer ego's. I spent a full 4 years at that school. My first three years involved me being very dedicated to my schoolwork. I had to repeat my senior year because I wanted to. I stopped going to class after our little crew "Bellaco" decided not to graduate. 6 - In Stevo (Stevenson), I had my first sexual relationship with this girl named Kathy. She was in my Spanish class and I breezed through that class with her sitting in front of me. When she went to the bathroom one time I was sleeping behind her. I was half asleep and I had my arm over her desk. When she came back she moved my arm and I was surprised that she did that. We started exchanging notes with each other and one thing led to the next. I asked her to be my girlfriend after exchanging notes for three weeks. She agreed and it was collectively agreed upon throughout my school amongst all my boys that she is the ugliest bitch in the school. I had nice Friends. 7 - Kathy and I were both virgins and I lied to her with my extended experience in the sexual shenanigans department. As She and I were in my parents house when they were both away at work - we were attempting the act of love. We were both two 17 year old fools kissing and groping like a daytime soap opera until all the clothes were off. I never got as far as getting the panties off. Once they were off...... I was stuck. I knew that my rather erected penis had to go inside of her but it wasn't as easy as first thought. Even in those days, my rather extensive porno collection didn't exist. When I got on top of her and her legs were still closed, I started pumping away and it wasn't in. At that time I think it was easier to come clean and admit my lack of horizontal mambo engagement. After a look of disgust but an opportunity on the horizon - we finagled a 7 inch penis into one extremely dry vagina. Until this day, I clearly remember the clearest thought in the world......."is this what all the guys talk shot about?". I new when the orgasm was about to hit me because I have jerked off about the population of a solar system already. I pulled out and finished all over my bed. The words that came out of her mouth were " Why didn't you cum in me?" she said. I replied, " well, I am not trying to get you pregnant". I know as Lenny is reading this she is probably saying.... Yep, that is him. 8 - I broke up with Kathy a couple of months later after she said she was pregnant and it was a lie. She fed me some bogus story that she didn't want to lose me but after that ........ I was gone. 9 - After high school, I started a relationship with this little cute Ecuadorian girl. We spent 4.5 years together and I did the worst thing I could possibly do - I fell............ in love...... GASP!!!!!! yes, I gave my fucking heart, being, fiber, spirit and even money to that chic. I can't say alot of bad things about her. I do know that she played me and that was the reason I kicked her to the curb. After almost 5 years of loving her, her family, her friends - she played me dirty. Instead of leaving her right there and then, we went to a local hotel for I can get at least the courtesy of a severance pop ( Last sexual foray ). When we were in the hotel I flipped and destroyed everything. To be honest with you, I wanted to do something that would involved the ending of my life. I know, it was stupid. She was going to live the rest of her life with the vivid image of me blowing my brains out. Once she promised that we would work it out, I had hope. The next day she told me she gave it thought and realized she couldn't do it. Since she was in the safe confines of her job - she thought she was safe. I couldn't do nothing but I found out the brother of the dude she was playing me with worked in the library. When I was walking out of the library in tears and unbridled anger - I saw the dude. I walked up to him and pulled out my knife. I grabbed him by the back of the neck and shoved the knife in his nose. I pulled out the knife and it ripped his nose with a four inch gash. 10 - I never looked back to Fatima and moved forward to this girl named Lisa. She was always a good friend and we had a great time together. At the time of my break-up with Fatima- lisa left her man. We were together not even 3 days after I left Fatima. Smell the gunpowder of rebounding???? I stood with Lisa for 4 years. The relationship was great but she was a jealous freak that wanted to place blinders on me when I walked down the street. The relationship was mature and the sex was amazing. She was the first to ever engage in the swallowing of bodily fluid and I was whooped. We broke up once but still hung out every weekend. After I realized that It was time for it to be over - she thought different. We got back together and moved in with each other. I left the confines of my Bronx Ghetto and moved to Queens. All of this under the umbrella of love. 9 months of Queens life and I had a better time sticking pineapples in my ass. 11 - When Lisa Came home and she wanted to talk. I asked her if it was the break-up speech. She concurred that it was and I told her not to bother because I just gave her mine. She wanted out just as I. She made my life a living fucking hell and I hated her for it. I have this cleaver that I use when I cook and I woke up one time at 3 am and I had the cleaver in my hand. I figured that if I would have chopped her head off and bathed the whole apartment in her blood and screamed that I was the Arch Angel Michael and I slayed satans angel- I could plead insanity. 9 months in a puzzle factory and I would be able to walk the streets. Shit, hinkley shot a president and he got away with it. Eric called me just when I was walking out of the kitchen with the cleaver. He saved her life. 12 - I left Queens to an Apartment in the Bronx ( Where I am actually still living). I made myself a promise that I will not be with a girl for a year. I needed time for me and I was not going to deal with drama. I started hitting every local club in the Bronx and I bumped into every old friend possible. I used to start partying Thursday night and not stop until Tuesday morning. The after hours were crazy in the Bronx. Big Pun ( Little arms ) used to spit freestyle at all the after hours and that shit was a ball. I used to hate leaving to the bright 11 am morning sun. That shit killed me. I loved the summer time because we could go straight to the beach after the clubs and stay there all day. In my company were almost always girls. I never knew why the girls always loved being with me. I always said it was the big brother thing. Every club I went too, I had all the girls levitate to me. They knew I was there to protect them I guess. I never had a crush on any of the girls really. They were all young and at the prime of their lives. Yet. this one girl just did it to me. She was young and HOT!!! I made the mistake of telling Mari and she blabbered. 13 - When I was in my crazy ass moods I used to go with the fellas to the clubs and just bug out with them. I used to have this one line that I pulled out on any unsuspecting female. The line went like this: " I am not good at rejection so I am going to ask you this just one time - What is your name? " I used to get the most priceless looks from the girls. Here I am looking rather menacing and the girls stutters, stammers, trips and has no clue where to put her face. 14 - I started bouncing at a club called KATS in the BRONX. It was the worst club to go to with the strictest security in any club of NYC. I was solicited to work there after a fight broke out and I slammed this kid head first into a car windshield. I was kinda excited after getting a full 100 dollars for just looking mean. After several hip hop nights and threats from drunk patrons. I decided to start carrying my guns to work. I had a star 45 caliber that held 6 shots with one in the chamber. I also had a Glock 20 40 cal with seventeen in the clip. Did I mention I also had a silencer on it? 15 - At Kats, I saw 7 people get shot, maybe 20 shot at, and 3 fatalities. The worst one was young kid that couldn't get into the club because he was too young. He was outside talking shit and bumped into a dude passing by. The kid was typically loud and took it to the next level by pulling out a gun. The guy was a faster draw and he emptied into this kids face. When the cops came - there wasn't much to identify. I shit you not, they scooped up his brains from the concrete 16 - I got locked up March 26 1998. For some reason, It was a one gun day. I am happy because anything more then that - time was definite. When I was going home after a shooting at the club ( we close early after a shooting) the cops came from behind me and I had no time to do anything. They caught me with a vest and my 40 cal with the silencer. I copped out to 5 years probation but that was after fighting 4 attempted murder charges. They tried to pin a previous shooting with a 40 cal with the same exact bullets on me. What can I say that no one knows about that?? Two words: Change barrels 17- I played semi-pro football for mad years and that was my therapy. In 1999, the only good thing in my life was going undefeated with the outlaws. We went to the championship as a 5 point favorite and we lost 14-13. I cried on the sidelines after the game and I never got the heart to give that game 100% again. In 2000, I retired from semi-pro 18 - I piggy backed my way onto the poetry scene with Oscar in 2001. I always did it to support him at every thing he did. I always wrote a little bit here and there but I never thought anything of it. One of the earlier experiences I had at Bar 13 was witnessing a slam where Oscar was wetting his feet. I never knew Roger ( dreded at the time ) and I was pissed when I saw him judging but was busier talking shit then listening to Oscar's Voicemail poem. After being here for a a little while, I can understand why Roger wasn't paying Oscar mind. 19 - After going to several open mics and writing more poems - Marty asked me to uppercase at Bar 13. I cried like a baby when I read that e-mail. I was so scared to look like a piece of shit up there. I worked so hard writing three poems to rip the stage and make everyone happy. I invited ( with threats ) everyone that I knew. I literally cut people off that didn't show up and support me. I was just heated that we ended the night with some dudes playing some crazy shit. I never got to finish the night strong and until this day it bothered me. I only recently got my redemption at Acentos when I featured in fronts of my Parents. 20 - I am learning to live happy and I am hoping to love.

 Damn, so much love for my birthday. I had an awesome time yesterday. From the phonecalls to the e-mails being crazy. Shit, the guestbook was bumrushed and it felt good too see that much love. Thanks to whomever sent the link to the whole poetry world. I had an awesome Dinner with Eric, Tom and Oscar and clogged my veins with some red meat. Drove around with Eric and spoke a little bit. I got home to reflect again...... After I decided to call Lenny and give thanks for an awesome wallet she gave me......I went to bed. The head hit the pillow and I stared into the ceiling. The smile was plastered across my face. I have good friends, I have great family. Why did my eyes tear?? I am finally happy. I feel good today. Life is better then good. Peace, Love, Poetry and Porkchops y pasteles Fish

 Go fishy, It's your birfday, go Fishy, it's your birfday....... We gonna party for several days because it's your birfday!!!!! Yes, 33 years ago, my mother took a cab to the hospital while my dad stood home sleeping. Two hours after checking in and going through labor. Three to four pushes later... the Birth of Samuel Vargas Jr was a miracle on earth. My mother hoped for her newly born son to become the greatest President of the United States. Instead, Fish became a Poet. I surpassed her expectations. Happy Birthday to the FishDawg. For the three or four people that will remember, I will just accept phonecalls and kinda take the day in.I usually take the day off and stay home but I am saving all my days to really take advantage of anything poetic that comes my way this year. Time to go Work calls Peace, Love, Go fishy..........it's your Birfday :)

 Happy Three Kings Day. Yes, It's that time of the year where most latin oriented countries celebrate the Three wise kings bringing Jesus Christ Gift. 12 days after Jesus was born, the three kings followed the star of Bethleham to bestow gift on the CHrist Child. So as we latinos celebrate this day by putting Grass under our beds the night before(Jan 5) to feed the camels the Kings would ride in. The next day, you would have a gift under your bed. This is the day where plenty of food and drink goes to the family and a joyous Christmas comes to an end. The tree is taken down on this day but we give thanks to a beautiful and healthy Christmas season and we look forward to a new year. Happy Three Kings Day once again. I am really doing well today. Yesterday was the LouderCHAMPION tournament at Bar 13. Damn, I missed that place. It was packed as all holy fuck with some serious standing room only. A definite good way to start the new year. The slam started at a good time with Abena, Morgan, Mike Cirelli, Rich, Mahagony Brown, Elana Bell, and Myself ( Fish ). I was kinda stoked last night trying to be as cool as possible. I worked hard getting ready for this slam and I knew that if my nerves got the best of me, I am going to be a piece of shit in the later rounds. The first round came up and the order was picked...... Rich Drew Suicide first Morgan got second Mahogany Mike Cirelly Abena Elana Fish The first round had to be the solid outing to let the judges know that I was there and I wasn't playing. For the exception of Rich and his first slot suicide and Elanas time penalty - the rest of us scored hearty 27's and better. I kept track of my score of 27.2 and I felt ok with it. On a side note: I am getting tired of my headlines piece and after this season, it will retire. The second round consisted of a 2 min time period and I hit them with a condensed BRONX piece and I got a 25.6. Is this good to get me to the third round??? I have no clue because keeping score had me stressed and I stopped for my sanity. The third round consisted of a one minute piece and I pulled out a 30 second Apocalypse and we took a break. Whoop de friggin dooo....... The third round came and I move on with Mahogany and Mike Cirelli. The nerves were not that bad this time around since I went into my "I hate my Parole Officer " piece. The 5th round was unlimited and I wanted to slow down and give them every single word about how much I love my dad. Mike Cirelli and Mahogany got up there and killed it. Each of them got great scores and I knew that I wasn't coming close to beating them. I was still happy. I made it to the third round after doing this for one year and this being my first official slam season. 5 rounds of poetry and my arsenal held up. I was at Res last night munching on Chicken wings and I was happy. I seriously made my debut as a contender in this field. No cop outs, no excuses as to why I didn't win. Just more work to become a better writer and performer. Always concentrate on craft and quality of your work and do it for yourself. My life is good. FishDawg 2004 LouderCHAMPION THIRD PLACE FINISHER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! heehee

 Well, it was really more like hope. I was hoping that a plan came together and it did. Yesterday was the fundraiser for the Rev Pedro Pietri. Oh man, talk about a beautiful turnout yesterday. Still, I walked into the Bowery Poetry Club and I almost died when It was a Poetic Ghost town. I think I saw Langston Hughes walking around when I got there. I was a little bit paranoid and that translated to aggravation when not many people showed up. Shit, even some of the poets that Bob said were willing to turn up didn't show. Baraka didn't show and I will say it boldly here, Fuck him. I billed him on the flyers first and he didn't show up. That made my endeavor look bootleg. I tried my best to make this event personable, personal, and heart warming. It is not everyday that you have a legend in a field that you love needing help. So with my hard work in getting this together, I am helping someone that made life easier for me We had some of the best people come out to read and it made me feel all tingly inside. Willie Perdomo, Bob Holman, Cheryl Boyce Taylor, Quincy Troupe, Eliot Katz, Tsaurah Litzky, Juan Valenzuela, Jesus Papoleto Melendez and a mirad of other poets all gave praise to the Rev Pedro Pietri. The donations were flowing beautifully in the bucket by the microphone and the Door. With the hard work that many of us put in, Pedro is just a little bit closer to getting treatment in Mexico. It is all worth it in my book, eyes, and heart. Thanks to you motherfuckers that were out there for me. Peace, Love, Pasteles FishDawg

 I thought I needed a good opening line and I thought that was the best I could come up with. I Think it is snazzy enough. Happy New Year folks!!!! As I am holding on to my New Years resolution of posting every three days to make this thing more interesting. I think that people will get tired of hearing...... " Woke up , washed my face, went to work " So far 2004 has been ok to me. No drama to report but I have encountered some pompous heathens with a need for a serious ghetto pimp slap. Behold, I have controlled my temper and with under 3 fights in 2003, I am shooting for none in 2004. I wnt to the Bowery on New Years days to take place in a reading with over 200 closet poets. I call these people closet poets because you never see them at a reading, book store, book fair, slam. These are people that stay home and write poetry 24 hours a day and submit it to every possible publisher on this side of the hemisphere. Some of the people reading poetry were just out of this world - literally. They were aliens from the far reaches of the neruda galaxy sector 559 and brought what they thought was Poetry to the mic. Am I hating???? Well, you think of what a poetry reading is. Got it??? ok... Now think of a woman going up there and getting on the mic and screaming like an ape. People that was not a metaphor. She was literally screaming like an ape. For a full three mins, she engaged in some grunts, growls, screeches. I looked at Ngoma and he looked at me, we were like " whoah". That lady is getting the award for the weirdest act of 2004. After I plugged the Pietri fundraiser and handed out over 500 flyers. I ran out of there faster then if my apartment was on fire. With Oscar in tow, we headed home and had a good time. I don't know if any of my Blog stalkers read Oscar's blog but he has entered the best post of his BLOG life. Oscar had a really fucked up 2003 and I know he was looking foward to a new year. 2004 will be good for him and many of us alike. Of course, this will be if we all change for the better. Check out his urlLink Joint . Everything is going well on this side of the world. I am practicing for a slam on Monday that will determine if I will rep NYC in South Carolina for the IWPS. I am bringing out the big guns to stay in the loop. I am not really ready to drop my newer work in competition yet. It takes practice and plenty of confidence to take a new piece and use it for a slam. Practice is easy - confidence is a bitch. Let me bounce Peace, Love, Porkchops Fishdawg

 Hello Ladies and Gentleman, As we are poets we love several things in our lives. One of them are the Oscars and what they really think out at the Academy. As I spoke to Shappy yesterday...... We might as well start a small Oscar pool. I made it as simple as possible. Below are all the nominations. Pick just the one that you think would win in each category( Make sure you put category plus your pick) and send it back to me via e-mail. The one with the most correct picks wins. I was going to say lets play for a couple of bucks but that is not happening this late in the game. So. with your submission if you decide to play...... write a small prize you think would be good for a first place win. I might be able to make something happen. I can donate 4 movie tickets to any National Amusement Movie theater. It's all in Fun.... I will take ballots right until the start of the Oscars..... after that.... it's too late buddy.!!!! E-mail the ballots to me at : Fish@louderarts.com *********************************** ACTOR IN A LEADING ROLE Johnny Depp - PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN: THE CURSE OF THE BLACK PEARL Ben Kingsley - HOUSE OF SAND AND FOG Jude Law - COLD MOUNTAIN Bill Murray - LOST IN TRANSLATION Sean Penn - MYSTIC RIVER ACTOR IN A SUPPORTING ROLE Alec Baldwin - THE COOLER Benicio Del Toro - 21 GRAMS Djimon Hounsou - IN AMERICA Tim Robbins - MYSTIC RIVER Ken Watanabe - THE LAST SAMURAI ACTRESS IN A LEADING ROLE Keisha Castle-Hughes - WHALE RIDER Diane Keaton - SOMETHING'S GOTTA GIVE Samantha Morton - IN AMERICA Charlize Theron - MONSTER Naomi Watts - 21 GRAMS ACTRESS IN A SUPPORTING ROLE Shohreh Aghdashloo - HOUSE OF SAND AND FOG Patricia Clarkson - PIECES OF APRIL Marcia Gay Harden - MYSTIC RIVER Holly Hunter - THIRTEEN Rene Zellweger - COLD MOUNTAIN ANIMATED FEATURE FILM BROTHER BEAR FINDING NEMO THE TRIPLETS OF BELLEVILLE ART DIRECTION GIRL WITH A PEARL EARRING THE LAST SAMURAI THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE RETURN OF THE KING MASTER AND COMMANDER: THE FAR SIDE OF THE WORLD SEABISCUIT CINEMATOGRAPHY CITY OF GOD COLD MOUNTAIN GIRL WITH A PEARL EARRING MASTER AND COMMANDER: THE FAR SIDE OF THE WORLD SEABISCUIT COSTUME DESIGN GIRL WITH A PEARL EARRING THE LAST SAMURAI THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE RETURN OF THE KING MASTER AND COMMANDER: THE FAR SIDE OF THE WORLD SEABISCUIT DIRECTING CITY OF GOD THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE RETURN OF THE KING LOST IN TRANSLATION MASTER AND COMMANDER: THE FAR SIDE OF THE WORLD MYSTIC RIVER DOCUMENTARY FEATURE BALSEROS CAPTURING THE FRIEDMANS THE FOG OF WAR MY ARCHITECT THE WEATHER UNDERGROUND DOCUMENTARY SHORT SUBJECT ASYLUM CHERNOBYL HEART FERRY TALES FILM EDITING CITY OF GOD COLD MOUNTAIN THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE RETURN OF THE KING MASTER AND COMMANDER: THE FAR SIDE OF THE WORLD SEABISCUIT FOREIGN LANGUAGE FILM THE BARBARIAN INVASIONS EVIL THE TWILIGHT SAMURAI TWIN SISTERS ZELARY MAKEUP THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE RETURN OF THE KING MASTER AND COMMANDER: THE FAR SIDE OF THE WORLD PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN: THE CURSE OF THE BLACK PEARL MUSIC (SCORE) BIG FISH COLD MOUNTAIN FINDING NEMO HOUSE OF SAND AND FOG THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE RETURN OF THE KING MUSIC (SONG) "Belleville Rendez-vous" - THE TRIPLETS OF BELLEVILLE "Into the West" - THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE RETURN OF THE KING "A Kiss at the End of the Rainbow" - A MIGHTY WIND "Scarlet Tide" - COLD MOUNTAIN "You Will Be My Ain True Love" - COLD MOUNTAIN BEST PICTURE THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE RETURN OF THE KING LOST IN TRANSLATION MASTER AND COMMANDER: THE FAR SIDE OF THE WORLD MYSTIC RIVER SEABISCUIT SHORT FILM (ANIMATED) BOUNDIN' DESTINO GONE NUTTY HARVIE KRUMPET NIBBLES SHORT FILM (LIVE ACTION) DIE ROTE JACKE (The Red Jacket) MOST (The Bridge) SQUASH (A) TORZIJA ([A] Torsion) TWO SOLDIERS SOUND EDITING FINDING NEMO MASTER AND COMMANDER: THE FAR SIDE OF THE WORLD PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN: THE CURSE OF THE BLACK PEARL SOUND MIXING THE LAST SAMURAI THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE RETURN OF THE KING MASTER AND COMMANDER: THE FAR SIDE OF THE WORLD PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN: THE CURSE OF THE BLACK PEARL SEABISCUIT VISUAL EFFECTS THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE RETURN OF THE KING MASTER AND COMMANDER: THE FAR SIDE OF THE WORLD PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN: THE CURSE OF THE BLACK PEARL WRITING (ADAPTED SCREENPLAY) AMERICAN SPLENDOR CITY OF GOD THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE RETURN OF THE KING MYSTIC RIVER SEABISCUIT WRITING (ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY) THE BARBARIAN INVASIONS DIRTY PRETTY THINGS FINDING NEMO IN AMERICA LOST IN TRANSLATION

 I needed a snazzy title so that is the best I could come up with. Not much on the home front to write about. Pops is back home making believe shit never happened. I should just kick him on general principle. My ass stood home yesterday for the much needed rest. I got on the computer and engaged in some major foolery with Rich and Oscar. Sometimes it is good to act a fool. I really can't remember much of what was said but I got the new title for my upcoming chapbook " louderHAM - where poetry meets Pernil ". How is that for a snazzy title??? I was kinda looking for someone to come pick me up yesterday to go check out the Passion of Christ because my lazy ass did not want to move the cars. I have the Maxima and the galant and it proves too much to be responsible for two cars. Since no one else owns a fuckin hooptie, I stood home and wrote a little more on my latest rant. I have to add some more and then dissect it. I am headed to the Bowery today to catch Mike McGee and the semis. I will have the ballots in tow and I will be taking bets by the back of the bar. I don't know who is in semi's but it better prove interesting. I hate going somewhere to get pissed! Anywho..... Peace my brotha's and sistas. May the power of grayskull enlighten the force to be with you while making my day to yearn for FREEEEEEEDOMMMMMMM while not being a menace while drinking your juice in the hood at two wong foo, thanks for everything.. Fish

 In this edition of Fish Flakes............ 1 - my dad has issues 2 - the pool table in which I hate during Acentos but After it is a rather nice thing 3 - Omar is my new fuckin hero 4 - Mike Mcgee is awesome 5 - I can safely say no one at the blue ox bar plays good pool I have time on my hands and I feel like writing so be warned of the long, arduous, bland entry...... NO! I AM GOD!! LOL Yesterday was Acentos and I had a date to pick up "Mighty Mike Mcgee". We both settled on a 6pm meet-up and it seemed firm. I figured if I leave my house at 5pm sharp, it would give me plenty of time to go pick him up. Well, seems that my father had other plans. The day before yesterday, my mother went to the Emergency room with a bad earache. She called me to let me know and I told my dad that the cooking would be left up to the men of the household. I came home that day and me and my dad both cooked some Chicken with white rice and beans. Shit, typical Puerto Rican dish. My mother came home with some prescribed drops to just sit on the couch. She was cranky so we paid the lady no mind. I left and made my way to the Red tent in and enjoyed my evening. I guess the 40 some odd years my mother has cooked every single fuckin day doesn't quite matter to my dad. He argues with her as to he had to come home and cook after he busted his ass after an 11 hour workday. He threatens my moms that he is leaving her. So, here I am waiting for my dad to get the car. He does not return home and I knew something was wrong. When I called my mother she broke down and told me about the all night fight of how she was not an " adequate " women for him. Yea pop, after 40 years of marriage and now you come out with this bullshit. So I had to hit plan " B " and call Rich to go pick up Mike McGee and the Bowery. I didn't want to deal with my dad but I had to go get the car because the music stand was in the trunk. After several strings were pulled and I picked up my Maxima - I headed to get the Galant. My dad is not happy as we speak because he does not have keys to the maxima and woke up this morning wondering where the car is at? He calls me at 5am asking and I told him the galant is where it is usually parked - on Perry ave where he should fuckin be. So, that saga will play out on the blog and I will keep posting until my fingers fall off or I put a bullet in my dad's face. Oh, don't get it twisted - my father hasn't left my mother because he is scared of what I would do to him if I find out he left her for another women. Do you think I have a problem beating my father to a pulp after leaving my mother starving with no money to bed some other whore?? We see what happens tonight. When I get to Acentos and everything is everything... the pool table was there. Oh god, the fuckin pool table right smack in the middle of the bar. I was pissed cause the owner sold me a fuckin dream about moving it but adapt and overcome right? Well, I got there and tried to move the bar around to better make us of the room. Most of the people were all congregated to the front and I was not happy. I asked for about half of them to shift around to the other side to get more of a "fishbowl" effect. I was not happy and everyone knew it. Jessica was not happy being her first foray into Acentos as a member and dealing with this. So I am angry and I am trying to keep a good face on for my patrons and make due with this situation. I am thinking I can get more upset but then comes the orders and I DO NOT TAKE ORDERS FROM PEOPLE. If you want anything DONE - pick your ass up and do it yourself. We all have a job and we all do it well. After much hoopla...... The show started and I played hype man. As Rich always says and I hold this to him everytime " Everything will play itself out". That is what it sure did. We had a short open mic as we tried to keep it to 13 people. OF course I know it went over 13 but I am not the one that has to deal with people if they get called out. The open mic was mixed with new, vets, and national slam champs. Wait...... did you just read that ??? NATIONAL INDIVIDUAL SLAM CHAMPIONS! The mighty Mike Mcgee graced the Acentos mic with a mini feature and it was one of those surreal Rich Villar moments. I am so glad that I met this guy on Friday at the Nuyo. Not only is he a genuinely nice guy, I am really digging his poetry. He got the Class "A " Acentos treatment and it was well deserved as we treat every poet with class. HOLD ON........ not to be outdone - F Omar Telan was our feature. Holy shit. I am in love with Omar. If I was to get locked up and had a choice who I wanted to be my bitch - I have a choice of Ray, Roger, Oscar, and now I have to add Omar. He is insane and his poetry brings a new definition to "keeping it real" His set had me laughing , shocked, surprised. He had one poem about killing white euro trash people that made me really happy. Reason being the owner of the Blue Ox had me pissed with this pool table shit and I couldn't really give him the finger and yell fuck you and your bullshit bar. Last night, I lived vicariously through Omar's poetry. Don't get it twisted, when that race war comes and I have to go kill white people...... well, you know. F Omar was an awesome feature and I am glad he has issues just like me. We finished the show and everything was pretty tight considering our newly placed obstacle. After some general networking here and there - I packed up the merch table ( pool table ) and got on the microphone and said this.......... " I am formally issuing a challenge to a game of pool to Guy Lecharles Gonzalez to redeem my lost in Amhearst Mass. " The owner gave me a game on the house ( Ok, maybe I won't kill him ) and I racked my first game at the blue ox bar. Most games are usually won by a mistake an opponent makes. Guy's first mistake was letting me break. He never had a chance. after I sunk three low balls and ran 3 right after. I let him shoot several times but it was just a form of Chinese pool table torture to let your opponent think they have a chance of winning. 8 BALL CORNER POCKET AND I WAS REDEEMED!!!!! My arch nemesis was defeated at the hand of a semi-pro pool player turned poet. Oh yea - I went semi-pro in pool and was about one pubic hair away from going pro. Put it this way, pro pool players are rated a 9 in nine ball. I was rated an 8. Got the point? Good. After Guy's slaughter and gauged what little competition I had and played a straight 8 games. As my exit of the Blue ox Bar with an 8 - 0 record, I walk undefeated, undeterred, accomplished, and extremely horny. I forgot how much I loved playing pool. Yea yea yea, I could see the jokes... Fish likes playing with balls and sticks. Whatever - get it out of your system. Good day today....... I am GOD!!!!! Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 This is what I call the free write entry with no care for grammar structure or anything else. I do this because I barely have time to think with this move in my job. We have this huge move in which we are moving employees around to make better use of the room in our space. Anyway...... really quick. Last nights new format of "raise the red Tent" was actually kinda hot. I got there a little bit late but in time for the feature. I wasn't too keen on seeing the feature since it's been someone that I has been on the scene and I am privy to see new work and new faces featuring on our stage. When someone gets on the stage and they go beyond your expectations to making you feel stupid for having those previous thoughts - it's insane. Dawn Saylor was the first feature of "Raise the Red tent". Don't even ask me to explain because it will give me a headache if I get into it. Anywho - dawn got up there and she left what only we all can wish for. She started with a great collabo with her main (and only) squeeze Taylor Mali. She then went into some of the most awesome poetry that I have heard in a long time. She had one poem called the Janice years that left me stupid. She was honest, she was open, she was vulnerable, she was insightful, she was crafted closest to perfection that I have seen in a while. After her feature she was interviewed with a few choice questions from Elana and Obena ( abena ). She explained her life in NY ( suffering ) and Kalamazoo. She explained her view of " Who am I to tell anybody that their poetry is Bad?". She gained mounds and mounds of respect from me last night. Her feature post, her poetry, her as a person made me happy to say...... " hey, I know that girl. Yea, I know her man too, so if you get a little bit too close to her.... I will break your jaw on his behalf." It felt good going to Bar 13 after a three week hiatus. To go back to a new format that I was honestly convince was going to bore the hell out of me had me worried. Yet, they delved into new ground and I think they have a hit on their hands. Crazy kudos to the girls of LouderARTS. Peace, Love, Porkchops

 Ever had one of those days that you are tired? Not physically tired but tired of bullshit. Tired of people, tired of shiesty shit, tired of fake ass hypocrite's, tired of people that walk this earth who think they know every iota of information known to man. Tired of arrogance. Tired at the fact that you can't pound them to the fuckin ground for they can ensure their proper place amongst society. Where did becoming a savage ghetto thug morph into a bad thing? I much rather beat a yuppie with a actual lamb then be impressed by a caligraphy on lambskin. Yep Bad mood

 ..........As I didnt want to cloud my head with anything last night- I stood shut! Well, instead of having 300 people come to the NUYO and see me slam, whoever showed up was in for that surprise at seeing Fish finally take part in a Friday slam. I have been going to NUYOrican for about a year now. Almost to the point that I actualy can tolerate Julio. If you dont know, Julio is the doorman with the most famed cranky attitude this side of the great river. Anyway, I headed out there and I managed to drop almost no hints at my slam participation. The night started well with Mike McGhee being the spotlight feature. He is straight up fuckin amazing and I hope we have a surprise at Acentos this coming Tuesday. Well, the slam came and went last night and I did ok. I didnt win and did .....well........came in last. I lost out to several people with pretty decent poetry. I went first in the first round and that 25 .8 killed me. I held court with in the later round but I could play catch up. I was still happy with everything and the experience. I could say that I performed on the most famous stage in the NYC slam scene. What scared me was the fact that I was not nervous. I was too cool and too comfortable. I always felt that whenever you are not nervous that is when you need to write more. So when I got home ........ I went to bed LOL I wasnt writing at 5am fuck that. I did write one poem that was very Nuyo style oriented. It think I wrote it out of anger in some ways. Too much talk about the government, slavery, 41 shots, and Bush. So, I wrote the typical If another poet talks about revolution I am going to cut me a motherfucker I feel good. The experience was a solid Surreal Moment. Peace, Love, Porkchops

 You missed enough blog material for two decades. WHAAAAAAAT!!!!!!!!?????????? anywho......... The Acentos Kabal headed to the last installment of word resurrection at the Cheyenne Roadhouse in the deepest part of Queens that I didn't even know fuckin existed. Good night for the high level of interesting moments and memories that we all went home with last night. WHAAAAAAATT!!!!!!????? Rl da gifted one did his stand-up hosting bit last night. We went through two rounds of open mic and everything from the Acentos Crew did well. Even picked up Ed Garcia and made him an honorary Kabal lackie for the evening. After getting home last night and realizing how different all these poetry venues are - I really appreciate the love and respect that we are getting at Acentos. We are working hard and keeping focused on the bigger picture. Yet, we are truly keeping it true to the poetry and ensuring the love is there. Everyone can show you love but not many can be genuine. I pride myself on that niche that we have. Well, not much to say but........ HOOWWWwwwwoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooollllll!!!!! Peace, Love, and struggle and struggle and struggle Fish

 A couple of years back I was mad tight with this dude Wil. Me and him were tighter then your normal friends. No..not in that sexual way fools. We had this chemistry that clearly saw each others thoughts, next move, and moods. Wil and I spent over 15 years hanging every single day. From the early morning hours of 7 am to the next morning of 4am. As young bucks running through the ghetto we always got in all types of mishief. I never regretted my friendship with Wil and till this day we are cool. The strain in our relationship came when he fucked up on his daughter. There is too much to write and I won't get into it. I just know that he didn't take the proper responsibility as a father. Him and I didn't speak for about 5 years. Little by little- he made a comeback into my life. It will never be the same but there are some things that I do know. - He may not be my confidant - I have not one ounce of trust for him - He is not a good human being - he lies more then a good lawyer - his priorities are not straight Here are some things that I can count on him for - To watch my back and give his life for me - Tell me when I am wrong - help me move and dispose of a body correctly It's a shame that such a tight friendship was shot to shit but I can at least say that we are cool. Over the last year or two I have seen fights, bullshit, gossip, demises of friendships and it hurts me to a point. I am cold hearted and I could turn off my emotions in three seconds. I also have the ability to sit and assess a situation and respect a friendship. It is so hard for me to find respect for someone after I lose it. They are very few people that I respect these days. There are even fewer people that have not gotten on my nerves. Don't get me wrong - I am not putting "fish" on a pedestal with spotlights as the prime example of righteousness. I just have gone through so much with so many people and it tires me. It is so hard to keep personal feelings outside of business. I tend to do that here at the job and I know it's wrong but it's nature. I will be the first one to say that if I don't like you.... you can expect to wait for whatever you want for a lonnnnnngggg time. I am in one of those pensive moods today. I realized that over the years I have gained more friends then most people. As I get older I tend to get anti-social. I can't let anybody come into my life with bullshit. Life is hard and I don't want anyone making it more difficult then what it should be. as many of the poetry folk say.... " here's the thing "...... Even with the current flock of people in my life, if they give me bullshit, do I have to really deal with it? Peace, Love, Poetry, Pernil, Porkchops Fish

 I was coming home yesterday on the train and this family gets on 59th street ( Mom, Pop, 2 kids). The littlest kid was clearly not your normal typical everyday 4 year old. He had all the visible symptoms of a child that is mentally disabled. This usually culminates with a tongue hanging out of the mouth and the somewhat oval shaped eyes. I never had a soft spot for people or kids that are mentally disabled. When I was young, my babysitters son was mentally disabled and over several years...... I got used to it. I actually kind of liked it because I used to beat him at everything. It did wonders for my ego. I never treated him different and I always called him a friend. Let me get technical for three seconds. I know most of the blog stalkers have a brain and needn't a definition on what makes a person mentally disabled. You are still getting a little bit of information. Most of the time when people are disabled it is a dealing of cards that just didn't go their way. When Genes do not combine correctly it can cause it. When the mother is having a difficult birth and oxygen is cut off to the baby for a prolonged period of time, it can cause it. Certain ailments during pregnancy such as infectious rubella can greatly increase the risk. Shit, also if you choose to drink - you might fuck up your baby. When you are diagnosed as being mentally retarded ( not able to function to your full potential mentally), you are usually under the normal number of 100 on the IQ test. What qualifies you as being retarded is not being able to socialize, take care of yourself, learn at a normal rate, etc.... Thing that is tearing me apart??? It takes a special type of person to love a child that has come out mentally retarded. It takes dedication, loyalty, love, patience, understanding. When I saw the mother and father taking care of that kid and hugging him-nothing else on that train existed. I was totally focused and I could only wish the love they gave that child would infect the train. 200 people infected with that love would go home and infect their loved ones. Then hopefully, maybe, things would be just a little better in NYC. On a different note. Things are well Oscar rocked out on his feature this past Monday. He pulled out an arsenal that tap danced around new subject matter. Slightly pandering but well crafted. His set was strong and he kept things to the point of his poetry. Pelo bueno book party was ok. It should have been more packed but it was what it was. We got a new member to the borg known as "Acentos". A strong writer with a loyalty to the word that rivals many on the scene. Through tears of acceptance (masked by laughter) Jessica Torres is now an official member of this new movement that is spreading like wildfire. Get down or lay down..... con nosotros o contra.... prepara el movimiento I'm out Peace, Love, Porkchops

 If any of ya muddafuckers are jumping up and down for joy because the Dominican baseball player known as Alex Rodrguez is officially a Yankee - I will shout you out if I specificly remember if you were talking shit several months ago. Big german George pulled a doozie and fucked the Boston Red Sox by getting Rodriguez. Man, you can tell the Yankees had no interest in him until Boston tried to get him. Brian Cashman ( Hence the name) must have sucked the big German boss culo hairs to convince him to bring the Dominican to the Yankees. My concern??? we Need Pitching!! What the fuck?!! We got bats up the ass ( not a good metaphor but it works ). We need some cuban wetbacks ( no offense Rich ) to grab tat little ball with some fresh mud and throw strikes. I didn't follow last year but I will make it a point to follow the Yankees this year. One thing for sure - Yankees will always outclass that other classless, useless team. YOu remember them?? The one that got WAXED by the yankees in that Subway series a couple of years back. heehee Yankees get on my nerves but I will NEVER root for the Mets. Peace, Love, Porkchops Fish

 The majority of my postings are about poetry and the life that immediately surrounds it. Well, today is something different. My little clique of pre-poetry buddies normally have a tradition of going out to a choice place to eat for those quantified birthday celebrations. This past week was my favorite non-poetry white boy birthday-Tom collins. We initially ( me mostly) wanted to head over to Willies steakhouse but his brother Mike chose another spot. There is no other way to put it. Oh MY GOD!!! We headed over to a place in White Plains New York called the Cheesecake factory. The Cheese Cake Factory WHITE PLAINS One Maple Avenue, White Plains, NY 10601 (914) 683-5253 www.cheesecakefactory.com This place has to be the best restaurant that I have been too in the past three years. The food was outrageous and it is CHEAP! The decor was two steps above casual and one below classy. When you walk in and you see the solid oak hosting station and the 60 foot high ceilings you know the place is serious. Then, when you see over 40 people waiting to be seated with an average wait time of 2 hours it is serious times two. Fortunately we had reservations and everything worked out well with ten of us being seated. The menu is totally insane and albeit Cheesecake is their specialty- holy shit the food was awesome. I split a Chicken quesadilla with Eric and the guacamole was bananas. I wanted steak but for some reason I decided on the two grilled Porkchops with Mashed potatoes and corn on the cob with home made applesauce. Talk about great fuckin choice. The grilled porkschops were so good that I turned into a savage and picked up the bone and stripped it clean. I ate every ounce of the applesauce and vividly imagined it on someones breast. Now, the mash potatoes were soooo good that I kept how good the were to myself for I can get my fill. Never have I had such an amazin meal with an all-around everyday fell to it. Now- I was full and I wasnt going to eat cheesecake but primarily just loaf off whoever decided to get one. Eric got an oreo cheesecake Tom got a Triple chocolate mouse cheescake Oscar got a Dulce de Leche Cheescake Kelvin got a banana cream Cheesecake My mouth is watering as I say this. I am not truly a cheesecake fan but the reason behing the naming of the establishment says plenty. I tasted all four cheescakes and they were all to fucking die for. Oscars dulce de leche cheesecake by far held a solid lead and I have nothing further to describe. Your patriotic duty to your country, political party, wife, porno is to go to this spot and treat yourself. It is worth it and the prices are reasonable 11 people ( an extra order for Erics wife that did not attend ) and the bill came out to 429 dollars tip included. I have been to restaurants with just 4 people and broke 700 dollars. I am home and I need to rest off this gorging of food to gather enough will and strength to go to Bonafides book release party. Life is good today I could die a happy man

 Get down or lay down. This is something I have sorta adopted after realizing that our work is really cut out for us. I say us as the latino contingent on the poetry scene. Yesterday was the little tribute fundraiser for Pedro Pietri. Oh yes, they are still having those. As of yesterday, they have fulfilled their obligations to Pedros holistics treatment bill. If they got a total of 6 gs and about another 8 from the previous three that I put together I understand they have enough with the mail-in tally. I walked into the Julia DeBurgos center and was happy to see that it was packed. When I walked in-first person I saw was Carmen Pietri Diaz and she was talking to the guy responsible organizing this certain tribute. I see Carmen Que pasa lady hi Fish!! ( hug) I want you to meet Robert Waddell Hey Fish, I heard everything you did at the other events, its been really hard to reach you. I have you performing tonight if you have a short piece. Well, I have several pieces that I can do but just let me know I walk away but the vibe I got was weird. He was a fast talker and didnt quite seem to be ........well..........genuine is the only word that comes to mind. The usual suspects were in tow and I felt comfy. The show it self was ok. It opened up with a video from PrDream and it was of Pedro and all his antics. Several people that seemed rather close to him were also in the video. The reading that I hosted at Poetas con Cafe was one of clips on the Video. It was nice to see Pedro at his prime and not have to remember him all fucked up. Well, on to the show as Frank Perez hosted and I have to say that he was much better then the other parriguallo that hosted the Jan 4 event. The poets that came to pay tribute were Willie Perdomo, Sandra Maria Esteves, Welfare Poets, and that is all I remember. You see the A.D.D kicked in and I got my fill after I realized the old folks are holding on to something and refuse to let it go. Not the point. I was thinking I was going to perform and basically say Thank you to all the people that came out. Yerba Buena, Welfare Poets, Eddie Rosa, Ralphi Sabate were bands that kicked it hard. I got my fill of music and I was incredibly hungry and the bad mood kicked in. After hearing some bomba y plena I guided my Lenny to the door and made my exit. I let Frank know that I was leaving and if I was scheduled to perform I was calling it a night. As I walked outside I saw Tato Laviera and we had a not so decent conversation. He was drunk with about a blood alcohol level that could jump start a buick. Robert Waddell quickly approached me and asked me to give him a call to talk about some things. Then........ You performed with Eddie Rosa right??? He had no fuckin clue who I was. After smelling his dragon breathe that was melting my eyebrows, I knew he was in no condition to remember me. I left and called it a good evening of decent poetry and music. I could have been pissed because I didnt perform but to me it wasnt all about that. I was more pissed that we...... and I say we.......were not truly recognized for the work that we all put into the first three fundraisers. Thing is.........it is a thankless job when you are behind the scenes. Then your people are left out to dry when they have as much love and maybe even more to a cause. It is one of those things that make you think. Get down or lay down.

 Disclaimer: The following stupidity is allowed about once a year. Give me some slack. There have been some seriously themed porno movies out there. We hear about Gothic porn, S&M Porn, Reality porn, etc etc.... I want to see..... Porno POETRY!!!! I want to see a guy and a girl having sex performing our historical works in Poetry. Shit, maybe even some modern day poetry. When I was young I believed that if I held my breath while crossing bridges I'd survive the day the ground gave way CUMSHOT!!!!! but forgive this armchair interrogation, one sinner to another. my love OH BABY.... I'm CUMMING! The times were rough. We, steady Moving South. YEAH baby!!!!! He took it south FUCK ME LIKE BROOKLYN!! So much will go into what I will say These words can never be invalidated. These words will always mean something. Do it baby before the lean in before hands hold hips before mouth meets clit you got a condom?

