 Hey you clowns and kids with Down's. Sorry I haven't updated this in a while, but I've been busy being out of town and whatnot. Turkey Day was alright. I was the oldest kid there, so it wasn't exactly intellectually stimulating. One of my young cousins (before we arrived at their house) fell while carrying a glass bowl and cut a gash in his wrist and was taken to the emergency room. Fun stuff. He was ok, but he had a bandage on later, and the cranberry sauce that was served from that bowl was a little funny-tasting... I didn't eat as much as I could have because i filled up on Marylin before the meal. Boy, I need some new material. Oh, here's something that Sam brought up during our convo while I was at my cousin's house: how many of you think Austin really has a piercing "down there?" She says no, but I've heard things that point toward the contrary. ANYways... We went to the Confederate War Museum here in New Orleans, or as my bro put it, the Confederate "Bore" Museum. Ha ha ha... what a riot. It actually wasn't that bad; there was a lot of interesting stuff to see about the War, and since I kinda enjoy histroy, it wasn't torture for me like is was for my bro and sis. We are having fried oysters tonight. Mmmmm... I love 'em. Well, I have to cut this short for right now cuz my grandma is telling me to get offline. I'll do my best to update it later. Sorry for the delay! God bless.

 Hey guys and girls and parsimonious squirrels. I'm back again today cuz i had nothing going on, and no one was online to talk to. My cousin was fun to play with today, and hit hit the ball really hard off of the tee. He's only like 3 years old, but he's a purdy good athlete if you ask me. He loves Pinocchio, though. That gets annoying after a while. He really likes the part with Monstro, the huge whale, and where Pinocchio and Ghetto Geppetto have to try and escape him. Maybe he's just sadistic in the sense that every time he watches it he hopes the heroes of the story will die. I dunno. I'm glad everything's pretty much patched up between Erin and I. She was ticked at me for spending all of theater class writing a note to a certain someone (you know who you are) and she got really mad for me not helping with a project, and there was some bad blood. But everything's ok now! yaayyy! New Orleans is great, thanks for asking. I like boudin and crabs and fried seafood (but you all have heard this already). And NOLA is full of that. I think I'm gonna be sick all over Mrs. kelley from eating too much. Then I will no longer be full, and can gorge myself on some of Melissa and Julie's wonderful brownies...or Marylin, whichever's easier. Oh wait, that would be Marylin, because she is SO easy! That would be great if Melissa and Julie could combine their brownies...then I'd really be in Heaven listening to "Margaritaville" all day.... Anwyays, I gotta roll out now. Have a great Thanksgiving, and I'll update this sucka tomorrow (hopefully) so I can regale you all with my Turkey Day adventures! God bless.

 Hey guys and gals and animal pals. Well, Austin last weekend was pretty fun. Seeing my bud wasn't as great as I thought it would be, but it was still ok. Now i'm in New Orleans for Thanksgiving break, and it's fun-dee-dum. My little crzy cousin is here, always yelling, "Baseball! baseball! Outside! Baseball!" Good stuff... Oh my god, that essay in Mrs. kelley's class was the biggest load of bull crud ever. we had to explain the themes and values of Wang Lung's adventures in The Good Earth . I actually wrote it fairly long (like myself ;-) ) but it was still really stupid. Mrs. Kelley should not be allowed to teach. We oughta take her bedraggled ole body and throw it down the high-rise stairs. She'd survive, of course, but she'd be like, "What the-?" and then we'd take her glasses, step on them, and blow the crystalline powder out of the window. Then she'd be groping around half-blinded, and stinking like yesterday's dirty diapers, and then we'd tell Mr. Huff that she was trying to grope us in a manner not befitting to a teacher of her stature, and she'd FINALLY be fired! Boy howdy, that was stupid. I don't know where I come up with these stupid ideas, but I do. I'm sorry this hasn't been a very good blog. I'll try and make it better. Well, Kelly Adams has never had Popeyes fried chicken! How crazy is that? I mean, only the most fattening, crunchy, greasy, heart-clogging food known to man and she's never tried it! Boy, she's missing out. I've decided that everyone who reads this should all get together and we'd have a big party at Cypresswood (Collins) Park, and a barbecue, and we could have streamers and noisemakers and strippers and POPEYES FRIED CHICKEN and presents for everyone and it will be ever so much fun! Or not. You guys give me a call sometime, and it could happen. Weather and strippers permitting of course. Why do i write stupid stuff like that? I dunno. I'm just whacked out. Oh, on the drive over here, I had a feeling of impending doom, like I was going to die soon. If i do die on this trip, and I never see you guys again, just want you to know that I love you all, and I am thankful for each and every one of you. I just hope my demise will be particularly short and painless, and that I could make it into Heaven. Boy, that would be great... Everyone has their own vision of Heaven, and mine is kinda puffy, and white (a little bit) and then once I really get into it, it's a beautiful tropical beach and clear water with no sharks or jellyfish and nice waves and Jimmy Buffet or a steel-drum band playing softly in the background. Ah, bliss.... Well, boudin and boiled crabs aside, chinese food is great. Where else can you buy spicy cat and/or dog disguised as beef or pork and totally enjoy it? Crab puffs are great too. Mmmm...Oriental garden.... Ok, I think that's enough for right now. Sorry that this blog has only been slightly satisfactory. I'l try ever so much harder next time. Allrighty then, peace out. God bless.

 Hey guys. Cross-country banquet was really fun. Andrew is darn glad he decided to get a ticket and go. When they showed the slideshow of all the outgoing seniors, it was really, um, emotional for some, because it's not like they were guys we only knew for one year, but these dudes had been with us throughout our whole CC career. But it was still cool, and we had pretty good Senior Gifts. It was all my idea of course, becuase all of the other slacker juniors were like, "Duuhhhh....we'll see if we can think of something before WE graduate..." But anyway, We got the guys boxes of Wheaties with their pictures on it and a thank-you note thingy on the back thanking them for their dedication, help, inspiration, etc. They really liked it, especially the two guys who have semi- 'fros that we found pics of cool runners with 'fros to transpose their heads onto. Yeah. Everyone went to Heather Hartzog's house afterward. Daaannnggg, that girl is rich! Her house was humong-diddley-mongous, and it had a cool secret room that had a stereo and foosball table....Oh, it was awesome. And Julie got to go the the banquet and Heather's and she really enjoyed herself. She makes good chocolate chip brownies... But while we're on the topic; Julie, I'm so sorry, but Melissa's brownies are better. I know she whipped them up a la Betty Crocker, but I just like chocolate more than choc. chip. Marylin, however, still makes the best pie.... you guys know what I'm talking about. Mrs. Kelley is smelly. I've heard this from those who have to sit in front of her when she's at her "second desk" and she breathes nasty hot air down the back of their necks. Just imagine the sound of a squirrel suffocating in a plastic bag, and that's what it sounds like when Mrs. Kelley breathes. And her breath reeks like yesterday's gym socks. Wait a minute- nobody goes to "gym" anymore. It's all a bunch of namby-pamby athletic things like football, or dance, or that joke of jokes that counts as an athletic credit, Bearkadettes. You haven't tried something easy till you've tried Bearkadettes. All they have to do is get out there after hours and hours and hours of practice and perform in front of people who expect the very best all the time and once they dance and kick and ssttttrreeetttccchhh their lil hearts out, return to a moronic instructor who tells them, "Smith! Mcellin! Markowski! Your chins were not high enough, and I did NOT see enough smile from you. Morgan! I don't know what you're laughing about, but your jazz fingers were excessively annoying! I never want to be associated with any of you again!" IN case any of oyu couldn't tell so, (Melissa) I was joking about Bearkadettes being easy. From what I've heard, it's really hard. But not as hard as cross-country. Thats is a real man's sport. As we say, "Our sport is your sport's punishment." But anyway.... I'm going to Austin for the weekend in about 10-20 minutes, so I will have to go get ready. I'm going to visit my friend Bert, who was my best friend from elementary school. Some of you may remember him; most never knew him. He's a cool guy, believe me. Oh, but he is nothing compared to Bobby Creighton. That guy is the King of Cool, lemme tell ya. NOT. I have never met a more gay, stupid, idiotic, gay, wants-to-be-Negro, moronic, gay "dude" in all my life! Those of you that know him, holla back. You know exactly what I'm talking about. Sorry this hasn't been a great blog, but I've been rushed. I hoped you enjoyed it anyway, and I will try and update it as soon as I get back from my trip. Have a good weekend, chickee babies! (What was I thinking when I wrote that last statement? Chickee babies? I mean, really....I'm not high or anything, so I don't know what came over me...) Anyway, party on. God bless.

 Hey guys. Well, fasting was an interesting experience. I was like Wang Lung in the sense that after a while, I didn't feel the hunger anymore, so I guess I'm not really clean of sin if it wasn't a hard task. But I won't be doing it anytime soon, I can tell you that much. I know someone who had once gone a whole week without eating! Yeah, I know it's crazy! Like Marylin... the things that woman can make herself do... Oh, I'm about to faint just thinking about it. She makes the Kama Sutra look like "The Cat in the Hat," she's so dirty. Whoo, boy. Look out for her after a few glasses of Dom Perignon. ;-) Yes, I know I've said this, but girls are messed up. They don't even know who they like, so I'm not sure if I should be mad at them or not. I mean, if I wanted to spray someone with Cheez Wiz, and couldn't decide, eventually that person would punch me in the face for even thinking about getting them messy. Like Mrs. Kelley, for instance. She give us 51 quotes to know for our test, and albeit they aren't that hard, we will probably have to write a huge paragraph for each one that she wants us to identify. She so sadistic like that. Grrr. >:-( I oughta spray her wiht Cheez Wiz, and as she takes her glasses of to clean them, I'll spray it in her eyes. Oh, that would be sweet..... Well, Melissa makes good brownies, and I thank her for them. Boy, did they kick some serious A. But Julie says hers are better, so I think we'll need a contest to figure out the best, and I will judge and get so sick from eating so many brownies, I would die. But it's not like anyone would care, eh? I would be happy to have passed on full of the gooey goodness of Marylin.. i mean, brownies. Right. And Kyle is a pig-tailed country lout. Tee hee. Come on, guys, giggle like schoolgirls.... Other than this stuff, not too much interesting has happened since yesterday. Oh, and everyone who reads this, bring a rubber band to school tomorrow, so we can start a new trend. It may be kinda stupid at first, but it'll catch on. Mybe. I'll give you folks an update either tomorrow night, or Saturday after the Cross-Country banuet. Party on! God bless.

 Hey guys. Well, yesterday's blog kinda sucked, except Melissa seemed to worship me for it. If only I could get her to- oh, wait, nevermind. That's for my own personal diary. Not that I have one or anything.... Besides Melissa and Erin, girls suck. They never like who you want them to like, and if your best friend likes the same darn one you do, it really gets whacked out. Take heed, young' uns! Stay away from women. They're only bad news. Like Marylin, for instance. I got seven different venereal diseases from her! I mean, gosh: how many guys has that woman been with?! I knew it was quite a few, but dang, she's one promiscuous mother. Casey's mother that is. But i know no one reading this cares about me or my problems (which is SO true), so let's move on. Today's english discussion was much better than last time. It was interactive with the host; like virtual reality or something. Except Craig is gay, and has crazybuttsex with guys. Oh those of ye that be faint of heart: beware calculus. If you be not willing to devote thy time and thy brain whole-heartedly to the math task, do not enter the horrifying realm of the feared Mallery. Just joshing. It's actually not that bad, and i urge you to take it while you're still in high school. It's not as hard as you might think. Just tell her you're from Louisiana, and you're on her good side. And wear pink. A lot. I'm going on a fast today as penance for my sins. I'm actually a bad person, and I'm going to hell. I haven't eaten anything since lunch (11:30 a.m.), and won't until tomorrow at lunch. At least I'll try. I don't know how strong my will is, but if I can do this, I can do anything. Except get a gf. That's a LONG time coming. Anyway, I'd better get started on big ole history hw. Catch you guys later. God bless.

 Hey guys. Welcome to my underground lair...I mean blog. Right. So, school sucks. Mrs. Kelley needs to get outta here before i stab her in the face with the eraser end of my pencil. You could imagine what it'd be like... Girls are so confusing, I think I'm gonna go crazy. Certain ones just preoccupy my mind, and it's like, "Go away! I can't think about you right now, you dirty slut!" Not really. They're not really dirty, I jst say that to ease the pain i get thinking about how i am such a loser. A personal bit of info about me that few know: I have never kissed a girl. Yup, Maja Playa Sean has never locked lips with a female. Or a male for that matter. ;-) Relationships are so complicated. But hey, not like i would know, right? Fajitas are pretty good. We had 'em for dinner. And fried chicken, and fried shrimp, and fried fish, and almost anything fried,and boiled crabs (ooohhh yeaahhh...), and just about all seafood. Oh, and Casey's mom is the best dessert; she's such a "treat." Yeah, i have to go now. I would say this has been an ok blog. Gimme a holla and tell me whatcha think. Peace out. God bless.

 Holy snap, today has been boring. I read all of my blogs that I've ever written, and worked on a hemp neckalce for like 30 minutes; still not done. I also brought film to the store to be developed. Fun stuff. Kelly, you said you wanted to see pics of our ski trip; I'll show you sometime. I gotta jet. I'm gonna finish that necklace. God bless.

 Hey-o. Well, I am a little peeved, cuz I am going out of town again tomorrow, and won't be coming back until the 4th. My whole freaking break has been wasted. Don't get me wrong, the ski trip was fun, but I want to see my friends, and I can't. The only time I will have to see anyone is today and then Sunday the 5th, and maybe Sat. night. It pisses me off to no end. Out of like 17 days off of school I can only hang with you guys 3 days. Whoop-de-doo. And it's already 2:00 and no one is really available to do anything today, so that sucks too. A whole day out of my three wasted, down the drain. The only good thing I got from it was that I went running today for like the first time in like 2 and 1/2 weeks. Felt good, it did. Andrew offered to let me spend the time that we would be out of town (in West Texas) at his house. I gladly would have taken him up on the offer, but my dad says no. Dammit. This is like the worst Xmas break ever. And it's stupid because when I was younger and we did stay in town, I wanted to go places, and now that I want to stay, we are going places. How ironic. On a lighter note, I think some "I have never's" are in order. They have been absent from my blogs for a while now. Gotta bring 'em back in. And please, I wanna hear yours! Just make anything up! Come on, guys. Ok. I have never taken a bath with more than four rabid squirrels at once. I have never started the car I drive with a Dorito. I have never put snow in my pants to "cool the fire of my desire." I have never thrown a flower into the Grand Canyon and mourned for it. I have never derived pleasure from falling out of a tree. I have never electrocuted a mouse to see if he would get superpowers. I have never corrected a professor who said "sack" instead of "sac" when referring to the bulbous protrusions of pus on the Gremlins' backs. If you've seen the movies ,you knowwhat I'm referring to. I have never scarfed down an entire steak-and-cheese pizza by myself on three consecutive Saturdays. I have never played Lincoln Logs with a hairy elf. I have never built a weasel out of Vaseline and slid him down Lombard Street in San Fransisco. For some useless trivia info, Lombard St. is the crookedest street in the world. Yup. And I've been there. And finally, I have never received less than 17 venereal diseases from Marylin on any given night. I am sooo bored! Someone please call me! 281-370-5298. Anyone!......"Is anyone alive out there? Can anyone hear me?" Titanic, you know... ah, nevermind. Peace out, suckas. It's breakfast time. God bless.

 Yo bros and hos! I am finally back, and am SO glad to be home. Not that my trip wasn't fun, just that I missed everyone badly, and...yeah. You wouldn't believe how much I yearned for a friend in Canadia. My bro and sis weren't bad, but I needed some intellectual stimulation from one of you treasured readers. Not to get emotional here. (Keep it together Keep it together) For those of you who have seen Bowfinger, that's "borrowed" from it. Well, I skiied a lot; fell down only a few times; went on green, blue, and black slopes; drank chocolat chaud ; met only one girl- who was a senior in college- and we just skiied together for an afternoon, then we took her to her condo, and never saw her again; ate a heckuva lot of food; didn't run at all, worked out once, hot-tubbed three times; had a snowball fight with bro and sis; got bonding time with my dad; saw LOTR (it was cool); built up some forearm muscle by gripping the ski poles for hours at a time; broke my streak-NOOOOO!!! but hey, three weeks is a LONG time; found another song that reminded me of Sam- this time it makes more sense than the other one did- it's "Forget Everything." Again, it's by New Found Glory. This was like exactly how I felt during my "down" time a few weeks ago. They are a great band; at least I think so right now. Their songs just have emotion and truth in them. I dunno.Ha ha, Erin thinks bald guys are hot. I should shave my head... Man, tonight was a blast. I got home, cleaned the pool, went to see The Ring with Andrew, Chris Kuna, Kyle, and others-it wasn't that scary- then came home and unwrapped Christmas presents. After that, I went to Starbuck's with Andrew, Chris, Melissa and Crystal, and who should we see there but Kelly Adams! Well, after i imprinted my face upon the window, and the Starbuck's employees shut out the lights on us, Kelly and I hung out at Kroger, where she had only recently got off working. Dude, she said my hair- and I quote- "looked cool." Wow. No girl has ever said that to me before. Amazing. Ha ha, but anyways, we ate like, 10 Reese's, and rode the 50-cent car thingy that rocks and beeps and stuff. I drove kelly to Africa, but then she had to depart to help her friend, so I didn't get a tip. Dang! Well, to rid myself of grief, I will keep writing songs, and try and forget about you-know-who, cuz whenever I think about that person, I get all messed up, and I think my life will go better if they are not included right now. I will "erase them from my memory" as part of the NFG song goes. But we'll see. Man, I'm tired right now, and I'm going running (finally!) tomorrow with Andew at 9, so I gotta jet. Peace out, suckas. God bless.

 Hey blokes and folks. Still in Canada..oy vey. Don't worry though, I'm a-comin' home on Sunday the 29th. 2 days! Yeah. Going to see Lord of the Rings tonight. The theater only had three tickets left, and we got 2 of them, as my bro and I are gonna watch it. And this was only because right before my dear mommy got in line, someone exchanged those tix for a different showtime, and thus we had some available to us. Boy, i am tired form skiing. Moguls are fun, once you get used to them. They're likie giant 5o-foot hills that loom in front of you like a dragon, waiting for brave knights such as myself to attempt to scale them before hurling us down in a crumpled pit of loser-ness. Oh, speaking of loser-ness, any of those who doubted my funk was real, (such as one whose mother is Beverly for instance. I'm not sayiong she doubted it, but she doubted the funk of one of my good friends...she knows what I'm talking about) it was. I really was down in the dumps, and had gfotten all religious all of a sudden and felt I was going to hell. It all started with a certain girl, and continued because of other girls, math trouble, and just a need to be loved that was not being fulfilled. But I got threough it thanks to help from my good friends, and am totally feeling better with myself. Anywho, I need to write a song about it. Oh, my net time is just about up, so i will catch you folks later. God bless.

 Hey peoples! Well, I got a chance to get online, and of course this is the first thing I head to! Merry Christmas to all. I be in Canada right now. Man, it's awesome. The scenery is magnificent, and the skiing is great. Plus, I'm a good skier, so I am totally taking advantage of the situation. I got the New Found Glory CD for Christmas, and it's spoken to me like nothing else has. I love it. "Sonny" for some strange reason reminds me of Sam...I don't know why. If you can, download it. Also, "Head-on Collision" -the acoustic version is better- is also totally great. NFG kicks A. Yesterday was Xmas Eve, and after skiing we went and walked around in the little village place by where we are staying. Alll of the other kids were sledding down a hill on these toboggan things that we don't have. So, I improvised, and taking a garbage bag, stuck my feet through, and went in all the way above my waist. Worked like a charm. Sat down, and slid right down the hill. It was great. Oh, Kyle and Andrew and all else who knew about it, my streak is kinda over. I lasted two weeks and 4 days, but yesterday night (Christmas Eve) there was involuntary Dr. Pepper. So I guess technically my streak is till on, cuz I didn't cause it to happen; my subconscious is at fault. So, it lives on. Wahoo... I miss you guys terribly. Canada is great and all, but without my friends, it's kind of a drag. I have been eating well, though, and that's a plus. No love-making sessions with "Snow foxes" as Disco Stu might call them. That sucks. There was this one cute girl yesterday, but I never talked to her- though I should have- so nothing happened there. Also, on Monday, I saw some chick that looked like Casey, but she was foreign, and she skied (spelling?) away before I got a chance to say hey. More on these escapades as they develop. Well, no time for "I have never's" becuase I have to budget my time on here, cuz it's five bucks per 45 minutes spent online. Canadian dollars, but still; it's outta my wallet. I will use my remaining time at later dates to talk to you guys on i.m. if possible. Ok, I gotta jet. Party on! God bless.

 Hey dudes and stuff and me in the buff. Well, this will probably be my last update for a while as I am going to Canadia to skiand won't be back until the 29th. Som have a good holidays, everyone! Kelly and I went for a walk today, FINALLY! We had been planning to do so for quite a while, but had never got the chance.It was rather fun, and her dog was a little hyper, but that's ok. Before that, I was almost naked at Andrew's house after soccer and Sonic for quite a while. I just hung around in my boxers as we all played cards. It was great. I know Melissa was SO not turned on, cuz I'm a skinny-ass m.f.-er. But anywho, soccer was fun, and Casey got her ears licked by Kyle, who thoroughly enjoyed it. Yesterday night, Melissa, Andrew, Casey and I tried to play Strip Mao (spelling, anyone?) but Andrew and I were the only ones who were willing to get naked. Of course we didn't, but would have if Melissa and/or Casey had. Whatever. I'm gonna have to go in like 2 minutes, so no time for "I have never's." So sad... Finals weren't too bad, but it's not like I wanna take them again. SCHOOOL"S OUT! YEEEAAAHHH!!! I hope you all have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! OK, I gotta jet- literally. "Leavin,' on a jet plane... don't know when I'll be back again..." Party on, people! In the spirit of the season- God bless us, every one.

 Hey folks. I'm in calculus right now, workingon ThinkFive. Prepare to hate it when you get here. But hey, I'm online now, so how hard do you think calculus can be? Riggghht ThinkFive sucks! I just got a 6/10 on my practice test. Not satifactory... Today is our last class of Mrs. Kelley for the year! YAY! That freakish devil-woman is making us watch some stupid Scarlet Letter movie and the woman who plays Hester could have been Mrs. Kelley, because she's freaky-looking and has pale, pale, pale, blue eyes, like some demon-person. But the girl in the movie is kinda hto, so the'res no way it coulda been her. Anywho, I gotta jet right now. Peace out. God bless.

 Man, I hate being right. I predicted earlier this blog that Sam wasn't gonna be able to make it to our "rendezvous" tomorrow, and I was correct in assuming so! Boy howdy. I guess it's not her fault though. Oh wait, it is! She was being rambunctious, etc. But anywho....Kizzyle and I will have our own fun, thank you very much. Sorry if I'm sounding mean; I'm not trying to. Just trying to fill y'all in on the details of my life... OK, i Gott get to steppin' now. Adios, amigos. God bless.

 Hey girls and guys and freaky fruit flies. Just got done (almost) with my physics lab, and Margaret Evans just left. She smelled like rockin' good times. Well, about coincidences again; there I was... laying (or is it lying?) i bed, thinking about yo-yos yesterday before I went to sleep. Then, today in the comics, in "9 Chickweed Lane," the subject was yo-yos. Crazy. There was also another coinkydink, but I can't remember what it was, so I can't regale you with that boring episode of my life. Well, I basically have no more work until the end of the year, EXCEPT FOR ENGLISH! Why is Mrs. Kelley such a dum-dum? Assigning us idiotic quotes to do the day before our final. I guess it's good practice for when we take our final, but still... I dunno. Maybe since she's old, she knows what she's doing......Nah. That can't be it. Kyle and Sam and I are supposed to hang out tomorrow, since none of us have a sixth period final (boo-ya to all you suckas who do!), but I dunno how that's gonna go. maybe in typical British Spy fashion, one of us will back out of it, but we'll see. I hope we all have lots and lots of fun and oh boy oh boy oh boy. *Ahem* I mean, we could have a good time, bowling (?) or eating Cheez Wiz straight from the spray container until we barf all over the inside of a red jeep Cherokee, or a turquoise Pontiac Grand Am or a white BMW 318i. Either way, it had better be a blast, or I'm taking out someone with my spitball gun....Fire in the hole! " I'm Henry the Eigth, I am. Henry the Eigth I am, I am. I got married to the widow next door; she's been married seven times before. And every one was an Henry (Henry!), no she wouldn't have a Willy or a Sam (or a Sam!). I'm her 8th ole man, I'm Henry... Henry the Eigth, I am..." Herman' Hermits, gotta love 'em. "Slowly walkin' down the hall, faster than a cannonball..." We didn't have to run today in track! Yay! So we played 5-hack whack! Hooray! For those of you that don't know, 5-hack whack is not a sexually perveted game, but is played with a bean-filled sack called a "hackey sack." The "hackey sack" is repeatedly kicked, kneed, headed, or jounced into the air -with no hand contact- until two people have touched it, and it has been "hacked" at least 5 times. Then, a player may catch the "hackey sack" and proceed to peg another player with it, thus rasing one heckuva welt. (That's a helluva hullabaloo, eh, Melissa?) Fun game; you should try it sometime. I'm getting a so-called "hackey sack" for Christmas. I'll practice with anyone who would like to, at any time. Bring it! Well, dinner calls soon, so here are some "I have never's." I STILL haven't heard any form anyone else, except that one time like a month ago when Melissa put some, and I repaet, some, into her own blog. You dirty whores... Ok. I have never gyrated. Kyle, this one's a shout out to you. Holla back! I have never asked a gansta "How goes it, Homie?" I have never stored pornographic images in my own trash can. Cuz they'd get thrown away, that's why. Geez, some people... I have never telephoned Guadalajara and told the cusoms official to let my friend Juan through into America. I have never floozied my chinka until it masticulated underneath my bed. Sorry this is so short, I gotta go. God bless.

 Hey peoples and incarnate steeples. I really should be doing my Women's Reader assignment for Mr. V's class, but I'm and idiot and I love to procrastinate.I just had 4 tacos from Jack-in-the-Box. Mmmm, they were good. They were horrible for my body nontheless. I am not really scared about finals this year (except for math, of course) even though I should be. I haven't even started physics review yet, and I really need to get to work on that. So it goes... My life is full of weird coincidences. The last two years in English we read "Great Expectations" and "A Tale of Two Cities." Well, a comic in the paper printed a strip regarding each one, and at the time I was reading them. Now, I have declared myself Fuhrer of the Spherical Projectiles Club, and in Parade Magazine in the Sunday paper, there is a quip about Hitler and him being the "fuhrer" of Germany. Whack. And JUST NOW, I was thining if I would ever see Andrew Ebers online, and then all of a sudden, an i.m. from him pops up saying "Hey Sean." Wow. Chickety-China, the Chinese chicken. Have a drumstick and your brain stops ticking. "Wonderwall." I have been obsessed with that song for the past few days. I have no idea why, either. It just sounds really cool. It's also about birth control (according to Julie), so maybe I'm just interested cuz it deals with sex. Hormones, these days. Can't live with 'em, can't live without 'em. Well, Kyle and I hung out yesterday, and it was fun. He bought some Garfield slippers that were too small for him, but he loves them like a brother. We went to Wendy's, and they took like 20 minutes to make my Chicken Bacon Swiss sandwich, so I ended up getting free fries. It was wonderful....like Marylin. Friday was her 50th birthday! Oh, I gave her a present she'll never forget. She unwrapped my "package," and then....well, you can read about it in my letter to Penthouse. NOT REALLY, PEOPLE! well, also on Friday night (before my "party" with Marylin) I chilled, as the saying goes, with my homies, Melissa, Andrew, Casey, Crystal, and Meagan. We "chilled" OK, some "I have never's" because I really need to do Women's Reader before I go over to Erin's house to work on a theater project. Here goes: I have never screamed "Silent Night" to my deaf neighbors so they could truly experience the Christmas Season. I have never slid down the stairs on a decapitated Eskimo. I have never put mushy bananas (or anything, for this matter) up my butt. You all can thank Kyle for this last sentence, because, well...I don't think you really wanna know. But you could ask him... I have never spleemed my flim-flam by the hoober-doober next to my gon-diddley badunka dunk. I have never wiped out while dancing ballet in my History class. I have never touched an orangutan's nipples in frosty weather. I have never seen a fat lady amke out with a foot-tall chihuahua. I have never been to Timbuktu becuase my shipment of irate Iranians was delayed. I have never thrown a frozen dinner into a volcano so it could "heat up really fast." I have never surfed down Beverly's Hills. ha ha, Melissa. I have never taken my pinky finger for granted. I have never twiddled my thmbs in time to "Dueling Banjos." I have never been to a Bob Seger/Phil Collins concert and not enjoyed it. I have never stuck a key into an electrical socket so I could try and get an Afro. I have never killed a three-toed possum and fed it to my brother. I have never swam into a house in under seven minutes. OK, that's enough for today. I gotta jet so I can finish this project. Why must history repeat itself? On my computer that is. it seems to be the only thing I ever do on this baby. Anywho, peace out. God bless.

 Hey fruits and fags and dudes in drag. Boy howdy, I'm weird. Honestly, why would I write a sentence like that? I mean really... Well, I'm in Physics class right now with that hot sucka, Margaret Evans, when we're supposed to be working on a major lab. Well, we just got done smoking a jay and having casual sex under the lab table, so I guess it's been an ok day. NOt really. I'm sorry this blog has been so corrupt today. I'm just buzzed on Dandelion Wine. Mrs Kelley is one whacked out mother. She smells funny, and I would know becuase I sit right in front of her. She breathes loudly, and the other day she went on a tirade on how she once sprayed Lysol in her room and couldn't stand the smell after a while. I am the Official Fuhrer of the Spherical Projectiles Club. Boo ya! I know you're all thinking Hitler, but it's just the German word for "leader." Yeah. But, I will be in supreme command of the club, and soon we will expand to take over the world at your expense! Suckas. Actually I will have no responsibility; I'm just Fuhrer in title only. I forgot to mention earlier in the week that my team are the CONEBALL CHAMPIONS OF THE WORLD! Yeah, that's right. Our Cross-country team beat out the Brotherhood for the title. It is a really fun game, and I urge all who can to play. And by "all who can," I mean boys. Cuz, rules say, the girls can't play. So sorry. Oh, I also had to revert back to my old backpack becuase guys with "messenger bags" as they are so called cannot play either. I had one of those one-strap things, but not anymore. I shall only post a few "I have never's" because I really need to get to work on Physics. I have never sneezed in an elevator onto a corporate bigwig. I have never thrown a sow 40 yards within the space of 5 minutes. I have never worn only underwear to a "Dress: formal" convention. I have nevertaken a crawfish to church. I have never seen aliens more than seven times. I have never recovered buried treasure and given it to the poor. I kept it all for myself. I have never had a nose job to hide the fact that I don't have a deviated septum. I have never eaten octopus brains and not thrown up. I have never stopped being a weirdo who writes these bizarre things on his blog. "How bizarre, how bizzare...doo doo do, doo doo do, doo doo do..." You guys remember that song? Whatever. I gotta jet God bless.

 Hey dudes and fools and chicks with tools. Um, about that last sentence, I meant like drills and screwdrivers and stuff. Nothing, how do you say? unnatural.Well, I am sorry I couldn't update my blog yesterday after I said I would, but my history took longer than expected. But I finally finished my history, and turned it in early for xtra points. Oh, speaking of history, my group got the highest score out of all Mr. V's classes! We rule, and that's all there is to say. I like travel ping pong. I hope George likes it too. Well, I am going to be wearing a Junior Women T-shirt tomorrow for Calculus, not for any "other" reasons. Craig Davis, I'm looking at you. I'm hoping it will boost my grade on an otherwise abhorrent test. That final is 6 days long! My God, doesn't the woman have anything better to do than torture us?! Speaking of which, it's 10:45, and I still need to study for tomorrow. That means I shall have to skip ahead to everyon'es favorite part of the show, "I have never's!" Yay! Ahem... I have never shot a duck with a potato cannon in order to fry it in Crisco. I have never slept in Physics class, only to wake up having someone yelling at me, "Sean you crapped your pants!" I have never whizzed off the Eiffel Tower onto a mime's head. I have never seen a two-headed cow that can do algebra. I have never done a pirouette so I could gain the favor of a paraplegic dancer. I have never caught a touchdown pass thrown by Steven Hawking. He is the greatest athlete of all time! I have never screamed at a hibiscus to make it excrete goat's milk to make cheese with. I have never been fingernail-clippered to death. I have never played dominoes with a Domino's Pizza delivery boy. I have never played guitar in front of millions of screaming girls, only to have my suspenders break at the furious solo that I perform. I have never taken a bath under a desk. I have never seen a parsimonious squirrel through puberty. I have never bought a fake tattoo that reads, "I like to fly 4 kites" to be emblazoned on my forehead. I have never eaten a live mongoose. I have never gotten over the fact that I am obsessed with girls. Whatever. I'm tired and math calls. I will chill with you homies tomorrow. God bless.

 Hey homies and crips, and girls that do flips. I have realized that music is such a big part of my life, I had no idea before. I mean, who knew that the Hanukkah Song describes exactly what I'm going through in life? I am so Jewish... But no, really, there are a lot of songs that I like, that affect me whenever I hear them, and there are many that describe a lot of what happens to me. Especially blink 182; I don't know how they know what's going down with me, but they do somehow. I dunno. I've also been raised a lot around music (don't worry, this isn't one of those VH1 Behind the Music things) and I really like it. I know almost every song on Oldies 107.5, so I can now officially consider myself a true balla. "If you wanna know, if he loves you so, it's in his kiisss... (That's where it is!)" Oh my god! We changed seats in Mrs. Kelley's class today, and not only am I far away from crazy/cool/contabulous Sam, but I am now in the desk right in front of where the Devil herself sits! Mrs. Kelley sits there breathing loudly down my neck (or those of you who read my blog awhile ago, saying that she breathes like a squirrel suffocating in a plastic bag is an undertstatement! And she talks when she breathes out! She breathes in, and then she's like, "Ugh-gotta-grade-those-stupid-quizzes-ooga-booga-I'm- going-to-kill-you-all *exhale.*") and I'm afraid one day her jaw will just unhinge, and she will rear back, then lunge forward and eat my small and misshapen head! But anyway, I gotta jet for now, Pir. Docs. call! (Ugh...I still have 2 more to do...) but I will update more later, including some more fancy "I have never's." God bless.

 One other thing; a great lyric from a song I heard today: "My grandfather would have been 80 today...but in '45, he fell down beside an American child..." I just think that's emotionally stirring, considering how much the World War II generation sacrificed for us, all of the pain and suffering and needless death and destruction and heartbreaking demise, so that we could have our freedom from tyranny, oppression, and the evils of the world that surround us. I personally wish to thank them right now, even if no vet ever reads this. Go USA!!!!!

 Hey you crazy cats who walk on welcome mats. Well, having gone through a turbulent time in my life due to the excessive amounts of thinking about girls and how they mess with my mind, I've emerged, more confident in myself than ever before. I have been reassured of my existence and that I DO have some friends. Thanks, Kizz-yle and Sizz-am. You guys are true blue. Like Blue's Clues. "Here's the mail it never fails, it makes me wanna wag my tail, when it comes I wanna wail, 'Maaiiillll!' " Ahem. Ok, question: That Steve guy who was on the show went off to college. How he accomplished that when he couldn't figure out that Blue wanted to make a sandwich after the first two clues (at the max) without the help of a buncha backstage pre-schoolers is beyond me. I mean, the guy must be half retarded! "I wanna play baseball! Yay! I hit a home run every time!..." Ha ha, that's for you, Andrew and Kyle. Speaking of college, I have no idea where I wanna go. I'm thinking LSU (Geaux Tigers!) or Tulane, but my dad wants me to go the Naval Academy. Now THAT would be an adventure. Waking up at 4 a.m. every morning so they can run you ragged and pound it into your head that America kicks ass (which it does) and they train you to drown at sea... Good stuff. I think I will go there. I checked out the campus and got a tour of it last summer, and it was pretty sweet. I mean, that would be a really memorable and beneficial experience for me. Ohhh, I am a balla. I got a perfect score on today's English quiz, I just know it. Mrs Kelley can suck a lemon. Ha ha, which reminds me of the Simpsons. Everything in life can be traced to that show. Ok, here's a quip from when there was a mafia war: Guy: "Johnny Tightlips [who can keep a secret really well] where'd they hit ya?" Johnny: "I ain't sayin' nothin" Guy: "Then what do I tell the doctor?" Johnny: "Tell 'im to suck a lemon." Oh, it was great. If you watch the show, you'd appreciate how ingenius it really is.... I wrote a song yesterday about a girl. Not a specific girl that goes to our school, really, just the song is about a guy who can't get this girl he likes. It needs some revision, but here's one of my favorite verses: "Later on that day I saw her walking in the hall....And secretly I was hoping she would stumble and she'd fall...Then maybe I would see that she is not the perfect girl...Who I had made to be everything in my sad and lonely world." My other favorite part is the very beginning: " I went to school today to see that girl I wish was mine...I like her oh so much; she's so smart and she's so fine." Yeah. And the part about the "left-arm elbow joint"... Um, yeah. Well, I am a pitcher in baseball and I throw with my left arm. Last season my elbow started hurting for a few weeks after a game. So, it's like my left-arm elbow joint is something that causes me pain. Plus, it had to rhyme with "point" for the song's sake, so, yeah. I am sorry it has taken me so long to update this. I was just depressed and down about everything lately. I am so sorry I've been that way this year, guys. I love you all, and I would never want to push you away from me in any way. I had never been depressed like this before in my life, but hey, there's a first time for everything. But I'm through it all! YAYYY!!! I hope. "I can see clearly now the rain has gone..." I just wanna thank everyone who has been so supportive of me through all of this, especially Kyle and Julie. You guys were there from the start. I'd kiss you both, but I will just give Kyle a firm but gentle handshake. I think you all know why. (I'm not gay) In case you couldn't figure it out for yourselves, without three clues from a dog who's smarter than you, and pre-schoolers' help. Also, I'm sorry this one has't been very funny. I just had to get some stuff off my chest. Ok, here's some more "I have never's" I need other people to make a list of theirs! I wanna hear them! Ok, here goes: I have never stuck a flaming hamster up my left nostril. Can't say the same for the right one, though. I have never slid down a frozen modem. I have never eaten brunch with a furry Spanish rhododendron. I have never picked out a bouquet of computer mice from a "Where's Waldo?" book. I have never squeezed a heffalump or a southpaw woozle. I have never taken a girl and thrown her into a brick wall just to see if her butt was strong enough to break it. I have never played lacrosse with a team of half-monkey, half-hip-hop-anonymouses. For all you fans of "Big Daddy," that one was for you. I have never had zero-gravity sex. I bet that would be AWESOME, though. Once I'm married, of course...you rogues. Yaarggghh! I have never placed peanut butter or jam in my floppy disk drive, hoping it would play "Peanut Butter Jelly Time." I have never sewed an American flag out of cocktail napkins. I have never stitched a Union Jack into the backside of a platypus. And, last but not least, I have never drop-kicked a tiny dog, only to have it land on an angled trampoline so that it bounces right back at me, so I can do it all over again. Anywho, I'm hoping you dudes and dudettes enjoyed this, as I think I'm back to my former self. Oh, I only have two cross-country pics left, for all you girls who want one. Well, yes Kyle, you can have one, too. Ha ha. But be quick, they go fast. Sandra thinks they're just awesome, but hey, who am I to say they're not? Just keep them away from Yurianna. Never let her know you have one, please. There is a personal reason for that which I'd like to keep disclosed. OK, that's enough for today. I have stupid Pri. Docs. to work on. Oh, Sam; I think we should have a Hug Sean Day. That was the best idea I've heard from a British person since the invention of the power loom. Just don't get too close to me, guys. I don't wanna start another lice epidemic like I did in third grade. Sorry about that, Mrs. C. Wall's class! God bless. Oh, I was kidding about the lice thing. Never had 'em before in my life.

 Just one question: How would you guys feel if I killed myself? Now, be honest with yourselves. Think about it.... God bless you all.

 Whoa. Sam got a blog of her own, and I am shocked. She wants a tattoo... I mean, I've always wanted one since I was little, but that's me. I'm weird and stupid. She is talking about getting one, in a very serious manner to boot, and it's just so shocking to me. I mean, I've always viewed her as a sweet, mostly innocent girl who would never do anything so...rebellious and/or....i dunnno what the word is. It just blows my mind. Seriously. I am blowing this way out of proportion. I mean, it's her life, let 'er do what she wants. AAAAAAAAGGGGGGHHHHHH!!!! A tattoo..... oy vey.....

 Hey, an album cover and therapist. If you watch SNL, you'll get that. Think Sean Connery.... Anywho, Erin and I saw the play yesterday. It was really funny. I urge all who can to go see it. Kamen Edwards does a really good job. "Sank you." "Sofa." "Remarkab-b-b-ble..." and, last but not least, "Sheet head." Ha ha ha. Well, about "those two" people that were supposedly doing something wrong, forget about 'em. All conversation regarding that will stop. Now. This minute, I say. NOW! Oh, I screwed up on our other half-major grade in English! It was an easy 100, all we had to do was memorize 20 literary terms, and I only got 19! Arrgh, I'm a failure.... as usual... But I am having chinese for dinner tonight, so all is right with the world. I hope everyone likes chinese. If not, you're really missing out. Beef with broccoli (spicy) kicks serious A, and Hunan beef is good too. And the crab puffs....oh, baby! Tammy Reese, when I was kinda going out with her, said she'd make me some crab puffs sometime, but she never did. That ho. Actually she's nice, but she never made me crab puffs... I almost cried. Ok, Melissa thinks listing "I have never's" is dumb, but I don't care. Her list was funny, and I think she should put up more. Here's some more of mine: I have never beaten myself in the face with a baseball bat. I have never surfed down an upside-down helicopter. I have never been to Timbuktu on a llama. I have never squeezed a snowman for pleasure. I have never walked in on your parents. I have never eaten a chicken testicle in wine sauce. I have never stopped being the stupid idiot that I am who comes up with these weird things he's never done. I have never made out with an armchair on a Thursday. I have never watched a strip show involving disgruntled porcupines. I have never captured an elf in a cranberry sauce jar. I have never shot a midget out of a cannon (although I'd like to). I have never married an undersea fish-girl. I have never spread mustard on three yaks at once. "Yakkity yak! (Don't talk back.)" Who remembers that song? I do; it was great! Ha ha ha... Ok, I have to get started on math hw, so I will catch you folks later. Party on in the hizzouse! God bless.

 Hey G's and thugs and hairy dead bugs. "Got some words I don't know; gonna sing 'em, here I go." Two friends of mine, one of which is my best friend, are doing something RIGHT NOW that I'm not sure should be going on. Those of you who know who and what I'm talking about, well, I bet you agree. Sorry about my crazy paragraph about the Dandelion Wine yesterday. I was tripping out on something, although I'm not sure what. I think I totally screwed up my history paper yesterday. Oh, well. At least I still have a 96 IN MRS. KELLEY'S CLASS!!!! Take that, you -know-who you are! I got a blinking 101 on a half-major grade AP practice test, and whooped up on everyone. So sorry! Ha ha ha ha.... Kyle is quitting track.. so sad... I will miss him, and Andrew too. Those fools. Don't they know that running lengthens your life? That is, unless you die doing it, which is what could happen with the sadistic workouts Coach Yates gives us. But oh well, I will just be by myself like the lonely guy I am and have to run by myself and I will cry myself to sleep. "I've seen fire and I've seen rain...I've seen sunny days I thought would never end...I've seen lonely times where I could not find a friend...But I always thought that I'd see you again....." English class was fun today, cuz I got to rub it in She-knows-who-she-is-and-is-smarter-than-me's face the fact that I got a better grade. Well, that part was just ok. I don't mean to be mean. I'm sorry, British Spy......And we (as in everyone in the class) got to talk today, which was unusual for Mrs. Kelley's class. She is usually like, "Shuttup before I eat you all!!!" But not today. It was fun. Sorry I'm not writing very long things today. I just can't think of anything to elaborate on.... Erin and I are going to see the play tomorrow! Our thater teacher directed it, and we have to write a reviw about it. We will tell her that we thought it sucked and she should give up theater forever! Bwahahaha But that would be mean. So, I guess we'll just see it, and maybe sit by Kyle and Sandra and others who are also seeing it at the same time. Ok, here's some more "I have never's." I have never gotten a response from anyone who read this and told me any of their "I have never's." Losers. That's it. "No trophy, no flowers, no flash bulbs, no line. He is haunted by something he cannot define. Bowel-shaking earthquakes of doubt and remorse; assail him, impale him with monster truck force." My pool is filled with leaves and needs to be cleaned. I am too lazy to do it, and thus will wait until my dad gets home from out of town and yells at me to do it. Oh well. Dead bug. Allright, I know you want some more, so here they are: I have never taken the "Polar Bear Plunge." I have never run a marathon. I have never "Dr. Peppered" in public. Casey, that 'un's for you. I have never turned my eyeballs inside out. I have never stopped thinking of some girl or another.I have never eaten a moldy taco and lived to tell about it. I have never been captured by pirates. I have never engaged in homosexual activity. I have never rolled a cheese wheel down a large hill. I have never been shot. I have never bitten the doctor while he tried to administer a shot to me. I have never cleaned my ears and put earwax on a sandwich. I have never stopped being weird. I have never ridden a peccary. I have never sucked plywood through a straw. Anyway, thats enough for today. I am going to try and update this again tomorrow, maybe after the play so I can tell y'all how horrible it was. OK, gotta jet. God bless.

 Hey cats and dogs and readers of blogs. I had most of this typed, then accidentally hit the "back" button and I had to start all over, so it's not as good as it originally was. I got an awesome calculus progress report. A whopping 62.6, thank you very much. My dad was a little ticked, saying things like, "You didn't do the work" and "You blew your chance at an A," etc. So now I am grounded from instant messenger, phone (unless someone calls ME. Hint hint, people) and possibly TV. So, I guess you guys are getting a slight break from me. A little down time without the Sean. I'm sure it will be much appreciated. Don't let my grade scare you, though. I didn't do the work (not putting in time for hw) and am getting the grade I earned. I guess I just got lazy after getting a TREMENDOUS 92 last 6 weeks. You guys should all take calculus. Just do the hw, and you'll understand it. Hopefully. I'm sure all who do take it will do well, especially that British spy that beat me out in English with a 96 *grumble grumble* She's a smart one, allright but I still own Physics, ha ha! Dandelion Wine is a whacked out book. The kid Douglas goes through the summer of 1928 making a list of traditional and new things he experiences. I'm sure coming soon he will write, "Got drunk on dandelion wine yesterday. Grandpa and I had a sexual liaison while I was still inebriated. That was a hoot. Oh, me and younger brother Tom smoked a jay behind the barn. He was sooo high.... we gazed at the clouds, wondering how they looked remarkably like Marylin ready and waiting for us...ooh, yeah." Ha ha ha. I'm sorry if I offended anyone with this last paragraph. I never write about stuff like this. I have never been drunk or high ever. I was once at a place where there was drinking, and a friend of mine offered me a glass with some stuff in it, actually saying, and I quote: "Peer pressure, Sean, peer pressure." It was funny...kinda. Red beans and rice tonight. One of my Cajun favorites. For those of you who didn't know, I was born in Louisiana. August 26, 1986 at 6:56 a.m. at Lakeside Hospital in Metairie (right outside of New Orleans), Louisiana. I lived there a while, moved to Katy, TX, then to Long Island, then to Stamford, Connecticut, then here to good ole Houston. And all this before I was 5. I built a fence this summer. It took 6 days, at about 4-6 hours a day, including dismantling. Andrew hepled one day for about 5 minutes after he had spent the night. He sucked at it. Ha ha. I have never made out with a girl in a wheelchair. I have never bungee jumped into a vat of Jell-O. I have never killed a squirrel and lied about it, then hiding the squirrel in my sister's bedsheets, thus blaming her for it. I have never eating a frog's gall bladder. I have never heard a person say, "That's a helluva hullabaloo." (Someone please say this to me tomorrow.) I have never sang karaoke in front of Japanese businessmen. I have never thrown up in a swimming pool. I have never walked on the roof of an upside- down house. I have never stood naked on the Moon. There are a lot of things I haven't done. Please share some of your "never" experiences with me. I'd be glad to hear them, and maybe even post them on here! Then you'd be world-famous. Yay! Ok, I have a big dumb history paper to write. It's about the Civil War and how it could have been prevented. I think I will list the factors that led to it, then make up some names of guys who invented machines that got rid of the need for slavery, thus erasing that question from politics, and so the War would never have taken place. Or not. Anyway, I will try to update this a lot (cuz I can't im, so this will be my only contact with you guys unless you CALL ME wink wink) and try to "keep it real" as the saying goes. OK, g'bye for now. God bless.

 Hey dudes, dudettes, and lunch ladies with hair nets (such as Siggley and Marisol Martinez, eh, Casey?). Well, I already told some of what happened over the break, here's some money for any and all who are interested. Ah, gotcha. I said money, but I meant "more"... Boy, am I dumb... You guys can agree, it won't offend me. I know it's true. :-) Well, Thanksgiving morning, I met these two chicks from Texas while I was running in the park. Good stuff. One goes to U of H, and the other in Dallas or something. They weren't that hot, but they kept a pretty good pace, so I was happy. Like Marylin; she goes FAST. Believe me, kids, it takes two to tango, and boy does she tango! Anywho, I got a 92 on my physics test! In your face Sam! *Ahem* Sorry bout that.... Also, I got sick Thurs. night and barfed not one, not two, but FOUR times within the space of a few hours. Mm-mmm, good. Like Campbell's, you know... Ah, nevermind. This is over everyone's head. I don't know why I bother....Just joshing. You guys are all smart (to my knowledge) especially Sam, no matter what grades she gets on her physics tests and English papers. ;-) ..... *giggle* *snort* *chuckle* ...... Well, Friday wasn't that great, owing to my being incapacitated, but it wasn't horrible either. The drive home was a bust (7.5 hours) cuz we got stuck in traffic cuz of a football crowd that left on the same day we id. >:-( Oh, the Saints beat Tampa! WooHooo! Who dat?! Who dat?! If you're not from New Orleans, you wouldn't understand. So sorry. After Kelly's constantly berating me to watch "The Christmas Shoes," yesterday, I did. Just joshing; she didn't badger me to, she just said "You should watch it," so I did, seeing as I had nothing else going on other than the Saints game. Well, it's a somewhat smarmy movie about a boy whose mommy has a heart problem and she's gonna die and he wants to give her special red dancing shoes for her last Xmas. Very sentimental, heart-tugging, etc. The boy finally gets the shoes on Xmas Eve, like the day before his mom dies, and she is laying in bed telling him to put them on her feet. I thought it woulda been funny if he put them on the wrong feet, and in her weakened and destitute state was like, "Ouch! Honey, that hurts. You're putting them on the wrong feet." Ha ha ha. Sorry. I'm so dumb. I just thought that woulda been a little humorous, tee hee. Well, this 'un wasn't too long cuz I didn't wanna bore anybody, so I'll try and post more tomorry. Yes, I spelled tomorrow "tomorry." Kinda like old geezers sying "tobaccy" instead of tobacco. I dunno. I like it. I love Erin! She is the best ever! Allright! Woo hoo! Party time! Hokey Pokey! Bonus round! This Bud's for you! No soup for you! OK, that's enough for today. God bless.

 Hey there all of you red-faced baboons. Or, if that seems too offensive, consider yourselves golden lion tamarins. They're like the smallest monkeys in the world. Cool, huh? Well, as I've said before, calculus sucks. OK, I know I'm contradicting what I've said before, but don't take it next year. Really. It's hard, unless you're entirely willing to put work into it, which I'm not. So, it is hard sh*t. Yup yup. I've had some comments to change my blog, but I ain't going to. Sucks for those people. I've had a buncha others say they enjoy this very much, so I'll stick with a good thing. Majority rules. Maybe you could fight it out in my forum. Yeah, do that. Post opposing opinions on my forum, and whoever gets the most support, we'll go that way. Oh yay, this'll be so much fun! Christine Drew is awesome! She's a good friend who genuinely cares about people, and I'm very lucky to know her. She made my day a lot better today. Thanks, Christine. :-) Sam got hugged quite a bit today- hope she enjoyed it! And I hoped it worked too. Well, I'm going on a retreat this weekend, so I can't update until at least Sunday. Enjoy this while you got it, folks. Hey, an exciting adventure would be to go and read all of my blogs from the first to the last, and see how much they've evolved. I've already done that twice before. It was fun- it was like reliving the past. Almost like that loser Douglas Spaulding (who is pretty smart for a twelve-year old). It only took me like, 20-30 minutes. So if you've got that time, go ahead and do it. I hope I have fun on my retreat, get closer to God, and figure out my screwed-up life. And maybe make some new friends or even meet a new girl. Ha ha. Anyways, I'm gonna jet now. Peace out, suckas. Man, Greg Kelly rubs off on you...Right. Class dismissed. God bless

 Hello, all of you liederhosen-wearing gerbils. Well, it seems my forum is a rousing success so far. Continue to add to it, people! I don't have much time today, so this'll be quick. Calculus sucks. Track is...meh. English- you know that one. Cheese is good. Calculus sucks. Song of the day is "Sadie Hawkins Dance" by Relient K. It's a great song, and it is cool, cuz the dude gets asked by "a girl so stunning." It's a crazy coincidence too, cuz I got the CD it's on today, and it was the same day I found out I woulda been asked to Sadie by somone if not for a prior commitment. Grrr. And I KNOW I woulda had fun with them. But hey, it's all good. I'm not mad or anything. :-) Here's the refrain to that song- the oh oh oh is in a high voice. "Sadie Hawkins dance, in my khaki pants; there's nothing better- oh oh oh...the girls ask the guys, it's always a surprise; there's nothing better- baby, do you like my sweater?" Ha ha ha ha...ah geez....it's great. Don't forget! Tomorrow's Hug Sam Day! Whenever you see her, hug her. You know she likes it. ;-) Class dismissed. God bless

 Well, I think I know who my REAL friends are! Seems Katie and Melissa are the only ones who writ (yes, that's right- I said "writ." As in past tense of "write," you know?) in my forum. I guess they're the only ones that truly care...*sniffle*... Just kidding; I know (or hope?) I have more friends than that. Thanks to Mel and Little Red Riding Bike for responding, though, it was cool. Everyone, I want your comments! Feedback is always im-por-tan-te. Right. Well, math calls again- unlike girls. How come girls never call me? It must be becuase they're "old-fashioned." Sure, that's it... Well, class dismissed. Maybe I should stop saying that, cuz it might remind you of school, and I know that's the last thing anyone wants to think about. Whatever...why don't you let me know IN MY FORUM. Ha ha, peace out, guys. God bless

 OK, the thing I tried to get on my blog worked. It's at the top, and it says, "Click here to enter forum." Well, you guys can write messages to me, or responses to my blogs in it for everyone to read. Fun, eh? Yes. Well, I encourage everyone to 'ave a go at least once. Who knows, you might like it....Class dismissed. God bless

 Hey there, all of you sexy one-eyed, one-horned, flying, purple people-eaters. I'm sure everyone knows how to be one of those. Well, your mom and I had a good time today. If she asks about me, tell her I said, "Calamity is the essence of our defense system." Wow, it was great today that we didn't have 16 4's! Coach changed his mind at the last minute, and so we had a 30-minute run to Meyer, during which we played Speedball, and it was a lot of fun. Good times... Kyle and I are bad people. We say things that should remain unsaid. I know I'm going to hell, but he says he's forgiven, so that's cool. At least we can be best buds in this life. My sister is a candy cane today. Her shirt is red-and-white striped. Like a candy cane. Red-and-white striped. Like a candy cane. Red-and-white striped. I'm so sorry, you-know-who-you-are for me screwing you up on your pre-cal test. That cross I lent you only had Catholic power. I'm so sorry; I didn't realize it until it was too late! I'm so sorry.... pre-cal is hard enough without someone lending you an unlucky talisman. Just do well on the next tests in the 6 weeks, and you'll be ok. Good luck to everyone else too. C lunch is ok, and cheese is good. Sam needs to cheer up; love is harsh, but it happens. It can also be really great if you let it. Just go with the flow! Yahooo. I'm sorry if you don't want me mentioning your llife like this; just lemme know, and *zap* (that's an onomatopoeia, by the way) it's gone. We should have an official Hug Sam Day. I had one, and it's only the least we can do to have one for her in return. Friday it will be! This Friday, everyone hug Sam. She'll love it. I hope. UNless she gets pissed and says, "Stop hugging me, all of you!" But that probably won't happen. I think polar bears should be defined as bears that hang out by the poles on street corners. What are your views on the matter? Lemme know tomorrow. I gotta study for horrible calculus now. Have a good night everyone; I'll try and get online later. Class dismissed. God bless

 Hello, tapeworms and spirokeets. Sorry I haven't updated for a while- I'm a loser, I know. School sucks, as usual, except fot the fact that I see my friends occaisionally. Yay. Calculus grade is suffering because hw doesn't get done...English is just gay with DW quizzes left and right. Kyle and I were imagining yesterday Mrs. Kelley tripping on all of her electrical wires that she always complains about, and hitting her head on the desk net to her desk, and laying kind of in a fetal position on the floor, with eyes closed and papers strewn all over the floor and the class just staring at her limp, prostrate, comatose, half-dead form. We were cracking up. :-D Hope Kelly and Sam and everyone did well on Pre-cal! I can't really talk much now. Hw calls... oh, my streak is broken- 3 weeks, 2 days. A new record. Yahoo. I'm not excited. BUt track will be absolutely friggin fun tomorrow, with 16 400's!!!!!! The hardest workout of the year, and it's the day before our practice meet! Hooray! Hey, I want you guys to come see one of my track meets sometime. They're pretty cool, and all I ask is that you just stay for my race, which will only last like, 5 minutes. Your encouragement would mean a lot to me.... Girls do not melt from eating nothing but Jell-O......... Song of the day is "You Know You're Right" by Nirvana. It's that one that was only recently released due to Kurt Cobain's anal-retentive wife, Courtney Love, holding it back from the radio and stuff. It's not a great song, but I kinda like it. And...... freeze. Sorry if I regaled everyone with all of my stupid, petty, not-really-mattering problems at any time. I know you really don't wanna hear about them, or don't care. But hey, "that's the life I live....the lonesooooome kickerrrrrr." - courtesy of Adam Sandler. Right. Class dismissed. God bless

 Sup all of you crazy possums. Now, make like a possum and play dead. It's so much fun. I could be really dead, and no one would know the difference. "Soy un perdador...I'm a loser baby, so why don't you kill me?" Ah, Beck. You speak only too true. I had a great time last night. More so than I thought I might at a soccer game. Man, Klein totally kicked some A, and that was cool. I got to sit under a blankie with the always lovely Kelly A, and then I even got to sit with the "popular" people donw the bleachers. You know, all those dudes and dudettes who acknowledge our presence, but really don't care? Yes, them (Sam not included- I know she's ginuwine....I think). Well, I sat with them for a while, and they didn't mind me being there, and I even made a funny or two that aroused a slight snicker form some. Oh! And I saw Cole Wilson, who I haven't seen since like, 6th or 7th grade. He and I used to be kinda good buds in our younger days. I remember he and Amanda Vatne (when I adored her) sorta dated, and I was way jealous of him. He also has two different color eyes. Cool, huh? I do too, but mine are not noticeable as his. Well, after the soccer game, Kyle played taxi/ chauffer, and then we went to Sam's. Kyle is a balla on the piano. "Under the Sea" has gotta be one of my all-time favorite py-anna tunes. Ha ha, then we started watching my truly all-time favorite movie, "Monty Python and the Holy Grail." Ah, a classic it be. "WHAT...is the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow?" "He's a scary monster, with sharp teeth; like THIS!...*chomp chomp chomp*" "It's only a wee bunny rabbit!" "Help! Help! I'm being repressed!" Hahahahahaahahahahahaha.....oh, geez, that movie gets me every time. And when I watch it with friends, it makes it all the more better, such as was the case last night. Oh, guys? I apologize for quoting that movie left and right, and perhaps ruining the experience for you. I know it got so much better after I left. Please forgive me for my outbursts. I know George was pissed.... but as I say, I'm sorry. Man, Kyle and I went running yesterday and I almost killed him! We "liberated" some tennis balls from behind Giammalva, after we saw Georgie-Porgie practicing there. Also, we found a piece of wood that was only like a quarter-inch thick. Well, we played baseball (or cricket- whichever y'all would prefer to call it) and I swung, and connected. A long sharp half of that piece of wood went flying at Kyle's head, spinning and floating in th air. Only by Divine Providence did it swerve in mid-air, missing his face by like a foot, and it the proceeded to hover in the air for another three seconds or so, making erratic loops in the air. It was just hovering there, and it was so cool, despite the fcat that Kizzyle almost died. So sorry, dude. I didn't do it on pupose- and if I did, it woulda hit you instead of turning. BUT I WOULD NEVER DO THAT TO KYLE!!!!! Or anyone, for that matter. I had to go home last night at 10, because I had SAT's this morning at Spring High School. That was a fun experience...I have only taken the PSAT before, and this was similar, and just as long and boring. All I want is a 1400...please, God, a 1400....it's all I ask. I saw Jessica Hulsebosch and Lucy Nguyen (I'm never sure on spellings for those names, ha ha) and that was cool. We were like the only people from Klein there. And as I drove home and passed Klein, I saw all your cars there, cuz you suckers were still taking the test there! Hahahah, suckers. Wait, I just said that.... Song of the day: "Thundercats" by Relient K. Wow, it's great. Kizzyle and I love to jam to it in his Grand Am while cruising the main drag, looking for 3rd or 4th grade chicks to hit on. "Hanging out, at the lair; Snarf and me, and the twins...my favorite feline is the one who wore cheetah skins...Fighting evil; we drink milk and we purr a lot... ask me to cross them, and I would say I'd rather nooot. I'd rather nooooooot..... I'm Lion-oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo." Ah, woohoo.... I had Spaghettios for lunch. Mm-mmm, good. :-) Well, nothing else interesting to discuss right now. Class dismissed. God bless

 How's it going all of you dogs and frogs? Now you have to jump around and ribbit, or crawl around on all fours and bark. Remember, you're supposed to be acting like whatever animal I make you at the beginning of all my blogs. Fun, ain't it? Just do it...froggy style or doggy style; it's your choice. ;-) Well, I recently discovered that my sister's friend calls me "hottie-hottie-hot-hot" to all of her munchkin buddies. As much of a compliment as that is (and who am I to argue with it? Ha ha, j/k. I know I'm a scrawny little dude who just happens to have a great 6-pack and has toned arms. Not muscular, mind you -like Kyle; he's a beast, but toned.) Well, I have been receiving admiration from girls four years younger than me for most of my life, but none from people MY age. Except for Tammy, and she's ONE year younger than I am, so I guess that's not too bad. My master plan is for Kelly to get some pics of me not wearing a shirt, and being in muscularly revealing poses, and she just "accidentally" shows them to some of her friends that go to Klein and CFBC and stuff. She said she'd set me up on a blind date at some point, but she still hasn't found my "match" yet. Too bad. If any of you guys: know, are involved with, or are someone with a crush on me, lemme know, and I'll see what I can do for the lucky lady who fancies my attention. Oh my god... I'm so sorry everyone. I know this seems VERY egotistical and desperate , and it is. I apologize for my lack of candor and for my narcissistic ramblings. Please forgive me; I'm working on remedying the problem. I've only this year kinda raised my confidence level- if you have any doubts about that, look at my freshman yearbook picture; I was very timid and reserved- and am hoping to blossom and FINALLY get a girlfriend and my first kiss. Ahh, love.... "I'm sick of smiling...and so is my jaw... can't you see my front is dropping down? I'm sick of beng someone I'm not...please get me out of this slump." NFG again, folks. Gosh, they're great. " But you're getting worse; I swear it...it's hard to prove you're an understatement. But you're getting worse, and I know....that you'll be calling, calling, calling me again." Constantinople was once the capital of the Eastern Roman Empire. A hummingbird weighs less than a penny. Your heart beats 100,000 times a day. But mine beats more when I'm around pretty girls. :-) My streak will be three weeks tomorrow! Yahoo! I once had one last three weeks before, and so if I can make it through tomorrow, I break my own record! Weeee! But Javier, being the Spanish stud he is, has a much longer streak than I do. Grrr...him and his Spanish hotness. I fond a kick-A Harry Potter letter jacket, that is too small for me, but I'm gonna wear it anyway. It's got a "G" where the K is on Klein's jackets, and on the left sleeve, it says "7" and underneath, "SEEKER." On the back, it says "GRYFFINDOR" and there's a lion's head underneath the word. It's tight- in two ways. Number one, it's cool, and number two, it's way too small, and so it's not loose-fitting. My parents want me to bring it back to Theiss and turn it in to the lost-and-found, because, "It belongs to someone, and they're probably looking for it." Sheesh. Can't I ever have nice things? In case you couldn't tell, the song of the day is "Understatement" by New Found Glory. Just to let ya know.... Right. I can't think of anything else to write about right now. If any of you guys ever want anything in my blog that you feel is worth mentioning, just email me at: blinky_04@hotmail.com. It'll be great fun. Class dismissed. God bless

 Hey chickadees. This one should be easy- I guess you should just whistle like a birdie and flap around. Here are some random statements I created this evening that I felt just had to be put down: Many chickens like to dance barefoot on the grave of Colonel Sanders. Jake Plummer could hurl a taquito across Memorial Northwest if he really tried. Your mom is hot. :-) There should be twice as many fans of the Harvard football team as there are of Miami. " 'Look at all of the purple and pink!' 'Why is our money so gay?' "- The Simpsons, when they go to Brazil, and a ransom is paid for Homer, because he gets kidnapped. Crocodiles might never wear flamenco hats. Cornucopia souns like something that is on the bottom of someone's foot. "I like big blogs, and I cannot lie; you other bloggers can't deny- when a girl walks in and she's all up in your face, you can write about it in your blog, and take up lots of space, and get sprung!" Onomatopoeia is a buzzword. Ha ha, get it? It truly is a buzzword, but i used an onomatopoeia in "buzzword." What a clever trick. I was also wondering if Sam knows what "wonky" means. I saw in the dictionary yesterday that is is a term used in British slang. I'll test her knowledge of it tomorry. Also, does anyone know what "wonderwall" means? As in the Oasis song? Julie says the song is about birth control, so maybe the "wonderwall" is a diaphragm? I don't know.... Lastly, The Munsters could kick the Addams Family's butt any day. So there. Class dismissed. God bless

 Hey crackas and antelopes. I have no idea what sound an antelope makes, but you'd better be making it right now. A small matter concerning my blogs- a lot of people who read them (not to name any names *cough* erin *cough* among others) just kinda skim them. People, these are here for your entertainment and to fill you in on the goings-on of my life. If you don't wanna read the whole thing, you're not getting the whole blogging experience. It's worth it, I think. So, come on, read it all or none. "Sank you." Well, I had a fairly good day today. To start off, everyone liked my new shoozies, and that made me feel pretty kick-ass for only having the best footwear in the school. "Ha ha" to all of you who think otherwise. I repeat, "ha ha." Holy crap, I'm so sick of "Hey Jude." I've heard that song like 3 times a day for the past 2 weeks. It ain't bad, but I don't wanna be listenin' to it no more. Anywho, we had a sub in English, and that was great, and I stole some croutons from the english department breakroom to "balance out the universe" for all of the times Mrs. Kelley and/ or Mrs. Eichhorn has screwed me over. I think I may need more compensation.... Man, track kicked butt today- my butt that is. 4 sets of 1200's at under 4 minute pace. Ha, Coach Yates- like that's gonna happen! Well, I ran hard anyway; my best 1200 was at 4:08, and worst at 4:18. It hurt. A lot. I'm so tired. Kyle and Andrew, you must be glad you quit track. But tomorrow we have a fun 40-minute run at Meyer, and Friday..ohhh, Friday. We have a 1600 (one-mile) time trial! YAHHOOOOOOO!!!! I love the mile! It's my favorite race, and my goal for this year is to break 5:00. I know I can do it. "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me." Wow, the mile is just SO much fun....unlike the 800....*shudder* Yeah. Oasis is pretty cool. Such as on a Saturday Night live skit: There's a buncha people in the British Parliament, and one dude stands up and says, "Is Oasis not the greatest British rock band of all time?" And everyone gets pissed at him (you know- cuz they're British [no offense, Sam and Co.]; and it's Parliament, and you're supposed to be serious) and the overseer is like, "Mr. Murdoch, that's the third time this past month you've mentioned Oasis! Now sit down!" And it goes on a little bit, but it's pretty funny. There are two songs of the day today: "Born to Run" by Bruce Springsteen is the first. It's a great song about breaking free and stuff like that. My favorite part goes like this: "Wendy, let me in, I wanna be your friend; I wanna guard your dreams and visions...just wrap your legs round these velvet rims and STRAP YOUR HANDS CROSS MY ENGINES!!" That's an innuendo if I've ever heard one... The other song is "Margaritaville" by Jimmy Buffet. As was told earlier in one of my blogs, if (and that's a BIG if) I get into Heaven, I will be on some awesome tropical beach, and this song (along with steel-drum music) will be playing in the background perpetually. Ahh, the beach.... I wish I was there now... Kelly didn't want my Kleenexes... :-( But it's ok. I'm actually glad she gave them away- that's what Jesus woulda done. Hooray for Kellys! :-) K, I'm gonna jet for now- Thinkfive for bonus points in Calculus! Yahoo! OK; class dismissed. God bless

 Hey platypus rexes. From now on, everyone who reads this will temporarily become whatever animal I call you at the beginning of my blog here. So you have to make the noises and the gestures and habits that that animal would do as you read my blog. So, whatever sound a platypus makes, reproduce that sound. Not much time tonight, as history must be completed, and Lil' Sis wants to talk to her monkey-friends on AIM. What platypuses.... Aywho, most important order of business; I patched things up with British Spy. We had been, rather...tense, i guess one could say, and I realized that I was being very immature and stupid and stuff and didn't like not seeing her anymore, so I decided to change that. Yay, we are buds again. Whoop-dee-doo for Catmandu! Right; well, song of the day is "Hey Jude" by the Beatles today, because that's what I'm listening to now. yay. God bless

 Hey all you crazy squirrel-monsters. I have had a great weekend so far. I love not having school today! I need to get my history project done I guess, so I can turn it in early for 5 points. Maybe I'll do it late tonight. As usual......so life goes. I had an interesting convo with one my friends yesterday, and we straightened some stuff out, and I am glad it's all straightened out. I'm talking about God, guys. I sat outside after Kelly left my home for like 20 minutes, talking to God out loud, and trying to figure out my life. I asked Him to help all you folks out, so if things go your way, think of Him, and thank Him; ha, and maybe me too, cuz I instigated the help...I dunno. Or not. I really got quite a few things figured out through His divine inspiration and stuff, and I like that. It's made me feel a lot better. I also talked to another good friend and got some more stuff straightened out between them and I. I'm glad everything worked out well; I wouldn't want any weirdness hanging around- that would put a damper on things. But I think maybe our frendship (maybe, I really don't know) is stronger because of it, now that we each know where the position is. Boogity. I like chicken, I like liver; Meow Mix, Meow Mix, please deliver... I so need to write some funny stuff, but I can't think of anything! Grrr!!! "This mom is your mom, this mom is my mom; from California, to the New York Islands....from the Redwood forests, to the Gulf Stream waa-aaa-teeerrrs....this mom was made for you and me....." "In case you couldn't tell, I'm gonna jump down a well, rescue the girl from the Ring and we'll do that thang - so bad it will be, can't you see how you mean so much to me , baby, and I love your touch so much it makes me wild you freaky child, I want your body all night, don't put up a fight, you know it's right, cuz we see the light, and it tells us to eat jello... on your pillow in the room, take out a broom, and sweep me off my feet, you can't be beat, I Iove you girl, you're my whole world. Upside down and all around you make me wanna act the clown, make it funny, eat some honey off your lips, they're sweet to kiss, I want you to know it's the way to go, when we make love, below or above, it doesn't matter, help me; I'm addicted to you, so convicted to...the notion that you love me too." That was my flow that I just made up on the spot; hope you like it. Well, I'm going running now with Kyle and Kelly (Greg, that is) and won't be back for about an hour. So, if you wanted to talk to me, sucks for you; you can't. But wait, I know someone that DIDN'T wanna talk to me; they blocked me from their instant messenger list thingy...I feel so rejected....not. It's better this way, down by the bay, eating hay- I just may; whaddya say? God bless

 ok, the thing didn't work. I try again later. God bless

 Hey folks. Just a quick one for now. i added a message thingy so you guys can comment on my blog after you read it and it'll be on the site. try it. I hope it works. God bless

 Howdy, bumblebees. I did eventually get some sleep (10 a.m. -2p.m.) and I was kinda rested. Kelly called from her work to talk, and I was happy about that. She had a list of people in her head that she would make that random phone call to, and I was picked! Yayyy! it was like The Price is Right: "Sean Murphy, come on dooowwnnn!!!" I felt so honored that she would pick me out of all of her friends to call. *Tear*.... Guys, I know you're sick of hearing about her, (hopefully you're not though, and either way, you don't have a choice: it's MY blog! Suckers.) but Kelly is such an awesome person. She just brightens my day so much whe I'm around her or even on the phone with her as was the case earlier. Her waist also fits well into the crook of my arm as we ride upon a 50-cent car outside Kroger in freezing temperatures with Kyle to the extreme left. Also, she just has this way of looking into your eyes, and it's like she's searching your soul to bring all your goodness and happiness to the surface, and that is just amazing. AND SHE'S A SKY PERSON!!!! Yahoo! In truth, she (and Sandra too) got me hooked on the sky. It's God's palette for us, and it is wonderful, people; you should appreciate it as much as we do! Appreciate it.... Like from the Simpsons, you know? When Homer tells someone to do something, such as waive an airport tax... ah, nevermind. Only Crystal and I watch that show anymore. But Kelly is extremely wonderful and outstanding! Get to know her, everyone! WEEE!! Hooray for Kellies! Right- mommy says bedtime now. That sucks. Before I go, though, here's the song of the day: "Screaming Infidelities" by Dashboard Confessional. That is Kyle and I's song, it seems, as it describes our situation: "As for now I'm gonna hear the saddest songs, and sit alone and wonder...how you're making out......and as for me I wish that I was anywhere, with anyone, making out.." Yup. Well, gotta jet. God bless

 Good morning to all, and to all a good night! It sure feel like I should be sleeping now. I stayed up all night at Lazer Quest eith Christie's church, and Kelly, and Kyle, and you know the rest. Well, I had a total blast except for when I got Coca-Cola on my new jeans. That part was stupid. Huh huh huhuhuhuh... So, we played like 10 games of lazer tag, and I got the highest rank out of any of the Klein "group" we were with when I got 3rd place in the first round. I then proceeded to get a lower rank in every subsequent round. We met this pretty cool Argentinian dude named Alejandro and some Cy Fair chicks who were freshman, but one of them was not bad, if you know what I mean. In case you didn't know that means she was not bad looking; cute; almost hot. Whatever. We all played hackey-sack, and Kelly began to learn how to kick my sack around. We all had Whataburger at like 3 in the morning, and afterwards, our "group" as I shall again call it went to IHOP for brekkist. Kelly and I split a wonderful meal of bacon, egss, hash browns, pancakes, and sausage. Elizabeth ate powdered sugar. Kyle had French toast cuz he is "jay swee la june fee." If you're French or speak it, sound that out and you know what I'm saying. I don't know how to spell it in French... After brekkist, Kelly and I went to Meyer Park to watch the sunrise, and it was amazing! We sat on the hood and leaned back against the windshield, and took in the glorious (albeit rather cold) morning. The pink, mostly orange, and the blue were awesome and it was really nice just laying there and appreciating it and everything I have and...and... *sigh* Guys, Kelly is such an awesome person. I am very priveleged to know her, and you guys are too. I'm so glad she's my friend; my life has only gotten better since I've known her. I believe the same could go for Kyle as well; he is a great guy who's strong in his faith, no matter how long his streaks are. Ha ha. He is my best friend (along with Andrew- they're joint best friends to me) and he has helped me through a lot and I thank him greatly for that. We are almost always in tandem, and I love that; it makes life interesting. It's nice to know I have someone I can really truly count on. Thanks, Kyle and Kelly. I am so dead tired but Kelly says it's not really staying up all night unless you don't get any sleep until the next night. So, I'll try to accomplish that; it may be hard, but hey: "I can do all things throgh Christ who strengthens me." Well, Jesus, help me through long day of nothing but tiredness and homework, and (maybe) if I get done with hw, I can see my friends later tonight or this evening. Also, help Kelly, cuz she has to work 9-4, then 5-10. She will really need your help in making this ou to not be a bad day for her. And also help Kyle, cuz he's working 4-9, and will also be very tired. AND, help all my friends in everything they do ytoday! yes, even BriSpy, now matter how adamant she may be about anything. Melissa, I'm sorry we left you yesterday with no one to talk to but Austin Powers. We thought about you constantly throughout the night (well, Iguess it was morning, technically) wondering if you were still sitting at your computer waiting for someone to get online so you'd have some companionship. Right, well, you can have my companionship this weekend; just gimme a call Allrighty, I gotta jet and finish up my diddley history notes. Party on with tha people in tha house!!!! "What? What?" Sure. peace out, suckas. God bless

 Beofre Kizzyle comes to get me, I have some interesting trivia for you folks who might care... *Ahem* "Bingo" rearranged spells "boing." The capital of the Philipines is Manila. Elvis died (supposedly) August 16, 1977. Charles Lindbergh-the dude who made the first solo flight across the Atlantic- died August 26, 1984. My dog's name is Callie. I run track. The sky is blue because of the angle the sun reflects off of the water vapor on the air. Kyle's dog is named Kali. Kyle says hi to Melissa on my instant messenger. "Meet Virginia Woolf" was the first movie to have nudity in it. 0 degrees Celsius is equal to 32 degrees Farenheit. The temperature right now is 31 degrees Farenheit. I only have like, 1 or 2 moles on my entire body. Sweet, eh? Napoleon was defeated at the battle of Waterloo. "Able was I, ere I saw Elba" is a palindrome, and has to do with Napoleon. Your mother's brother's wife's daughter's dad's brother-in-law is your dad. You smell bad. Kobe is some sort of Japanese steak. Melissa has 6 toes on her left foot. Anyway, Kyle and I are going to Starbuck's now to get hyper on coffee so we can stay up alll night. DIGGETY!!!! Right, well, peace out. God bless

 Hello and buenos dias to all my senoritas out there. Holla! Well, I went to Kelly's violin recital yesterday, and she played awesome. Oh, funny incident: we were there, hangin out, and she was getting her instrument tuned. her teacher shows up, saying "Hey, How's it going?" etc. Well, then she goes, "Do you have your music?" and Kelly just freezes. We were like, "Oh, snap..." But through divine intervention and her own good memory, Kelly pulled her piece off without a hitch (as far as I could tell). But yeah, she played really well, and I loved being there to support her and say, "Yay, Kelly! You are the shiznat!" I think she did awesome, and I'm proud of her.... but not to the extent that I feel like her parents or something. That's just creepy. And I almost died yesterday. No other details on that. I'm so excited because tonight I get to stay awake forever, and play Lazer tag with Kyle, and Kelly, and Christie, and Elizabeth McClung. Woo hooo! Go Banana man and....I need a nickname. I will have one by tomorrow, considering our games will be over and I will have had to think of one to play... But anyways, I'm pumped. Like a Swedish pump enlarger. Rigghhht.... I am finished with my english hw.. boo ya to Mrs. Kelley's class who I KNOW hasn't started yet! Suckers! Anyways, I need to get started on my nine pages of history notes that Christie assigned me... I will shoot her good and hard for that... Well, I will get to stepping now. Song of the day: "Stayin' Alive" by the Bee Gees. Maurice Gibbs (pronounced Morris, not More- ees) died this past week, and he was truly a forerunnner in the art of disco. Right. Gotta jet. God bless

 Yo diggety I say; yo diggety. Sorry I haven't updated in a while, I've just been busy and lazy...bazy, I guess you could say. Right. Well, not too much interesting has been going on recently, but I got grounded for getting an 80 on that physics test. Not for the fact that an 80 wasn't good enough, but that I didn't study for it. Pshaw- I don't need to study- I'm all-lknowing and supreme. NOT. If anything, I could say I know a lot, but all-knowing? That's gotta be Raj. Just kidding again, guys. God is really omnipotent (and omniscient!) so He is really the one that kicks serious butt. Well, I am saying sorry to Kyle for what I have done to him. I know I've kinda been screwing around behind his back some, but I am not sure if it meant anything. I don't know! Well, I am glad we patched things up, but he will be taken down by me in Lazer Tag on Friday. Read his blog for more info on that. Man, I cranked out a well-timed and scathing insult against Mo today. Sorry Mo- I know you don't have the willie of a six-year old.....a four-year old, maybe... Anywho, Me, Tard, Mo, and Marvelous Melissa were walking to english from lunch and Monster Mo was telling us about a new disease he heard about. Well, he was like, "There's this disease called 'micro-penis.' It's when..." and then I cut in, and said, "It's when you're ASIAN!!" And Monstrous Mo, being Asian, only felt obliged to agree. Meanwhile, Magnificent Melissa and Tard are in hysterics, falling all over themselves laughing. I felt pretty good about myself just then- I think I may actually have a sense of humor! Ok, I need to finish up so I can do....calculus (insert word of enjoyment and excitement here)________!!!!!! I need to put in some "I have's" for O. *Ahem* I have eaten a doughnut off the floor of the band hall in 6th grade that had been there for 2 days. I have gone three weeks without breaking my streak. I have been seen picking my nose by a girl I liked. I have been made fun of for my small size. I should use "build" there don't you think? I didn't mean a sexual size, but my body itself is tiny....whatever. I have been "alone in Paris" like Helen Loomis from Dandelion Wine. I have been to a circus and wondered if the animals were ever abused. I have to do my homework... I have driven alone before I got my license. I have thrown those spiky, sphere-shaped thingies that fall off the trees into my next door neighbor's pool. I have to go now. Song of the day: Yes, I realize I may be copying this feature from someone, but I love the idea of it. "Daydream Believer" by the Monkees. I need to revise what I had written a few days ago- it really goes like this: "Oh, I could hide 'neath the wings, of the bluebird as she sings...the 6 o'clock alarm will never ring......but it rings, and I rise.... wipe the sleep out of my eyes.... my shavin' razor's cold, and it stings." Peace out suckas. Oh, a VERY inspiring quote that I recite to myself all the time now (thanks again, Kelly!) " I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me." I don't know the book, the chapter or the verse, but I love that quote. God bless

 Hey folks and blokes and artichokes. Today was interesting. I had a dang Physics test that sucked monkey hair, and a US History quiz that no one knew the right answers to. And Dandelion Wine! Sheesh! I hate english... Aw, heck. I'll come right out and say it- I hate school! I mean if it weren't for the fact that I get to see all my friends and stuff, it would be absolutely miserable. Speaking of friends, here's a paragraph devoted to one of mine (I hope she feels the same way!) who definitely deserves more blog time. Of course I'm talking about Christie Mechler! This girl is smart (you have NO idea!), cute, sexy, funny, interesting, and an all-around cool person. She sits next to me in History, and I thoroughly enjoy hearing about her crazy weekends and how many times she's seen "Pride and Prejudice." Ha ha, Christie is one of those chicks that makes your day interesting just to have talked to her; she can make you feel great, or deliver a totally scathing and well-deserved put-down if you're stupid enough to be an idiot around her. There is only one Christie, and for that I am glad- I don't know if I could handle two girls with as much fire and passion as she has in her! She's "fo sho" a bitchin' person. No, not a BITCH, a bitchin' person. You people need to learn the difference before I bash your heads in with my huge, rippling muscles....Here's to Christie! The more I think about religion, the more I get screwed up in my religious views. I had a wonderful, deep conversation with Kelly yesterday about how I know that I'm going to hell (which I am, people! As of right now, you can't convince me otherwise! :-) ) I'm not wallowing in self-pity over it, I just have accepted the fact that I will be looking up at everyone whom I love so much having a great time in Heaven without me, and it will be the absolute worst punishment the devil can conjure for me. Yes, Kyle, even worse than repeat 400s. Ha ha, but kelly pointed out some interesting things to me, which I may have to take to heart and muse over, and she gave me this great Bible verse that I looked at periodically throughout the day, and it really made me feel better. Here it is for all who give a care: " 'For I know the plans I have for you,' declares the Lord, 'Plans to prosper you and not to harm you. Plans of a hope and a future.' " Jeremiah 29:11. I need to get started on my 3 PROBLEMS OF MATH HOMEWORK!!!! Yeah, baby, it's like nothing! Hooray! But I'll try and be online later to talk withyou mugs. Peace out. God bless

 Hey-o. Just a quick one tonight, with some lyrics from two of the songs that are on my new CD. Thank you, Casey!! Fire and Rain by James Taylor: "Won't you look down upon me, Jesus? .....You gotta help me make a stand.....Just got to see me through another day......My body's achin' and my time is at hand....I won't make it any other way." Little Black Backpack I believe this one is by Stroke 9. The parts in quotes are higher than the other lyrics...as in more of a feminine voice, you know... "Don't want to... don't wanna talk about it; 'I say why not?'... Don't wanna think about it; 'I say there's got to be' some good reason for your little black backpack, up smack, turn around he's on his back... Don't wanna tango with you, I'd rather tango with him; I think I'm gonna bash his head in...This shouldn't concern you except that just don't expect to get your bloody black backpack back." Thanks Kelly, for introducing me to this really cool song. Well, its 9:00. On a Saturday night. And I'm about to go to bed. I'm just that tired. Yup, well peace out, guys. have a great one. God bless

 Hello, Clarice. Man, Elvis and I and all his party-goers -including his hot and recently divorced daughter- had a great time at his birthday bash on Wenesday. Lotsa good cake and peanut butter-and-banana sandwiches. Melissa thinks it's stupid that I write about him, but he's the King of Rock 'n' Roll! I mean, what am I supposed to do, just ignore him?! I don't THINK so... I had a good night tonight (well, actually it's morning now) and had a great deal of fun. Yo yo yo. First Kizzyle and I went to the mall and got some stuff for hisself, and his BK Ball tux. Then, we went to my house, and we thought that Kelly wouldn't be able to go to Oriental Garden and watch Billy Madison cuz of her BPA commitments, but then Austin pulled a classic British Spy move and backed out of his engagement to work at K's house. Wa na naa.....Jack Bandit! Well, we ended up going to the Chinese place, and I gorged myself on spicy beef and broccoli, much to the amusement of Kelly and Kyle and Kelly Osman. Why do all of my friends' names start with K? It's like KKK...weird. Oh, it was funny at the eatery when we did "the wave" to the next level- coughing. We all took turns coughing in a sequential order, until all the people in the restaurant were looking at us. That was neat. Then, Kyle started to tell me about some Christian sex book at his workplace, and he was like, "After she wakes up, you're not supposed to..." and he never got to finish becuase I was laughing so hard because into my mind sprung the notion, "Why would she be waking up? . Wait, she musta been date-raped!" I dunno- it was absolutely hilarious at the time. Guess you had to be there. Oh, speaking of the big bad K-man himself, he now has his own blog- hooray! Visit it at www.k-berker.blogspot.com. It's rathah funny. Melissa is MMM...what a ho. Not really, Mel. You are tizzight. But not as tizzight as Casey, who finally made me my mix CD of kick-ass songs! They include such classics as "Born to Run" by Bruce Springsteen; "Leavin' on a Jet Plane," by Peter, Paul and Mary; "I'm an Asshole"- a very funny comedy song by Dennis Leary; and "Daydream Believer" by The Monkees. Can't beat the Monkees. "Ride upon the wings, of the bluebird as she sings... my shaving razor's cold, and it stings..." I'm not sure about that very beginning part, but it's something about "the bluebird as she sings." Whatever. I haven't gotten my CD yet, because I have to wait until tomorrow (today) to retrieve it from Casey's faraway home in Terranova West.... ANYwho... after Oriental Garden, Kellies and I went to Kyle's abode and watched Billy Madison, and that was such a sweet movie. I don't mean sweet as in "Awww, he filled your room with roses; that's sweet..." but as in, "Dude, that guy falling down the stairs was sweet!" Ah yes, Kyle and I fell down his stairs today and that kinda hurt. After the movie, we played Bond on PS2, and that was tight. Unlike Bev, who is very loose. Well, after that, we went and played "football" in the street, and Kyle and Kelly flirted with each other, and that was fun too! But sadly, Kellies had to leave and so KB and I came up here to create Kyle's blog and look up midget porn. J/k about the midget porn... it was sodomy we were after. ;-) School sucks. I need to get some sleep, so I will finish up with some wunnerful "I have never's." *Ahem* I have never loaded a desk upon a trampoline to hoard acorns in. I have never thought I had buns of steel. I have never run more than 10 miles at once. I have never groped a star-nosed mole until he was "tickled pink." I have never tickled a fancy, nor have I farkled (or is it farcled?). I have never put paper towels inside my backpack to absorb my fluid outpouring during "that time of the month." I have never sprayed Cheez Wiz into Mrs. Kelley's face...yet. I have never thrown a giraffe through a stained-glass window. I have never ordered a half-crazed Mississippi squirrel at McDonald's. If any of you have ever heard of Ray Stevens, his Mississippi Squirrel Revival song is funny. I have never lifted weights while listening to "Macho Man" by the Village People. I have never phoned Korea and asked them to stop the fighting, please. I have never been to Bearkadette Ball. I have never taken a computer speaker and tried to poke out a blind man's liver. I have never punched a drunk in the groin, but I bet that would be fun. However, I have punched one in the arm...we traded hits. That was interesting... Last but certainly not least, I have never committed immoral acts with any article of my sister's clothing. Speaking of sisters and clothing, mine borrows my shirts to wear. She wore my Tobasco shirt yesterday (since it is 2:00 in the morning, and technically, that was yesterday). Is that wrong when a manly, buff, ripped, strong..............scrawny, homely, ugly, smelly, weak high school junior is the same size as a seventh-grade girl? Riiigghht. Well, I gotta jet- I'm tired. I think Kyle is already asleep....excellent. Now I can touch him in obscure areas, and he won't know it. NOT REALLY!!!! Man, you whackos....have a great day. God bless

 Hi-ho diggety. Before I start anything, HAPPY BIRTHDAY, ELVIS!!!! You are 68 years young today! Keep on pumping out those rock-and-roll hits. We love em! Anywho...Man, Mrs. Kelley is a biatch. Melissa and I walked in late, along with a few others on the second "ding" of the bell, and Mrs. Kelley was like, "You guys are late." I was like, "Dammit," and then somewhat quietly (for myself and for those in the class) I said mildly, "But the bell was still ringing..." Then Devil-Woman was like, "Get over here," in the same voice the character Scorpion uses in Mortal Kombat...you guys know what I'm talking about- the one that sounds like the earth is ripping apart and hell is unleashing into your soul. She went on some tirade about how I was being disrespectful, and how if we wanted teachers for future generations, us students had better work on fixing that problem, and how I WAS tardy, cuz I wasn't in my seat before the bell rang, and how I was an overall idiot. Hmm, I have been called that quite a bit recently... Anyways, I sat down, sheepishly (though inside I was cracking up at how stupid she was) and it turned out she didn't even mark me tardy! What a dirty ho-bag with no memory. Well, her husband died last year, so I guess I should feel sorry for her, but I don't! I pulled out an 80 in calculus for the semester! Hooray! Only the hardest class of all time and I have a B average. Party time, guys. Seriously. Everyone who reads tihs come over to my house on Friday night, and bring strippers and all types of fun things (or people) to do. No alkee-hall, though. So sorry. Well, I've figured out what would make my life so so so much better. I need to stop brooding on all the things I don't have, such as a girlfriend, great grades, popularity, running speed, not seeing Andrew or Kyle anymore, good looks, charm, suave, sophistication, not "getting any," and a lot of things that are good. What I DO need to do is focus on the things I am fortunate enough to have in my life: health, somewhat decent running ability, good grades, knowledge of 50 million articles of useless trivia and even things that are useful, good grades, GREAT friends who DO care about me, driving ability, the sky, fun classes, wonderful family, and the hopes that someday I wil find a girl for me. Right. Just learn to look at the good things, and life should improve. I hope. We started stage combat today in theater arts, and I am in a group with not one, but TWO hot chicks. The always lovely Erin, and Holly Olson, who has improved in the looks department since 8th grade. Not to say she was ugly, but she has "blossomed" if I may use Andrew's word for someone that I can't mention right now. He knows who I'm talking about. Well, she is really cute and stuff, and Erin is just like, WOW, and there is a lot of physical contact between partners, so Lord knows I'm gona enjoy this project. :-) Well, Thinkfive calls, so I will jet for now. Peace out, suckas. God bless

 Allrighty, some "I have's" so Kelly Osman will be happy. Here goes: I have thought that kissing a girl's leg would qualify for my first kiss whe I was in third grade. I have been wrapping, and NOT regretted it- only the consequences for my good friend K. I have eaten a fish eye for a dollar, but I never got the dollar. I have flown an airplane and had a mysterious urge to crash it. I have lounged around in my boxers in front of teenage girls who thus laughed at my inadequate endowment. I have been to Mexico and refused a vendor selling my a "sterling silver" necklace for 4 pesos. I have drank dishwasher fluid cuz I thought it was lemonade. I have killed a mockingbird- I know, it's a sin. Well, I think my "never" life is more interesante than my real one. Whatever. I WANNA HEAR YOUR WEIRD EXPERIENCES. The reason that's in bold is cuz no one ever responds to anything I ever write in here, ever. Whatever- gotta jet. God bless.

 Hidee-ho. Well, someone is a little touchy! Just cuz their house got wrapped, they are quite torqued off. Well, we didn't mean to piss her off, and I guess we are sorry. I'm not Kelly, so I don't know if she is or not. And I KNOW I PUT IT IN MY BLOG. Kelly even said I should probably take it out before that person reads it, and I just said, "Nah." I was wondering if they could put two and two together and figure out it was us. But we really didn't mean to "inconvenience" -as it was so put- her dad. And she's right- he is cool. I wouldn't want to make him go to any trouble for us for any stupid reason such as the one we just did. Sorry, Mr. Soul! Sam, you better show that to him- I don't want him to hate me (or Kelly, for that matter). And I am talking to her right now,and she says she is sorry too. Well, this has been one big stinking mess......I'll update later, guys. God bless.

 Yo diggity. Being home rocks, but unfortunately, tonight was my last free night before school. I made the most of it though. First, I...did some stuff. I just blanked out, and can't remember what I did. Well, Kyle and I went to Casey's and saw Mel, Crys, Case, and Drew. Well, we went back to Kelly's and played Crazy Taxi for "35 Crazy Minutes." I downloaded some oldies onto her comp. Ha ha, I hope she likes them. Oh, I neglected to mention yesterday that we had also created a fish soap opera, with characters such as Mackenzie, Cornelius, and Sophie. Good times. Whoa. Deja vu.... OK, she and I are now "New Experiences Buds," and every week (we hope) we will try to introduce the other to a new experience. This week, we exchanged house wrapping for Popeye's chicken. Who knows what's next? The possibilities are endless. I'm hoping she will give me my first blind date; I asked her to set me up with someone -anyone!- regardless of whether or not they go to Klein. If you guys have some input for a chick for me, lemme hear it. PLEASE! My email is at the top of the page. I also neglected to mention that she fondled my sack, and enjoyed it too! My hackey sack that is. See previous entries for a definition of hackey sack. I don't wanna go back to school..... More of gay theater arts (and I don't mean sexually gay, just stupid gay), hard running, MRS. KELLEY (bum bum bummmmm), and more dang calculus. Sheesh. Next year had better be easy, or I'm gonna rape a young child. NOT FREAKING REALLY!!! Gosh, you people will believe anything I put in here.. oh, here's one: Elvis isn't really dead cuz on his tombstone it says "Elvis Aaron Presley." Well, when he was born, his parents were not very smart, and they didn't know how to spell very well, and they named him Elvis Aron Presley. So, theory goes that the real Elvis isn't dead yet cuz they have a different name on the tombstone. Great, huh? It's a true story- really! OK, "I have never's!" Haven't done these in a while. Here goes: I have never made out with a girl while fantasizing about a Pekignese (I hope that's spelled right.) Come to think of it, I have never made out with a girl! I have never eaten patte amd hoped it was discolored cheese. I have never fumigated an entire roach motel. I have never enjoyed sticking my pinky finger into a rhino's mouth, having it be bit off, then sewed back on again in the ER. I have never had a date to Sadie- hint, girls, hint. I have never careened off of a boulder while doing the Macarena. I have never decapitated a term paper. I have never cohorted with Bonnie and Clyde, nor with Jesse James. I have never negotiated a nuclear arms treaty with Iraq and been successful. Three tries, and they still won't ditch the SCUD missiles! I have never, ever, prepared creme broulee. I have never see a real breast. I came close once, but no cigar. I have never complied to the rules of physics while making a tortilla. I have never believed that a sewing machine couldn't bring my pet lizard Bob (he's real! I had him for like 2 days in the summer after 3rd grade or something. I caught him in our backyard). Last but not least, I have never appreciated my life as much as I did this Christmas break, and I hope I never lose sight of how special, lucky, and blessed I am to be granted the life that I do lead. Well, it's late- or early, depending on how you look at it, so bedtime for Bonzo! Yeah, you don't have to tell me- I sounded really desperate for some female companionship in ths blog. But now I'll feel stupid if none of you noticed it and by me saying this I brought it to your attention where otherwise it would have remained hidden....oh well. I will catch you groovy cats later. God bless

 Sup dudes and uh, stuff. I'm finally home! Hooray! I had more fun in WesTex than I thought I would, but hey, whatever. I learned to drive stick shift, which -adhering to popular belief- is more fun to drive than an automatic. It's hard getting started on hills, though. My dad was like, "You just ran into the car behind you and killed their three-month-old baby" like 50 times when I was learning. Lauren Alvarado called today, asking if I could go to NCL with her tonight. For those of you who went, obviously you knew I didn't make it. I woulda liked to go, but I had prior plans, and also didn't get back in town until like 7:00. Oh, and another thing- my mom gave me the wrong phone number to call her at, and I spent 4 hours calling like every 10-20 mins to let her know I couldn't go, and it was the wrong number...sheesh. But i had fun tonight anyways. A lot of fun. Kenneth Charles (K.C.) Adams came over and we played some gee-tar and hung out and listened to NFG and stuff. That was fun, cuz we hadn't gotten together for a while. But later, the party really started. Kelly Michelle Adams (of no relation to Kenneth Charles) and I hung out tonight from like 10:00 till midnight. Since this was the most interesting part of my day, kelly deserves s special section all for our escapades together. First I bought some Reesee's Piecees (yes, I know I spelled it wrong, dimwits) and we were gonna go around the world, but people woulda seen us, and that woulda been weird. So we went to Popeye's and she had a bath, and she enjoyed her first taste of that spicy Cajun fowl. Afterwards, we listened to some NFG in my car (man, they rock!), and then started catapaulting Reesee's Piecees at other cars through my sunroof using the sporks we had from Clog-Your-Arteries-By-Age-24 Popeye's. Then we started trying to catapault them into each other's mouths from a distance of about 10 feet, and eventually we got 2 in each. That was fun. Next, she came over, and saw my huge....backyard. What did y'all think I was gonna say? Geez...Well, she saw that, then we went upstairs and she saw my room and said it was cool. I've never really thought of my room as cool, but hey; whatever. She read my songs, and liked them (yay!) and that was also cool. Hey, my newest song is called Oppressive Parents, and I think it is great. It is pretty much what every teen feels toward their folks at some points, and so it really speaks to people like us. I will show it to anyone willing to read it. Please ask me, so I can show it to you! Well, we then went downstairs and talked some more and ate MORE Reesee's Piecees. Sadly, she had to leave, but then we were on instant messenger, and she said she was going wrapping, but couldnt decide who to wrap. I said I had never been, and why don't we wrap my house? That woulda been cool- my first time wrapping would be my own house. Ha ha, right. Well, we decided to wrap someone else's house instead. They'll figure out it was us once they read this blog. It's not out of spite or anything, just an obvious target and for fun. OK she's supposed to call soon so we can go, so I'd better jet. "I have never's" next time. Aww, I know you're sad, but whining isn't gonna change anything now, is it? Riiiight... God bless

 Hey folks and guys who choke..the chicken. Riiight... Anyway, I COME HOME TOMORROW!!! Yay! Melissa and I are supposedly gonna chill on Monday, and Kyle and I will do the same on Sunday. It's like my birthday all over again! Man, the sky here is bee-yoo-tee-fullll. Lemme tell you. The blazing blue, and ohhh, the sunset today! Guys, God is totally awesome (as you can tell, I've been inspired by the sky) and I have been thanking him for everything in my life, and how good I really have it. You guys should do the same, really. OK, now that I'm done preaching, I have two other weird coincidences to share before I have to get off. I was reading Dandelion Wine- I finished the book!- and Douglas tried to steal some mechanical tarot-card reader, and I was thinking it was like the one in the movie Big, starring Tom Hanks and Elizabeth Perkins. Next thing I know, I go upstairs, and my sister is watching that movie...weird. Another:I logged on earlier today, and I was thinking, "I wonder if Kyle will ever email me like he said he would," and lo and behold, he had. Well, that is my funky day so far. I wil try and update more later. Gotta jet. God bless.

 Yo diggity. That's my new phrase; nice, isn't it? Well out here in WesTex it isn't as bad as I though it would be. The scenery and they sky are awesome, and I've been getting in some great running. But I still miss you people. When I get back, Kelly and I are going around the world at a cost of only 50 cents. Boo ya. We have been riding 4-wheelers, go-karts, trucks, and I've been learning to drive stick-shift. And doing math homework. My god, that part is gay. Oh, I've finished Dandelion Wine. It's not that bad of a book, contrary to popular belief. It is just kinda weird, that's all. There's also been pool, shuffleboard, and cards and stuff. Yippee. Well, my dad says I have to get offline now. I'll update this later if I can. God bless.

 'Ello, 'ello. Boot camp is over. I'm not sure whether to be relieved or sad. It was a great experience, and I had a lot of fun, but I don't want to wake up at 4:20 in the morning everyday. I will miss everyone that I met there and got to know! Except for Kelly- I won't miss her. Ha ha, because I'll see her everyday at school! You guys... Kyle Baker is chock full of protein and meaty goodness. I have a 4-day weekend! "Ha ha," and "In your face!" I say to those who only have a three-day weekend! I get to miss school on Monday to return from N'awlins. Thus I have a four-day school week, a four-day weekend, and another four-day school week, followed by SPRING BREAK!!! Yahhoooooooooo! Yahoo for me and my minimal school skills, and Yahoo for Kellys! Speaking of Kellys, I hung out for a while yesterday with Kelly O. She's so cool! She had an interview for Duke (speaking of royal titles, whatever happened to the Spherical projectiles Club?) and it seems she did well. We "chilled" at Cypresswood Park, and nearly got attacked by two very rabid raccoons. We talked about anything and everything- she is a very interesting person! EMT, calculus grad, having the name Kelly, "schfifty five"... the list goes on. Kelly, if you're reading this; purple, 2, and sheep! Ha ha, corn is good. I wish I was a Mouseketeer... MR. ROGERS DIED!!! Oh my god!!! Where are the horsemen?! Song of the Day is: "American Pie" by Don Mclean. It's a good song, if you' ve actually heard the verses (*ahem* Kelly A...) and most people know what it's about. But seeing as there are many who don't, I'll enlighten you. The Big Bopper ("Chantilly Lace"), Ritchie Valens (La Bamba), and Buddy Holly (Peggy Sue) were on their way to their next concert city, and were gonna take a bus, but it broke down or something, so they rented a plane on a moderately stormy night, crashed, and died. The song is about the aftermath of "the day the music died." "So bye, bye, Miss American Pie... drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry... them good ole boys were drinking whiskey and rye, singing, 'This'll be the day that I die..' " Well, II'm out for now- I'll try and update while in New Orleans. Have a great weekend, and remember this: You won't see Sean even once all weekend long, cuz he'll be far away! Hooray, I know that'll brighten you up! God bless

 Hola and buenos dias to all my homies out there... pour out a 40 for those who ain't with us today... I'm in caclulus (of course- where else do I ever blog anymore?) and it's not too bad. Big Bad Dave's coming into town next Friday and he wants to meet some of you people. We oughta hang out next weekend. This weekend I'll be in New Orleans for Mardi Gras! Yahoo! Oh, wait; I'm going with my family, and no friends, and will NOT make an excursion to Bourbon Street. So why go? I guess so I can meet up with Sam there. That Brit will also be in NOLA for the same reason I am, and we're gonna try and catch each other at one of the parades, most likely Endymion, the best night parade ever (that I'm allowed to go to that is!) And speaking of Boot Camp participants, Kyle Berker and Greg Kelly came this morning for Buddy Day. Greg whooped up on everyone, and Kyle felt rather, well... not like he was not gonna be sick. Ha ha, see if that makes sense. Not a great Song of the Day, but here it is anyway: "What a Wonderful World" by Louis Armstrong. "I see trees of green... red roses, too... I see them bloom... for me and you... and I think to myself... what a wonderful world." Now, imagine that sung by an old black man who has smoked way too many cigarettes and therefore has a super-scratchy voice, and you have the essence of that song. Wonderful, ain't it? OK, I gotta get to stepping- english is about to start soon. Peace out. God bless

 Write in my forum, folks!

 Good afternoon dudes and dudettes. Today was not too shabby. I had TAKS (big joke) then physics for 2 hours, then track for two hours. Easy day! But hw tonight will suck, cuz I gotta do a project for history and calculus and a freaking READER'S LOG for english. Aaaggh! Ha ha ha.. Dead or Alive and their song "You Spin Me Round (Like a Record)"... It's so 80's and gay, it's hilarious. I'm listening right now, and I'm laughing out loud. My track meet is tomorrow for anyone who might like to come see. I am running the 4x1600 (4 guys each run one mile) and the 1600 at the end. But the 4x1600 is at like 4:30, so I encourage anyone to come and see it. Then I'll have someone to hold up my "Go Sean" sign that has never had its power unleashed yet! Woo hoo! It's at Klein Oak, so I'm hoping everyone knows where that is. Come and see me! Popcorn for everybody! I won't pay for it, but you might find some on the ground or something... Ok, before I forget, Songs of the Day, both of which I don't know the artist who sang them: "Jesse's Girl"- this one applied ot my life recently. If you know it, then sing it to yourself. You'll know what I'm talking about. The other song is "(She's So) High Above Me"- wow, I love this one, because it explains the way I've felt about every girl that Ive ever liked, and even those I haven't. I mean, girls are totally divine and beautiful. Seriously, they are great inventions of God and something stirs me deep inside when I think about how wondrous and amazing girls are. Some can be kinda cruel, but that's life. All girls are princesses of God and us guys should treat them like that. Not as objects just to "bang" or to "score with"- pardon my language- but to appreciate and revere. There's no way I can describe to you the wonder I have for females... it's just amazing. Anyways, back to the song. "First class; fancy; free... she's high..society...she's got the best of everything... what could a guy like me ever really offer? ...She's perfect as she can be... why should I even bother? --- She's so hiii-eee-iii-igh, high above me; she's so lovely... she's so hiiigh, like Cleopatra, Joan of Arc, or Aphrodite...---Somehow I can't believe... that anything should happen...I know where I belong, and nothing's gonna happen...." Wow. I would put the whole song, but I'm sure you would get tired of it. I just love it. Almost as much as Chinese food... Well, the chickens are in the coop. I think that means I'm done... Now, get in the kitchen and make me a pie! God bless

 Back again I see, Mr. Bond. Glad you guys cared enough to read another entry for today. Oh wait, you didn't even know this WAS a second entry because it's higher on the page than the first, so logically, you'd think this was meant to be read first... I'll shut up now. I pretty much lost everything in my head that I had to put down, so I'll just do Songs of the Day, becuase it's my blog and I can do more than one, dammit! Here they are: "Going Away to College" by blink 182. No, the b is not supposed to be capitalized. "Please take me by the hand, it's so cold out tonight... I'll put blankets on the bed; I won't turn out the light, just... Don't forget to...think about me, and I... won't forget you, 'I'll write you once I've reached' she said..." "I haven't been this scared... in a long time... and I'm so unprepared, so here's your valentine...bouquet of clumsy words, a simple melody... this world's an ugly place, but you're so beautiful to me." Phew! Ok, next song is "Wendy Clear" also by blink. "Let's take the boat out on the bay, forget your job for just one day... I wish it didn't have to be so bad." "But I'd play with fire to break the ice... and I'd play with a nuclear device... is it something I'll regret, or do I want what I cant get? I wish it didn't have to be so bad... I'll be movin' on..." Wow. Sorry about all that you guys. blink 182 is my all-time favorite band. Yay. I think they should get sperm guards for keyboards. I'll invent one. Not that I'm implying that I need one. Honestly! I'm going to New Orleans this weekend, so I won't see anybody. And I have to miss the Boot Camp graduation party! Man! I hope I can talk to you online, if my grandma doesn't keep kicking me offline. And my track meet has been moved to Wednesday at Klein Oak, for all who are interested. OK, enough blogging for today. Catch you folks later! God bless

 Holy moley, I am sitting here trying to blog, when 50 million and 2/3 conversations pop up and being the nice and courteous, uncouth, gallant, chivalrous, and otherwise not rude guy that I am, I try to answer them all so people don't feel ignored. That's always fun. I missed Kelly's EMT thingy where she had a pretty nasty leg wound. Man, I'm disappointed! I tried to run over there, but it turned out they got done early, and she actually caught me when she was driving home. We dropped off her pics, which I saw today- very gruesome and funny! I tried to make a blog yesterday, but the thing was down. I was just gonna write to say that I didn't want to do a blog. I had a fun bike ride with Katie yesterday. We went everywhere and anywhere in my neghborhood and Colony Creek. We even used those dorky hand signals for when we turned! Ha ha, great stuff. I will finish soon, cuz I need to go drop my sis off at soccer practice. Holler back, young un! God bless

 Buenos dias, mis compadres. I had a good time last night with the Kellys, but the Dollar Stores were closed! How gay is that? But it was ok; we made our own fun by...watching some Seinfeld. I ate a whole bunch at Pho 95, but it wasn't nearly as good as Oriental Garden. Dave, if you come into town and you like Chinese food, I suggest we hit Oriental Garden after the race. I just love it so much! I may be overstating its goodness in others' points of view, but I just happen to find the spicy beef with broccoli really really really really good. Maybe I'm just addicted to it, because as we all know, cat tastes so good! My report card wasn't too bad. My baseball game for today was cancelled. I get to go see Kelly O covered in vomit and blood... this is an awesome day! I shall run by the EMS station between 12 and 5, I think the legitimate times are, in the hopes of catching a glimpse of her as the "victim" of an automobile accident or a savage beating or something. Wowzers. And then tomorrow after all of that "trauma" she actually has to go work in the real ER for 13 hours. Dang, that's gonna be interesting. Dead and dying people everywhere and only YOU can help them. Just imagine that... It looks like such a great day outside today, but as I haven't been out yet, I don't know. My guess is that because of all of the rain, it's going to be hot and humid and muggy. Ugh. Couldn't it just be hot? Or about 85 degrees and sunny? I mean, come on, Neil Frank, send us some weather we can really enjoy! When I get to talking about the weather, you know I've ran out of subject matter. So, the Song of the Day is: "The Best of Me" by Starting Line. "Tell me whatchu thought about when you were gone, and... so alone... the worst is over... you can have the best of me... we got older, but we're still young... we never grew out of this feeling, that we won't giiive up..." And then one of my favorite parts is just a quick line: " We reflect on miscommunications, and misunderstandings..." but it's all in the way he sings it. So, for those two people who know what I'm talking about (Melissa and Kristy) holler back, you all. Ok, I'm going to jet now (whoooooossshhh!!!!) God bless

 Hey folks. I'm kinda tired, so this won't be long. I won both of my events in track yesterday: one and two-mile races. Got the gold medal in both... woohoo! Anywho, cheese is good, and Pho 95 is not too bad. Oriental Garden kicks its butt, though. Sorry, Kelly! Song of the Day is: "Sincerely Me" by New Found Glory. "Dear your name here, it's been a long time (very long time)... seeing less of you... and I bet you never thought I was... so sorry, so?" It's not on their "Sticks and Stones" CD, so I'll have to get the one it is on... Kellys introduced me to it. Yahoo for Kellys! Peace out, folks. I'm out like myself on a Friday night. God bless

 Good afternoon, my somewhat parsimonious friends. I had a blog written in math after school but Mallery's durned computer messed it up and it didn't work. Well, props to Valerie for her helping me with our project! Party time! BJ is afraid to talk to girls...especially British ones... ha ha ha ( Baseball was fun last night... We won (of course) and I did fairly well. Not great offensively, beside stealing third base and home plate on consecutive plays. Defensively, the first time I touched the ball for the season I made an out; an easy grounder to me that I just ran to first base. And the highlight of my night was catching a blazing line drive that I had to jump a little bit for. It was up and to my left- a good hit, but I robbed the boy of it. Hee hee! He was on my team last eyar, and we had both worn our mismatched socks to this game in honor of last season. It was great. Can't really think of anything else right now except how your mom keeps calling my house at like one o'clock in the morning, asking for phone sex. I'll have to stop consenting... Song of the Day is: "Flavor of the Weak" by American Hi-Fi. "It's Friday night, and she's all alone... he's a million miles away... she's dressed to kill, but the TV's on... he's connected to the sound... and he's got pictures on his wallllll... of all the girls he's loved before... and she knows all his favorite songs." Andrew White and I wrote a similar song to the same tune, called "Out on the Street." We wrote it almost a year ago, while on the way to New Orleans to run the Crescent City Classic (which I'm taking him to again this year). Wow... hard to believe it's been almost a year... before I know it, I'll be in college! Aaaaggh! And if Dave has his way, I'll be at A&M!! Bigger AAAAGGGHHHHH!!! The song is about homeless people, and it's rather funny if I do say so myself. Very nosensical... It's hot tub time! Yahoo! Now, if only I had a few very attractive girls to come over and share it with... Oh well. Maybe I will be too preoccupied with my sore muscles hopefully being relaxed. Arrighty, I'm out like a lightbulb that's been turned on too long. God bless

 Mornig, folks. I really should be reading American Childhood right now, but you know me- always one to shirk responsibility. I woke up at 4:45 today, and Kelly was waiting outside, ready to leave. I'm so sorry I almost made us late! But boot camp was fun today- lunge jumps, lots of leg lift-type things and bunny hops and other stuff. Maybe more elaboration later. This was just a quick "hey." I really gotta get going. Blaximius2003 is my hero! God bless

 I can't believe I forgot a Song of the Day! Again! What an idiot...anyways, here it is: "You Spin Me Round (Like a Record)" by Dead or Alive. Ha ha, this was in "The Wedding Singer," (funny movie!) and it's also been stuck in my mind all day. "All I know is that to me... you look like you're lots of fun...Open up your lovin' arms... watch out, here I come. You spin me right round, baby, right round. Like a record, baby, right round, round round." I think it sucks that no one listens to records anymore. That'd be tight if we did! Imagine, instead of a Walkman for CDs, you have a huge one for records... Wow- the wave of the future is crashing down upon us... but me first! Beans and rice for dinner- Cajun party! Yeeahw! We gonna have fun down on tha bayou (pronounced "by-oh"). Peace out, sucks. God bless

 Blog afternoon to everyone. I hope you've all had a bloggity-blog day. My day has been, well...blog. But no one ever knows when the next blog will show up, do they? Ha ha, blog to that! Your mom and her blog was such a blogging blog blog... oh blog yeah... Now that we've dispensed with the stupidness (or have we? ;-) ) let's get down to business. Boot camp today was fun. There was a lot of bear-crawling, crab-crawling, pushups, and some somersaults, along with "chasing the rabbit" and squat thrusts. Oh, and belly-crawls. And almost all of this was in a pit of sand. Kick-ass, I know! It makes you want to get out there and join! You should, folks... it's worth it; and I've only been in it two days! Well, this morning after we dug holes in the sand with our hands (yeah, I forgot to mention we did that; and pull-ups, too) we were in circles, and went around telling name, a little about ourselves, and reasons for doing boot camp. I was the very last one, and people had been saying stuff like, "I've got a wife and three kids; two daughters...etc." Well, I got up and I was like, "I'm Sean, and I've got a three year-old and a two year-old..." and everybody was laughing. It really made my day. :-) Too bad that was at 5:30...the day just kinda went down from there. Ha ha. Well, everyone took the killer pre-cal test today (the one I got a 15 on last year...with a 5-point curve, baby, yeah!) and I hope they did well. I said a prayer for Sam and Kelly again; I hope this one works. Sorry guys, I guess Catholic influence doesn't carry over onto Baptists. I tried hard last time, though; and this time I hope the results will be better. :-) Cheese isn't too bad.. I find limburger mildly repugnant, though. That's a real downer...when there's a cheese you don't like. Ha ha, I may be dreaming this, but I seem to remember in elementary school, people would always say stuff like, "You smell like limburger!" and it would be an insult. Not anymore, though. And in "Rookie of the Year" with the dude that plays Kevin in "American Pie," they use it. Remember, it's the one where the kid breaks his arm and can throw 100 mph, and gets drafted onto the Chicago Cubs? Well, his idol- the pitcher named Chet "The Rocket"- is hurling for the Cubs, and Henry Rowengartner (the boy) yells, "Come on, Chet! Give 'im the high, stinky, LIMBURGER!!!" and all his teammates and even Chet on the mound look at the kid like he's an idiot, which of course he is. Wow. All of that pointless crap from cheese. Wee-hooo! Oh, and speaking of baseball, I have a practice game tonight at 8:15..so I won't get home till about 11...I'm gonna be SO dead tomorrow! I think I'll just stab myself now....ow! That hurt; maybe I won't do it again. Unless you want me to! The lowest bid is 10 bucks... OK, I really need to jet now and read 15 chapters of American Childhood for tomorrow. I'm in for a fun night.... Adios, amoebas. God bless

 Hidey-ho, squirrel-loving marsupials. Sorry, Melissa; no "I have never's" today because I'm too tired and I don't have much time. Assisting fat cats in their execise that they can't do because they're too fat to move.. ha ha, what a concept. Hey, have any of you guys met any non-existent squirrels? I've seen three, and got an autograph and a picture taken with one. Lemme hear your stories regarding such mysterious and elusive creatures. Boot camp was fun this morning. We did 113 jumping jacks, then as many push-ups then sit-ups aas we could do in 2 minutes. I got 91 sit-ups and 63 push-ups. Whew! Hard stuff! But then came the easy part: the one-and-a-half mile run. I only got a measly 8:53. What a slowpoke I am. Not really- that's an average time for me; other people got like 20 minutes. I'm still not familiar enough or brave enough to really start cheering people on, but that's what I'm gonna have to do the rest of the time. Yee-haw! I will try my best to do everything they want me to. The leg lifts were hard because my legs didn't wanna straighten out, so my thighs were really hurting instead of my abs. C'est la vie. Pray for Kelly and me to do well the next two weeks, please! We'll need it! Speaking of prayer and its wonders, I GOT A 79 IN CALCULUS!!! I had a 51.6 at progress reports, and now it's a freaking 79!!! Yahoooo!!! Andrew Simmons had a 79, then asked Mrs. Mallery, "can I have a B?" and she was like, "Yeah." I had a 78, and I said "Can I have a B too?" But she just said, "The ebst i can do for you is a 79." But I was glad with that. Hard work pays off! Try it sometime, you lazy-@$$ people...Americans; sheesh. Mmm, can't really think of anything else right now, so here's the Song of the Day: "What Have You Been Doing Lately?" by Relient K. I swear, their whole CD is going to have been Songs of the Day by the time I'm done... "Pardon me while I throw up... I guess some people never grow up... what happened to the salvation you claimed? It breaks my heart to see how much you've changed, whoa-ooaa; it breaks my heart...to...see...how...much..you've changed..." OK, I'll wrap it up for now. American Childhood followed by grateful sleep calls to me... I'm out like the bellybutton of a newborn... (I made that one up myself. Pretty stupid, huh?) God bless

 Hey people. Just a quick one, because I REALLY need to get to bed before boot camp tomorrow. Song of the Day: "The Teenangst Years" by Sean Murphy. Yes, you read correctly; Sean (me) wrote another song. Here's my fave verse...it's kinda long, so bear with me. "All my 'friends' say I'm the bomb... If that was valid, I wouldn't go pallid... every time I explain my love life to my mom. ... There're girls I'm good friends with; But nothing more than that I fear... If I'm such a lady killer; cool and sweet and such a thriller, why aren't they all over me, always begging to be near?" There's also a part where it says, "I need to talk to Dave from SMYRT," cuz I needed something that rhymes with "hurt." Ha ha, Dave, you're the shiznit! OK, folks, I'm out like... um.... a really, um...slow person in baseball. yeah. That's it.... God bless

 Good morning, and an especially good one to all who believe in transubstantiation. No one writes in my forum anymore. Come on, people, I like hearing your responses! Well, Saturday was...meh. It rained and I didn't have a baseball game. You guys are welcome to come see one anytime- just ask and I'll let you know when and where I'm gonna play. But you'd probably get bored in like the 2nd inning, and want to leave, and I wouldn't blame you. We probably suck. The reason I don't know for sure yet, is because we haven't had a practice before. There will be one today though, so I may update you on my team's suckiness later- not like you'd really care. And my track meets are also available for spectation (if that's a word) but I know no one cares about those either. I worked at Erik's "Fix the Bug" garage sale for about 4 hours yesterday. Some of you may have gotten flyers for it on your cars in the parking lot; he just wanted as much business as possible. I hit plastic golf balls, shot a bow and arrow, and did not make out with any girls. Darn. Oh, and I made a run to Burger King for our lunch, and brought back 10 burgers. "Mmm, burger..." if anyone remembers my Simpsons watch, that's what it says. BJ and I went running, and we stopped at Sam's house and he ate half of her Toblerone bar... oy vey. It was funny though. Sorry we bothered you, Sam. And had you give us a ride back to the park... We didn't expect to stay as long as we did, and so when we tried to resume running, our legs were "blah" and would not correctly function. Speaking of "blah," boot camp starts tomorrow morning at 5. Yippee-skippee. I'm excited for it, but it may kill me... Kelly and I are gonna work through it with all our hearts, minds, and faith in Jesus. I may be a little comatose these next two weeks, so if I fail to respond to any questions or comments, or even a defibrillator, blame it on boot camp. Oh, and for those who were wondering, (and I know for a fact there are some, because people have asked me about it) boot camp is a physical training thing that takes place from 5- 6:15 (I think) in the mornings before school. You run, do push-ups and sit-ups, and all kinds of rough and tough junk. I'll update you more as the "season" progresses. And yay, Kelly comes home today- oh wait, it can't be special for me, because I'm not her boyfriend; Kyle is. But I don't care. She's more fun to hang around than some people have been this weekend. I guess their hearts just weren't in for having a good time. Whatever; I really don't care. I need to perk up today...the sky kinda sucks, so it's got me a little down. Oh! The sunset yesterday was awesome for all who cared enough to look... Oh wait; that'd just be me... I can't really think of anything else to write about that might possibly pique your interest, so "I'm out like the fat kid in dodgeball." God bless

 Good morning. I'm so tired. Boot camp is gonna drain me next week... I hope you all had a wunderbar Valentine's Day. Mine was...meh. Neither good nor bad. "There's someone out there for everyone...I think mine got hit by a truck." Thanks again Dave, for words that only reflect too well what my life is like! Ha ha :-) Roadkill, toothpaste, a "Yanni" CD, a back scratcher, 6 staplers, hair from the store, sunscreen, a cap from a bottle of water, a fur coat, cheese, and a kiss... all excellent Valentine's presents that would win any guy's heart. If only girls would take that to mind and apply it! The list goes on. If you'd like a complete copy to assure yourself a hot dude on your arm next year, just see Sam; she'll hook you up. Supposedly I was on the announcements this morning for us getting third place in the DMR. My physics class is too loud to hear the PA. It's dumb, though, cuz there were 5 teams in that event; two were from Kingwood. We lost to Woodlands, Kingwood, and Kingwood, and we beat Nimitz. They wouldn't give Kingwood two medals, so we got the bronze. Yeehaw. I also ran a 5:09 mile later- I'm gonna break 5:00 this year, I know it! "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me." I went to Starbuck's with Christie, and that was fun. I called the woman behind the counter "Sir" and then tried to B.S. my way out of it by saying that my dad makes me say it all the time...oy vey. But Christie and I had a good time (at least I did, ha ha) and we talked for an hour or so about how there's nothing to do in this town. Fun stuff. Song of Friday/Saturday is: "There Is" by Boxcar Racer. I couldn't really think of anything else, and I remember when I first heard this song, I was like, "Wow," because it sounded like he was so pained, and just sang with so much emotion... and it made me wish I could share the headlight experience with someone; "This vacation's useless, these white pills are kind... I've given a lot of thought on this thirteen hour drive... I miss the grind and concrete, where we sat past 8 or 9... and slowly finished laughing in the glow of our headlights.." I'm so tired... I'm going to bed VERY soon. Class dismissed. God bless

 Man, I'm still disappointed that my excellent blog from this morning didn't register... Today has been a blog-tastic day. It's only third period, and this is my third time to get on here. We had a fun party in math today (still kinda are partying) and had really good cake. I think Mallery loves us now. Yay! Not that she didn't before, but now we're definitely her favorite class. Gotta be. Sandra, you are awesome! Believe you me! I'm hoping I'll get some girl to be my Valentine today- ladies, come on. You're slacking! It's almost the weekend! I'm hoping Kyle and Sam and I (as everyone else is out of town) can hang out this weekend. That is, if she isn't macking on a certain someone whom I am not at liberty to divulge her name. Ha ha, if it was a her, it'd be Kelly Wayland. But really, the guy's name is-- don't worry, Sam, i won't squeal... for a price. Taco salad day at lunch! Yeeha! Anyway, I gotta go. Josie's starting to take up grades. Our tests aren't finished yet, so I may not find out what I got till next week. That might turn out to be a good thing... God bless

 I'm really ticked off. I just looked at my site and the big ole blog I made this morning before school is not there! When I made it, the "publish" button looked differentand was in a different spot,so maybe some glitch screwed up that entry...man, it was a good one, too. Oh well. Catch you on the flip side. God bless

 Hello again- I'm in history class this time. Woo hoo! I'm supposed to be researching Ray Stannard Baker, but...meh. OK, I showed up early and stuff to present Mrs. Mallery with her cake (which is beautiful, by the way- good job, girls!) and she had the indecency to not even be in her room! There were two Hispanic children taking a test or something and they said she'd be back, but the 10-minute bell came and went, and stil no teacher. So we abandoned the cake, hoping Khan wouldn't eat it, and went here to the library. (You'll notice I no longer say "libary" or "pasghetti!") I hope she likes the cake, and we can tell her it's from us. Even Mr. V thinks we're possibly sucking up a little too much. Perhaps he's right.... Christie asked me to be her valentine, so I'm sorry girls, I'm already taken. Ha ha, I doubt she was serious though, so maybe I'm still available. Grrr, baby,yeah. I oughta get off here before I get busted, so I'll see you folks later. Au revoir! God bless

 Good morning, folks. I think Dave sums it up best when he says, "You'd probably have a better grade in calculus if you didn't spend all your time blogging." Dang- profound words of wisdom from the man who told me the best pick-up line ever, that involves a nose, which I will use on a fun Valentine's Day card for someone. It's all in good humor, and I know she'll like it. After I give it to her, I'll post it on here. I don't wanna ruin the surprise. Hee hee... I'm literally laughing out loud right now. Well, first half of my killer test is over- next part tomorrow. Keep praying for me, please! I said a prayer for Sam and Kelly in fifth period yesterday when I knew they were taking their test. Hope it worked. Oh, and Mr. Fanett's excuse for not having their tests graded today? Pathetic. "I ran out of red ink before I was done." Pshaw. Pork isn't too bad- if I ever eat over at anyone's house, though, don't fix any pork unless it happens to be bacon, barbecued pork loin, or barbecued pork ribs. I'm just not a huge fan of that "other white meat." I DO like beef, though. Hamburgers, mmm. MMMghghagaaagahgahh...(much salivation) agahagaammmananahgahaamnmmmm.... Sorry 'bout that (as I wipe the drool off the keyboard)... I know you don't care what my involuntary reaction to good food is. SEAFOOD!!! Oh, baby, I love it I love it I love it! Just about any "comida del mar" I enjoy. Especially crab. And lobster. If ever your mom wants to make something special for me, lobster will be just fine. Any reason she would do that, though- I can't think of one. Song of the Day: "Never Give Up" by NFG. "Doooon't baaaack dooowwwnnn.... I'm over the past; can't you see? Doooon't baaaaack doooowwwnnnn....I don't really care about before- before you met me." Whee. And my favorite part, is when he sings in a somewhat nasal voice: "Is it cool if I see you toniiiight?" I repeat, whee. My blog today has been rambling fun. I enjoyed it. I hope you did too. Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night! God bless

 A hoy-hoy (if you watch the Simpsons, that's how Mr. Burns answers the phone, so if you live in America you would have recognized that right away) to all my faithful blog readers. I'm in calculus....AGAIN. After tomorrow, I won't have to worry about it ever again, though. That is, until Monday. Yeah. Ha ha, I had fun today describing hypothetical (yet POSSIBLE- you-know-who-you-are need to realize that anything can happen- and it just may!) romance situations. Here's an example: They are doing hw, and she makes a calculation error. She erases the incorrect mark from her paper. His hand reaches over to brush the eraser fragments off the paper...and his hand brushes hers. A flourish of excitement shoots up both of their arms, to their faces. They blush... then feverishly start making out! Tongue everywhere! Oh my God!!! And this is where we leave the story... Ha ha, whee... Holy snap, I have to run the 800 tomorrow at my track meet in the DMR (distance medley relay). I'm soooo excited. In case you couldn't tell, that was sarcastic. I also get to run the mile later...that will be the best part of my day. hooray. Sam had better bring me my sign, cuz if she doesn't, I'll run so slow, and fail and lose, and it will be all her fault! Aaagh! Right- I'd better get back to math now. The other students are suspecting something. Ha ha, like Winnie-the-Pooh. "Christopher Robin! I think the bees are s-u-s-p-e-c-t supspecting something..." Ok, class dismissed. God bless

 Aloha, and bongiorno to all of you. I hope you had a good day. Mine wasn't too bad. We had 50 minutes on the track because we got caught playing a game when we were supposed to be running last week...whatever, though. I can't really think of anything right now, except that sucking up to Mrs. Mallery is a good idea. I'm getting Sulli's Junior Women t-shirt to wear tomorrow and Thursday, so by wearing pink, I can get some extra help on my grade. We'll see. Kyle bailed on me for the Crescent City Classic. It's a 10-K road race in New Orleans, and I was really looking forward to him coming with me. You can either walk or run it, and I will run it, and get in the top 500 out of like 17000. Not bad, eh? So I asked Andrew to come, and he said he wants to . If HE can't, then I'll try Greg Kelly. If not him, well... I don't think my parents would let me take a girl, so there's no one else who I'd wanna take. But whoever it woulda coulda shoulda been, I know I'm gonna have a lot of fun... even if it's by myself...*sigh*. Song of the Day is definitely "Teenager in Love." I'm not sure who sang the original 50's or 60s version, but I know Less Than Jake did a cover, so that's who the artist'll be. "If you wanna make me cry, that won't be so hard to do...if you should say goodbye, I'll still go on loving you.....each night I aaaask, the stars up above: Why must I be a teenager in love?" Oh, it only rings so true... Life is kinda complicated; I am studying hard for math though. Please pray for me! Which reminds me; only one of the blogs I read (congrats, "Dave is the shiznit") says anything about God or Jesus. I mean, He is only the greatest thing/person/being ever, and no one has the courage to testify to that in front of their peers. I've only recently discovered His wonders, but how can you claim to believe in Him and stand up for Him if you never try to spread His word or message to others? Come on, people. But hey, it's your choice. I'm not trying to pressure annyone into changing their already wonderful blogs. Anywho, my sis wants on, so I'm gonna jet. Peace out, suckas. God bless

 Good afternoon, all my hizzo's and others. I am in calculus again...shows how much work I do in here, eh? Well, my suicide note went over well today. I am not serious about following through on it- it was just a hypothetical thing. SO DON'T WORRY! Pogs are cool. I played with Erin today in theater arts. That was fun. I won, cuz Erin hadn't played in a long time. So, naturally, with all my practice and stuff- wait, did I say practice? I never practice pogs...yeah, that's it... OK, I have to go finish a free 50/50 point project with Mrs. Mallery. Yay! Peace out. God bless

 Hey- a quick addendum. Sharing baby pics was fun today at lunch. Good times had by all. Something inspiring I heard at the...dare I say it?... Baptist church on Wednesday. Everyone can take this to heart, and love it, too. "Pray like it's up to God, but act like it's up to you." That means to work hard at everything, and pray about it as well, and God will see you through the rough spots...He's a great guy! That's all, folks. Adios, amoebas. God bless

 I can't believe I forgot the Songs of the Day! What a moron I am! Go on, agree. You know you want to. OK, they are " Less is More" by Relient K and "For the Moments I Feel Faint," also by Relient K. The first one has a good part that I like: "Jesus, I pray...take all my mistakes...throw them away...destroy them for my sake." And in the next song, "Never under...estimate my Jesus. You're telling me that there's no hope; I'm telling you you're wrong. Never under...estimate my Jesus. When the world around you crumbles, He will be strong, He will be strong." Good stuff. I need to hear stuff like that right now. My mom's cousin committed suicide the other day. I'm going to write my own suicide letter and post it on my blog next chance I get- it'll either be tonight or tomorrow. Depends on how much time I have after these Pri.-Docs. Speaking of which, I'd better finsh them! Peace out. God bless

 Buenas noches. Just a quick one for today. Sam, Kyle, and Kelly, check your email. Sam supposedly liked her picture- I thought it was rather good, if I do say so myself. Oh yeah, that cuz I drew it. Ha ha Valerie- chocolates tomorrow for sure! Guys, please pray for me so that I do well on my calculus test on Wednesday and Thursday. I really need all the help I can get. My grade is riding on this test. Third period on those days; so about 9:45- 10:45. I also may be wearing a Junior Women t-shirt as well; as I said, I need all the luck I can get, so don't make fun of me... well, I guess you can if it'll brighten your day. I love making people happy. Put stuff (besides flows-not that they're bad or anything) in my forum! It'll be great. Right. Well, catch you on the flip side. God bless

 Correction: yesterday I only ran 9.3 miles, and I arrived at CFBC at about 6 and a half miles.... I feel like such a slacker/ loser. Whatever. Catch you folks later. I hope Sam like her picture. God bless

 Salutations. Tonight was one of the weirdest ever. I wanted to go see the play with you, Valerie; I'm so sorry... I can't express my disappointment in myself with anything but chocolates... hope you enjoy them. Hw sucks... I went running at 10:45 tonight (well, I guess it was last night, cuz now it's 1:20 in the morning) and didn't return home until 12:15. Man, it was the best run ever! The darkness and solitude and stuff...wow. And I went pretty fast, so it felt good. Well, I stopped by CFBC after what I think was about 7 miles, and that was cool. I wanted to see how the non-stop prayer/ Bible readings were going. Everyone there looked at me like I was crazy for having run so far. I think they're crazy not to. :-) After my run home, I think I had gone a total of about 10 miles, but I'm not sure. I'll measure it with the car tomorrow. My best friend hooked up with my almost second-best friend. That's gonna be a great experience for Sean, lemme tell ya. Now I can't hang with both at the same time, because of a little expression I like to call "being a third wheel." But whatever; I'll try and be happy for them, and handle this like a big boy. "Mommy, wow! I'm a big kid now!" Pampers; gotta love 'em. We'll see. I can't help it; I need another Song of the Day! Actually, another two ! Here they are: "The Pounding of My Heartbeat" by Herman's Hermits. "Can't you hear, the pounding of my heartbeat? Cuz you're the one I loo-ooove." It's a neat little ditty form the 60s. Download it or something. The other song is "Baton Rouge" by Garth Brooks. His is the only country music I like. Here's one of my favorite parts in the song: "Hello, Samantha dear, I heard you're feeling fine...and it won't be long before I'm with you all the time; but until then I'll spend my money up right down to my last diiiime..whoa-ho-oooooaaaa, in Baton Rouge." Anyways, it's time to hit the hay; it deserves a good beating after what it did to my backpack. Grrr. Class dismissed. God bless

 What's up, all you crazy cats in black? I just got back from taking the ACT, and it was easy. But now I'm hungry as all get-out, and I can't find anyone who wants to go eat lunch with me. They've all either eaten already (in some cases, twice...Melissa...ha ha) or they don't wanna go hang out with a loser like me. So I guess I'll stay at home (like I did last night-*sigh*) and eat Spaghettios. Life is trite and jaded again... sunuva... Read yesterday's blog. The second entry. The one that has four words. I think it says it all; sums up my life in a nutshell, and are words of advice for almost any situation. Songs of the Day: "Don't Fear the Reverb" by Blue Oyster Cult. If any of you watch Saturday Night Live they had this one funny skit about the recording of this song..."I need more cowbell!" Ha ha. Also, there's "Look What Happened" by Less Than Jake. A good song, I think, and it makes me almost sad, cuz the guy is about to leave his town and everything behind, and he goes on one last tour down memory lane...*sniffle* I'm going now. Who knows where I'll be or when I'll return. Have a good life, people. Praise God for all that He is and has done for you. And if I'm not at school on Monday, then you'll know I've gone to a better place............................................................................................................................................Vegas. God bless

 Four words: "F*cking sh*t." God bless

 Hey folks- just a quick one cuz there's nothing to write about. It is 8 15, and I am home...on a Friday night...as a junior in high school who DOES have access to a car...pathetic, ain't it? Nah, it's just all of my friends (it seems) had other things going on, so Sean gets to stay home and read Calvin and Hobbes books. Hooray. I don't hold it against you people, though; I'm sure you're having a lot of fun, and I hope you're enjoying yourselves. Seriously, I'm glad that you get to go out and have a good time! :-) Huzzah! One other thing before the Song of the Day: Coach Yates was really pissed at us about yesterday, and he had the whole track team sit down in the locker room, and he blabbed about how we were idiots. It was kinda funny at this one part, he said, "You took advantage of the situation...and you took advantage of ME!!!" It was almost scary when he yelled "me," but kinda funny at the same time. Whatever... Since I can't think of any good song right now (and by good I mean one that I do know the words to) today's Song of the Day will be "Thugz Mansion," in honor of Sam. Hooray for British rappers! Sure, class dismissed. God bless

 OK, Song of the Day is "I Think I Love You," either by David Cassidy- the original singer; that 70's stud...- or Less Than Jake, which Melissa prefers. "I think I love yooouuuuuu!....I think I love you, so what am I so afraid of? Afraid that I'm not sure of, a love there is no cure for." That song's been going through my mind all day. I wish I had someone to love so I could sing it to them.... but such is love; empty for some, and others have it so good. *Sigh* Anywho, school is...meh. That's all I can say about that. Mrs. Mallery IS supposedly staying for at least 2 more years! Score one for the Sean-meister! ("The Sean-meister...making copies at the COPY machine..." For any of you who ever watched SNL, that was my Rob Schneider impression. Hope you liked it.) Flabbergasted! Chicka-plah! Kapwiiing! Oh, I rode in Raj's trunk on the way home. It was cool; there was a speaker in there, so I had music, and there weren't many bags in there, so I wasn't uncomfortable. I encourage everyone to take a ride in a Hindu's trunk sometime. It's a great experience. The only bad parts were the sudden stops... I think he did those on purpose. Homework is screaming my name like your mom did last night: "Seeeaaan!!! Oh, Seeaann!!" *Ahem* Sorry 'bout that. But I gotta finish it if I wanna go to orchestra concert tonight, and see my bud Kelly and my other bud Kelly play their violins like nobody's business.Right. Class dismissed. God bless

 Good morning! It's actually 3:40 in the afternoon, and I'm still at school...in math...I have the social life of Robert Downey, Jr. Except that I don't do the drugs. But hey, the dudes in here with me are pretty tight, so don't diss. Raj, Mo, Neil, Krishna, and Big Bad Brad; ballas, holla. I can't really think of anything right now except this: During our thirty-minute run today in track that we didn't have because it rained and so we didn't have a meet, we played Speedball for an hour. We got back, soaking wet and muddy, and we tried to avoid Yates, so we wouldn't get caught and confined to the track. Well, some idiots did get busted, and as I was leaving the locker room, Stupid Darren, as we like to call him, was like, "Congratulations, boys. You just got us stuck on the track for the rest of the year." Whatever...it was worth it, though. It was THE BEST Speedball ever! We'll see- if I'm alive over the weekend, it means Coach Yates didn't kill me. K, gotta go. Class dismissed. God bless.

 'ello, 'ello. I saw George a few minutes ago- he was lookin' good. Like he was ready to take on the world. I'm in calculus right now; themost fun and interesting and HARD course in the history of the world. J/k. It's not too hard. Take it next year- who knows, you may get a new teacher. Grrr... Right. Well, I can't really think of anything to say right now. Just rememebr this: Always give in to peer pressure. ALWAYS. The Simpsons is too much of an influence on my life. No song of the day yet, because I haven't heard any musc yet. Too bad for you. Allrighty, class dismissed. God bless

 Greetings, earthlings. I come bearing gifts from a faraway land... Guys, I'm so sorry. I'm gonna stop writing stupid stuff like that in my blogs. It's just really dumb. Today was not bad- during my five-mile run on the track, K.C. Adams was out there for newspaper taking pictures. So, if you see in the Bearchat a picture of a totally studly, sexy-looking runnerguy with great hair and a six-pack, it's not me. Ha ha. But mine may make it in there anyway; that'd be cool. I have no shirt on, and if I DO look studly enough, maybe I will receive a little extra attention from the ladies this next 6-weeks! Ha ha, yeah baby! Grr! "Holy snap," to quote Mrs. Mallery and I. It was funny, cuz I said it in regards to a test coming up, and she was like, "Yes. Holy snap," so as to reiterate (my new favorite word) the difficulty/ length/ point value of it. Good times. But some big-time bull sh*t is that she may retire (no, not reiterate) next year. That's a load of trash, because all of you people taking calculus next year will have an easier teacher, and thus get a higher GPA and I and the 25 or so others taking it this year GET SCREWED OUT OF A GOOD CLASS RANK BECAUSE OF THAT! Man, it really makes me angry; you have no idea. I mean, I took the dare and took the class with that woman, and my grade has suffered slightly because of it. It's not fair that next year no one else's will. Mediocre grades come with the territory of calculus; it's a fact of life. Damn.... The first Song of the Day is "May the Horse Be With You" by Relient K. It seems I've been listening to them a lot, but I don't care; they're cool. The other Song is "Cristalena" by MXPX. Kyle and I totally dig this groovy tune; and here's part of it that kind of shows our situation a little: "Cristalena, she's in her own world... she's always happy, as a little girl... Cristalena's nice unless she's annoyed...Cristalena happens to like booooyyys; but not me..." And so it goes. Such is life, though. Whatever- it's late and I'm tired. catch you folks tomorrow. Class dismissed. God bless

 Hey you cheese-eaters who enjoy the limburger... Man I'm weird. I know absolutely NO ONE else who would say something like that...but hey,it's all part of my quirky charm, eh? "Occasionally I'll be quirky...I'll be quirky...Albuquerque! They're moving the team to Albuquerque!" The Simpsons is so great... Just a quick "hey" from calculus class. I know I'm gonna do better the rest of the year, starting now. Yay. Well, enjoy yourselves and don't soil your pants in english. Sure... class dismissed. God bless

 Howdy, doody. Ha ha, that's a joke, cuz there was a show in the 50s called "Howdy Doody," and you're supposed to act like whatever I tell you to...ah, nevermind. I'd really appreciate it if you would read my whole blog today- it looks long, but it's got some important stuff that I think you need to see. OK, folks, I'm gonna ignore the advice of certain people and just pour this out right now. They say blogs aren't supposed to be personal, but this is my medium to you guys, and also I don't wanna keep explaining myself. I have been depressed, off and on this year, and I hate it. It only makes me more depressed to be thinkng about it. But anyway, I had a retreat this weekend, and it was fun. I learned a bit, and that's good I think. I discovered that I'm gonna try really hard not to go any further than kissing (making out)and holding hands before I'm married, cuz CHASTITY IS THE WAY TO GO!!! Yahooo! *Ahem* Well, I also learned that my faith isn't anywhere near where it should be right now, and I SO need to work on improving it. Thanks to Kelly for encouragement :-) Also, I'm failing claculus with a 51.5, so that's lowering my mood slightly. But I came to the conclusion that there's nothing I can do to really salvage this six-weeks, so I'm gonna try and have fun with it. I need to take Melissa's advice: "Kick life in the nuts." Ha ha, priceless, Mel. Again, though, the girl situation is a big part of the blues dat I got. I DID meet a girl on the retreat- her name's Kara Collister- maybe one of you folks knows her. She's a sophomore, and she's pretty cute and cool. If you do see her, make me sound good to her- she doesn't have a boyfriend! *Wink wink* But back to the "Down's Syndrome" (ha ha, I crack myself up!) that I get- it seems- once a month. I ain't gonna get asked to Sadie, but even if I do, I heard the dance is gonna suck because "no one will be there." What a load of crud. But maybe Julie's right- if there aren't a bunch of people there, the atmosphere does not condone a good time. Maybe I could make a cameo, then just leave and go somewhere totally kickin'. Ha ha, yeah...........right............... I am so zoning out right now, it's not even funny........... Well, girls are girls and that's all they can be. I'd like to close this paragraph by saying that I'm sorry for inconveniencing anybody while being in my "funks" or making anyone feel awkward, or just being the idiot that I am. Oh, and it feels good to have a rubber band around your wrist, and snap it a lot on your veins by your palm; I did it like 100 times today in physics and my wrist turned really red, and it was just an all-around good time....masochism is wonderful. ANYWAYS- I'm sorry you guys had to read that; any responses, just go to the forum for it. "I am the cheese! I am the best character on the show!" "I am the baloney..." Sam wanted to go into the boys' bathroom today, and it was all I could do to hold her back. Fun times. I think. Song of the day is "My way or the Highway..." by Relient K. It's really cool, and it tells you to follow Jesus. My favorite line is this: "I didn't vote, though I'm not proud- cuz I'm Canadian, and I'm not allowed." Ha ha, man, a classic line. Calculus sucks- and I have to return to doing it now. I hope you guys have a great day. Take time to look at the sky today and tomorrow- it's gonna be wonderful. It's God's daily gift to us, and it shows how awesome He can be! Class dismissed. God bless

 "Kids! It's time to rub Aunt Patty's feet!" "Ugghhhh..." Holy freaking guacamole- first cuts for Standleaders tomorrow! I'm so nervous... even though I already know I'm not going to make it. Ha ha. I mean, 15 teacher votes? Yates left early, Konicki said he voted for me, and Reidel said he would, so that's like, maybe two. Mrs. Harrell and Mr. Cullen left... they liked me. And the other teachers who had me remember me as non-Standleader-type material: small, weak, introverted, book smart, uncool. Pretty much the same as I am now. Ha ha. But really, that'd be awesome if I made it. And the same goes for all of my friends who are trying out. Go Lauren, Christie, Sam, Kyle, Michael and John, Sandra, Julie, and anyone else who I don't think is an A-hole! emehoffman: are ya done yet emehoffman: im like the whiny lil kid in the backseat emehoffman: are we there yet emehoffman: i have to go peepee emehoffman: peepee in the potty Wow, Emily- that's...that's good to know. "How the angels did sing, when she took my ring. Didn't say a thing; just slipped it on her fing...er." My new song. It's about... a self-centered jerk named Clyde who lives in Australia and has to find a wife, and he gets an Aborigine. She can't speak english, so obviously she "didn't say a thing." Duh! Emily Hoffman is way cool. I'm really glad I got to know her this year. Smart, funny (looking), cool, hot, not funny looking, and nice. Definitely something to be proud of. She is... Emily, and that's the only way to describe her. Hee hee... I need something random here... Ahem: "The wonderfully witty wombat made his wife wish she was white with wickets where her wig was winding its werewithal in the water beside a wiggling worm (ha ha, Crystal!) who needed his woman to whack his whiskers off." Wow. Song of the Day is: "The Girl All the Bad Guys Want" by Bowling for Soup. "She's watching wrestling, creaming over tough guys; Listening to rap-metal, turntables in her eyes... It's like a bad movie, she's looking through me, if you were me then you'd be screaming 'Someone shoot me!' as I fail miserably, trying to get the girl all the bad guys want." And my favorite lines goe, "She'll never know that I'm the best that she'll never have," and "She broke my heart, I need to be sedated... all I wanted was to see her naked!" Ha ha very...profound. Well, dirty discussion in theater arts and in english with no Mrs. Kelley today... "The Big Insertion," Houdini, Dirty Sanchez, funnel, White Dragon, shrimp, Buddha, Kelly Special, Rice Krispie Treat, Murphy Manslaughter Maneuver...the list goes on. Actually, that's about it. I need bedtime. I finally finished my 100 confirmation questions! Yahoo! Vaya con Dios! God bless

 "Ooh! Ooh! Can I have a brownie?" "No. They're for after dinner." "Ooh! Ooh! Can I have dinner?" Ok weekend so far. Been painting the frames of the windows outside my home. Gay it is. Yesterday was fun Lauren time, then I got to give Kelly her birthday stuff. I think she liked it. Crazy leopard thing that I did NOT find in a trash can (ha ha, sarcasm there) and cookies and a "Playa" named Stash. Fantastic. We hung out some, and watched parts of "Miss Congeniality." Not as bad as it looks. We hadn't chilled for a while, because of... Kyle. Ha ha, but she should hang out with him more than me. Seriously, it makes more sense. Well, tonight I went to Casey's for her birthday and it was a lot of fun. I got her a nutria-catching kit, which consisted of latex gloves, trash bags, a cap gun with which to shoot the nutria, and ammo for that gun. Batteries not included, although none of those things required batteries. We all played Catch Phrase, Pass the Bomb, Charades, and ate lots of junk food. An overall good time. However, some people are quite feckless... Ha ha. And no more making fun of Crystal! She's too cool for that. If you haven't read my blog from Friday at like 12 in the morning, do so now. Dave's part is very good, and everyone should read it. Please? For me? As you've heard, I've been thinking these past few days. I came to another conclusion even better than the one from the other day. Not only do I no longer have a girl tormenting my mind (at the present time, there aren't hardly any really on the radar at all), but I also don't care. And that is way cool... I just hope I can keep this mentality. My life is just fine without a girlfriend, and I know God will provide when He is ready. Or I may never get one, cuz I could die in a car crash tomorrow. Either way, I'd be happy with His decision. If that should happen however, I want you all to know that I love you so much! I have expanded my "friend circle" a lot this year, and I am ever so grateful. You guys are really awesome, and I only want the best for you. Rock on, folks. Sorry if this hasn't been a super-entertaining blog; I had one all done, then hit backspace at the wrong time, and it all erased. Grrr. But it's ok.. the clowns shall suffer in due time... I just had to let you catch up on the the things that needed to be caught up on. Song of the Day is: "I'd Do Anything for You" by Simple Plan. This has been in my head since Thursday, and I still like it. That's cool. Julie and I sang it nearly 50 million times at the track meet. And I actually sounded good, cuz my windpipe was burned, but now my singing voice has returned to its bad normal self. Phooey. "Another day is going by; I'm thinking about you all the time... but you're out there, and I'm here waiting... I wrote this letter in my head, cuz so many things were left unsaid... and now you're gone, and I can't think straight..." I wanna do the cool refrain, but it's late, and I'm tired, and that's a lot of typing, and you'd get bored from reading so much. But I will do the neat interlude: "I close my eyes... and all I see is you... I close my eyes... I try to sleep, I can't forget you... And I'd do any thing for you..." It really is a cool song- download it. I am sooo tired right now. What I'm gonna do over the course of these next few days/ weeks is a "thanks" paragraph in each blog to all of you, my loyal readers and friends. I hope you'll enjoy them... It'll say traits and stuff that I think are cool and what I like about you and thanks for being the great friends that you all are. Right; well, I need to do the bedtime thing. I have more painting, hw, running (twice), church, church class, church questions to answer, and sleep to catch up on. Pray for me... ha ha. God bless

 "Conflicting feelings inside Duffman- What... would Jesus do?" Good day today. Seems weirdness is gone. Very excellent. And I got to hang out with Lauren Rocco today. That was way fun. As long as I've known her, we've NEVER hung out. But I'm glad we did- she's good at "The Lion King" on Super Nintendo. Bad-A. Kelly A is here and she says she enjoys the smell of burnt onions. Tomorrow's her birthday! Happy Birthday, Kelly! Arrighty, racquetball and fun. Update later. Adios. God bless.

 "Urinal cake: eroding, eroding, eroding... gone!" Track meet today. Weather was nice. I got second place and an 11:06 for my two mile, the worked on a desperately needed foot tan. Dave came in to watch my meet! Huzzah! And 'Nifer and one other girl I didn't know! That was definitely cool. Kristy thinks he's gorgeous. And he says I remind him of a little him, so I guess I'll grow up to be the major player that all the high school juniors want. Why can't I be that now? While I actually am a high school junior? Ha ha, but it's cool. I did a lot of thinking on the long bus ride to and from the meet. So, in accordance with the conclusions I've come to, the Song of the Day is by blink182, but I can't remember the title, and Jeff Black stole my CD last year during speech finals. "I think of awhile ago, we might have had it all... I was so stupid then, you needed time to grow... but now just as things change, as well my feelings do... in time things rearrange; I am so sick of chasing you... But what do I get cuz I just seem to lose? You've made me regret those times I've spent with you... Playing those games as I wait for your call... but now I give up, so goodbye and so long." As I guess you can tell, my feelings have changed. I've come to my senses and decided to not let anything bother me. Being friends is awesome enough. Rock on, Springfield! Let no more weirdness exist! I'm gonna do a little "cutty-pasty" from Dave's blog the other day. I found this to be awesome. You don't have to read it all; it's kinda long, but I liked it a lot. If you ever wanna see his blog, just call your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man. Joshing. Point and click at www.davestheshizznit.blogspot.com. Good stuff. Ok, here it is: "see, we are given life as a gift. nothing we can do can earn or repay the gift. for life is the gift of self. god's own breath gives us life. he, who has everything, gives us something that is his. but we sought to acquire something for ourselves. through our own power. we ate the apple. and god who gave us life had to watch as we took pain and death for ourselves. heartbroken, god watched his gift of life, his very self, defiled. in that moment, christ's first steps to calvary began. and through every person, through every sin, he suffered. he gave a part of himself. his own spirit to give us life. and his own spirit shared in our death. but "god so loved the world that he gave his only son.." christ came into the world. god gave us what we desired most that day in the garden. equality with god. for god became man. and that wasn't enough for us. in our own pride, we desired to be even above god. imagine the humility the lord showed in becoming an equal to creatures so far beneath him. then, the even greater humility he showed by allowing these same creatures to place themselves above him! even unto death on a cross... amazing the love god has for a single soul. as many times as the human race has made a mess of things, as many times as we have broken god's heart, never has he forgotten about us, never were we without him. we expect so much from god during our lives. we want him to give us so many things. but we don't notice that he has nothing left to give. though supremely wise, he knows not how to give more. though supremely wealthy, he has nothing more to give. we too often look at life as something ordinary, not as the great sacrifice and miracle that it is. if life is so small a gift, why do so few give it for someone else? see, the truth is that each of us, individually, were given life, not once, but twice. and all through our lives, we search for other gifts, other things we desire, from god. other things we want or need. but this is foolishness. if we cannot be content with our gift of life, and if we cannot be content with christ's love, what could possibly fill our emptiness that is greater than these? you will spend your whole life searching, and your whole death regretting it if you tried to find out. just let life take you where it will. let christ's love always be your guiding hand. while you have that, you will always have enough. "for neither the principalities, nor the powers, nor the prince of this world, can separate you from the love of christ..." OK, maybe shower, or tomorrow I'll just do the deodorant thing that Dave jokingly does but someone else I can't mention in here really does, cuz if I did say, she'd be mad at me. Ha ha, she knows who she is! have a GREAT one, guys! God bless

 "A town with a monorail is a little like a mule with a spinning wheel; no one knows how he got it, and danged if he knows how to use it!" "Heh heh, mule..." I retract my most recent statement from yesterday. It could have turned out a lot worse. Track meet at A&M Consolidated today. No first place medals for me, because Kingwood's there. Durn them. I will not be online tonight, so sorry to all you beautiful women who I KNOW are just dying to talk to me. Wait, what am I talking about? I must be delirious. Not that y'all aren't beautiful, but the other part.... Ha ha, but don't worry about me, guys. I'm not falling into recession again. Completely different from depression, it is. Recession is only a very small, temporary mood change. I am doing just fine. I turn in Standleader application today! I'm so excited! Wooooo! God bless

 Homer: "Bart, what's the matter?" Bart: "The girl at school won't go to the dance with me..." Lisa: "Bart's got a girlfriend!" Bart: "No. I don't. That's the problem." Lisa: "Bart's got a problem!" Every time I like a chick it ends in disaster... darn diggity... God bless

 "Sir! We've been hit with an officer!" "Then we'll respond in kind... Not me, you idiots, a torpedo!" No time, so only a Song of the Day: "When I'm Without You" by Simple Plan. "Taking my time, trying to leave the memories of you behind... I'm gonna be fine, as soon as I get your picture right out of my mind... I wanna feel the way you make me feel when I'm with you... I wanna be the only hand you need to hold on to... But every time I call you don't have time... I guess I'll never get to call you mine." Gosh, there's this one girl that makes me feel exactly like this. I have so much angst because of it. Aggghh! Angst! Ha ha. But seriously, she drives me crazy ("She drives me crazy, oh ohhh... like no one else, oh ohh... she drives me crazy, and I can't help myself." - Fine Young Cannibal lyrics. Had to interject that; sorry that I couldn't resist. Heh heh.) and, well, it's great and all, but I am not at present with her. Obviously. But I guess we'll see, won't we? Only time can tell. I just wanna hook up with her before summer, cuz in my opinon, that's the most romantic time of the year, and sharing it with someone would be SO great. And only Erin knows who this girl is... at least, it has been confirmed to her. None of you guys know who I'm talking about! Well, except Erin, but I already told you that. Muwahaha! God bless

 "Noo-kyoo-lur. It's pronounced noo-kyoo-lur." Ate a good dinner tonight. Three helpings of jambalaya, 3 glasses of "Raspberry Ice" Crystal Light, two pieces of cornbread, and a bite of peanut butter and jelly sandwich. And I'm still kinda hungry. I could go for a sundae right about now. Tonight I'm going ot do something I ahven't done in quite a while, but when I did it it felt really good, and I enjoyed doing it. No, not THAT, you sickos. I'm going to lay in bed and just read... Oh yeah, I like that. I haven't done so in such a long time, and I miss it. I used to spend my Friday and Saturday nights doing that. Reading. Fun stuff. And Farenheit 451 is a good book. Well, ice cream, then immense literature time. Score! Erin and I ran 10 miles yesterday! We are sooo good. You have no idea. God bless

 "Wait, wait. So it's like DNA... is it a hatchet?" Good day today. Fun running and school. Got to persuade kids to take calculus next year. I also had the unexpected, though enjoyable experience of a person's finger in my ear at lunch. Good times were had by all today. By all... Can't think of anything right now. My creative juices are completely sapped after yesterday's quotation-fest. I hope you enjoyed them; I know they weren't all great, but they made ME smile, which is what counts. Precal sucks! Nyah nyah! You guys are still in precal! Nyah nyah! Oh wait; I'm in calculus... even worse... dang it! Track meet Thursday at A&M Consolidated. Unless you guys wanna spend four hours on the road just getting there and back, I don't advocate that you come. That is, if you live in Spring. All my College Station homies- check it out! It'll be fun, watching Sean do o.k. in the one and two mile races. Just another activity in the splendiferous lives of Aggie students... Not sure of starting time. Most likely around 4:30 or so. Be there or be square. New Found Glory concert May 16!!! Who cares if it's the day before prom? Let's go! Seriously. And it's at the Pavillion, I believe. There is a cool coincidence, too. On the cover of their self-titled album, there is a picture of a ticket stub, and the venue is "Woodlands Pavillion." How neat is that? Simple Plan is cool. I heard some of their songs today, and one I really like. I can't remember it exactly, but Little Lindsay is burning me a CD with some of their songs on it, so it'll be Song of the Day tomorrow. None for today- I'm too lazy. Allrighty, I'm going now. Au revoir. God bless

 "Dad, do you wanna come see my science fair project?" "No, Lisa, *wink* but I sure don't wanna eat this crappy breakfast!" *Wink wink* I went to bed at 9:00 last night. How... fantastic. Yet I wake up at 7 this morning. Que what now? Melissa, that's so awesome that you went and had so much fun. And how nice that it came up so shortly after my question regarding fun. Congrats, and kudos to you. I have hw to do, so I just wanna share some quotes that I made up. I'm in an inspired mood. Some of these you may have seen before or something, but who cares? Not me. Here they all are: "My heart beats faster for three things: running, girls, and those little colored sprinkles on my donuts." "The feet of a chicken are directions to anywhere you want to go- just follow the road map that comes with them." "When you love somebody, it's not a question of what they look like; it's whether or not they can reproduce in exact detail the Mona Lisa ." "If the sky is blue and the ocean is blue, when you color a picture of water and sky, wouldn't it just turn out to be one big page of blue?" "Flowers sure are pretty. I wonder if they know that?" "Tomorrow is just another day. The same could also be said for next Thursday." "People live in houses. Animals live outside. If that fact were reversed, I got first dibs on the big oak tree at the park!" "Men and women are really no different at all. I mean, just disregard the body hair, bone structure, hormone levels, personality differences, sports ability, brain power, genitals, hairstyles, painted fingernails, clothing selection, roles in society, the words 'man' and 'woman,' occupational preferences, and knack for problem-solving, and we're virtually the same." "The time of day is never four o'clock when it's actually seven-thirty." "Most lions eat other animals. It's those other animals that really get screwed over." "Love: it fogs my mind like the mist on my bathroom mirror after a shower." "When people wash their hands, they most likely are not thinking about saving the world." "Computers are great, but porn is immoral. What then is the point of having a computer?" "When someone fixes their hair, they're trying to look nice. So messing it up is not exactly doing them a favor." "Falling in love is like falling off of a cliff: There's that sudden rush of exhilaration, a 'floaty' period, then a huge and rather unwelcome splat at the end." Last but not least, "The universe works in mysterious ways- the more you think about it, the less you care." I hope you enjoyed my words of... well, I can't exactly say wisdom, so I'll say... effervescence. I don't know what that means, and I may have spelled it wrong but I don't care. Feel free to post any of these on your own blogs- I want publicity for my work! Just remember, these are copyrighted sayings, so my name has to be mentioned whenever any of said quotations is used. It's all part of my multi-million dollar contract with Sony; Section 11b, paragraph 9, subsection 4, sentence 2. Well, homework all day today, interspersed with baseball practice and a 10+ mile run with Erin. Yay, Erin! You are the bomb-diggity. Heh heh, um, no I didn't just say "bomb-diggity," why do you ask? Ha ha, I'll see you later! God bless

 "Homer, the kids are trapped in the school under 50 feet of snow! How will they get home?!" " I dunno... the Internet?" Girls are really cool. I know I've said it before, and I've also said the contrary. They are totally neat and stuff. I think I've nearly returned to normal, cuz now there's three chicks that I am sort of simultaneously focusing my attention toward. They are all totally awesome, and I wouldn't be sure what to do if one liked me back because I'd feel like I was betraying the other two that I also sort of like. Very confusing. And it's kinda neat because they all share one common bond that is really cool; but if I said it, I might give it away. So sorry. I'm tired, and it's 8:25... how dumb is that? It's Saturday night- I should be out carousing. My new favorite word: "perspicacity." All in Mrs. Kelley's class should know it. I need to go now. I just do... bonfires. Bonanza. Bong. Bonbon. Bond. Bonk. Bones. Splendiferous. Nighty night. God bless

 "Aww, I don't wanna visit the museum. Unless... they don't have foosball at the museum, do they?" OK, thanks Melissa for sharing this link: it's um, well, interesting to be sure. Maybe one of you girls (or maybe even guys- that's how scary this is) could be the "Tinkerbell" that this poor man so fervently hopes for. For a luagh, or if you just wanna feel sorry for someone, check this out: http://pixyland.org/peterpan/ . Friday was...good. Not much accomplished at school. Hooray! I didn't have to go see a stupid play because my theater arts teacher said the school's preview of Hamlet was enough. Score one for me. That saves me a whole night of boring thespian activity. Last night after we watched Kyle and Kelly A be lovey-dovey for too long, Kelly O and I came back to my house and sat in her car and just talked for like an hour and a half. Ha ha, we only stopped there cuz at about 12:30, my mom was flicking the upstairs lights like, "Hint, hint, Sean. Get your butt inside." But I have to admit, it was one of the best and most enjoyable conversations I've had in quite a while. Yahoo for Kelly! Which brings me to my next point: don't smoke crack. Here's a good question for all of you out there. Can you remember the last time you really had fun? I don't mean "good times" or something funny that happened, but the most recent time you genuinely had fun? Mine was 2 weeks ago when I played soccer and stuff with the SMYRT bunch from A&M. But before that... nothing. The only other thing I can think of is Homecoming. That was WAY too long ago. Guys, let's set something up that would be really fun. I don't remember who it was, but I was talking with them about starting a dodgeball tournament. We could do that- and it would be better than the seniors' kickball tourney. I don't know. Or just something fun among friends, that doesn't involve the whole school. Post ideas in my forum. Now. Here's where I need a random observation about life: My, how the trees are green today. Maybe the sylvan (vocab word- look it up) nymphs and creepy elves spray-paint them every night to make them green, while their true colors are lavender or another gentle pastel. Gonna be at the varsity track meet today. All day. And I'm not even running. All of the idiot freshman were too gay to be "hurdle bitches" like they're supposed to be, so I volunteered. I'm a freaking junior- hurdles are no longer in my repertoire... I am gonna try out for Standleader! Yahoo... Kelly O says that everyone who made it last year changed. Everyone . They became self-absorbed and clique-y; no longer the true friends they used to be. I hope if I make it -and that's a pretty big "if"- that I have the maturity not to be a jerk. I so wanna make it, but I would not like to become "Fag of the Year" (who could beat... up your man. Sorry; Weezer lyrics) and forget my roots. Also, I hope any of you who are reading this and are also trying out feel the same way about yourselves. However, I have the eerie feeling that all my friends will make it and I won't, and then they'll become those people aforementioned, and I'll be totally left in the dust. We'll see... so many changes next year, so many changes... Yes, Salvation Army is the best store in the world. I haven't been in a while- I need to go back. Anyone who would like to go on a Salvation Army outing with me, give me a holler. Song of the Day is: "Leaving" by The Starting Line. "Let's travel back in time... 2/12/99... at the stroke of midnight... holding you tight your body and mine... in February... few scenes from my life or moments mean more to me than our fine night... remember like yesterday... Please don't leave me... without saying goodbye." OK, I guess I'll go now. I think I've exhausted my topics of conversation for the moment. Ronald Weisenheimer. I'll see you people later. Remember, my forum is always open for questions and comments. Gimme a call later tonight folks- I wanna get out and DO something! Oh, and about Friday and Saturday nights: Whenever I go and hang with people, we never start doing anything until 8, 8:30 or sometimes even later. For a guy with an 11:00 curfew, that presents limited possibilities. So, let's try and hook it up maybe between 6 and 7, perhaps? Just a suggestion... God bless

 *Silent Alarm:Activated*..."Ohh, that's muy picante!" Well. Track meet tonight. It was much anticipated. I went to bed last night, full of adrenaline, thinking, "I'm gonna break five minutes in the mile tomorrow!" Speaking of last night, our power went out at about 8:30. My sis was in my parents' bedroom getting a flashlight. As she emerged, she was unaware that I was waiting in the pitch-black hallway. "Rrroooaaarrr!" I yelled at her. She screamed bloody murder... Speaking of my sis; Sam, I'll bring a pic of her to show you tomorrow at lunch- you wanted to know what she looked like yesterday. Well. Track meet tonight. It was much anticipated. First of all, I'd like to thank all of my wonderful friends who showed up to cheer me on. Mad props to y'all. You have NO idea how much your cameos meant to me... last year I could have maybe gotten one person to show. Maybe. But thanks so much to you guys who came- Erin (Don't front, girl!), Sarah, Kelly O, Margaret, Christie, and especially Sam. I didn't think she was gonna make it, but the infamous British Spy was way cool and decided to come. Sorry for the wait before my race, you guys- I had no idea when I was supposed to run! But thanks again- the running up and down that stretch while motivating was awesome. Well. Track meet tonight. It was much anticipated. In case you couldn't tell, I am stalling at giving you my results from my race. I got first (yahoo!) and will therefore be on the announcements tomorrow. Howvever... however, I did not break five miuntes. *Sigh* I got a 5:06. Pathetic. Not really; it's good, even for me. I am proud of myself, I guess. I just need to realize that first place for what it's worth - don't worry about the time. I can always break 5 later; I won't always get first. So, in conclusion.............. HOORAY FOR LIFE!!! God has made my life wonderful, and I am SO going to enjoy it as much as I can. But you've heard this before. I'm gonna relish the fact that although I did not achieve what I had set out to do, I still did one heck of a job trying. And Sam said I was her hero. I mean, what else could I have asked from this event? If only I could have eaten some grated mozzarella cheese... with Chipotle Tobasco... oh yeah, baby... Well, I know you love me (And I love you all! So much more than most of you will ever know!), but I need my sleep. It IS 11:00 after all. I had this blog nearly done earlier, but checked out a different website and lost everything I had already written. Diggity. Well, Thanks again to everyone, and: "Good morning. And in case I don't see you, 'Good afternoon,' 'Good evening,' and 'Good night.' " Piece of Christ be with y'all. God bless

 "But how does the unicorn breathe? There's no air in space." "No, but there's and Air and Space Museum!" Not much to say today. I enjoy my lunch, I really do. I think the best friendships of the year are always made at lunch. Melissa, Casey, Julie, Katie, and occasionally Kelly and Sam: thanks for the great times. Teddy graham basketball, laughing for no apparent reason, Mel's funny laugh, shaking of the Dasani water as if the carbonation would make it explode, Christmas presents, conversations in Spanish with the janitor, memorizing the lunchladies' names and personalities (Siggley is no more! Marisol Martinez rocks my face off!), always cutting in line, "I didn't mind!", so many crispitos and fries, constantly scaring Kelly just by saying hello, occasional "C" lunch with Andrew and Crystal, me always on my knees until Paul and them finally got the hint that I wanted a seat and thus moved over one, getting extra Mr. Pibbs, Pringle sandwiches, inside cereal jokes, fun walks back to class, empty bottle soccer back to Kelley's room, Penelope, stretchy and nasty Penelope, quiz discussions, extreme randomness, a million inside jokes, and oh so much more... I love life! I've decided that it is definitely something worth enjoying, and I will do my best to live it as awesomely as possible. I love having fun, so I am going to try and bring back the randomness that was so key to my good times last semester. Song of the Day is: "Hit or Miss" by New Found Glory. "Maybe it's for the best... maybe it's not for anything... it wouldn't be so bad to take this right from me... No more long rides home, no more of your station... I didn't like it anyway... Remember the time we wrote our names up on the wall, remember the time we realized 'Thriller' was our favorite song?... Have I waited too long? Have I found that someone? Have I waited too long... to see you?" Hey, I like it... Track meet tomorrow. I am sooo psyched for it. Breaking five minutes will definitely be something for me to remember. I mean, it's the last "minute" barrier I will most likely ever cross. 4:00 is just a little insane... But everyone please come to see me! At Klein Oak, I will run most likely about 7:00... around that time- there's no guarantee. But fun times it will be. I hope never to grow up to be a serial rapist. I hope never to be shot. I hope never to kill someone I love. I hope never to grow old, when I would not see any of you ever again... I can't think of anything right now, and I know you're probably bored from reading a bunch of inside jokes, so I'll let you go. Have you ever noticed that when people are on the phone and say, "Well, I'll let you go..." it means that they are actually the ones who are eager to get out of the conversation? It ticks me off, cuz it means they are too lazy to come up with an excuse to get off the phone, so they act like it's your fault they're still on. Whatever. Adios. God bless

 "Marge, just the satisfaction of helping out others less fortunate than myself is all the thanks I et cetera." Don't you hate it when you have to pick your nose, cuz you know there's this huge booger hanging in there (occasionally flapping back and forth when you breathe) but you can't cuz there's people watching you? It sucks. I always do the "Repetitive Nose Rub" as if my nose itches, hoping to dislodge it before anyone notices, especially a girl. I mean, you can't just stick your finger in there- it'd be too obvious. The predicaments I get myself into... I guess I could just do what happened in physics about a month ago: Elizabeth McClung looked over at me and was like, "There's a huge booger in your nose." Funny as it was (and it was, believe me- not embarrasing at all!), I got to go get a kleenex and stick my finger up my nose and it was cool with everyone cuz they knew what the deal was. Very fun. Today will be a random day, cuz life is certainly worth enjoying. Seriously, guys. If you let trivial things take over your mindset, it can lead to problems. And I should know! So just occasionally take the time to just think about how well things are going, and just have fun with yourself. I don't advocate that "Live every day as if it's your last" maxim because if I did that, I'd be 364.836 pounds overweight from eating so much ice cream and candy and potato chips and seafood and Spaghettio's and Twinkies and cake and Nutter Butter cookies and french fries (which originated in Belgium!) and chocolate milk and pie and carrot sticks and CHEESE! I'm so hungry... Song of the Day: "Sucker" by New Found Glory. "Music low... we're all alone... being wrong never felt so right. Tell me about your first kiss... tell me or have you already forgotten it?... Tell me about your first kiss... what do I have to do to get through al of this?" Yay. A good one- I do like it much. Ha ha, I only just now remembered "If you were a booger I'd pick you first." Second-best pick-up line ever, if you actually try it. I put it on a friendly Valentine's Day card, saving the masterpiece for something that really counts... "If I was a squirrel and you were a tree, could I climb you and bust a nut in your hole?" I'm so sorry I wrote that- thanks a lot, Dave! Now everyone hates me! Man, I'm never that dirty... oh wait, sometimes only around Mo. Here are some long-awaited "I Have Never's" making a comeback by popular demand. Maybe just by Melissa. But since Melissa is way cool, I'll give in to her demand. I may be a little rusty, so bear with me. I have never touched a phone line in the hopes that I'd get shocked and become super-fast like the Flash. I have never taken a possum to the zoo- not to turn it in, but as a day of fun, buying it cotton candy and cokes and ballons and stuff. I have never been on London Bridge, let alone when it was falling down. I have never squirmed through an air duct to spy on the girls' locker room, as in all typical teen movies, including, "Not Another Teen Movie." I have never likened myself to a Tyrannosaurus Rex. I have never taped my biceps to a motocycle, trying to "put tha powah" into my arms. I have never felt so stupid doing this, because these are coming out totally lame. I have never found cheese to be disinteresting. I have never advocated throwing squirrels into random blenders. I have never yearned for summer harder than right now. I have never NOT wanted summer to come harder than this year... I will miss so many people. I have never pronounced it "noo-kyoo-lur." I have never tied up my sister with the phone cord and gone through her closet, trying on all of her pretty dresses... Whoops. Ok, that's enough for today. Gimme some beef on my forum! It's been awile since I've heard from, let's see: Katie, Kristy, Sam, Paul, Todd, and... oh wait- I think that's all of the people who have ever signed my forum. Mel and Dave are doing ok... Whatever. I'm sure you're getting pretty bored now, so I'll let you go. I hope you had as much fun reading this blog as I did writing it. Bon voyage, and au revoir! God bless

 "The leprechaun on my shoulder told me to burn things!" ...then later in the episode, "Aye, you know what you must do, laddie! Burn them- burn them all!" I figured this one was fitting, seeing as it was St. Paddy's Day. Just taking a quick break from notes to shower, then more notes and math hw. Yay... I have so many Simpsons quotes that I wanna share with y'all, but I can only do one an entry... Aw, what the heck- here's some more. "As my father used to say, 'Sooner or later, everybody gets shot.' " "Look at him over there... eatin' that apple... what's he thinking?" "We're here, we're queer, and we don't want any more bears!" And last but not least: "Ahh, the strongest muscle in the body is the heart..." "I though it was the weiner. I saw a guy on TV lift a can of paint with his." Ha ha, ok, done for tonight. I'll catch you guys tomorrow. Hasta la vista... payday. God bless

 As Homer and Ned Flanders are driving in a snowstorm to rescue the kids from being trapped in their school: *Thump thump* "Homer, I think we hit something!" "Ha! I hope it's Flanders ! Ha ha ha wooeee-- ohhhhh... Heh heh, you're a good guy, Ned." Track and even the rest of the day was suprisingly good today. Ha ha, and I saw someone whose face was even more tan than mine! But it gives them a "rugged outdoorsy" look. Like a true professional skier. Very sexy. Ok, my track meet is on Thursday this week, at Klein Oak. I wish it was closer, but it's not. It was gonna be at Klein, but the track is still all torn up. PLEASE go!!! It will be a record-setting event. I am SO going to break 5:00 in the mile. I'm so excited! Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Sorry. That is my giddiness ex-caping. But please, if you can, I'd really appreciate you coming. That would be way cool. Song of the Day is: "Up and Go" by The Starting Line. "Here it goes, and this won't take long... just let me dedicate a song, to a girl who'd turn this boy to stone... And you know who you are; she doesn't have a car, or the time to be in love with me..." It's a cool song... almost rings true. Well, I really need to get to work on my pages of math hw, and history notes. Have a good one, guys! Keep Thursday open! Piece of Christ be with you. (That's a Catholic joke, so if you don't understand, don't worry! :-) ) God bless

 "Duffman is thrusting in the direction of the problem!" Ok, just a quick command for all of you to follow- since it IS St. Patricks' Day, let's all talk in Irish accents tomorrow. All day. Even to your own families... that is, until your dad tells you to shut the heck up before he turns his ring with the stone facing the palm and smacks you upside the head. Ha ha, but that only happened to me once. And I'm seriously not joking. But it's all good. I may be a little messed up in the brain because of it, but at least I no longer ogle the Abercrombie and Fitch guys and start to- wait, what now? Ha ha, you could, uh, forget I said that last part. Allrighty, just remember: Irish accents tomorrow. "Top 'o the marnin' to ya!" To your teachers, too. Hee hee, who can imagine Mrs. Kelley's reaction to something like that? She'd blow a capillary. Never divulge the secret recipe to those Communist pigs! Never! OK, bedtime for Sean. I know it's only 8:45, but I need my booty sleep. Seriously, my butt is the fattest part of my body. Not firm at all, like you'd expect. Very strange. You could touch it if you don't believe me. Just ask, I'd be happy to oblige. God bless

 "In your face, Space Coyote!" Just to be an idiot because I have nothing else to write about, I'm gonna do a wish list of things that would be so cool if they happened. However, if I did have everything I wanted, what would be the point of living, as I would have nothing to aim for? But whatever- this stuff would really make my day: I open my wallet, and there's $1000 in cash... I own that Beemer that I drive and never have to pay insurance, and I can drive it whenever and wherever I want... I have the fashion sense of Donatella Versace, but not in a gay way... I have a bajillion friends, and only one or two are superficial... I can run a mile in under four minutes... All of the girls at school can see my six-pack all the time (I mean, only a select few have seen it- I can't go around my classes lifting up my shirt, now can I?)... I can play my guitar amazingly, instead of totally sucky like I do now... I have the long, shaggy, sexy hair I've always wanted that the girls just absolutely flip over... I can bench press more than my weight... I have quite a few totally hot, intellectual, and funny girlfriends... I have the perfect relationship with Jesus!!!!... I can control the weather... I can fly (hey, as long as I'm dreaming!)... It is nearly eternal summer... I only have to go to school once or twice a week, so I can see all my friends... I have access to any and all seafood I'd ever desire... I can do whatever I want, whenever I want, and never have to worry about the consequences... Last but not least, I never have to lose anyone that I love- and that includes all of you faithful readers! OK, that was mah list. Mek one of yor oon; I'd lick to rid it soomtime. Adios, ya bonnie wee lads and lassies. God bless

 Homer is in bold, Lisa is normal font: "Come on, Lisa- cheer up. Pretend it's your birthday." "It IS my birthday!" "There ya go! That's the spirit! Now, what do you wanna do today? Anything you want." "Well, the book festival is in town..." "Aaaanything at all!" Chuckle... Ok, I know it may seem long, but for those of you who haven't yet (if you were out of town, or just plain lazy) read my blogs starting from last Sunday. I think that was it. The one that tells about the Bayou City Classic and the beginning of Spring Break. I just want y'all to know how my break was. I can't wait to hear all about yours! No one cool except for Erin is online right now. I shall blog. Oh wait, Dave just got on after being gone for a million years (give or take a millenium). Erin and I went on a long run today. It took two hours cuz we had to be goofy and stop at our friends' workplaces. We ran for almost an hour and 15 minutes though, so that is cool. I love my kick at the end! I'm gonna measure the distance tomorrow with the car... I went to Andrew's hizzouse tonight for his dad's birthday. I ate a lot of seafood... Andy's 'rents wondered how I could pack it all in. I'm just that good, I guess. Casey came too, and Mitchell gave her a pretty flower. Oh man! And he kept yelling about "He has three balls!!" and "Nuts!" and all this goofy stuff about the dude from Austin Powers. It was hilarious. His 'rents were pretty angry, considering there were guests over. This one lady was soooo drunk, but it was funny. She was exactly like "Drunk Girl" from Saturday Night Live. Crazy, it was. So we all three went to Kroger at 10, and intercepted kyle's McFlurry meant for Kelly. She got it eventually, and thoroughly appreciated his thought. Awww, what a sweet boy... Hee hee hee. Oh, and Kelly, if you're reading this, nevermind about the question. It was more of a spur-of-the-moment type thingy. No es importante. Tomorrow is the last day of Spring Break. WAAAHHHHHH!!!! I'm so crying right now...... the whole day wil be spent doing homework and baseball practice. Dang it all! Well, I hope you gusy had as much fun on your break as I did. Finally staying in town was good, as I got to see all my friends. Yahoo! Except there were a few, who when not ignoring me (Dude- you know I'm kidding) I did not get to see, due to them being really busy, at Vanderbilt, at Marble Falls, skiing (Katie, I hope you did try at least ONE black diamond), or... napping. Ha ha, but it was great anyways... wouldn't change a thing. Oh wait, except the darn depression and the fact that I had homework. And speaking of skiing (no I'm not- that was like, two sentences ago, moron), Sam, dear, it's spelled "mogul." Not moggle, or even Muggle like Harry Potter. Mow-gull. Oh! And you'll have to tell me all about skiing with qoute-unquote "gorgeous Paul Tilton." I wanna hear of your exploitations! Just like I can't wait to hear about the news of a certain Simon. Song of the Day: "Boy Crazy" by New Found Glory. "Some girls are crazy... just listen to what I have to say about it... You gotta watch out for the beautiful ones... they'll twist your head right off of your neck... they target you with their eyes, and move with their lips..." "This song... goes out to girls... that we haven't met just yet... This song's... for stupid girls... who think that every boy is all about them." Boy, have I known quite a few of THOSE girls! Sheesh... Ok, I guess I should stop now. I will leave you with a quote that I myself made up tonight. It was in my away message, but too great to be left for only a few to have seen. "How can I compare thee to the mist on my bathroom mirror after my shower? Ahh, love- how it fogs my mind..." I thought it was cool. Lemme know what y'all think in my forum. Also, lemme know if I should bring back "I Have Never's." It seems the only cool person anymore is Valerie, because she posts in my forum. Yahoo for Valerie! That's all, folks. God bless

 To the tune of "I Get Knocked Down" by Chumba Wumba- "I get knocked down, but I get up again. You're never gonna keep me down... I drink a whiskey drink, I drink a vodka drink... and when I have to pee, I use the kitchen sink... It's the song that reminds me I'm a urinating guy!" Hee hee hee, crazy Homer... OK, I was working on my 100 questions that we're supposed to do for confirmation, and I stumbled across these verses that I had notified like forever and a day ago. One in particular I like: Galatians 6:2, 9-10. "Bear one another's burdens, and so you will fulfill the law of Christ." "Let us not grow tired of doing good, for in due time we shall reap our harvest, if we do not give up. So then, while we have the opportunity, let us do good to all, but especially to those who belong to the family of faith." Wow, it's like it speaks right to me. My new obsession with helping people out, and putting myself at their service (which I hope never fades) is dictated right there. How cool is that? I just heard a huge car accident through the open window in the computer room. A horn, screeching, then lots of crunching. I can barely see the cars and people standing around on Chamions Forest from in here. Man, car wrecks suck. Song of the Day before I get back to my hw: "Praise Chorus" by JEW. Jimmy Eat World for all of you uncultured swines out there. Just joshing ya... "I'm on my feet, I'm on the floor, I'm good to go... all i need is jut to hear a song I kno-ow... I wanna always feel like part of this was mi-i-ine... I wanna fall in love tonight." Yes, yes I do... OK, Sean REALLY needs to get some work done, because he needs a nap before running, and also if he wants to go out tonight, he's gotta make it look like he's done SOMETHING today... Adios, amoebas. God bless

 After a huge log rampages through Springfield on its downward-sloping course to the sea: "Now, log: return to me...... Oh, that's right. I don't have super powers... just yet." Gotta love The Simpsons. I'm thinking of starting every blog with a Simpsons quote, if that's ok with you. Well, even if it's not, I'm gonna do it anyway. Suckers. Valerie, I'm sorry, but I had to laugh at your post in my forum. You only just figured out what "Shizzon's Blizzog" was... hee hee hee. It's all good though. At least you've got me whooped in math! Well. Track meet yesterday. Yessir, a track meet. Yup yup, fun stuff. OK, fine, here's the story on the breaking-5-minutes-for-one-mile-in-track drama for the season: It was a lovely day at Turner Athletic Complex in Humble, on March 14, 2003. The sun was out, the girls were fine, and it seemed like a great day for a race. Come 2:00, and race time is nearly upon us. I step up to the line for the one-mile run, hoping against hope that I'll run under 5 minutes. There is a strange stagger start due to the large number of people in the race. The varsity have just finished their race, all of my teammates running under 5:00. Pressure's on... *Bang,* the gun goes off, and this dude right to my right cuts me off, and I have to slow up for just a few seconds while I try to negotiate my way into the pack. Stupid Kingwood guy... Well, I get though the first lap at 75. Not good enough to break 5:00. I think I actually go even slower the second lap, as Erin says I came through at 2:35. OK, 2:35 times two is... 5:10! Not fast enough! I pick it up, and start passing one or two guys... I'm not worried about place in this race. I'm racing against myself to break 5:00. I come through the third lap at 3:53. One lap to go, and I need to run a 66 to get a 4:59... I start hauling butt on the last lap, and passing people like a mofo. Now I'm actually a contender to place in the race, whereas I'd been running near the middle/ back half of the pack the whole time. I round the last curve and head into the straightaway, sprinting, but I don't think I'm going as fast as I really could be. I cross the line in 5th place, very tired, but not exhausted like I should be. I recover off to thr right side of the track- all the coaches and everyone else is on the football field in the middle, getting results. I head over there after a breather and walk over near to where Coach Yates is standing. Kyle Drugan is there, checking out the times, and I think I already know the answer to my question before it is asked. He tunrs towards me, and with a sympathetic smile on his face shakes his head no. "You were really close, dude," he says. Of course I was. 5:02. Dang it... Ok, that was my engaging story of my feat of running semi-briliance. However, I can say that not making it has made me wanna push even harder. If I hadn't gotten cut off at the very beginning, who knows? But I now know that breaking 5:00 is in my reach, so next meet, I am going to give it all I've got and totally get a new PR... one under 5 minutes to be sure. And oh my god!!! The next meet is at Klein!!! You guys can come see me do it! Wow, that would be totally cool if I had all my buds there to cheer me on to a new personal best. And finally, the "Go Sean" sign will work its wonders in all its glory! Yahoo!!!! Yesterday was fun... swimming at Casey's house. Lots of well, how should I put this? "Dirty" talk and actions. I had not idea that when 5 teenagers are left alone in a pool that there could be so much groping and flashing and "humpback whales" and rather immoral words and goings-on. But whatever. Though it went against my moral code, I had fun anyway. Ha ha, Mrs. Smith doesn't know about the cereal. And neither will anyone else, Melissa, Casey, and Andrew!!! What is said in IHOP stays in IHOP. That is, unless the waiter spreads it around... ha ha. OK, my hand is cpramping up cuz I've been on for way too long this morning. And hw calls. Man, that's gay. But looking forward to a good long run with Erin today! At least an hour and a half. Fun stuff! Ok, catch you on the flip side. God bless

 Wowee, I am tired. It's 12:30 at night (or is it technically morning?) and I need some sleep for my track meet tomorrow. If any day I will break 5:00 in the mile, this'll be it. I'l be running with fast people, so they'll push me to a better time. I just need someone to hold up the "Go Sean!" sign that was made for me but has not worked its magic yet. Anyone who wants to come, the meet is at Humble tomorrow. I guess that's kinda far away, but it's Spring Break. What else are you gonna be doing? It starts at 10:30. "Klein CC what time is it? It's time to get live! It's time to represent!" Or as BJ would say, "It's time to get krunk! It's time to get krunk!" Ha ha, crazy Brandon... Ok, I had no idea Barnes and Noble was like a porn place. They got gay magazines, and dirty magazines and sex books... that we read in the Religion section! We are so going to hell... Something about "Venus Butterflies" and a way too detailed drawing of a -ok, that's it. I'm stopping right now. I didn't really wanna look at that stuff in the first place, and now reminiscing is bad too. Jesus, forgive me for everything I did today, and ever. And please keep all thoughts of cereal out of my dreams. 'Nuff said. Like Relient K... "Jesus I pray.. take all my mistakes... throw them away... destroy them for my sake..." And they have a new CD out... Kyle got it, and I want it. I hope it's good. "Two lefts don't make a right... but three do" is the name of it. Makes sense if you think about it. Can't really remember what else I was gonna say.... oh yeah. "Requiem for a Dream." Weird-A movie, man. NEVER do drugs. Song of the Day is "All About Her" by New Found Glory. If you've heard it, you know it's pretty cool and you know that some pretty neat singing goes on in there. I like the parts where he sings "about her." OK, here goes: "Just forget all your chances... it's up to you to follow through... just forget the way she was... cuz it's the things she does, that make me sing about herrrr... she knows I care about herrrr... she said be gentle, boy, you show... a lack of character..." Yay. OK, I really need some sleep. I'll try to update tomorrow regarding my exploits from the track meet. Have a good one! God bless

 I had a blog yesterday night, but apparently it didn't post, and so now it's lost. Luckily it was pretty much just a Song of the Day. And here it is: "I Need More Allowance" by the Beets. Remember the Beets, from Doug? Good stuff. "I need more allowance, yodel-ay-ee-ooo... I need more allowance, yodel-ay-ee-ooo... I need more allowance, yodel-ay-ee-ooo... Why? Because I do!!" Ha ha, fake cartoon bands, and their number one songs, including another hit called "Killer Tofu." Ha ha, "Oooeeooo..." Ha ha, well my dad needs to get online. I wish he'd actually work at the office occasionally. Then I could have more computer time. Yahoo. But whatever. It's cool when he's here, too. A lot of people never see their working parents. So sad... OK, I'm out like the fat kid in baseball who hits the ball, but is too slow to make it to the base before being thrown out, or he strikes out at the plate and thus doesn't have to go through the rigors of trying to run to first and also ending my sentence a lot quicker. Peace out, y'all. Life is better.. improving, it is... :-) Hooray for Kellys. They make life fun and good. And so do Sams... and Kyles, and Andrews, and Melissa, and Casey, and ERIN!! Erin is way cool. Totally, for shure. I know I spelled "sure" wrong, but I like it "shure" better. Deal with it. And if I think of more names, other than Julie, and Kristy, and Christie, and Lauren, and BJ and Katie -the list goes on- and Valerie, and Ginger, and Matt, I'll let you know. I'll update more later, and maybe list more of those who I appreciate and whom I feel enhances my life for the better. If you make the list, you know you're cool. Ha ha, just joshing; you may be cool, and not make the list. Whatever, I gotta jet. God bless

 Good afternoon, everyone, and salutations. I have done some thinking, and I was thinking. During my thinking time, I got to thinking. And that usually makes me feel bad, but this time I already did, so I felt better. Thanks largely in part to Kelly O's email, I came to some conclusions. But I will not really bore you with too much. I DO have friends that care about me, and whenever I blow them off or refuse their hospitality (or Pez), it makes them feel bad. The last thing I wanna do is hurt other people. You read my blog from earlier this week about how I love to help others, and by being the moron that I was, I was not helping anyone; only hurting, and that's not good. OK, I just wanted to say that I'm sorry for being the idiot that I was. I will try not to be "moody/ PMS-like" or a jerk anymore. Ever. One of my friends tells me that she would never lie to me, and she says that it makes her sad when I am sad, so I guess she was telling the truth. I repeat, I am sorry for being stupid. I never want to shun anyone again. I want to make everyone feel happy. "Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to go out and be the best person you can be. Make others happy and feel good about themselves. Above all, put others (and especially God) before yourself. This may be slightly risky, but as long as you stop being selfish like you have been, you can accomplish it. You are the agent that needs the experience in this area, so we are sending you out to gain invaluable expertise. Remeber: A and B the C of D. Godspeed, young man." Heh heh, sorry, I got a little carried away there. But I do choose to accept this mission. Right. I'll be working on it. God bless

 Something very weird I realized today: I DO have friends that may care about me a little bit. Ha ha, no that's not it. But there may be one or two of those out there, somewhere. OK, but the strange thing is: I don't think there's any girl at school that I like. I mean, all throughout my school years, and through this year there has been at least one chick to hold my attention. I used to be intimidated by girls and just by talking to one I'd be like, "Wow, I think I like her!" or something like that. And just the idea of dating any was cool with me... but then it slimmed down to a few select girls... then one or two... now it's MAYBE (emphasis on the maybe in case you couldn't tell) one, and other than that, nothing. Very very strange. Unwonted, if you will. And no, you idiots (I think that's why I have no friends- I insult people all the time) there are no guys that hold my fancy either. Ha ha, you weirdos. Oh, and Dave- Kelly is going up to A&M tomorrow. If you see her and recognize her, say hey. That'd be cool. Lines form the song I'm going to write over the brek. I have to figure out how to incorporate them into a logical sequence at some point. "Wow, you take away my thirsty." "I can't believe how much I want to make some pancakes." "If there's a lightbulb out there with your name on it, I'll be sure to find it." "Never let the overheated dog breathe down your neck." And last but not least, "Crying only makes the mosquitoes worse." I am feeling a little better, thanks. Have a great night. God bless

 What the hell is wrong with me? I think, as is dictated by the article in Kelly's mom's most recent issue of Nursing 2003 , I have a chemical imbalance in my brain. Oh wait, that's not it. It's my own devices and the fact that I'm a fool. The weather is SO nice and I have absolutely no one to share it with. I just wanna go hug and hold someone at Meyer Park or someplace like that; chill in the shade and just BE with someone that I thoroughly enjoy spending time with. And there is a problem: I can't think of even one person that I would want to share it with, let alone anyone that would want to share it with me. Maybe one person, but even they are highly dubious. Why am I so messed up? Grrr, it's very slightly frustrating. And another thing- I know this is gonna sound really stupid and stuff, but as is evident by the clothes I wear to school, I don't care what anyone thinks about me. My "funks" that I get into and when I become stupidly and arbitrarily depressed like this are not "cries for attention" or for help. I get plenty of both whenever I need it. So I'm not just being stupid the way I have been just for kicks, or to garnish extra sentiment towards myself. Thanks for any concern or whatnot that you've ever expressed. I do appreciate my friends and their good intentions for me... when I take the time to care. Song of the Day is: "Rest of My Life" by Unwritten Law. "Cuz I know... I'm so slow... I'm tryin'- and I'm still dyin'... you say you want me for the rest of my life..." Very poignant. God bless

 "What the heck, no one cares anymore, if they did they'd call me, but no they don't. If I was gone, there'd be no void in anyone's life that can't easily be filled with television, or something else that is certainly more entertaining than me. I have no value! My friends don't return my phone calls, but what does it matter- I know they don't wanna talk ot me anyway... I try to figure things out but eveything only becomes more confusing, I'm always losing. All that everyone ever says about me isn't true, stop lying to me. If it all was right, then Saturday night would be so much fun, but it's not. Why do I torture myself with these thoughts? Oh yeah- it's because I enjoy being miserable. So technically, I guess I'm not miserable when I really am; or something like that. I enjoy the pain and hurt inflicted upon myself by myself, all alone and by myself I am. Again. It always seems to happen this way. And so they go back to their important lives, ignoring me, but what does it matter? No one cares, whether I am here or there or anywhere. My insignificance resounds inside my head, over and over again. And I love it, cuz when I'm gone I will cause no pain to others who will not notice a difference in their lives. No ripple of change or anything that will make them be sad. Only glad, that the annoyance of one more mouth to feed, one more 'friend in need,' one more nuisance and distraction from what they really are after will be gone. I love being unnoticed; as others are indifferent, why am I not different? Enough to stand out- to shout- my eclectic-ness from the rooftop. I think I'll give up now- make it easier on myself and others; you sisters and brothers of the Lord. But it is all in vain. It only leads to more pain. And it starts all over again..." That's my impromptu song that i made up as I went along. I don't know what the heck is wrong with me, so don't try and console me. There is nothing you can do unless you are a certain someone who shall remain nameless. And even then, I hope you don't know who you are, because then you will try and make things better, but I'm not sure I really want them to be. Thank God I'm being the idiot I am during Spring Break, and not having to worry about anything REAL as I'm doing my stupid spiel. Someone told me today that they miss my smile. What a load of... And I need to stop showing my feelings in my blogs! Dang it! Hide it, Sean! Bottle it up so you don't ruin anyone's day... Enjoy your Spring Break, please. For my sake. God bless

 Ok, I think there's a max amount of stuff that they'll allow you to put in one post, and because of a deja vu-esque experience, and a gut feeling, I stopped where I did on the last one. But go back and read it first, because then this'll be chronological, and make more sense. And please read it all! I like to have people informed of the goings-on of my life. It's just something that I think they deserve to know. Anyways, after the race, Dave and I literally "chilled" in the reflecting pool in front of City Hall. We were wading in it when he pushed me down, and it was very cold, it was. So naturally, being the good guy he is, he let me push him under, too. Well, Ann and Jen were too scared to come near the pool, so of course I had to trip Dave again in the water to make up for the lack of bodies in the body of water. He tried to get revenge on me, but I grabbed him and pulled him down with me. After that we got out, cuz it was getting a little cold, and we felt the time was right to exit. There were no free massages... Oh, and I saw a dude from when I ran the Bearkat Bash 5K way back in September... long hair and a moustache... easy to recognize. We all went back to our cars and took pictures of me as a spear, and just each other in general. Dave, tell Ann and Jen to send me copies of the pics they took, as well as the ones from your "camela" (as the Japanese tourists at the San Diego Zoo would say). We all cruised around looking for a Denny's, when I went into a "Do Not Enter" street and almost ran into a lawn mower. It was just sitting there.. I mean, come on. Well, eventually, we went to wrong way on Highway 288 (South, instead of North, which was the correct way home) and found a Denny's. Much to our... surprise? No, that's not it... amusement, maybe, we were the only white people in the entire restaurant. And it was crowded. But the negroes seemed nice. No "fronting" or anything of the sort. And I just said "negroes" like they are "lesser beings." I am so going to hell. We all had a lot of fun at Denny's, and everyone got dessert. Maybe the cooks spit in our stuff because we were white. Who knows? Lots of interesting conversations at the table, for sure. We finally had to say goodbye to the wonderful SMYRT people... *tear.* We thought we'd never see them again, but lo and behold, during the huge traffic jam on the way home, each of our cars passed each other like 50 bajillion times. We made faces, of course, and threw a banana at each other. Once the traffic finally cleared, we drove relatively close to each other until the Cypresswood/ Holzwarth exit. Then we really did have to say goodbye. There was furious waving from both cars, as Eileen and I pulled of the interstate and plowed into an 18-wheeler and died. We came back to life, placed the shards of the car back into working order, and went home. The rest of the day was fairly inconsequential, except that I got a new dresser. Yay. Last night, I hung out with Erin for a while, and we had fun. Lots of good talking and hypothetical situation stuff. Best Buy was good, but they didn't have The Starting Line CD that I wanted, only the NFG one. So, the Song of the Day is from my new New Found Glory CD. Kellys like this one: "Ballad of the Lost Romantics." "Here's to us fools that have no meaning... I tip my glass to you... Let's toast the night away to friends... and forget about tomorrow..." Guys, thanks for sitting through this whole thing- if you did. And hey: it took a lot longer for me to type this than for you to read it, ok? The sacrifices I make for you... Speaking of which, I would love to sacrifice something for any one of you. Like, if it was a life-or-death situation, I would gladly and without hesitation offer my life to be the one that gets snuffed instead of yours. I LOVE helping people now, even if it hurts me. For example: this week I had a buncha gum, I could have only given away some of it to a few select people. But I gave some to everyone, even if it meant that i would have none. I mean, out of 34 pieces of gum, I only have 4 or 5. All the rest I gave away. But I was glad to! I love going out of my way to help people. It's great! OK, again, I'm sorry for the length- there won't be another one this long for quite a while. I really hope you enjoyed it. If not, LET ME KNOW IN MY FORUM!!! No one writes in there anymore- I feel so neglected. Ok, that's it, I'm out. "So long, farewell, auf weidersehen good... morning..." OK, for real this time. God bless

 "I am a robot, do what I say... I am a washing machine, do what I say. Heh heh heh." Gotta love the Simpsons. "Ahh, my eye! The doctor said not to get pudding in it!" Boy howdy, Spring Break is off to an awesome start. Use the restroom before you get in, and buckle your seatbelts, cuz this blog could be long. Like the hair that I'm hoping to have by summertime. Ok, Friday was tight, because we didn't do anything in school all day. Then after school, I had to go download and print about 50 million (if not more) pages of math stuff to do over the holiday. After the computer lab's lightning-fast printer spit it all out, I went with Kelly A. to her church to have a great deal of fun. After lifting few weights, we played racquetball- a very entertaining and fun sport- of which I had never partaken in a game. It's great to just wail the ball. Give it a super hard smack with the racquet, it'll just zip all over the room and ricochet back into your groin. Well, Kelly may have won the first game (15-1) and the second game (15-11 or something like that) but I got the ball through the window on my first "try." Then we played about 10 minutes of basketball. Not very good basketball, because both of us are white and complete spazzes on the court. Kelly did make some good shots however, and I was proud of her for that. I, though, pulled some spectacular moves I once was dribbling towards her, then bounced the ball over her head, got it and scored, and then another time was dribbling towards her, and bounced the ball under her legs, got it... but didn't score. I missed like so many times...sheesh. Wow, the sky looks beautiful right now- it's gonna be a pretty day. I hope I can picnic. You may understand through an update in a later blog. The sunset's gonna be tight, too. :-) Later Friday night, while I was waiting for Dave to give me some notification on his whereabouts, Kelly and Kyle (oh, those two lovebirds! They make me so happy when they're together... hee hee hee. I could just pinch their cheeks like the "Annoying Aunt" character in all unrealistic movies) came over and hung for a while. Always great fun, it is. Well, I got ahold of the Dave-meister, and so I headed over to Long John Taco on Louetta. It WAS Friday, so us Catholics couldn't eat meat. Well, Dave and Ann and Jen (all people who worked my retreat at the beginning of February- read about it in the archives) were there along with Ann's boyfriend Adam, who only made a short cameo, and Eileen, a cool fellow retreater like myself. Ha ha, Eileen thinks I look like The Fonz from "Happy Days." I dunno, I just don't see it... do you? Diego and Reese showed up. We all went to Meyer to play soccer, but the lights were off. So we went to some tennis courts and played, and that was a heckuva lot of fun. Wowee.. I scored four goals (whoop whoop!) and had a rousing good time. Kyle fell down, and that greatly sucked, as he skinned his knees in the process. Ooh, I shudder at the thought. I hit Kelly with the ball, and unfortunately had done the same in racquetball, too. I was not out to kill her, I promise! Both times were accidents! Well, her and her future hubby left, and then we hung around throwing the frisbee and discussing bodily functions. Just what you figure mature college students and two high-schoolers would be doing, right? Eventually, my curfew called to me (11:00...oy vey) so Dave and I headed back home. Brace yourselves, guys, I'm only just through Friday. Thanks for sticking with me. Te next morning, we all went downtown for the Bayou City Classic 10K. That's 6.-something miles for those of you inexperienced with running. 6.28, I think it is... Anywho, we all got pumped up for that, except Eileen, who was gonna be a spectator. We headed off to the starting line (a good band, by the way!) and saw a guy with both nipples pierced. I thought it woulda been funny if he was running, and while swinging his arms accidentally caught his thumb in one of the hoops, and yanked it out of his chest. Mmm, delicious, no? Then Kelly O could save him! From nipple-bleeding... The race was overall a lot of fun, and Dave just took off. Keep in mind, this guy is an experienced road racer and marathoner and former track star. I need to kiss his feet or worship the ground he walks on or something, cuz his running acheivements far outnumber mine. But, I ended up beating him (I don't think he tried as hard as he could have) and got 108th place total. 5th in my age group, and finished with a time of 40:39, I think it was. I wanna break 40 in the Crescent City Classic.

 Good afternoon to all of my friends and neighbors. Well, my name was on the announcements again today for track (yes, I'll hold for the applause) for winning the two-mile race. My legs hurt so much today- it was freezing and wet last night; not ideal conditions. However, I did not win the one-mile as I'd hoped to- Bobby did. I got fourth.. but hey, whatcha gonna do? And it was cool cuz I saw Sam at the meet working for 5 hours for NHS and James was there too. Both Boot Camp buddies (yahoo for Kelly and I wearing our shirts today) who attend Oak... grrrrrr. Oak. Steven Magness ain't so fast... I could take him. Dave is coming in tomorrow. We are gonna go check out the girls' JV soccer game at about 5, either before or after Ultimate Frisbee and soccer at Meyer with our church homies. Kizzyle and Kizzelly say they're gonna come to the game, but they may be too busy making out. We'll see. And Kelly O is going to the rodeo! Dang it! She hates country music and she hates the rodeo... Hmm, it may not be as fun for her as for her buds that she's going with. Maybe she'll try a fried Twinkie... Heart-cloggingly good! Well, Bayou City Classic on Saturday morning. I hope I'm not too dead to run it. I desperately need a nap today, but I have baseball practice at 5. Sheesh. The things a guy's gotta do... My math test sucked! I hate school! Oh, wait, no I don't. Just calculus. And I don't hate the course or the subject so much as I hate failing it all. Sam S. and I have an inside joke, but not. Make sense? Didn't think so. Who saw all those kids with the Anti-GSA shirts today? Ha ha, some were pretty funny. One guy had one, and all it said was just "STRAIGHT" on the front. Muy comico. I'm gonna do a Song of the Day now, because I can't think of anything else except SPRING BREEEEAAAK!!! Yahhooooooo!! Just one more day... OK, anyways, SoD is: "On My Own" by Don't Look Down. It's a cool song; I like it a lot. "Twenty-one; still so young... when will life really begin?... stop flailing; start caring... getting up and fighting to win... You can't be against me... when will you listen to me?... and open your eyes... and see me for what I wanna be" It's on the bonus CD that came with my NFG one. A good little extra tidbit of entertainment for my life. Yay. Katie and I went to noon mass yesterday. HOLY SHAMOLEY!!!! The new church is awesome!!! They just built a bigger one cuz our old one was too small, and by gum, the new one is simply amazing... You guys oughta just come see it sometime. Don't even have to go to a mass. I mean, I've gone to all of y'all's churches AND the services. So the least you could do is check out my new kick-butt church. AND THEN CONVERT TO CATHOLICISM!!! Muwahahahaha... *ahem* excuse me. But yeah- Katie and I met Kelly O there (cuz she gets out of EMT at 11:30! Lucky...) and that was way cool. Definitely. Afterwards, Katie and I went to Randall's cuz we didn't wanna go back to school. I bought some gum (which I gave it all away today- 17 pieces!) and one banana. Good times. We finally returned to school. Unfortunately. Speaking of returning, I need to get off my computer and return to the real world. Catch you folks later. ;-) By the way, Melissa, you are supposed to wink back. Grrr. God bless

 OK, I don't really wanna write anything, though I do have a lot to say. But I don't care. Muwahaha. I'm not gonna say it! All I really have is the Song of the Day: "All for You" by Sister Hazel. "It's hard to say what it is I see in you, wonder if I'll always be with you... words can (something), I can too... enough to prove, it's all for you." My favorite part is the interlude, where he goes: "Rain comes pouring down... falling from blue skies... words without a sound... coming from your eeeyyyyes." Cheese is not bad at all... Erin skims...I wonder if she saw that... OK, I'm out for tonight. Out like a light. Allright? That's tight. I just might... get in a fight...out of spite...and...the Irish suffered a potato blight. That's enough tough stuff, you stupid gruff muff bluff, Sean, fol cool tool, mule pool. SHUTTUP!!! OK, there, I stopped it... God bless

 Hola, and happy day to everyone. Y'all are all in school right now, and I'm not! Losers! Ha ha, New Orleans is fun and it's definitely better than Mrs. Kelley's class. Heh heh, suckers... And Katie says she's coming with me next Mardi Gras. We'll see about that. I know she'd like it, just as long as she keeps the shirt-raising to a minimum around my family. Nah, she wouldn't do that... would she??? Also, her and I are going to skip school on Wednesday to go get ashes on our foreheads at church. It's Ash Wednesday, the first day of Lent, which are the 40 days before Easter, which was the day that Jesus rose from the dead after being crucified to absolve us of our sins. You know, He's really a great guy... saves us from sin, loves us like all get-out, and only wants the very best for us. Not bad qualities if I do say so myself. Kelly O is way cool. More on this as it develops. Not too much going on right now. We're leaving to come home probably within the next half-hour or so. I've missed you guys, I want you to know. I hope you like my shirt tomorrow. I think it's cool. Also, flock to my table at lunch and you'll get some King Cake from Mardi Gras. It's good. That is, if there's any left after my ravenous calculus class and teacher are done eating. I still have to suck up, you know! Arrighty, then. I'll catch you folks later. Time to jet. Whooosh. God bless

 Hey folks. I'm online and I keep getting messages saying, "How was New Orleans?" and "How was Mardi Gras?" Ha ha, truth be told, I'm still here! I'm chilling at my grandparents' house Uptown. Having a lot of fun. I had a chance like 20 minutes ago to leave for another parade (and Jon Lovitz was "grand marshal" person, too!), but I needed to get some blogging -and hw- done. I also can't go more than 1.538624 hours without talking to anyone online. Doctor's orders, you know. Well, I did hook up with Sam yesterday at Endymion, and that was cool. We were both the "hosses" at boot camp- at least until Greg Kelly made his guest appearance. She had fun here in Lousy-ana, but went home today instead of coming to my grandparents' party thingy, which was fun by the way. Pshaw... I enjoy cheese quite a bit. It's not bad, I say. Not bad at all. I went to three parades so far. Fun stuff. Caught a lot of beads; not as much as when I was a little kid, though. *Tear* No, I didn't see any... well, YOU KNOWS. Nor did I "score" with any "broads" I picked up off the street. Too bad. Hey, Jesus wanted it this way, and I'm glad I wasn't tempted. Excellent! The weather here was nice today. Thanks, God! I really do appreciate it! Eureka's Castle... breakfast time! Batly was tight. "I MEANT to do that!" Ha ha, right, you blue, bespectacled, flying nincompoop. Mayonnaise. For 10 minutes. Just a still shot of maynonnaise for 10 minutes. And the public loved it... Song of the Day is: "Champagne Supernova" by Oasis. I can't think of anything else other than "Your Body is a Wonderland" by John Mayer. So they're both the SoDs. "Slowly walkin' down the hall... faster than a cannonball... where were you while we were getting high? Someday you will find me... caught beneath the lanslide... of a champagne supernova in the sky..." The Mayer song is really good, if you think about it. Romantic, friendly, fun. Really good words to sing to a chick. Here's Berker's favorite part, which I kinda like also. "One mile to every inch... your skin like porcelain... one pair of candy lips, and... your bubblegum tongue." Ha ha. And I like how he says "I'll never let your head... hit the bed... without my hand behind it." Good stuff... I can't really think of anything else to say right now. I guess I'll jet and leave you all to ponder the mysteries of the universe. And also wonder what I'm talking about with the mayonnaise comment. Paul knows. Ha ha, my grandpa pronounces it, "my-naise." Crazy, ain't it? Ok, adios. Hey, catch you later, when I finally comrehend infinity. That should be sometime within the next 10 minutes... God bless

 "And God said, 'Gather ye 62 flavors, anoint them with nuts, sprinkles and 51 toppings... and ye shall calll it the Ark!' " Dave, your "DAVE" worked in my email, so I thought it was cool. All those other folks who just read the forum don't get to see it. My special privelege. Reading your blog also made me laugh out loud, because I was remembering all the goofy stuff that we did, and the " 'TTHEORHWHS' which is pronounced, 'DAY VID IZ HOT' " killed me. Ha ha, wow... TAKS testing today. Yahoo. I'm soooooooooo excited. Actually I kinda am, because that means that we don't do anything real in school today, and I may get to exempt all, All, ALL of my finals. Sweet! Not much time here, so if I leave anything of importance out, so sorry. Sam, in case I don't see you today, have a good trip (as good as a trip like that can be) and remember that I am praying for you and your family. To sum up my weekend: really really good. Baskin Robbins; um, after Baskin Robbins... ha ha; Confirmation practice; Dave and Jenn showing up; Jenn loving my dog to death; confession and rosary; Ultimate; Dave scoring on the other team by himself (3 people vs. 1); soccer; Costa Rican guy who was really good; extreme dehydration and exhaustion; Sonic; "Sam haircuts"; "So, HOW'S SALLIE?"; People nearly peeing in their pants as usual- wait, that was one person... my bad; TTHEORHWHS; searching for chocolate syrup; "Lite" syrup; driving aimlessly; nearly Monopoly; kidnapping Kyle; Pac-Man tag; 3 o'clock convos; the pee bucket; trying to grow a cactus; Spanish mansion; growing up in a million different ways; putting an axe (or is it ax?) through a foot; opening that foot all over the bedroom carpet; near-death experiences; Crystal and Clay; anything and everything; lasting sleep; poison ivy at practice; empty time; searching for a crossword puzzle; Tenacious D "Wonder Boy"; "Fill it with your mighty..."; we hate Uncle Kracker; one kick-butt Confirmation; one boiling hot Confirmation; heart-tugging goodbye; people at my house; getting changed into casual clothes, which my dad admonished me for later that night.... And there are still things I've missed. Well, I have school now, so catch you later. God bless

 "Canada? Why leave America to go to America, Jr.?" Dang, this was a great weekend. Friday was way cool, and Saturday and Sunday were awesome too. Dave and Jenn came in Saturday afternoon after my Confirmation practice. Boy, those guys are great. Dave has become one of my greatest friends, even though I've only physically seen him on three separate weekends. This guy has such good command of his faith and his life (with the possible exception of girls- but hey, who ever has that figured out?) and he is really a great person. He humbles himself to drive to a high-schooler's house on a weekend where he could be doing better things. How neat is that? And staying up until three o'clock in the morning just chatting it up and getting to know me better is also way cool. He always has good advice to give, and knows what to say to make me feel better in times of distress. Way to be way cool! Ha ha, and Jennifer... She's one crazy gal. Her obsession with my dog has me slightly unnerved, considering that puppy is the spawn of Satan, twice removed. But she also has got things together and is one of the funniest folks I know. She can find humor in any situation, and still finds it funny after it's been a while. That she can remember funny things and continue to laugh at them and keep her life happy is a great trait. Both Dave and Jenn's guidance to me, and prayers for me have been greatly appreciated, and I will be forever grateful. Catholics rock! Ha ha, that last comment may have been uncalled for... nah. Hee hee. Song of the Day is "Breakfast at Tiffany's" by some guy. It's pretty neat, I guess. It's on the CD that Dave left here (He seems to be rather forgetful. Last time he left his soccer ball and frisbee, and this time his CD and flip-flops, though I rescued those before he drove off) which is filled with fun songs. "You'll say 'We got nothing in common No common ground to start from And we're falling apart.' You'll say 'The world has come between us Our lives have come between us Still I know you just don't care.' And I said 'What about Breakfat at Tiffany's?' She said 'I Think I Remember the bell. And as I recall I think We both kinda liked it.' And I said 'Well, that's The one thing we got.' I see you The only one who knew me And now your eyes see though me I guess I was wrong So what now? It's plain to see we're over, And I hate when things are over, And so much is left undone." Word up. I wish I could type more now, but Mommy wants me offline, due to gay AP tests, even though they're next week. I will continue to fill you in on my exploits, if possible. God bless

 "I've got a headline for tomorrow's paper: 'Local Man is Liar!' " "Hey, that is a good headline!" Howdy. Just a quick blog from history, saying" What it is?" to all you folks. I had a good weekend. Dave came in wih Jennifer, and we played Ultimate and soccer and had a good time doing other stuff as well. Dave, I have your "Good Stuff" CD. You left it in my stereo. I also had my Confirmation and it was way hot in the church for the 2.5 hour service. But it was worth it. I am now filled with the gifts of the Holy Spirit. Yahoo. More later. God bless

 Arabian singers: "Yvan eht nioj... yvan eht nioj..." Try reading it backwards. One of these days I'm gonna do a whole blog (it'll be a little one so as not to confuse the mortals) backwards. That'll be fun. I think I need a haircut soon. It's getting longer around the sides and it's... gotta be shaped or something. I don't want it short, but I gotta figure out what I want to do with it. Oh, I received quite a few (actually 3, but that was 3 more than I expected) responses to my blog about friends. Thanks to everyone for you support/ debunking/ help/ everything you've done for me. I appreciate that, and I realized that what was said in the "Anonymous" forum post is true: you don't meaure friends by a checklist, or how strong your friendship with anyone is. You measure it by whether you're friends at all, and it doesn't matter who you like more than others. I don't think I'm saying this right... Whatever. But a big ole "Thanks" to all my friends! Got my prom tux yesterday. It's different from what most people will get. The lapels make it look unconventional, but I don't care- I like being different. Don't worry though, Valerie, I don't think it'll make you look bad. It is, after all, your prom and it's all about YOU! Hooray! We'll be on the cutting edge (keep back- it's sharp!) of fashion. And I saw Austin Adams and Ben Williams at Al's Formal Wear, and even though Ben is in m math class and I see him every day, I only talked to Austin. And we were all there for like 30 minutes while the guy took my measurements and stuff, so it was occasional Austin-Sean chatter. But Ben, being the super-cool guy he is, neglected to even really say hi. Whateva. Holy moley, the guy who did measurements and stuff was way weird. Ask me to reenact some of his exploits. But I'll probably only be able to remember the one about his "expanding middle." I really think he was gay... and his name is Randall. Hmm... Dave and this chick Jenn that you guys don't know (but she is way cool!) are coming in today. Yahooooo! I don't know what kinda plans we have, other than Ultimate Frisbee at 4:30 at Meyer Park. North side. That would be the one without the duck pond. So anyone who reads this is welcome to come play. Just putter around the parking lot, loking at the fields. We'll be at one of them. Don't know how long the game will last, but I'm hoping quite a few people show up (hint hint) and that it is really fun. We shall see! Well, I'm starving, so I'm gonna go eat breakfast. The adrenaline that has been coursing through me since last night is wearing me out and making me ravenous. Je femme... Until later, "Au revoir, mon amis! Je suille la jeune fille." Ohh, moi aussi! Next blog, I say the same in Spanish for all of you French illiterates out there! God bless

 WARNING: DO NOT READ THIS UNTIL YOU HAVE READ THE PREVIOUS POST. Actually, it doesn't matter. I thought of this weeks ago, but never put it down here. Friendship is based on sharing. When you're little, it's like sharing cookies or a toy or something. "You like cherry soda? I like cherry soda! Let's be best friends!" as you and they jump up and down on your parents' bed. As you mature, it is sharing other things. Who you take to Splashtown, who's on your soccer team, who's in your classes. You're a little more selective, but still open to a large amount of people. Finally, (this is based on my experience- I'm sure there's more stages that I just haven't been old enough to go through yet) you go through an extremely selective stage. There are some people you flat out don't want to associate with, and others you want to spend all your time with. Then there are just "school buds" who you are hunky-dory with at school and it's great, but you never actually socialize with them. Now, friendships are based on sharing experiences. No one will really be friends with anyone that they never see or talk to. It's who you spend free time with, or endure crappy english teachers with. College it's the same way- who you go out drinking (or NOT drinking, as I hope the case will be) with, who you room with, etc. What I'm trying to say, is that friendship builds upon sharing. It's not always material things, or food, (though I share my gum with Julie all the time, and I seem to be on her good side!) but real experiences and conversations, and things that are meaningful. When one doesn't have these, they are truly unfortunate. Friends should be there to support you through anything and everything, and vice-versa. And maybe throw in a few laughs for good measure. Well, that's my spiel. It was... different. God bless

 "The Kwik-E-Mart is really... d'oh!" I got to run with Erin today. That was cool not only because I hadn't been running in a while, but also that I got to go with Erin. She is one of the coolest people I know, really. She is smart, funny, pretty, fast, and a buncha other neat things. She's enhanced my life this year, and I'm glad I got to know her. Glad to know ya, Erin! Hooray for the Vort! I have been told that I am wise beyond my years. If that was true, I'd be doing my math homework instead of blogging. But in my wisdom, I have come to the conclusion that I have not been a good friend to anybody. Sure, I've got good acquaintances and stuff, but i've never been there for anyone when they really needed something. I have never lent my support to someone for anything that really mattered. I laugh and joke and have fun with my peers, but that can't be real, can it? I have made some good memories with my associates, but those will fade into obscurity when I graduate. It's all insignificant perpeutal "hanging out" or Starbuck's or the park (no, not that one anymore...) or something that I love to do, but where will it all lead? Is there a purpose? I can't find one. Everything is just an addition to an ever-churning Charybdis (yes, that's spelled correctly- look it up) of incongruity and inconsistency. It's not like I wanna give up my social life, but when I don't seem to actually be friends with others, I kinda miss the point. I want to help people so bad, or share some sort of completely unforgettable experience with people, to give worth to my time spent with others. Not that I'm saying you guys aren't worth being with, but quite the opposite. I have lied and even had treacherous thoughts about others. That's certainly not cool. I am sorry for any stupidity or anything of the sort I have displayed before. I am sorry for any inconveniences caused. Whatever. Hey, who's up for a game of checkers? Well, I need dinner and to do about 50 million math tests. Woo hoo. Yes, that was a genuine "woo hoo." No, not really. Hee hee. Enjoy life. I want to, so you should too. Also, practice Catholicism, run at least 3 miles a day, get a healthy amount of sun, cut back on soda, call your mother, wash behind your ears, say, "Please and "Thank you," brush your teeth at least twice a day, eat you broccoli, and I think you get the picture. God bless

 "This tomato tastes like Grandma!" "You're right, Son. It does taste like Grandma!" I got to see Kelly O at school today. That made me happy. Another bonus in my day that was much better than yesterday. :-) I got singled out for being smart. I made a 205 on the PSAT so I'm in the running for National Merit Scholarship, but I won't get it. Everyone made higher than me. Christie got a 228! Yes, "Dang." My thoughts exactly. I wanna say more, but I need a nap. Staying up till 2:00 is fun, especially when it actually makes you energized for the next day. But right now I'm a little tired. Whatever. God bless

 "What's a muppet?" "Well, it's not quite a mop and it's not quite a puppet..." Have you ever wished you were someone else, because you think they're so great? Why not be their significant other, so you can enjoy their essence. If you are them, you wouldn't always feel like you're totally all that. But to be their significant other- that would be way cooler. icy fingas: who doesnt like chinese icy fingas: i mean common now that runnerguy86: really. you'd have to be some kind of anti-american that runnerguy86: part of the axis of evil Speaking of which, it has just arrived here. Oh, baby, I can't wait- I have a rumbly in my tumbly! God bless

 "Why you little..." Damn. That is all I can say. This school year is starting to suck. And not just for me, for a lot of people. I'm sorry for everything bad happening in everyone's life now. Maybe when summer comes, everything can get better. Laziness out the wazoo, and relaxation. And- nevermind. I'm sure everyone will be scattered far and wide on vacations to exotic locales. Maybe Kelly and I can start living on our island soon... Gooz fraba, Sam. Gooz fraba. Melissa, if I'm doing something wrong, let me know. That'd be beneficial. Lauren Rocco's boyfriend Simon (who is really cool) says he will hook me up with some girls from Cy-Fair. I sound really desperate talking about this kinda stuff all the time. I guess it's cuz I am. Dang. Jullie has a general idea of what is making me weird. Kyle has an intimation. This is not good- no one's supposed to know, and nor will they ever. Hopefully. So don't ask about it. While I'm on the subject, though, fasting was fun again. I was walking down the hall today and happened to see Veronica Arrambide with a Tupperware full of brownies. Without thinking, I make a slick move and swoop in and grab one, and take a bite. Right after I do so, I remember that I'm supposed to be fasting, so I put the half that was not in my mouth back into her container. She said she wouldn't tell anyone it was bitten off of. Hee hee hee. I am kinda hungry and dead tired (I also stayed up till 1 o'clock to spite myself) so I'll take a nap soon. Possibly Chinese food for dinner! Yay! Beef with broccoli. Spicy. Mmmm... Whatever. I'm out like the trash can on a Thursday morning. God bless

 "My thumb was blocking the crayon the whole time! Heh heh heh... I'll let myself out." Hooowwwdy. Today I'm gonna fast and make it 24 hours without eating. I didn't have dinner yesterday so I'm already off to a good start- only have to wait till about 3:30 this afternoon! And I'm not counting the bite of Easter bunny I had last night around 6:15, 6:30. So 3:30 is may goal. Hooray! I need to cleanse myself of my horrible sin and try to be purer, especially with confirmation coming up this weekend. Huzzah! Song of the Day is "Saddest Girl Story" by The Starting Line. It's been going through my mind all morning thus far. I like it a lot, even though it's really not very sad- it's even kinda upbeat when sung. Whatever. "Have you had enough? I guess not because your lips are stuck to his. It's Time to say enough is enough, you would be so better off. You love him but tough because it's not coming back from him. You can't win. Stop expecting change, he's just a lost cause that you're waiting on. Take a look around, you could have anyone. So leave undeserving him. It only hurts... At first but then you will find someone To give you everything you want. Try not to go running back to him. So it goes unsaid that we've been here before Lonely nights and endless fights and sleeping on the floor. And he's sorry, so the story goes." Yay. And you know what? Since it's my blog and I can do what I want, there'll be another Song of the Day. This one is "The Drama Summer" also by The Starting Line. "We could wait for the wind to blow Or give me a look so cold...It gives me chills And ends the summer war My eyes roll Around and over and again Falling down, dizzy with sun stroke I'll be there And I'll try to identify, Try to look through the gray skies in your eyes.. I'll pick up everything you left behind Cross your fingers, and pray for winter I'll be there Painting the town your favorite color. Guess i'll call or see you around....yeah Guess i'll call or see you around. Guess i'll call or see you around....yeah Guess i'll call or see you around. I'll call, or see you around. I'll call, or see you around. I'll call, or see you around. I'll call, or see you around. ...painting the town your favorite color." And that's the whole song, but I love it. It's really good, I think. Well, school soon. Bye. God bless

 "And we'll have monkey butlers!" NHS induction tonight. Best 2 and-a-half hours of my life. Sheesh, it was boring. Man, so many girls looked good... dang, it was amazing. Not "good" in a sexually lustful way, but good appearance overall. Okay, but some were slightly (and others more slightly)... "foine" as the saying goes. Which reminds me of a song by NFG called "Congrats You're Beautiful." "She walks in the room Her nose in the air. All jaws drop, The guys just stare. Perfect complexion, Perfect smile The spotlight's on her, But meanwhile..." And it goes on, but I can't remember the words, and I also can't understand them when they are sung. Something about a girl named Francine or something, I dunno... Song of the Day is "My Alien" by Simple Plan. it's funny, cuz the dude's girlfriend is an alien. But I like the starting verse. "I'm sick of being alone When are you coming home? Just a glimpse of your face I remember smelling your hair I'll meet you anywhere Somewhere where no one can retrace Somewhere where no one will no our faces..." I also wrote a song today. Kyle and Julie and I think Erin liked it. It's called "False Accusations," like the penalty in Mao. Holler back, Melissa and other Strip-Mao players! Well, I really need to get to finishing my theater arts hw. It's sooo gay. Whatever. Wait- I'm just not gonna do it. Hee hee, it feels good to be bad! I feel like Dave, cutting class. At least I'm getting practice for college! God bless

 "He said dolphins used to walk on the land." "Whaaaat?" Today back from Easter break kinda sucked. Long and boring. I also found out some bad news. I am SO sorry. Please accept my condolences. Anything I could do to help, just ask. And this goes for all of you; if you ever need anything, don't be hesitant to ask me. I went to Theiss today for a D.A.R.E. role model thingy. Lauren Rocco and I got to get up in front of the whole 5th grade class and answer kids' questions about high school and middle school and drugs. Fun stuff, it was. I told them about the time I was offered alcohol, and my friend specifically said, "Peer pressure, Sean, peer pressure." I told them about myself, and yada yada yada. Answered questions about what sports I like, and things of the druggish nature. I hope I helped straighten them out some. Oh and there was this one hot chick in the second row... man, she's gonna be fine when she's older... And all the girls kept looking at me and smiling and stuff, and that was way cool. Sean has chicks interested in him! Oh, wait- they're 10 years old. Plans ruined. Whatever. Lauren and I whispered to each other a lot and made fun of some of them and the officer who was fat and wore pants that were too tight. Hee hee... some were really nerdy, but some seemed cool. Hard to believe I was ever like them... And after it was over everyone kept asking if we knew their bro or sis and one kid came up to me and said, "I know y'all weren't telling the truth on all that stuff," like he didn't believe we had never done drugs or anything. I set him straight, though, so it's cool. Now he knows for a fact that I shoot up all the time. Well, baseball practice then NHS inductions. Yahoo. NOT. God bless

 Dave, those are very good quotes- I say the first one all the time, and I'm going to utilize it now. "It's like Speed 2 but with a bus instead of a boat!" Fun fun weekend Sean had. Hope y'all did too. And I also hope you had a good Resurrection Sunday! That's what I call Easter. It's kinda technical and it makes me sound smart, so I use it. New Orleans and Mississippi were fun, and I think Andrew had a good time as well. We ran the Crescent City Classic on Saturday, and though it was hot and humid and I hadn't run since last Saturday, and my left leg hurt like crap the first two miles, I pulled out an OK time of 43:03. Not bad, but my Bayou City Classic beat this one by 2 minutes. Meh. M-E-H. Meh. I got in the top 500 of about 20,000 participants, so I get a free commemorative poster. Score! I am sooo going to hell. I hope I live long enough to go to confession on Saturday, so that I might only get Purgatory... Mrs. Mallery: "Yes, you're talking, but I'm not listening to you." Song of the Day is "Mood Ring" by Relient K. It's really a true song, and kinda funny too. Here's two good parts: "We all know the girls that I am talking about. She liked you Wednesday, But now it's Friday And she has to wash her hair. And it figures that we'll never figure them out First she's Jekyll, Then she's Hyde At least she makes a lovely pair." Then: "Mood ring, oh mood ring Oh tell me, will you bring The key To unlock this mystery... Of girls and their emotions Play it back in slow motion So I May understand the complex infrastructure known as the female mind." Word. Girls are crazy, but I love them so much. Once I get one for my very own, I'll be super happy. And Andrew and I dicussed this over the weekend. I could have probably have had a few girlfriends over the course of my high school years thus far had I not been searching for one that I like, and just gone for one for the sake of having one. But that's not who I am. I want to have a girlfriend whom I genuinely like, and who likes me back. But how can I like a person if I don't know them? Of course: dating. I've heard this so much from Lauren Rocco, that I need ot take a girl out on a date. The problem is, no one "dates" anymore. I say to hell with that. I say we bring back dating. Any girl that reads this and would like ot go on a date with me, just lemme know. There'd be no romantic pressure; it'd just be something where we get to know each other better. If it clicks, well hooray. If not, there's no obligation to return (unless I ask, "Hey, can I see you again sometime?" like in movies. Hee hee). Seriously, im me or call me or talk to me at school if you'd like to explore this option. I know I sure as heck would. I missed everyone when I was gone. I want you all to know that. Seriously, everyone who reads this (and even a lot who don't) mean so much to me. I have no idea what I'd do without you guys. Thanks for being as awesome as you are! Well, it's 8:13. I guess I'd better get to bed. *Yaaawwwnn* It's been a long weekend. Fun and interesting. Definitely one for the record books. "I feel pretty... Oh so pretty... I feel pretty and witty and gay I feel stunning Oh so stunning Something something something... Who's that pretty girl in the mirror there? What mirror where?" Adios. God bless

 "Always give in to peer pressure, Lisa." Hidey-ho, everybofy. Andrew and I are in New Orleans right now, so the lack of i.m.-ing or blogging, you'll just have to deal with it. And yes, we are havng more fun making out with random women than you ever will in Spring, TX. This one chick...she...touched my pepe. I liked that. School sucks. Jesus died today, and that sucks even more. Andy and I are gonna visit a store called the "Funky Monkey" and it's a vintage store. Just like the Left-Handed Monkey. What is it with old clothes and the word "monkey"? It's like, a monkey wears old clothes or something. Psycho. Sunday is Easter. Rejoice in the rebirth of the Lord and His glory! Yahooo! Winnie the Pooh is a drug addict. Andrew and I have come to this conclusion after much examination and speculation of the movie/show. here are our following reasons for thinking so: He's always after "honey." Rabbit grows the stuff he likes to eat; and is always on uppers, seeing as he is a neurotic fool. Piglet is a hermaphrodite homosexual with OCD (obsessive-compulsive disorder). Christopher Robin is gay (in the first episode he nails Eeyore in the ass). Heffalumps and Woozles are creations of Pooh's paranoia. Pooh always talks to the mirror and is polite to it. He always has the munchies. Tigger is bi and on ecstasy and speed- where does he get all that energy?! Roo is a transsexual who has no pants. Eeyore is a homeless drunk, because he has a house made of sticks and is always depressed. Gopher is the black friend with the hookups- he always has what Pooh is looking for. Rabbit is the "distribution engineer." The Hundred Acre Wood is like the Bronx, with trees. Owl is like the eternally high mentor-type guy who aids Pooh on his "journey through life." They are always tripping out, pretending they are pirates or some crap like that. Stuffed animals talking? Someone's high... Walt Disney was a pervert- but a cool one. Think about these things. They all ring true, and so Pooh was about drugs, and that's all there is to say. I may be able to update more later. Catch you folks on the flip-side. Wurd. God bless

 "Now, bacon your sausage!" Well... yup... mm hmm... so much going on right now that I just might explode. Not. I am actually kinda bored. I like NFG. Yes indeedy-do... Oh, but a cool highlight of my day was seeing Kelly Wayland at the Rockfish Grill. She's kinda cute... I ordered the New England Baked Stuffed Fish or something like that. It was good. And last time I went to that restaurant, I saw Coach Yates. Creepy. Oh, and news about the coaches: Kenjura left a while back, and just yesterday they replaced him with some old guy who was here forever ago. So Konicki says he is quitting (NOOOOO!!!) and I think Butler might leave, and Yates-ey Boy is even thinking about leaving, too I heard. Snap, I don't think I'd run track next year if that happened... I mean, no Scotty? Diggity. My world is falling down arond me. Next year might suck SOOO bad, and not just for track. Damn. That's the only word I can use to describe it all. Damn. On a lighter note, for those of you enjoy my Pokemon skills, I will be not doing anything remotely involving Pokemon again, hopefully for the rest of my life. And now I just got word from Erin that Coach Reidel might quit too. Damn, I say to you. Beaver dam... Well, my mood for tonight is kinda ruined by the massive changes that I am fearing in the future. God, have mercy on my soul. Sheezy, I need to soak up summer so good, as best as I can, because it's all gonna be... different. I WANT ETERNAL YOUTH!!!! Agggh! Whatever. I'm out like a deaf kid in musical chairs. God bless

 Hey, sometimes my computer restarts itself, and I get kicked off. But, stupid AIM says I'm still on, and so you people talk to nothing. I apologize for that. I always answer people, so if there is no answer, it means I am not there. I do not like to be rude. Also, I always say goodbye before I sign off, so if it just cuts off, it is because my computer botched up, but AIM was smart, or my dad comes home or upstairs and I have to rush to sign off withoutbeing caught instant messaging, which he does not like me doing. So, in short, I just wanted to clear up any possible past, present, or future misunderstandings that may have or might occur. Have a great day. God bless

 "Yes, I made it! Wow, I'm making record time! If only I had someplace to be..." I must have the stupidest dog in the world. Really. She's brain-dead. Like a retard in the dog world. Sheesh... Speaking of human retards, I keep mine in cages. Last week, I had to cut Louie with my envelope seal because he was trying to make an "I Like You" card for Sarah. I shot Manny in the foot for trying to run away. The more I look at them, the more vomit I have to clean off myself. They are nice pets, though, and I wouldn't trade them for anything less than $1.63 and a half a piece of orange construction paper. Sometimes at night they try to hug me, but I use my tazer on them until they collapse in convulsions and I roll their writhing bodies back into their "habitats." And I'm also going to hell. Lauren Rocco is starting a Catholic club at school. Yay for her, and for me cuz I'l be in it cuz i'm Catholic cuz it's cool and I'll stop saying "cuz." I think I am reverting back to my old and bad self. Not sketchy or anything, but not moral and good either. I have been insulting people and talking bad about others and am lusting and thinking bad thoughts about hurting people and all that jazz. Maybe it's just anticipation for summer. That's gotta be it. So if I offend you or anything, please don't take it personally... unless I say "Hey, please take this personally." Well, nap (hopefully) and possible baseball practice and running with gorgeous Erin. I'm out like the Genie after Aladdin rubs the lamp. God bless

 "The Simpsons are going to Paris!" Melissa has a slight tendency towards miscreantism. Good golly, Miss Molly! It's been a while since the last post here. Sorry. I have been busy, and- oh wait- I kinda stopped caring. This no longer holds so much meaning to me as it used to. I think I may be getting my priorites straight. Huzzah. nom de taper: i feel ya brother that runnerguy86: oh, would you? For those of you that don't get it, you don't deserve to have it explained to you. Kinda like Aerosmith: "Love in an elevator, I'm livin' it up when I'm going down..." Shout out to Erin: "Sexy!...kinda." I made my music video finally. It turned out ok, and for those of you who want to see it, well, you probably won't be able to. But for those who saw it, props to you. And mad props (not just normal props) to Kelly A. and Julie for helping me, and Jeff for being a.... creative influence. Home videos of the Adams family are fun! I am greatly afraid of Platypus Rex. Next year will be scary. No seniors (wait- that's us!) and no friends. Everyone will be busy with other stuff and conflicting schedules (pronounced shed-wools) could present some problems. Maybe summer will rock the house. Or my face. Or both. Sam has half-black cousins. Wow. Well, I'm out like the fat kid in dodgeball. Nah, that one's overused... I'm out like the power at Bryan-College Station today! Ohhhh! Dave, you got that one! God bless

 "My son is not a communist. He may be a thief, a liar, a good-for-nothing, and a communist, but he is NOT a porn star!" Roccy543: i get happy when people i know go to the monkey There's nothing quite like seeing your own blood on your hands after inflisting damage upon yourself. It's like, "Whoa..." Ha ha... My shirt is cool. I am wearing it right now. I will wear it tomorrow. You may not like it as much as I do, but I don't care. What would the world be like without hypothetical questions? The more one wants to get a French braid in their hair, the less likely the chance that they will shoot John Wayne. Bedtime. I go sleep now. Sean tired. Pillow soft. Ahhh, pillow... God bless

 "Stupid anti-fist-shaking laws..." Well, lazy day today. Very good, very good. Valerie showed me her prom dress- it's amazing! Black with spirally flowery silvery thingies. Definitely way cool. I went to get a tux today but lo and behold, Al's Formal Wear is closed on Sundays. Whaddya know... So I got to go to the Left-Handed Monkey! Score! Simon was there, and there were so many cool shirts, but I didn't have enough money for all of them and only about 3 fit me. Maybe next time... We shall see. I gotta go pick up my bro from church. Peace out, suckas. God bless

 "No, you idiots! It's only funny in a small car!" Howdy, doody. Track meet yesterday sucked balls, but it's cool. I had a good season, so there's really nothing I should complain about. The meet itself was alright, but I ran badly. My muscles really hurt right now, so whichever girl(s) would like to massage my body, go right ahead. Painting again this weekend, but it's over now. Yahoo! My abs got a good workout from leaning out of windows and stuff. Grrr, baby, yeah! Song of the Day is "Unchained Melody." I believe the Righteous Brothers sang it. I think it is like the greatest love song ever, along with "I Can't Help Falling in Love With You" which was performed by the one and only Elvis Presley. I kinda put that one in my blog last week. He also covered this one, too. What a stud. "Oh, my love, my darling I've hungered for your touch A long, lonely time And time goes by, So slowly And time can do so much Are you still mine? I need your love, I need your love God speed your love to me Lonely rivers flow to the sea, to the sea To the waiting arms of the sea. Lonely rivers cry, wait for me, wait for me To the open arms, wait for me My love, my darling, I've hungered for your kiss Are you still mine? I need your love, I need your love God, speed your love, to me" And it goes on like that. Very nice if I do say so myself. Well, I need a shower and to get to work on my music video (hopefully!). Catch you on the flip side. I am also perhaps going to the Left-Handed Monkey today and to get a tux for prom. Whoop whoop! God bless

 "Yee-haw! Score one for the bad guys!" KATIE- Klan Advocate who Takes Intravenous Ecstasy Anyone else want your name in here, post in my forum or i.m. me. God bless

 "Ahh! Cobras!" Hey. Again. I am in math after school. Holy moley, it's a great day outside. I played keep-away in track with Erin and Kelcee and others and then ran a hurdle race against Kelly. I won that, but he had one more hurdle to go over, so I guess it wasn't fair. Whatever- a win is a win! "When you receive a medal for victory, do not shove it in your opponent's face, saying, 'Look at what I got! I'll give it to you for 50 bucks and a date with your mom!' " Some acronyms that apply to the animal kingdom: CAT- Cows Against Trains DOG- Dang Old Gophers MOUSE- Many Ostentatious and Ugly, Stupid Elephants PIG- Pigeons In Guatemala CHICKEN- Cats Hurl In Crawfish's Klein Entertainment Niche POSSUM- Possums Owning Some Stinky Unearthed Mangoes EMU- Every Marmoset Undulates Ok... that was a waste of your time. I'm sorry. Oh wait; no I'm not. I enjoy typing stupid stuff like that. Here are some name acronyms for people I know: KYLE- Kicking Young Licker of Eggs CHRISTIE- Commanding Heiress of Royal Ignorance with a Side of Turtle Intestine Ends KELLY- Killer of Eagles who Likes Little Yaks SAM- Smelly American-Mimicker ERIN- Easily Reversible Indian Nagger VALERIE- Very Able at Learning Everything Rhetorical In English RAJ- Ruggedly Alarming Jowls BRAD- Big Radical Albert (Einstein) Debunker MO- Molester of Owls JULIE- Just Uncovered Loveable Ink Emptiers MELISSA- My Eager Little Imp Steals Sausages Always CASEY- Can Anyone See Emily Yet? EMILY- Early Men Inside Local Yugos DAVE- Daring And Vulnerable Ego LAUREN- Leans Against Underwear Racks Every Night KRISTY- Koalas Run Into Sizeable Talking Youngsters SEAN- Silly Egotistical And Narcissistic Well then. Hope you enjoyed those. Probably not, but that's the best I could hope for. Anyways, I'll leave you to get on with your other duties that are certainly way more important than reading this. Have a great day! Enjoy the nice weather! God bless

 "Hey Dad, let's send our video to FOX. They'll take anything!" "Now Son, they do a lot of quality programming..." Together: "Ha ha ha ha ha!" I seem to be a blogging maniac recently- I have too much time on my hands that I don't spend on homework. I know y'all really don't care, but hey, it's cool. Oh whyyy do you tell me to eat that? I don't want that! Get it away from meee! Go Varsity Track! Districts today and Friday. Ours is Saturday at Collins. I run at 10:30 and 4:30 or so. Come watch me. You know you want me! I mean, you know you want to... or both. :-) Wise men say: only fools rush in. But I can't help falling in love with you. Like a river flows, surely to the sea; darling so it goes- some things were meant to be. Take my hand, take my whole life too; for I can't help falling in love with you. "The chickens can't fly, but that doesn't mean that you shouldn't overcook the gravy." Riiight. Sorry I'm being so stupid right now. Have a good day, and I'll make a worthier blog later, if I'm not completely swamped with Women's Reader for history.

 "Get me out of here this instant!" "What's that you say? You want the pee bucket on your head?" "No! You're twisting my words!" I did NO homework today. Chalk another one up for Sean. George got contacts... my world is falling down around me... I am gonna try out for Bearkadette Escort because Standleader just isn't cool enough for me. I should flex my muscles, and as all the girls say, "Oooh! Ahhh! Wow!" I'll go, "My curves are real... are yours?" Get it? Hee hee hee, I'm so bad... Slight funk today and yesterday- through it. Going through life with renewed vigor- hope it lasts! My sis and I had a great time tonight looking at my "file" that my parents keep on me. It's full of old stuff like report cards, pictures, SAT scores, drawings, etc. Well, let me tell you, I got made fun of a lot. But it was funny! My pictures are so weird and goofy... Man, I never realized how diminutive and weird-looking and nerdy I was. Like seriously, this was insane. Glad that's changed. Oh wait; no it hasn't! Song of the Day is: Worst That Could Happen" by Brooklyn Bridge. As you can tell, I've come up with a new format for the songs I put on here- it's so much easier for y'all to read them now! "Girl... I heard you're getting married Heard you're getting married. This time you're really sure... So this is the end... They say you really mean it. This guy's the one who makes you feel So safe, so sane and so secure, And, Baby, if he loves you more than me... Maybe it's the best thing Maybe it's the best thing For you... But it's the worst that could happen... to me." *Tear* I used to listen to that with my dad in the car my grandma now owns like when we lived in Connecticut FOREVER ago. It still touches me deep inside. Like I touch your mom. Whoops, that was supposed to be a secret... Anyway, I'm sure you're sick of my ramblings, so I'll go now. Have a great night, folks! God bless

 "It's all your fault! Curse you and your Bobby Sherman-good looks!" "Homer, Lisa did this of her own free will." "I'm sorry, I wasn't listening... I was lost in your eyes..." Hmm. Well, my earlier entry from today was rather uncalled for. Sorry, y'all. I was a little angry, but for no reason whatsoever. Maybe it's because of the bad news I have to tell a certain someone, and SOON before it gets out of hand. Whatever. We'll see how it goes. Yes, it involves a girl, but it's not the one that most of you are thinking about. I think. Maaaaath is fuuuuuun! I think I've got a B in here! Huzzah! The more girls and squirrels we invite to the party, the more twirls and curls we fight to the... hearty? Yeah. I've already told a total of one people (or I guess I should say "person") about the make-out party at my house on Friday. Be there or be square. I won't be there, cuz I have a baseball game, but you guys can still have fun at my "crib." A certain someone can come with Paul, another certain two people can come with each other, and a certain Genna Lubrano can come to my baseball game and we'll make out there. And she can bring Christie, Melissa and Emily. It'll be "arousing" good time. Ha ha ha ha, I'm so sorry.... I made up a song today in physics while I was supposed to be learning DC electronics- type stuff. Like AC/DC- "You... shook me alllll niiight long... Yeah yeah you..." But anyway, MY song Julie really liked. I'll put some of it in here. It rhymes too much, but that's ok. The title is "I'm Too Volatile." "I blow a fuse; I choose to lose The happiness, the sappiness Of everything you say today Go away Something's wrong with me, I seem to be Idiotic, dumb, moronic Choices I make, to take Everything away." Hooray, there it is. Well, I need to get back to work. Peace out, fools! Enjoy the nice day! God bless

 Shuttup. All of you. Just shut up .

 "There's a crayon in my brain?" I need to blog for Melissa, that wonderful girl whom I love so much and everyone should get to know her. And stay away from her cat who won't put out, though goodness knows she will. ;-) I have never licked a spark plug, I have never sniffed a stink bug... I have never painted daisies on a big red rubber ball.... I have never bathed in yogurt, and I don't look good in leggings... and I've never been to Boston in the fall! Yay, Relient K! I wonder what it would be like to play with a rabid chipmunk, while at the same time doing multivariable calculus upside-down in an ice cream parlor with three golden modems who never stop beeping... My creative juices are not flowing right now. So sorry, Mel. Maybe if you and I make out sometime, I could make it up to you. I'll try and blog later tonight, and hopefull yit will be good! God bless

 "Increase my killing power, eh?" In math I am. I love this class. I mean, where else in the school can you blog during class? And I think I have a "B" in here. Sweet, no? My froogle won't fleem its flim-flam unless I zorp the muenty out of the skiddley. Relient K is a great band. Their song, "The Pirates Who Don't Do Anything" is funny. And it's like a bunch of "I have never's" which, yes Melissa and Julie, I will bring back. The song will be SoD when I have more time. Be prepared.... (Like in the Lion King, remember?) Riiight... God bless

 "We have a gas leak here... ok... brain damage?... well, what if it's outside in a well-ventilated area?... how could that possibly be worse?!" I should SO be doing homework right now. I have no work ethic anymore. I have discovered that I need a few things. I don't want these to control my mind or anything... A girlfriend Good grades Emotional reciprocation Lots of hugs Lots of kisses Lots of chocolate-covered M&M's (if that makes sense) Cheese popcorn A girlfriend Permanent control over the car A GREAT relationship with God A first kiss A girlfriend A plan for my life. These aren't coming around anytime soon, though. But running with Erin is, so I'd better go. If you guys have any leads or something to help me achieve the reception of any of those aforementioned items, let me know. I just need to take the initiative and make something happen. "Pray like it's up to God, and act liek it's up to you." But I don't know what I want to happen- that's the bummer. Once I get that figured out, I'll head full steam towards it. Then you'd better watch out, cuz if you're in my way, it'll be like getting hit with a train. Ha ha, anyways, I'll be back later. Maybe. God bless

 "Homer, could I take it off? The oil is burning my finger." Holy moley- I read these and thought they were hilarious. I would say hardly any apply to me, cuz most are disgusting and immoral- but funny! Visit http://www.theonion.com/onion3912/prom-planning_tips.html. Cut and paste that into your web browser. You'll enjoy it. Maybe. God bless

 "This is the Chinese mafia... they'll kill you six times before you hit the ground." Hoooowwwwdy, y'all! Yesterday was such a nice day outside. Not perfect; there were some rain clouds, but it was still good. I got to hang out at the park with Michelle Edman and Kathleen Murto, and Ese (Eric Gomez, for those of you not in track) and that was fun. We played with a tennis ball and a gingerbread blanket and generally enjoyed the nice weather. Yay! We finally lost a baseball game yesterday. *Sigh* We were undefeated, our record being 5-0, but we just gave the Hawks like 6 runs, and thus were well on our way to our first defeat. Whateva. Had a pretty good night last night. Yup. Andrew was, well, how shall I put this? "busy" and so he and I didn't hang. Instead, I got some hw done (what? On a Saturday night?! Are you kidding me? By my troth, I am not, sir!) and went and bought the new Relient K CD, "Two Lefts Don't Make a Right... But Three Do." Clever, eh? So of course the Song of the Day will be from it: "In Love With the '80s." "So it was Jeremy in 1983, in his Ocean Pacific t, who got a bloody knee... on his skateboard, in the halfpipe, in a backyard that Tuesday night.... And I'm only gonna pierce my left ear... And I've been working on this moustache all summer long... My favorite band will always be Tears for Fears... And I'm gonna wear a pink tux to the prom." Hee hee, it's kinda funy. Lots of allusions to the 80s, that you have to understand if you'd find it humorous. After buying the CD, I went to see Kelly at work for all of 5 minutes when I bought some gum, and on my way out I ran into Kyle. Literally, I was running, and nearly crashed into him head-on. So I headed over to Theiss cuz by then all the parks were closed, and sat on the playground equipment for about 20 minutes, just...sitting. I wasn't really thinking, or praying or meditating. Just kinda sitting, and enjoying the warmness of the night, and...sitting. It was great. I gotta do that again sometime soon. Anyone who wants to come is welcome. 'Tis grand. Well, I am soooo hungry that my hands are shaking as I type this, and I need to get some more homework done. Before I forget, my Confirmation is April 27th, at about 4:30, I think, at St. Ignatius church. It is like the biggest step of faith in all my life, and anyone who wants to come see it is very welcome. Dave and his A&M buds are even coming down for it, so that tells you how important it is, if it can drag Dave all the way down here! Ha ha, but seriously, I'd appreciate anyone to come, and there is a reception-thingy afterwards in the social hall where I believe they have...yes, you guessed it: refreshments. Yeah, so I'll keep you updated and stuff. Party on! God bless

 "Sparkle, sparkle!" Well, the biggest news of today was not making first cut for Standleader. I was really bummed, but thought about it, and now I'm ok. I guess it's better to get cut in this first round than try out and have to go to the Variety Show and not get announced and everything. I dunno. I have gotten used to failure a lot in the past 365 days. Not making Bearkadette Escort (which I might try out for again this year) or Standleader, bad math grades, losing the girl (way too many times), not being able to break 5:00 in the mile, and the list goes on... But it's all okay. God has a plan for me, and gosh darn it, I'm gonna follow that plan whether I like it or not! And He means for everything to work out for the best for me, and I need to appreciate that more than I already do. Hopefully, once I am fully happy with the way things are going my opinon will remain one of contentment. That would suck to be happy then get miserable by wanting something unnecessary, and have it cloud my mind and my very existence. Here's something I made up, and yet it is so true: "One person can't change the world. They can instigate a digression from the norm, but it's up to everyone else to make something happen." Congrats: Julie, Christie, Lauren, Kyle, Andrew, Sam, Sammy y Diego, John and Michael, Maria, Katie, Sandra, Ashley, and all you others! I know that like every single one of you will be picked. Have lots of fun and make it something to remember forever! I'll miss you all next year!!! I am sooo tired.... Come to our track car wash tomorrow between 10:00 and 2:00. Maybe after SAT's for those of you taking it. Go Pam and Emily! Oh, and I have a baseball game tomorrow, so I'll only be at the wash until 11 or so, so if any of you ladies would like to see Sean with his shirt off and his absolutely astounding muscles blowing everyone away, come then. I might be wearing a shirt, however, as it may not be hot enough outside yet, and I wouldn't wanna embarass anyone or make them look skinny in comparison to me. Cuz that's the kinda guy I am. I am kinda high or something, probably vicariously from "Requiem for a Dream" which I watched again tonight. "I just love thinkin' about the red dress..." Yes, more random original Sean quotes- you know you love them: "When the world stops spinning, that will be the day I stop loving you... but only because the centrifugal force will hurl us off the planet into outer space." "My hot tub will be set to 'grapefruit.' " "The more the ocean moves, the more I feel like eating red velvet cake." "Life in general sucks; unless you have the vacuum cleaner on reverse." "Love isn't an easy game to play- the rules are unclear, the teams are confusing, and no one ever knows if they've gone out-of-bounds." "Why must animals be mistreated? If you were an ugly dog, wouldn't you want someone to put a bag over your head so the embarassment of your disfigured face wouldn't frighten small children?" "Fast food is good. Good to go!" Ha ha ha!!! "Running is pointless... all that exercise and you end up in the same place you started." Well, I need to git to bed. Tired I am. Have a great weekend, everybody! God bless

 "If Milhouse jumped off a cliff, would y-" "Milhouse jumped off a cliff?! I'm there!" Good morning and such. No one is reading this now... it's 6:45... no one in their right mind would be up. I just had to do like 5 sections of Thinkfive multiple choice before math today. Those of you who are taking calculus next year will know what I'm talking about soon enough. Muwahahaha! This is the last time I wil blog before I found out who made the first Standleader cut. Eeeeeeek. I just want all of you to know that I think most of you would be excellent Standleaders, no matter what these teacher recommendations say or how the final cut goes, and I'll enjoy watching those who DO make it from the stands. Make my football games fun for me! Wahooo! Well, I should maybe eat breakfast, unlike someone who is fasting roughly 35 hours... I hope this doesn't have to do with that strapless, "shows every curve" prom dress... You know who you are, and you're absolutely fine just the way you be now. Fasting won't help, though. Good old-fashioned running, and also swimming like you did the other day is grrrreat. And stick to healthy foods. No Toblerones... and there's more than one reason for that one! Hee hee... Well, by the time you read this, it may be too late, but GOOD LUCK FOR STANDLEADER WANNABES! Get picked! I'm out like... a light, I guess. I mean, that makes the most sense. God bless

 "My ear hurts, and my neck hurts... I have two owies." Quick addendum: went to the drum show tonight. It was phenomenal. As I told a few others tonight, and please don't think I'm weird for saying this, but, "I almost jizzed my pants." It was that good. And Julie now knows what that means, so she can particpate in the squeals of disgust. Sonic with Maria, katie, Julie, Alex, Pam, Kristy, and Mandy. Good stuff, though I was the only person who got anything to eat/ drink... Peace out, homies. God bless

 Bill Clinton : "Remember, Lisa: if things don't go your way, keep complaining until your dreams come true." Lisa : "That's a pretty lousy moral." Clinton : "Well, I'm a pretty lousy president." Happy day today. Sean got asked to prom. And if Sean doesn't stop referring to himself in the third person, Sean is going to get beat up. Anywho. The wonderful Valerie Berlin asked me, and of course I said yes. I mean, who could decline such a fantabulous person? Soitenly not me. :-D Our calculus class is a bunch of savages when it comes to free food... I also ran a time-trial in the 2-mile because we didn't have a meet. Of course I beat all the JV so I am running both the one and two mile races next Saturday at Klein Collins for our district meet. Huzzah. Come and see me! It's not like you have anything better to do. Unless you do... And this Saturday come and stop by the Louetta parking lot for our track car wash. If you wanna see some hot girls (such as Erin) and hot guys (such as myself...) in bathing suits with sponges and hoses and water and wetness all around, come by! It's free, with hamburgers and stuff to eat (donations readily accepted!). Well I gotta get ready for drum show. Catch you later. God bless

 "Mmm... 64 slices of American cheese..." I have to update cuz I told Melissa I would. The things I do for that woman. Maybe it's because i just want to make her happy so she'll lay me. After my brother, of course. Math sucks. Live with it. Stop whining about it. And I should take my own advice. Only 8 more weeks... AAGHHH!! I'm not gonna make it! This summer will not be as fun as I thought it would be. I will be gone kind of a lot, and Kyle will be gone and Kelly will be gone, and Kelly O will move away and so will Erin and everyone will abandon me when I am here, and oh no my friends are disappearing like candy in my brother's hand. Maybe Sam will play with me... and I hope I don't have to resort to Gilbert... Oh Lord, please help me... Monster Mash! Maybe Emily will play with me too. That'd be fun. And perhaps Christie and Melissa. We shall see... God bless

 "Worst episode ever." Well, well. Turns out Sean has a good chance to do something that most juniors have to wait for. Not jinxing myself yet, but I know I'd have a lot of fun doing it. :-) Ok day today. Grrrreat sunset going on. Sorry you're missing it, Kelly. Work from 4-10? Man, that sucks. Track was alright. Found out I'm defnitely running the mile in district race next Saturday, and maybe both tomorrow, depending on how I feel. I hope I do better than last week. I sucked it up pretty bad. And no, I don't mean brown-nosing. Or "getting my second wind." I mean, sucked. Just flat-out did bad. Worst race of the year....5:16... pathetic. But I did realize something today- I'm one of the best milers in the school. I'm better than like 99% of the student population. He he, suckers. I have a lot of history to study for, and english and calculus to do so I should get started on those. BJ is coming to our meet tomorrow, at Tomball High School. Anyone else is welcome to come too! Enjoy the time you have in the shower: it's like the only time you can be naked and not have people looking at you. Unless you livein a colony of blind people who constantly run into each other but cannot see you naked. Sorry about all this nude talk. I'm very weird. I just can't get over the curves on my body... wait, did I say curves? Like as in muscles? I'm sorry; I meant dimples. Ripples. Molehills. Small bumps . But hopefully by the summer I'll be slightly bigger due to my 2-3 times a week in the weight room. "This is the thunder... this is the lightning... don't get caught in the storm! Yaarrgh! " Shout out, Diego, Sammy and Dave! God bless

 "A seagull took my sailor hat..." I'm not even in orchestra and I hate it. No group of non-sunset-watching, non-SWAT Team approving, non-straight, non-not annoying, non-nice, non-punctual Communist Nazis make me angrier. The kids in orch are fine, but the class, directors, and organization as a whole sucks. Or so I've been told. Don't hold any bias against me for these past few statements. I saw a great quote earlier today, and I forgot it. It was funny. If you remember it, please let me know. This is really bugging me... Here's one to chew on, though. Props to Dave. "A good friend will bail you out of jail. A great friend will be sitting next to you saying, 'Dang, that was fun!' " Melissa is stange. But way cool. I'll give her that much. She likes my bro in ways I will never understand. Holy snap, he's 15 today... good freaking gravy. My life as I know it is now swirling downward like a piece of wayward toilet paper encircling the inside of a still-flushing porcelain throne. I hope sex is as good as they say it is, so I'm not holding out for nothing. The more I think about you, the more I want to put a paper bag over your head and kick you in the rear. Life is hard; get used to bribing people to get what you want. Condoms don't work; they're too lazy. Get it? Work, as in a vocation? *Sigh* The trouble with being an intellectual is the terrible loneliness at the top... I passed my Confirmation interview today and won my baseball game. What a fantastic day. I love life. Congratulations Jamie on making the NET Team! You rule!! "Oh, snap!" Jamie is a totally cool person, and one of my small-grouop leaders at my last retreat. He's got it going on when it comes to God. Maybe he didn't a while back, but now I know he's headed in the right direction to be the religious bad-A I know he can be. Sling shots! I need to write about jumbo shrimp, salty flowers, sour cream puffs in the sky, and another thing or two that I already forgot in my next blog. I'll let you know, Kelly. Peace out, dudes and dudettes. Shower and sleep time. God bless

 "Mmm...donuts..." Well, it seems you'll get to read this after school (which you probably would anyway) because the publish function isn't working right now. My blog from yesterday was fun- read it. Yes, I'm in calculus right now. I seem to have returned to my bad habits of blogging instead of working. *Sigh* But such is life- I try and make it fun. Oh, and we don't find out about Standleaders until Friday! Dang it... the suspense is killing me- literally. It's stalking me at night, following me home from my baseball games, waiting in the shadows to stab me in the face with a herring. Bum bum buuummmm.... I guess I'd better get to working if I'd like to pass this six weeks. My house is full of Suspense- he's after me! Save yourselves! Agghhhh!!!.... God bless

 "Bart, stop pestering Satan!" Gawd, I'm sick of pool parties. If you ask me to one more pool party, I'm going to shoot your goshdamn face off. Met some new people today. Won't remember any of them except Lauren Amadaro or something like that. I don't care. Riddle me this: "Why?" Finally got to go to Melissa's house today. That was cool. It was even cooler because there were actually people there, so I didn't have to break in. Even cooler than that was the fact that Melissa was there. I am not high or drunk, nor have I ever been. This is not like my usual blogs, and I apologize for the use of profanity. Jacob Stanfield needs more friends- and Ryan Rudin and his posse need to stop drinking alcohol. But who am I to guide others' lives? I certainly ain't Jesus. Melissa- thanks for signing off without saying goodbye. All you had to do was answer "no" to my question. "Brb" was up there a long time, then *poof* you were gone.. what the hell am I talking about? I am so tired. I just want to curse like a drunken sailor in this blog right now. Sheezy, that would feel good. I'm not angry at anyone or anything, it's just that cursing would be so... appropriate right now. These entries need interjections of swear words to liven them up. Smurfin' A, dude. Freaking 90-hour long graduation tomorrow. maybe Casey and I will catch a big-ass smurfin' nutria afterward. That should be fun. I'm out like disco. God bless

 "Elmo is angry!" Went golfing today, and it was very fun. On the last hole, the dudes made me laugh, so I hit the ball, but it didn't go in the air, but hit the yellow tee marker in front of us and since that thing was angled, the ball flew like 200 feet straight up. It was awesome! Now my arms are waaayyy tan, and my midsection kinda looks pale. And apprently I'm supposed to hang out with some hot freshman (sophomore now!) tomorrow. Whatever. Pool party tonight at 7:00. You're all invited- it's at Elizabeth McClung's house. Call me if you need directions, or are contemplating suicide. Cheese is good. that runnerguy86: i'm in a no-win situation God bless

 "My eyes! The goggles do nothing!" The only thing that I liked out of today was the pool party. And Salvation Army with BJ and Andrew. And giving Kelly her graduation presents. And the good weather outside. And (this sounds bad, but it's really not) not seeing Pam today- I need a break or I could get sick of her, and vice versa. Lord knows I would never want that to happen. Really, I wouldn't! Pushed Steven Lopez into the pool today and his phone got ruined. He was rather pissed, and he chased me, but I am in track so I outran him. He got my carkeys from Mark Bombulie and he went driving in my car. Luckily, I hopped in the passenger's seat to make sure he didn't do anything harmful to the vehicle. he drove around Terranova West for a little bit, and he said he was going to park in a cul-de-sac and beat me up big time. Fortunately, he didn't, and after apologizing profusely throughout the evening, I think it's ok. Steven, if you're reading this, I'm still very sorry about what happened. I hope it turns out alright. Goodness glaciers, I am sooo tired. Golf tomorrow morning. Yahoo! I am really looking forward to it. Unlike tonight, which sucked balls. My whole mood at Casey's was ruined after the injury to Steven's property. SO I left at about 9:45 and then called Andrew whom had left earlier for some strange reason. I could not get ahold of him, and I hope he wasn't out drinking or anything illicit. Called Pam, called Kyle, called Kelly A. Went to her work, but she wasn't there. Called Erin and talked to her, and that cheered me up, as it usually does. Erin is such an awesome girl- you people who don't know her are really missing out. She's fantastic! Well, that was the emotional highlight of my night, and on my way home I tried Kelly A. once more- turns out she was hanging out with Kyle. Bastards. Sam was getting her mack on- no British time tonight! Called other Kelly, and she was more receptive. I was longing for human contact (intellectual human contact that is, which can only be granted through Kelly, Melissa, Pam, Erin, Dave, Julie or Katie) but I didn't wanna just invite myself over to her house, so I didn't. Whatever. I ended up here, slightly recessed and just tired from all the half-nothingness I did today. Oh! Kelly tried to spike my hair, but it was too long or wet or both and it flopped down, and then she trimmed the back and sides for me. How neat, right? Yeah, it turned out super-well, I thought. I am unbelievably tired right now. I will update more tomorrow before Christie Mechler's pool party ! Yahoooo! Dear lord, I'm going to fall asleep at the keyboard. Goodbye. God bless

 "Milhouse, my mom wears earrings. Do you think she's cool?" "No, I think she's HOT! .... Sorry, it just slipped out." Today is officially the first day of summer for me. However, I started it off by going where? To school, of course! Had to drop off my bro, and then get info regarding the dual credit english class I shall take next year. Well, the sun is shining and it's gonna be a "b-e-a-yootiful" day. Andrew and I are supposed to work out today. I do need to get buff for the possible upcoming trip the Bearkadettes are taking to HAWAII!!! Yahooo! I rather dislike it when people in blogs or profiles or anything of the sort vaguely refer to other people or events. It gets me confused, especially if they mention something a person did to piss them off, and I am never sure if it was me they are mad at. And then the "article" is one whole inside joke with themselves. If you're gonna post a public entry, at least make it able to be understood by those who it is meant to be publicly read by. I'm sure they want to respect others' privacy, but if that is true, why put anything on there at all? Rumors get started that way. I know I would be hypocritical to not name anyone at this point, but starting from my next blog entry, I will try to no longer refrain from using names. I'll grant y'all the privilege of knowing who, what, when, where, why, and how things occur. That good with everyone? Huzzah. An eye-opening conversation I had with Andrew last night: He is somewhat critical of people's looks and personalities. Over time, I think I have become the opposite. I have begun to look for the good in people. I no longer try to criticize their negative traits or character flaws, or imperfections in physical appearance. I focus on what is good about each of those areas, and I try to "accentuate the positives." I dunno; I'm not perfect at it, and don't think I ever will be, but it is something I hope to continue to practice. Whateva. Well, I'm out like a deaf kid in musical chairs. I oughta post some "I have never's" again, whaddya say? Perhaps later today... God bless

 "Making teenagers depressed is like shooting fish in a barrel." Many of you have asked the question: "What's the deal with you and Pam?" The truth is, I don't know. And that's all I can really say. "Schooool's out, for the summer...." Thanks for the heads up, Alice. Well, no more school 'til August 18th. How fun. I have no idea what the smurf I'm gonna do this summer. I had better receive lots of phone calls from all you folks out there. If you ain't got the digits, talk to someone who does. That might be impossible, cuz who are you (and who am I) to know who does or does not have my phone number? Whatever... Just call me. Or instant message me, and I'll give them to you: that runnerguy86 . Unless you're a government spy from the KGB. Possible pool party at Erin's today. Golfing on Thrusday with Joe Craig, Andrew Ebers, and Andrew Chapman. Pool party at Elizabeth's, co-hosted by Christie Mechler; also taking place on Thursday. Gulf Shores, Alabama from July 26 through August 2. A little bit of New Orleans before that. Other than that, folks, I got nothin'. Gimme a buzz and let's see what we can do! Well, off to... do something, I have no idea what. Being out of school so early in the day leaves me with a lack of options. Peace out, suckas. God bless

 "Disco Stu is working pro bono!" OK, I've been lagging recently in my blogging prowess, so here's a quick recap: Orchestra banquet Friday night with Kelly- fun stuff! Kidnapping for Escorts at 5:30 a.m.- it was alright, I guess Running Saturday morning with Pam Sonic after running with Pam Lunch at Fuddrucker's withmy history group, Lauren, Christie, and Henry Left-handed Monkey with Lauren, Christie, and the infamous Simon Haidamous Mall with Pam, Alison, and Jon "Bruce Almighty" with Pam, Lindsey, Maria, and Mandy Pam came over late at night, and we kinda got in trouble, but not really, and she met my mom at 1:30 a.m. Cleaned my room Sunday morning Galveston with the family- no swimming, just... Galveston Starbuck's with Andrew, Melissa, and Lindsey Lori Young's graduation party with Pam, Kristy, Julie, Erin, and many others Running Monday morning with Erin- thanks so much for making me go!!! I needed it Going to run errands with... you guessed it: Pam. She's so cool! that runnerguy86: what's going on? mo42186: veggin out that runnerguy86: ah, the joys of holiday... Well, I'd better go put on my make-up. I mean, blow-dry my hair. I mean, try on my new skirt. I mean... get ready to leave. Yeah, that works... I'll see you guys later. Gimme lotsa calls this summer!!! God bless

 "Disco Stu does not advertise." Wow, this weekend has been fun. I've listened to "Hurricane" like schfifty-five million times, and loved it each time. Yahoo for Pam! Would write more, but I'm dead tired. Enjoy your third day of the weekend! God bless

 "Maybe he disappeared into fat air... heh heh heh." Well, I just finished my smurfin' Women's Reader! Smurf yeah! Now I have no more smurfin' schoolwork to do this year, except to fake my physics review. And I end the year with a high A in calculus- maybe not a 100, but still really smurfin' good. And my dad doesn't want me to get my eyebrow pierced. What the smurf? I think it would be really cool. Kelly gave me the idea, and I think it would be tizzight. And Dave's got one, so what better way to emulate the guiding light of my life (ha ha, joshing, dude) than to get one myself? But yeah... I'm tired. Song of the Day is "Hurricane" by Something Corporate. This was the song that inspired me to get the CD. It's way cool, and I'm gonna put the beginng part, and then the cool interlude that is Pam and I's favorite part. "Shake down you make me break For goodness sake I think I'm on the edge Of something new with you Shout out don't drown the sound I'll drown you out You'll never scream so loud As I want to scream with you ... You don't do it on purpose But you make me shake Now I count the hours 'til you wake With your babies breath Breathe symponies Come on sweet catastrophe Maybe this time I can follow through I can feel complete Stop paying dues Stop the rain from falling Keep my oceans calm This time I know nothing's wrong" It's really a totally cool song. Apparently so is "Konstantine" but I have yet to hear that one. Melissa, you need ot make me a CD with that on it. You lazy bum... But I do appreciate the random ride home- hope you weren't late for your weird lesbian doctor naked appointment. Wow, I'm psyched from having finished my schoolwork for the year, but I'd better get some rest before my BK Escort kidnapping adventure this weekend. That will be fun, but not as fun as my run with Pam that's coming up. I'm gonna introduce her to the Cypresswood trails- it'll be grand. Huzzah! Hey, Sam and everyone: enjoy your time at the lake. Don't think of me! God bless

 "Ooh, erotic cakes!" My new cell phone is SO the shiznat! Dang, it's awesome. I've always had one of the old-school ones, and now I have a new-school one, so I am excited. And the new number is this: (281) 687-3500. So... yeah. I expect lots of calls from girls, ok? And maybe Andrew or Kyle. But lots of girls! Peace out, you all. God bless

 "Ho ho ho, nice try, God! But Homer Simpson does not give in to temptation that easily!" Possible 100 in calculus... we shall see. Thanks to Yurianna for her help, and my mom for making the doberge cake, and Mallery for being one of my favorite teachers ever. But she wants me to do Mu Alpha Theta next year. Yeah... ok... Try this on for size: .ouy ekil sdneirf evah I dalg m'I .emityreve dna emityna ,em rof ereht gnieb rof sknahT .emosewa era syug ouY .taerg it ekam ;remmus siht sehcnub tuo gnah s'teL .ereht tuo sieddub ym lla ot "yeh" gib A To decode that... you will never decode it- it's impossible to figure out! Muwahaha! I love being a super-genius. Or a super-retard. And speaking of Tards, I saw one who couldn't hold on to her drink today. She got it knocked out of her hand and it got kicked down the "hall" between the commons and courtyard, and again later under the walkway by the Bk room. It was funny, considering I was the one that made her drop it, and I kicked it as well. Hee hee. Well, nothing to talk about except THREE DAYS OF SCHOOL!!! Yahooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! *Ahem... stay composed, Sean. You just have to make it three more days* Well, six including the weekend. Whateva. Adios. God bless

 "Dancing away my hunger pains Moving my feet so my stomach won't hurt I'm kinda like Jesus But not in a sacreligious way..." Well, the Lord works in mysterious ways, and also berry good ones. And speaking of berries, check this out: ComplacentClancy: i have berry bursted cheerios How neat is that? Well, as I was saying... Kelly and I are no longer together. We had fun while we were, but now it's over. It's all good, though because we mutually felt it was time to end it. We both kinda felt tied down, and we needed to be FREE and fly like the wind. But there are no hard feelings, and she actually praised me for my bravery in being the one to bring it up. So, that is all done and done, or as in the Simpsons: "Dat's the end of that chapter." And the flying thing gives me an idea for a Song of the Day. I don't know who wrote it; it could be Michael Joncas, because he does a lot of the stuff in our little worship aides at church. It's called "On Eagle's Wings." "You who dwell in the shelter of the Lord, Who abide in His shadow for life, Say to the Lord, "My Refuge, My Rock in Whom I trust." And He will raise you up on eagle's wings, Bear you on the breath of dawn, Make you to shine like the sun, And hold you in the palm of His Hand. The snare of the fowler will never capture you, And famine will bring you no fear; Under His Wings your refuge, His faithfulness your shield. And He will raise you up on eagle's wings, Bear you on the breath of dawn, Make you to shine like the sun, And hold you in the palm of His Hand. You need not fear the terror of the night, Nor the arrow that flies by day, Though thousands fall about you, Near you it shall not come. And He will raise you up on eagle's wings, Bear you on the breath of dawn, Make you to shine like the sun, And hold you in the palm of His Hand. For to His angels He's given a command, To guard you in all of your ways, Upon their hands they will bear you up, Lest you dash your foot against a stone. And He will raise you up on eagle's wings, Bear you on the breath of dawn, Make you to shine like the sun, And hold you in the palm of His Hand." That is my all-time favorite church song, and Lauren and Christie and others feel the same way. Or so I am told... It's just so cool to know that He is looking out for you. Thanks a bunch, Big Guy! Sorry if y'all are a bit put off by the religiousness of this blog- it's not that often that I do one with so many holy references. But I like it, and I might do it again sometime. And there's nothing you nor anyone else can do about it! Muwahaha!!! Well, the Simpsons are on, so I'm gonna go watch that. Family Guiy last night was hilarious, though. The part with the Smurfs... oh man, Joe Craig and I nearly died laughing today in calculus putting everything in Smurf context. I'm gonna Smurf your mother! Smurf yeah! I'm gonna cut off your head and Smurf down your throat! Hee hee hee... God bless

 "Oh, I don't think I could ever marry y- whoa! Will you look at the size of that rock!" Something interesting: "Girls are like onions; lots of layers. Guys are like oranges; one thick skin and a gooey mess." Which has inspired me to come up with more quotes of my own. Don't worry, there won't be a whole lot. I'll keep it below 15-20. "I'd like swimming, but water is too wet." "Your mom is hot. Her air conditioner is broken." "Sometimes life can be harsh. Like when you fall off your bike in front of a hot girl, or your little sister beats you up in front of a hot girl, or you pee in your pants in front of a hot girl, or you spill food on yourself in front of a hot girl." "The sky is blue. If it was green, do you think anyone would care, or would they get used to it?" "These are not very funny quotes." "paul196 is gay. Like, really, I saw him kiss another guy. Either that, or it was a girl with short hair... wait, she saw that in her dream and she smiled. What the hell am I talking about?" "When you wiggle your toes in grass, it sucks if you're standing in an anthill, too." "It's even worse when you're allergic to ants." "Nakedness is not an adjective. It's a noun. And it's not a place, it's a state of mind. I wish I was in nakedness right now." "Don't look at porn." "If Jesus saw the Matrix, would he say, 'I can do that' ?" "If a Left-Handed Monkey offered me a shirt, I'd take it." Wow, I think I'm just tired. I'm sorry, those were stupid. Not as good as my Prom night quotes that only Valerie and I understand. Whatever, I'm outta here. Catch y'all later. God bless

 "Look! Cardy-board! Now we can have indoor plumbing like at the women's locker!" "They spoilt you, Brandine; sometimes I don't even know who you are anymore." Holy moly, Prom was way awesome. I'm not going to use "cool" because I used that schfifty-five times in my last post. But it was definitely a night to be remembered. The tux was tiiight cuz it was different than anyone else's, but two other people had the same vest as I did, and one was in my group. The other was the immortal Erik Stanley, so it's all good. It was neat, because I was the designated-unofficial "leader" of the group during eating and other ceremonious times. We had an ice cream truck for a limo. My bear and I both have cool sunglasses. My couples picture was taken with my hand in my pocket (I dunno why- the photographer wanted it that way). We were there two hours early. The egg rolls were for us too. Dancing was a lot of fun once I got into it. I got to groove with the always lovely Erin, then even some Crazy Asian action with Yurianna. Had good slow dances with Valerie, and one with Emily. None with Kelly, though. I was disappointed about that, but her date was... I dunno. Ask her to explain. Valerie was a fantastic date, and I'm SO glad she asked me. I had a fantabulous time with her. Such a pretty lady... A.P.E. was fun as well, and there were lots of neat activities to do. Of course Javier had to show off and sing his Spanish Stud-muffin heart out to "La Bamba" on the karaoke stage, but it's all good; he did a fine job. Val and I played bingo and other fun stuff, including waiting in a long line to play in one of those booths where the wind blows fast and you have to try and catch the money. Well, as we got closer to the front of the line, I saw the real dollars dwindling (there was also fake money in there with which to buy raffle tickets). I got in and went, and only got one dollar, whereas others had emerged with over ten. And of course, right after I am done, the guy comes to put more money in the thing for other patrons that are not me... *sigh.* Quotes from the occasion: "At di'nt found 'ood!" Translation: "That didn't sound good!" "I wanna steal little people." "You're not playing hard-to-get, you're playing hard-to-keep." "Sean! I'm Batman!" "Mine's bigger than yours." No, you pervs, it's not what you're thinking of. "Here's the water: splash ! Splash!" "My date can't dance..." Said by everybody EXCEPT for me. I heard it from at least 3 girls. "I'm still hungry." "Is that allowed?" "Sean, we're waiting on you; you're the leader." "I work for your dad; no money exchanged hands." "Check out Stupid Darren and his cane..." "So, how 'bout them Astros?" Interpret them as you wish. I had a great time, and I really need sleep now. I feel nauseous. Like Filbert on "Rocko's Modern Life": "I'm nauseous, I'm nauseous..." Next year could be better (but maybe not) cuz everyone that I know and their mothers will be there. But who to be my date? Guess I'll just call up Pamela... Anderson, that is. "Alriiite!" Have a good one, guys. God bless

 "See... my... vest." Wowee, New Found Glory concert was so awesome! I had SO much fun!!! Kelly A, I'm sorry you got beat up; that's just not cool. Kelly O, that was cool during Good Charlotte- you know what I mean. And during NFG's set, I worked my way up to like the second "row" in the pit (which happened to be right behind Darren Brown, who was there, though he did not come with us) and by Pam. Oh, Pam got peeved cuz all these gay crowd surfers would come flying by and nail her in the head with their feet or elbow or something. Yeah, that wasn't cool. But MXPX played, and I only knew one of the ones that they performed- "Punk Rawk Show." And Good Charlotte was a lot better than I thought they would be. Props to them for pumping me up. But the best part of all had to be NFG, which is my favorite band. I got to party by Pam and kinda Maria, who had also fought their way up to near the front. Such a high-energy show... the cussing wasn't that cool, though. But man, it was a lot of fun. I touched the lead singer's hand when he came down and played around with the crowd some. Maria was like, "He put the mic right in my face! Wow!" Ha ha, go Brown One! Kyle is probably trying to call right now, cuz we're gonna hang out some before PROM!!! Prom tonight! Yahooo! What a glorious, fun-filled weekend this is. In honor of the concert last night, Song of the Day is "Head-on Collision" by New Found Glory. "I've been waiting for a good day I've been holding back lonog enough I've been hurting to tell you some things It's not the falling of the temperature That's making all our bones run cold It's the breeze you make The presence felt When you're around me And it feels like I'm at an all-time low Slightly bruised and broken From our head-on collision I've never seen this side of you Another tragic case of feeling Bruised and broken From our head-on collision I've never seen this side of you Another tragic case and I'm still Waiting for a good day I think I've held this long enough I think it's safe to tell you some things It's not just what you say to people And it's not the way you look at me It's the way you present yourself for all your worst critics to see And it feels like I'm at an all-time low..." *Sigh* ... *Tear* That was the very first song of theirs I heard (other than "My Friends Over You" but everyone has heard that one and not really cared) and I heard the acoustic version, which was way cool. Thanks to "Anonymous" who posted stuff in my forum. Whoever you are, you have a good outlook on life, and it would serve me well to try to adopt that some. Everyone else, check out what they wrote; it's very profound. And while you're in the forum, may as well make some comments of your own! Well, I need a shower... badly. Adios, amigos. God bless

 "It's a trap! They've got nets!" Hey, all. School is gay. There is no point in me going anymore. Now I should only attend so people can sign my yearbook (like I want to remember this depressing -yet also awesome- year). And so they can have the honor of me signing theirs. Well, and so I can see Melissa, Emily, and Pam. They brighten my day. Speaking of yearbook, there is another Sean Murphy, and he's a fat senior and he's listed on some pages that I'm not. However, I am on the following pages: 41 and 262. There is also a quote I have on the Cross-country page, and I really don't remember saying that. The thing on page 41 is an action shot of me in Coneball, The One-Weekend Sport. What an awesome fad, though. It was so much fun. And on 262 there is an insightful quote that I did say, and I sound so smart doing so. It's a simple concecpt, I just use big words. Here is wise solution to all of the world's problems: "Those theocracies who promote peace and amicable relationships between other countries should stay in power. Those who advocate harm to others and senseless violence should be repelled and not allowed to operate." Oh yeah, that was me. The yearbook will be even better next year, when Melissa joins the squad. I almost did so, and actually came very close to doing it, but I decided against it at the last minute. I need to learn commitment. It wakes you up when you think you're good pals with a person and you don't even make their Top 30 list of friends. Yowch. And when your abs are better than the abs of all those friends... ha ha... Song of the Day is from my new Something Corporate CD. It is entitled: "I Want to Save You." "Standing on the edge of morning Scent of sex and New Found Glory Playing as she's pulling up her hair She drives away she's feeling worthless Used again but nothing's different She'd stay the night but knows he doesn't care. Home by three to deafening quiet The porch light's off, guess they forgot it She'd cry herself to sleep but she don't dare And she wants to be a model She wants to hear she's beautiful She's beautiful I want to save you I want to save you I need you, save me too I want to save you Dressed by dawn and out the door No lights she memorized the florr So she could leave without being detected She works 'till three it's uniform She dreams that he'll come by the store She prays for days when boys mean she's protected. .....Let me save you" My new SoCo CD and Finch Cd are tiiight. So are Andrew's new "Blair Thumb" and "Godthumb" movies. "Oh, we're safe in the tent! Nothing can penetrate the nylon !" "Shark!! Take the girl and leave us alone!" "Deers don't have dorsal fins, dude!" And he eats cats... "The Magic Meatball Cube Machine" or something like that... I'm making a cameo at Boot Camp on Thursday morning. It's "Buddy Day" and Kelly A is bringing me (if she remembers). I've heard that everyone's thrown up already at least once, it's been so hard. Tiiight!!! I can't wait. Yeah, I need bedtime. Kellyo is way cool. I'm glad she's my girlfriend. I don't know if I could have asked for a better one. Maybe you'll have your turn someday, ladies. Keep hoping... God bless

 "Oh, I'm not a stabbin' hobo; I'm a singing hobo! Hey, here's a song for ya: 'Oh, it's great, The hobo life Stabbin' folks With my hobo knife...' " Things I hate: The skin on pudding...uugghhhh Waiting to turn right on red, and the person in front of me is going straight and can't go until the light is green Getting shot Headaches Friends who ignore me Black people Cloudy and depressing days Bad grades Ignorant people Computers that restart on me, and people think I'm still online, but I'm not Minor scratches or cuts that don't look bad, but they sting like crazy Barfing Our dog Callie (sometimes) Telemarketers Bad smells Stepping in dog crap Spilling stuff on new clothes Losing things Finding those things in the most obvious place and kicking myself for not seeing it earlier Green beans AP tests Ant bites Unrequited love Cold and grey (or is it gray?) winter days There's more, but I know y'all aren't reading this to hear me complain. And I was joking about hating black people. They're tizzight. Sometimes I wish I was one, cuz then I'd have a much bigger... ego. I want to do a SoD, but this whole blog has been in column form, and y'all are sick of that by now. I got nothing. Sorry. My creative juices are sapped. Like sap from trees. There's a treehouse at my grandparents' summer home. Summer invloves the beach. I met Beth Gold at the beach last year. She never called me like she said she would. I don't have a cell phone. In "Night at the Roxbury" the have huge cell phones. Carl and Victor did a "Roxbury" skit for Escort tryouts. Bearkadettes might go on a cruise for contest. I had the chance to go on a cruise this past summer. I went jet-skiing instead. I hit a bouy with the jet-ski. I can water-ski. Chippy is a water-skiing squirrel. Flying squirrels don't really fly, they glide. Gliders don't have engines. On "Home Improvement" Tim Allen strapped a jet engine to a riding mower. I don't mow our lawn. I like mowing my grandparents' lawn. There's a treehouse at my grandparents' summer home... Wow. I just came full circle in that thought process. Freaking crazy... Well, I'm out. I need to make a doberge cake for Mrs. Mallery. Party tomorrow! God bless

 "Furious George! What have they done to you?!" I'm gonna take a page out of Alfie's book here. Should I: 1) Continue my original form of blogging where I do kinda long ones about my personal happenings coupled with commentary, or 2) Go to general observations about the world itself and make it not so personal, and not as long either? YOU be the judge, in 'Blogging Idol." Go to my forum and post your opinions, or when you i.m. me, lemme know. I'll keep tabs, and at the end of next week- which will be Sunday afternoon or so- I will make the final adjustment. May the best blog win. I need sleep. Kelly is way cool. I mean, cool. And when I say cool, I don't mean "not cool." ANother thing that's neat is I think I finally got emotional reciprocation. All is right with the world... Math practice books for fun... sweet. I was gonna do a Song of the Day, but I got distracted, and now I'm even more tired than before. I'm gonna go now. Congrats, Erik Stanley- 2nd place at State in the mile and two-mile! 4:11 and 9:11 are not too shabby... Also, congrats to Jenny Dahlgren for placing FIRST in both the shot put and discus throw. You truly are and inspiration to us all. Well, maybe just Grice... I'm outta here, ya'll. Zzzzzzzzzzzz... God bless

 "Those Powersauce bars are made from old apple cores and recycled newspapers." "Oh my god! Byen Hong Ping died!" Mudder's Day tomorrow. I love my mommy. She's tizzight. Even Kyle says she is cool, "for a mom." I think he thinks she's hot. I know BJ does... sickos, all of you!!! We are going out to dinner tonight to celebrate her wonderfulness. I hope it doesn't take long- I wanna hang out with my friends. Should I feel bad for saying that? Crap on a stick. Ha ha ha, that's funny to say. If you ever get the chance to play a video game for X-Box called "Kung Fu Chaos," play it. It's tizzight. I played today at Andrew Hoffart's house, and it was really neat. Song of the Day is "Grow Up" by Simple Plan. This should so be my anthem. "This is who I am, and this what I like GC, Sum and Blink and MXPX rocking my room If you're looking for me, I'll be at the show I could never find a better place to go. Until the day I die, I promise I wont change... So you'd better give up- I don't wanna be told to grow up. And I don't wanna change, I just wanna have fun. I don't wanna be told to grow up And I don't wanna change, So you better give up; Cause I'm not gonna change I don't wanna grow up I like to stay up late, spend hours on the phone Hangin' out with all my friends And never being at home. I'm impolilte and I make fun of everyone I'm immature but I will stay this way forever. Until the day I die, I promise I won't change..." Yahoo. Well, I'd better shower before din-din. And I am never calling dinner, "din-din" again, so don't worry. Have a great one, guys. God bless

 "Dad, what's a muppet?" "Well, it's part mop and part puppet, and... oh, I don't know." YAHOO!!! This is going to be the second best weekend of the year, right behind next weekend. Maybe. Tonight I saw X-Men 2 with Katie, Melissa, Pam, Mandy and a new friend Rem. He's tiiight. But yeah, awesome movie. Nightcrawler is the shiznit! What an awesome power has he, as well as the coolest scene in the movie- the White House part. And he's a devout Catholic! After every time he sins, he tattoos himself in divine symbols handed down by the archangels. Way cool dude. His German accent is accounted for here: "In ze Munich circus, I vas known as Nightcvawlah." "I have to see vare I'm going to teleport, or I could end up in a vall." And I know everyone has used this before, but it's still tizzight: Storm: "Anger can help you survive." Nightcrawler: "So can faith." Wow, Erin and I wrote dialogue to plays that we're writing in theater arts, and they're hilarious. Probably not to anyone that is not us, but we think they're funny. Hers is about this transvestite guy who is homophobic. Mine is about a paraplegic who was confined to a wheelchair after a vicious squirrel attack, who then befriends Erin's transvestite, but has a predilection towards hurting people. I have a preomonition that I had better go to sleep soon before I get in trouble, so I'll update later. Adios, amigos! God bless

 "They're milking rats !!!" Holy guacamole. Calculus AP test is OVER! YEEEESSSS!!!! It was not as hard as I thought it was gonna be, but not as easy as Kelly made it out to be either. "I laughed at the multiple choice problems... didn't even need a calculator." Pshaw. But I am sooo hoping for a 5. I know everyone else will get a great grade, but I will not. Phooey. Yeah. History one tomorrow, and a baseball game tonight that I won't return home from until 10:30. Huzzah. And I'm already tired. Yahoo. And I have to leave in an hour. I should study, perhaps... Whatever. Darn David and his persuasiveness. I hate A&M. I hate A&M. I... hate...... *sigh* Song of the Day is "I'll Be" by Edwin McCain. Dang, it's freaking awesome. Every time I hear it, I think about how it is totally a kick-A love song, and a good song in general. "Strands in your eyes The color, them wonderful Stop me from stealing my breath Emeralds for mountains Thrust towards the sky Never revealing their death Tell me, that we belong together Dress it up With the trappings of love I'll be captivated I'll hang from your lips Instead of the gallows Of heartache that hang from above And I'll be Your crying shoulder I'll be your love suicide I'll be Better when I'm older I'll be The greatest fan of your life." I used to think it said "greatest event of your life." I like that one better. Today at the study session, Mr. Vandenbelt totally made it sound like he smoked weed in the '60s when he was 6 years old. That was such a funny image in my head (he still had his goatee and everything- he was just miniature and with a higher voice) that I burst out laughing like crazy. Funniest thing all week. My brain is dead. I can't do this. God bless

 "I can't move my head... it's broken." Well, guess who made Bearkadette Escort! Yes, yes, hold your applause until the end of the program. I tried out like this: "I can run a mile in under 4 minutes. I can bench press 300 pounds. My car goes from 0-60 in 2.3 seconds. Those are all lies. But what's not a lie is that I'd make a great Escort. I didn't make it last year, but hey; no hard feelings. So I'd appreciate it if you vote for me! Thanks!" And I tossed out Tootsie Rolls. It was tizzight. Well, that's my good news for today. I really have to get to stepping right nw, though. Adios, muchachos. God bless

 "Me so hungee..." Thanks Melissa, for the good luck intentions. If I made it, I really will miss you not being there. *Sigh* and I guess Casey, too... English AP test tomorrow. Who cares? No biggie. The one I'm really dreading is calculus on Thursday. Oh, this weekend will be glorious. After Friday and the History AP test, there's no reason to still be in school. Except to see my friends, but who needs them? All I'm after is Christie Mechler. Yowza! Sam, glad you're back ok. I missed you too. Oh wait, you didn't miss me , just teenage companionship in general. It's all good, though. Happy to see you back. Ha ha, well, if I can, I'll update later this week. Whateva. " Adios, mis amigos. Yo soy la chica pequena." Ohh, y mi! God bless

 "At last we can be alone, my beloved Shalamala." Well, in the immortal words of some person, "Times, they are a-changing." Standleaders, woohoo! Kyle, Sam, Andrew, Maria, Lauren, Christie and everyone! Make it worth it. I don't wanna look at y'all and see crappy people who are there and are just like, "Duhhhh..." and not even trying to rile up the crowd and such. Dang, my baseball game today was sooo tight. I pitched and in the first inning they scored two runs on errors by my crappy infielders. I caught two fly balls however, and struck a guy out. The game progressed, and I had some kick-A base running and my pitching was alright. I struck quite a few people out. They scored two more in the 3rd or fourth inning, and then two more in the 5th inning (which ended up being the last due to time constraints- there was a game coming up after ours on the same field). Errors, errors, errors. Going into the last inning it was 6 to 4. We get a guy on first as he beats out the throw from the second baseman, who had bobbled the ball. One guy pops out. One guy walks. Another strikes out. Another walks. Bases loaded, two outs, bottom of the last inning, down by two, and time is expired. Sean comes up to bat. Bum bum bummm. The pitcher throws me three straight balls. OK, I guess I'll walk. That'll bring in one run, and Gary Baumbach -our best hitter- will come up to bat. I guess that works. The fourth pitch the dude throws me is nearly in the dirt, but the ump calls it a strike. "Are you blind?!" The next one is kinda near the middle, and I swing and miss. Crap. Full count. I hate striking out. That sucks. Oh, and it's so much worse when the game is on the line! Anyway, he hurls in his last pitch; a little high, but still in the strike zone. Kablam!!! Line drive 4 feet over the shortstop's head! Two runs score! Tie game! Winning run on third! Gary comes up to bat, hits a deep pop fly to left field, which the left fielder misses and so the dude on third and then myself score, making the end result 8-6. Oh, it was awesome. I had made the Sign of the Cross before batting, and it worked! Thank you, Jesus! But wow... what a rush, being the game's hero and all. Not to brag or anything. Well, I am extremely sweaty due to the high level of humidity, so I think a shower is in order. Peace out, dudes. God bless

 "Bring me the ranch dressing hose!" Congratulations to everyone who made Standleader! I am happy for you! Jealous, sure, but that's to be expected. If I don't make Bearkadette Escort, I'm gonna do GSL. No, not the GSA, but the Good Sportsmanship League. They're like Standleader posers, who have just as much fun, but aren't burdened so much by time constraints. Hey, I don't care- I'll have lots of fun my senior year no matter what I do! Holy crap- I just said '"senior year"... Lord, help me; I'm no longer a little child. Just dainty. My legs hurt a lot. I kinda did my own "Boot Camp" experience today. Kelly came over for a while and totally screwed up any notion I had of taking a nap, so after she left, I went running. I ran to Doerre and did a mile on the track, then pushups, sit-up thingies, tricep dips, and sets of running up and down the bleachers. Followed by another mile on the track and a brief run through the 'hood. And we only had weight room for like 10 minutes today before getting kicked out, so my chest isn't feeling too bad. But it was strange: I had hardly sweat (or is it sweated? I'm using past tense here) when I ran, but during the calisthenics, it was just dripping down. Then my baseball game tonight only added to the lactic acid just crying out to build up in my legs. However, what am I complaining for? Kelly has a monstrous EMT thing tomoroow involving a SWAT team and grenades and stuff that lasts forever and a day, followed by a 24-hour shift on an ambulance and no sleep until after school on Monday. Wowee. What a woman. Well, again, congrats, guys. I'm gonna hit the hay. With a hammer. God bless

 "And who's selling the uranium to the terrorists?........... C. Montgomery Burns!" Sorry I haven't busted out a blog in a while, guys. I haven't had much online time. My mom wants me to spend my free time studying for AP tests (HA HA HA HA HA!!!... whoo, boy...) but I've been napping and watching TV. Yes, very productive. I've also been staying up late watching Family Guy on Cartoon Network. Funny, funny show. It comes on at 10:30 for all who might be interested. TAKS has been so easy. I finished the History one in less than half an hour today. So that left me with... only 2-and-a-half hours to do nothing! I made this totally kick-butt drawing yesterdayof a sailboat and water and stuff. But all over the paper where the drawing isn't is a huge list of songs. Kelly's got it now, cuz she needed songs for a new CD she wants. And they are eclectic, Dave. Don't you worry 'bout that. Oh, and for future reference, any time I talk of Kelly, I mean Kelly O. I'll specify if ever a different Kelly is mentioned. I can't think of anything interesting to write about. Well, anything that is pertinent to this blog. So I may have to make up more quotes. After a Song of the Day of course. That happens to be: "Roll to Me" by Del Amitri. "Look around your world, Pretty Baby Is it everything you hoped it'd be? The wrong guy, the wrong situation, The right time to roll to me Roll to me Look into your heart, Pretty Baby Is it aching with some nameless need? Is there something wrong, but you can't put your finger on it? Right then, roll to me And I don't think I have ever seen A soul so in despair. So if you want to talk the night through Guess who will be there? So don't try to deny, Pretty Baby You've been down so long you can hardly see When the engine's stalled and it won't stop raining, it's the Right time to roll to me Roll to me" Melissa's ice cream man only comes at night and he plays "Jingle Bells" when he roams the neighborhood looking for unsuspecting pedophiliactic targets. We are watching "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" in theater arts. Crappy move, ok book. The fourth book is the best so far. It kicks a lot of butt. I'm going to visit Kyle and Kelly A at their respective works now. Catch you folks later. God bless

 "I'm not allowed to use scissors!" "Ha ha ha ha!!!" "The children are right to laugh at you, Ralph." I ran 11 miles yesterday. God, it was awesome. Really, it was. I wanna go back, and then I wouldn't feel as bad as I do now. onehopelessdream: hey im gonna go shower that runnerguy86: please We are remodeling the den right now. Ourselves. It blows shit. I would usually put this on my other blog, but I'm too lazy right now: I am sick of the stupid stuff every day. The running is fun, but afterwards I come home, shower, and putz around for 8 hours until no one calls me, so I have to call them to see what any plans are for the night. Then, they can't do anything, so I ring everyone in my fudging cell phone directory until I find one person who is only kind of available. Then I don't leave the house until 9:00 or after, and I have 2.5 hours until I have to be home. What kind of crap is that? I'm sick of it. Sick sick sick. Something -a mistake I made- may come up this year, either in the summer or once school starts. It will test who my true friends really are. Please be one of them. God bless

 onehopelessdream: hey im gonna go shower that runnerguy86: please

 "Mr. Simpson, the tar fumes are making me dizzy!" "Yep, they'll do that." Ok, Kelly and I came up with a great idea for something to do, but I don't know how receptive you all will be towards it. It's a juvenile game, but taken to the next level where us teenagers can enjoy it. Are you ready for this? Well, here goes: Car Tag. Oh yeah, that's right. Drive around in a neighborhood, and you have to spot your friends and "tag" them some way. It could also be taken to the extreme, and become Car Hide-and-Seek. This is where everyone else drives their cars to a certain point in the neighborhood and the "it" person has to go find someone. Cool, eh? Perhaps... The only problem would be communication: how would people know when one person stops being "it" or it's time to go find a new hiding place? Whatever- maybe we'll have to do it at night, when everyone gets free talky-time on their cell phones. Oh, and one other thing: "Not it!" So, it's almost July. How fast summer has been moving! I mean, it's already halfway over, and what have I done? Let's see.... Hung out with amazing friends Went golfing Went to New York Hung out with more cool friends Dented the car Went to Lake Sam Rayburn with my bestest buddy Saw Finding Nemo (only good movie of the summer!) Ran a lot Met new girls Pursued too many girls Found solace in God Got too tan Learned who I can and can't depend on I'd say pretty successful so far, eh? Some could say so. Oh, now I have two more things I'm about to go do: Clean the pool filters and wash and vacuum the car. Oh, hooray... God bless

 "I got top bunk!" "No, I do, I'm older!" "But I called it!" *Slap slap slap slap* *Thud* "So, when's lunch?" that runnerguy86: Strom Thurmond died mo42186: what are they going to do with his old balls that runnerguy86: probably put them next to Fred Rogers' sweater in the Smithsonian R.I.P. Strom Thurmond: 1903-2003. You will be sorely missed. :( I had a good day yesterday. A really good evening. Summer is awesome. :) I may be able to stay in town July 4th weekend. I feel I should make some plans with people. However, every time I say something like this on my blog, no one ever responds to it, so it's gonna be like the third of July before I even call anyone... whatever. I don't really have anything to say. I'm kinda at a loss for what to write, and that's unusual. How berry strange... God bless

 "Come to Moe's Family Feedbag!" kcfrbm: im so bored kcfrbm: im putting staples in my ear hole that runnerguy86: i think i'm gonna vomit Stil nothing new on the job front. Those places I applied stil haven't called back yet. I think they must have misplaced my applications. Yeah, that's it. Or just called at times when no one was home. I'm sure that's exactly what it is. Melissa, what happened to your blog?! Did you kill it? I loved reading that sucker, and.. and... and now it's gone. *TEAR* Why didn't it storm today? I didn't wanna have to wash my car, but since the rain neglected to fall, I guess I will have to. Phooey. Would your carpet like a thorough grasp of the obvious? that runnerguy86: so, what's new? kcfrbm: just the staples in my ear Faucets. Getting more action than me. That just blows my mind. Something in the space-time continuum must be awry. I don't think I spelled that word right... God bless

 "I dunno. There's something about flying a kite at night that's a little... unhealthy." "Hello, Mother." Oh, how I wish this was true: Son1of1Sparda: your the jedi master of girls My friends are good. I think. There are people I consider my friends, but I'm not sure that applies anymore. And others are just so confusing... God bless

 "I think I wet my bed..." My name rearranged spells: Precisely Human Ham Slim Up Archenemy, ha! Seal Hump Machinery Mel Has Machinery Up Song of the Day is: "Daddy Wasn't There" by Ming Tea. 'Twas in Austin Powers 3. "Daddy wasn't there Daddy wasn't there Daddy wasn't there To take me to the fair To change my underwear Daddy wasn't there When I was first baptized When I was criticized When I was ostracized When I was jazzercised Steak and kidney pies One hour Martinized When I was cir-cum-cised... Daddy wasn't there" Eileen is a stinky freezy pop. How fun! I talked to Dave today. It had been awhile, and he didn't have much time to chat, but it was still cool. Huzzah! I was walking on home from my guitar lesson and who should ask me is I needed a ride but Megan Brannigan. I hadn't seen her for q.uite some time, yet she recognized me, even after going to college and being a superstar. Again, I say to you: if you read my "other" blog, do not be offended. It is my rage being unleashed upon the internet and out of myself, thus cleansing myself of the impurites of anger, depression, acne, and sarcasm. I almost crapped my pants yesterday. Not a pleasant feeling, lemme tell you. ANYWAY, I am going to head on out. I want to do something fun tonight! Please call me, people, I am fresh out of ideas for things to do. God bless

 "No, I didn't know. I've been on Mars for the past decade. In a cave... with my eyes shut, and my fingers in my ears." Wow, I love eyes. I think eyes are one of the coolest parts of the body, other than nostrils. But really, they are so neat.. so deep. They hide and yet reveal so much. Plus, eyes are pretty to look at. I mean, I could look at someone's eyes (preferably a girl) for the longest time and still be amazed. So many facets and colors and expressions. Eye just can't get enough of 'em. Hee hee, I'm so punny. If eyes are windows to the soul, I hope mine are tinted- I don't want just anyone looking in there. I really can't convey to you my love of eyes. If I talk to you and seem to stare, it's probably because your peepers are quite amazing. God bless

 "Hi, Lisa- we're gonna be in a pie!" I had a great weekend at the lake with Andrew and my family. There was lotsa watersports and eating and stuff. And a funny Weird Al show. At a little beach on a little island in the lake we met this lady who had a little puppy named Jet. The lady had a nice rack. While water-skiing, I "dropped one." No, I didn't make poopie in the water... For those of you unfamiliar with the lingo, "dropping one" is where you start out on two skis, and then you wriggle out of one, and place that free foot in the loop near the back of the ski that is still on your other foot. Thus, you have two feet on one ski. And when you ski like that, it is called "slaloming." It's actually quite difficult, but I did it ok. And while on the kneeboard, I did a complete revolution- in other words, a 360- degree turn while being pulled behind the boat. 'Twas grand. Well, aside from that, I realized this weekend that I need to be less judgemental. And really, it's working. it makes me happy, knowing that I can almost look at everyone and see them as equals. I went to TCBY with Christie tonight, who is leaving for Rome tomorrow morning. Yowza! Stopped by Maria's (who now has a boyfriend- Justin Pritchard) and saw quite a few people with whom I have not made acquaintance with in a while. Went to see Erin at work, and introduced her to Joe. "Alriiite!" Went with Joe and the fabulous Niki Arrambide to Wendy's because Baskin Robbins was closed. That was fun- Niki is a really great person, and I am so glad I know her. Well, I knew her back in Theiss (Tigers, holla back!) and some at Doerre, but we never really talked much (I was too scared to make conversation- I had a crush on her!). But now I have started to get to know her again, and it makes me happy. Ha ha, speaking of happy, Niki is definitely that. Her expressive brown eyes just shout out, "I'm ecstatic! I'm loving life, and gosh darn it, you should too!" And I am... Oh folks, I am. : ) Life is tizzight. Holler back, young 'uns. God bless

 "He can't hear you... we had to fill his ears with guaze." If you are at your cleanest when you get out of the shower, shouldn't your towels just get cleaner every time you use them? God bless

 "I really like the vest!" mandaisapanda428: yeah lauren and i must ahve walked up and down the street like ten times tonight that runnerguy86: smoking pot mandaisapanda428: oh yeah "One of these days, Alice, BANG! ZOOM! To the moon!" Three days at Lake Sam Rayburn. Oh yeah... relaxation, baby. I expect lotsa messages on my answering machine, alright, ladies? Please don't be offended by the use of profanity or possible criticism against you in my other blog. I apologize to you all for it, though. As I've said before, it's an outlet... to keep things from getting out of control in my head. And it does work! The foul language helps me vent... it is what makes the blog what it is, and it is my therapy. I do it for myself, and no one else's benefit, though I do like when peple read my stuff. I guess you could say I'm contradicting myself by saying that... Have a great weekend and... stuff. God bless

 "You used my toilet-training pictures?!" I made a new blog. I'll still use this one, but the other one is for my outpourings of anything but happiness. An outlet if you will... I would give you the address here, but my mother reads this and I'd prefer she not know how to access it. Shit, I hear the ice cream man! Aww, by the time I run downstairs and get my wallet and everything, he'll be gone... Andrew pulled a 360 on Louetta today because of slick roads. It was crazy, and he ended up right in front of Sam in the turning lane, and I called her phone and she was like, "Did you see that truck? That was crazy!" And I was like, "Yup, that was Andrew." God bless

 "Dear Ms. Hoover, you have Lyme's disease..." I am getting pretty sick of people pretending all the time. Really, it's making me very frustrated. I guess you don't know who you are, but I'm not gonna name names. *Sigh* Life is trite and jaded... Song of the Day is "Welcome My Love" by Brooklyn Bridge. My mom reminded me of it just yesterday, so I listened to it and remembered I liked it. "In the hours before the morning Walking home I pass her door And I send a special prayer Up to the room on the second floor For my mind is in there with her But my body takes me home And I need to have a love Because I've been too long alone So won't you Welcome me, Love, My name is Lonely Tell that girl That I think of her only I wanna do it right So help me light the light in her heart Welcome me, Love, I know you don't know me Take my hand There's a lot you can show me I wanna do it right So help me light the light in her heart I'll try to make her happy And I promise I'll be good I'll play it by the rules, Just like every lover should And times that I would fail her And we let each other down But I'm sure that we can make it Just as long as you're around Welcome me, Love, My name is Lonely Tell that girl That I think of her only I wanna do it right So help me light the light in her heart Welcome me, Love, I know you don't know me Take my hand There's a lot you can show me I wanna do it right So help me light the light in her heart" Yeah, it's another one of those that my dad and I used to sing together forever ago when we lived in Connecticut... probably cuz it's on the same cassette tape as the last one. Whatever... Give me a call today to do something. As of right now, I have nothing going on. God bless

 "Aw man, I look like some kind of tool..." While looking for a job today, I saw a guy on the median on 1960 with a dog and a cardboard sign. The sign said "Homeless" and some other stuff which I neglected to read. While sitting at the light, I contemplated how that, at current inflation rates and the standard cost of cardboard in this day and age (without neglecting the Coriolis Effect and Keynesian Economics), the man had afforded to buy the material for his sign. Now, the fellow coulda been a drug addict, or what I like to call a "homeless poser." That would be someone who just pretends to be homeless in order to garner a few extra bucks a day. Either way, it was most likely a sham the man had going. But then again he coulda been genuine... I contemplated his aquisition of the cardboard again, and the light turned green. Time to head off in my BMW with new Nokia color cellular phone, CD case full of music and nice shrts and tennis shoes... I gave him five bucks. God bless

 Spina bifida...

 "It's funny becuase it's true!" Kelly gave me a new CD this morning- Alkaline Trio's "Good Mourning." I haven't listened to it, yet, but I'm sure it wil be grand. Holy moly, go urlLink here and read it, then read the story "The King's Gold/Babes" which is under the link "PumpUp2" at the top of the page. I laughed very hard... Anyways, I need to call that guy I hang out with sometimes... whatsisname... Andrew, that's it! Yeah, I need to call Kyle. I mean Andrew. And aso listen to my new CD. Thanks, Kelly! God bless

 "Look, Daddy! A whale egg!" Happy Belated Father's Day to everyone. I told Kelly to have a HFD, and she was like, "Thanks. Some day I hope to be one." Funny, it was. Also, I would like to apologize to Kelly for being the jerk that I was. I'm real sorry- it won't happen anymore. How come I didn't get presents and such yesterday? Oh yeah, I'm not a dad... I think I'll go impregnate a couple of youngsters so next year I can celebrate this wonderful holiday by getting presents as well as giving them. God bless

 "Duffman never dies, only the actors who portray him!" I was reading some of my old blogs, and I realized that for the first time, I have repeated a Song of the Day. Yes, a catastrophe it is... In February one day it was "Teenager in Love" and then also for a day last week I utilized the same song. Dang. OK, I have something to say to a few people, though I think only one of them is a loyal blog reader. And she knows who she is. Anyway, I think we should all stop this petty squabbling. Seriously, I don't want to see y'all's friendships torn apart by stupid little discrepancies. I was only recently beginning to feel as one of the group, and all of a sudden no one's friends anymore. I don't feel as if I'm the cause, but I do feel as if I am kinda being shunned some, and I don't like it. I think we should all put our judgemental attitudes behind us, and focus on the bigger picture: how much you guys mean to each other. Don't throw away years of friendship over little issues that shouldn't matter at all to real friends. The "hanging out" situations are just getting worse and worse, and I don't know if a trip to G-Town or something could be tolerable. Well, it's not my place to be snapping out advice and telling people how to live their lives, so I'll stop. I just wish you guyus could take to heart what I've said. You know who's cool? Sharen Ludher. Yeah, Tej's sister... She's smart and funny and stuff and a great person to talk to. Very easy to get along with, and definitely a cool gal. Gotta get ready for chizzurch with Emily. Huzzah! God bless

 "I didn't do it!" Wow, this is absolutely amazing- how it strikes home. Of course there are exceptions, as it states, but for the most part it is true: "The average man places much more importance on the beauty of women than the average woman places on the beauty of men. There's an exceedingly small chance that a man will be good friends with a woman he thinks of as very ugly. For a woman to be friends with a man she believes to be ugly isn't unusual at all. If a guy is good friends with a girl, chances are that he wanted her as more than a friend at first, and for some reason or another it didn't work out, but then he became friends with her. Girls don't know this, but I'm going to tell them. If you have a very good male friend, ladies, he most probably finds you attractive, or did. The truth is that men don't seek friendship with women. They seek romance, and if she's uninterested or whatever, they'll be friends. Since men don't seek friendship with women, but settle for it, an ugly woman holds absolutely nothing of interest for a man. Yes, of course there are exceptions. But shut up. Basically, I'm right and you know it." Song of the Day is "Everything Will Be" by Relient K. This is off their old, self-titled CD. "It smells so sweet outside today The sun smiles down, I'm in the shade I sit and think about All my friends And how good they are But when today is yesterday I know things won't stay the same But I know that The memories Won't go too far Round and round the world will turn Lessons taught and lessons learned Jesus gets us through the good and bad times And lets us know that everything will be just fine A year's passed since I wrote this song A lot's gone right, a lot's gone wrong But I know that Jesus Has been there Right by my side And I see the sun still shines It shines outside and in my life And I know that Everything is gonna Be just fine" Ahh, too true... things change; people change. Unfortunately that does happen, and I've noticed it all too well myself. But through it all, you have Jesus and He will never desert you. Now THAT is way cool. God bless

 "By the way, I was being sarcastic." "Well, duh ." Dang it, Melissa- don't avoid the freaking question, just answer it. If you don't want to, just say, "no." You won't offend me. Nintendo is fun, no matter who you play with. Erin is a way cool chick. And I'm not just saying that. We had fun tonight at Sonic and walking around in our pajamas and draining the hot tub instead of heating it. Ha ha, but it was all good. Erin is one of those girls that can make the best out of any situation, and that is neat. Seriously, she is one of my most favoritest people ever and I am SO glad I have gotten to know her. Such a sweet, caring, beautiful, fun, athletic, wonderful person. Huzzah for Erin. Vortex, represent! This weekend should be good. I hope summer turns out to be great. I can say it IS getting better as it progresses, so... score. Whatever- I'm tired, and Erin and I are running early tomorrow, and I need my booty sleep. G'night everyone. God bless

 "Ovulate, damn you!" Thirty days hath September, April, June, and November All the rest have thirty-one Except for February, it has twenty-eight "In time..." Just once I'd like to have a normal high-school dating relationship. You know, lots and lots of sex. Fun swimming last night. Everyone that claimed they might "drop by" didn't. But it was allright, cuz we all who were there had fun by ourselves- my brother and I... Not really, but there was a good time had by all, I believe. If masturbation is bad, why do they make it feel so good? God bless

 "Sorry, you are out of sperm." I had a pretty good day yesterday. It got progressively better as time wore on. On the way to the airport, my dad got ticked off when I told him I was taking counselor's aide next year. He wants me to take something more productive or some crap like that. I took calculus as a freaking junior and a buncha AP classes and stuff- is that not enough to have one blowoff class my senior year? Huh? HUH?! Well, after my crappy flight, I got back and did some stuff that I can't remember what it was. Well, after that I went with Kelly to a function at her church and it was all tropical and Mexican and tacos and sand and stuff and it was way fun. The sky was very nice outside and the weather was grand. I saw people I hadn't laid eyes on since school got out, and I also met some new cute chicks. That was fun. Well, after we blew that popsicle stand, we headed over to Starbuck's and that was also good. Iced caramel macchiatos are bueno... Adnrew and Casey showed up for a bit and that was nice too. Well, Kelly and I got in some good talking and I was glad, cuz it had been so long since we had seen each other and whatnot. Good catching up and stuff- and a great line she said as she dropped me off at Andrew's house. Her CD player wasn't working and she told Andrew, and he said, "Oh, you're ride home's gonna be boring because the music is broke and you have no one to talk to." The she says, "I'll talk to God. He's always there." Very cool... very cool. At Andrew's we watched part of a movie called "Freaked." It was hilarious when a little kid got his head banged in an airplane lavatory door when a Chinese lady was going to the bathroom and these guys were trying to escape the boy because he wanted their autograph. Holy moly, I was laughing so hard, Andrew's dad had to yell upstairs at us to be quiet. Grand, it was. Well, I gotta get to stepping if I'm gonna take a nap. Peace out, homies. God bless

 "Now finally, what we all came here to see... hardcore nudity !" Well... I'm back. Gimme a call or something. God bless

 "Diddley!" Lemme clarify someting first- I am not staying in New York City itself, but rather on nearby Long Island in a town called Jericho. That town is near where I lived 13 years ago in a place called Levittown, which was the first government-funded town built for returning veterans of World War II. So... yeah. Holy moly, one more day! Actually half a day! We are going to see the Yankees vs. the Astros tonight. Yahoo! Go 'Stros! I am at my dad's ole college again. I drew two neat pictures, one serious, one not so serious. The serious one is... meh. I used to be a good artist- not anymore. So sad. As I was in the car with my fajah yesterday night on the way to see Matrix: Reloaded, I had a unique experience. I started thinking about all of my friends: Melissa, Andrew, Kyle, Dave, Kellys, Pam, Casey, Erin, Katie, and the rest of the bunch, and I had this funky feeling in my chest. It was an ache; a burn to see them all again and a love for all of them and a gratitude for them being the awesome people they are. Now, I don't know if it was the two hot dogs from 711 that I got that were clogging my arteries, but there was definitely- really and truly- a feeling in my chest. It was awesome. Ha ha, I know it sounds corny, but it's true! Anyways, enough of my ramblings that nobody reads anyway... Yesterday was not bad at all, really. I got to hang out in the hotel all day and do whatever I wanted. I ran (finally!) around some office campus nearby and that was good. It had been a while since my last run, and it felt OH-SO-GOOD to get out and do it again. Yeah, I also called half of Klein High School using my phone card. Well, Christie, Pam, Erin, and Andrew. I used like 60 of my 100 minutes, 30 or so on Pam alone. But hey, not a bad thing. ;-) Yeah, watched a lot of VH1, and took a 3-hour nap, and I think one other thing. Then, fajah and I headed out to get some pics developed, and we checked out Eisenhower Park. Oh yeah, the other thing was 711. Chocolate donuts and white cheddar popcorn and hot dogs are good... Pics came out well, then we saw Matrix 2. it was... ok. Coulda done without that sex scene between Neo and Trinity. Completely unnecessary... Song of the Day is "Tub Thumping" by Chumba Wumba because it's on right now in the office I'm in. "I get knocked down, But I get up again You're never gonna keep me down I get knocked down, But I get up again You're never gonna keep me down He drinks a whiskey drink, He drinks a vodka drink He drinks a lager drink He drinks a cider drink He sings the songs that remind him of the good times He sings the songs that remind him of the best times Good Danny boy, Danny boy, Danny boy... I get knocked down, But I get up again You're never gonna keep me down I get knocked down, But I get up again You're never gonna keep me down" Holy crap, this radio station they have on here is SO good. Now they're playing "The Freshman" by Verve Pipe. Other good ones have come on also... not just "oldies" such as the aforementioned songs. Well, I have nothing else of value to say right now. I shall disembark from blogging for the time being. And it's awesome that I've been able to blog while here, so I don't have to do some super-huge one when I get back TOMORROW!!! God bless

 "Look out, Radioactive Man!" Still here in NYC. Melissa, I wanna go to Galveston!! Don't leave without me! Also, I knew LTJ covered that song- I had forgotten some of the words and so I was listening to their version (the only one I have) as I was typing them onto my blog. AND... I wasn't bored- we were back at the hotel after 11:00 at night. You know, time to retire for the evening. Saw the Empire State Building today, and tried to call Pam from the top, but it didn't work. So sad. Gonna hang out with Kelly A. on Wednesday night- we have definite plans after talking today. Also, today I saw some people that I hadn't seen in thirteen years- it was actually fun! They are berry nice folks. Umm... saw Central Park, Chinatown (never have I seen so many Asians in one place!) and ate lunch there. Mmm, cat... Oh- no offense, but never have I seen so many Jewish people! They are EVERYWHERE in this city. Amazing. Also saw my dad's college- United States Merchant Marine Academy at Kings Point. That was neat- now considering going there. Not really time for anything else right now, but I will catch you folks later. I love you all!!!!! (*can anyone tell where the l's ends and the exclamation marks begin?) God bless

 "The world is safe, eh, Fallout Boy?" "What's for lunch tomorrow?" "Next!" "Chicken necks?" "Hey" from the Big City. Been up to a lot of stuff. Got here Thursday, and Friday I hung out about the hotel while my dadas at classes. I wrote two songs, listened ot music, and watched TV. Also saw 2 Fast 2 Furious . That was... better than expected. Last night I saw a "concert" which featured Dion and also Jerry Lee Lewis. You know, the "Great Balls of Fire" guy. Yeah, it was pretty good, though Jerry is gettin' rather old... Dion had something good to say: "When you're down to nothing, God is up to something." Clever, no? But he sang an only true song: "Teenager in Love." SO it's the SoD. "Each time we have to part It almost breaks my heart I get so afraid That we'll have to part Each night I ask the stars up above 'Why must I be a teenager in love?' One day I feel so happy, The next I feel so sad I guess I'l have to take The good with the bad Each night I ask the stars up above 'Why must I be a teenager in love?' If you wanna make me cry That won't be so hard to do If you should say good-bye I'll still go on loving you Each night I ask the stars up above 'Why must I be a teenager in love?' " I've been way tired lately- I think I have mono or something My dad goes whiz more than Funny Cide. Saw Ellis Island and a buncha other stuff in the city today. Ate a HUMONGOUS pastrami sandwich. Got a funny SNL shirt. And quite a number of other things were accomnplished, but i have no time to tell you about them now. Enjoy your week, y'all, see you Wednesday! God bless

 "Mommy, will you open my milk for me?" "I'm not your mommy, Ralph. I'm Miss Hoover." This will not be the most joyful blog ever, but certainly one of the most profound I have done. I wanted to leave you with something hearty and real. Kyle Baker is chock full of protein and meaty goodness. You remember my philosophical rambling from earlier? I need to apply it right now; not sweat the small stuff. There was... an incident today that I will explain if I return from my journey. Speaking of which, I need some time away from life right now. I need to view it from a third-person angle, and evaluate myself. I shall do my best, Cap'n. I am glad I am going away, but I wish I could take one person with me, so as to have at least some semblance of home. No particular person, just one of my friends I guess- someone to enjoy this vacation with, but who will understand when I want alone time or need cheering up. I will be sitting at the hotel until 5 o'clock on three out of the five days I will be gone. How exciting. Maybe there will be slutty girls or something to make me feel better, or I'll meet some fascinating teens from another part of the country who wouldn't mind lowering themselves to hang out with me. Hardly ever have I felt such a yearning in my life. Just imagine how wonderful it would have been to experience this: I went running today and as I was going along I looked up into the sky that God had so mercifully cleared for me. No longer was it gray and depressing, but had opened up into a veritable chasm of blue wonderfulness. I had this ache to fly- literally fly, like Superman- up into it and leave everything behind; just scream into a blissfully ignorant state of freewheeling and looping and diving. Pushing myself harder and faster until I couldn't take the blinding speed at which I would be racing. Shooting through the air in wonderful flight, finally exploding with the happiness and gratitude for everything anyone had ever done for me. Part of me wanted to take my problems with me, the other part wanted to leave them behind. I didn't care, as long as I'd be able to fly, and that was all I wanted in the whole world at that moment. I even tried to stretch myself out and lift myself into the air to let God take me away and for me to explore the magnificent blue canvas that He had laid out for me to paint upon with my soaring body. I felt a tug, a pull upward towards the sky, yet I did not have the qualifications to make the final push into oblivion. Perhaps it was something in my life or in my soul that I was lacking. Nothing, I tell you, nothing... could have matched the happiness I would have felt had I been able to leap into space and let myself be free. But of course it didn't happen, and so that dream, like many others of mine, had been crushed. Thus I returned to reality, battered and broken once again. Erin- words can't express to you how stupid I am. How moronic I feel. What an idiot I was. How sorry I am. Find it in your heart to forgive me. When I set off on my excursion this week and I die while abroad, I don't want there to be anything harsh between us. God loves you, Erin, and if possible, I would love you more. Have a fantastic life, people. God made you to be wonderful the way you are, and I want everyone to explore their potential and be the best person they can. "Bull shit," I say to all of you who pretend. Get out there and make something of yourself and recognize life for the absolute glory and wonder it can hold. Push the envelope and don't be afraid to take risks. Careen through life joyfully, and make it count. I seriously can't express right now the overwhelming desire I have for everyone to succeed and just be happy . It burns inside of me to make everyone be awesome, and help out as many of you as I can, but it's just not happening. I won't stop trying, however. Have a great day. Oh, and don't forget to smile. =) God bless

 "For one weekend a month you're hosing stains off a statue in Dalls, and most of that time you're drunk off your ass." Pam, if you're reading this- I had no idea you were a vampire. You coulda just told me. I'm an understanding fellow. Super Troopers is a very funny movie. I recommed it for anyone my age or older. Chili's was fun. I ended up three dollars short. Someone owes me three bucks... Song of the Day is "Promise" by Eve 6. "Sleepin' through the evening Singing dreams inside my head I'm heading out I've got some ends who say They care and they just might Run away with you if things don't go as planned Planning big could be a gamble I've already rolled the dice I spit and stutter, stuff and clutter Worries in my worried corner Maladjusted Just untrusted Rusted Sometimes brilliant Busted Thoughts Think I'll stay for awhile Unintrigued and I'm Red as a newborn White as a corpse" That's just the first verse. God, I'm so tired. Here's a philosophical rambling for your enjoyment: If pain is just weakness leaving the body, why don't people who complain all the time get stronger really fast? Life is one big painful step from one event to the next. There are periods of rest and happiness along the way, but what is it for? No one can really be sure. Just that there is a lot of suffering, and we don't even know the half of it. In America, we have things so good we have to make up reasons to gripe and feel "troubled." To a person without a car, sitting at a red light or in a traffic jam would be a privelege. To us it is a burden. There are so many things we take for granted, and so many little things that piss us off. Focusing on the big picture would be beneficial. God puts small troubles in our way to test our character. Most people know how they would respond if something big came their way, but it's the small things that really test who we are. If we can only look past insignificant bothers and see life for the glory it can hold, the world would be a much better place. So everyone reading this, smile. Be happy with who you are and what you have. And never stop being as cool as you are. God bless

 "I am the ghost of Cesar Chavez." "Then why do you look like Cesar Romero?" "Because joo don't know what Cesar Chavez looks like." I'm going to do a little cutty-pasty from Meliss'a blog so I don't have to type so much myself. I was there when all this occured- in fact, it was upon my urging that we watched the show. Taken out of context: "At Casey's house we watched a show called "Little People, Big Convention". It was about these midgets (little people is the correct term actually) and they all go to a big convention of the LPA (Little People of America). They play games and sports and dance and have talents shows and stuff. It was awesome. Little people rock! Speaking of little people, Casey called Crystal to come over, and her little brothers and dad said that she was home but they could not find her, and that she would call back when they found her. She never called back! We concluded that she most likely got lost inside a shoe or the microwave or something. Silly midget..." I fell down while running yesterday. Erin and I were cruising down Stuebner when my shoelace (whose loop was too big) decided to catch itself on my other foot, and I bit the dust- almost. I caught myself with my hands. Now one is aching from an internal bruise, and one has two cuts in it. Erin was just happy we got to stop for about 30 seconds. Well, after our run, we hit the Shave-Ice stand by Shipley Donuts. I suggest everyone take a couple of trips there this summer. It's good. And for a small cone it's only $1.00. Medium is $1.50- a very good deal if you ask me, considering the over-priceyness of other places. And the product is good too. I got "Polar Punch." Not bad it was... not bad at all. Which brings me to my next point: Don't smoke crack. But my other next point is that when I was at Pam's house yesterday, she tried to make me go home, but my Band-Aid from my cut had fallen off, and she wouldn't help me look for it. That wasn't very nice. I was out in the front yard/ driveway on my hands and kness, and she was like "Dude! Go home! I have to do homework ! Because homework is more fun than hanging out with you, Sean!" Ha ha, that last sentence she didn't say, but I know she was thinking it. Well maybe that part isn't true either... But I had fun screwing around in front of her house for the half-hour or so I was there. Left-Handed Monkey, and dinner at Chili's today. Other than that, I got nothing. Gimme a call folks. Enjoy your summer. God bless

 "Something about four guys... alone in the woods... kinda gay if you ask me." I have here in my hands some report from the "Iowa Tests of Basic Skills" that I took in first grade. I didn't live in Iowa, that's just the people who made the test. I took it at Theiss here in Spring, (geaux Tigers!) before moving on to Doerre (D-O-E-R-R-E... gooo Doerre!) then wonderful Klein (All hail, all hail to Ole Klein High...). Anyways, the report says this: "Sean was given the Iowa Tests of Basic Skills in March, 1993. He is in first grade at Theiss Elemenatary in Klein. Sean's Core Total score is the best indicator of his overall achievement on the tests. Sean's Core Total national percentile rank of 99 means that he scored better than 99 percent of first grade students nationally. His overall achievement appears to be high for first grade. In Sean's case, overall performance is sufficiently high so that no single area seems particularly weak or strong relative ot the others." And it goes on... Wow. Better than 99 percent of first grade students nationally. Damn, I was good! So what happened to that?! My PSAT was only better than only like 97 percent of people. I'm slacking big time. But seriously, I have gone to seed since then. The only thing was, I knew a buncha stuff before everyone else. Now theyve all learned it in school. I just learned it before they did, and so I seemed smarter. Now, everyone has passed me by- I am not even in Top 10 Percent. Shows what crap I have done since first grade... Anyways I would love to stay and chat, but I am going to call Erin right now, and then just screw around until noon when Casey comes to get me to HUNT NUTRIA!!! Boo-ya! Give me a call today people if you'd like to hang out or do something. It would be most appreciated. Holy crap- I coulda sworn I just heard my sister (as she was playing Nintendo) say, "Aww, c'mon! F*cking retard, man!" Yikes! Where are the horsemen of that Apocalypse? God bless

 "You want me to shoot a reindeer ?" Locating Nemo was a grand movie. Lotsa little funny things that made the whole thing enjoyable. Definitely worth the money. Look for Buzz Lightyear! Two words: Pam is way cool. Matt Mara's graduation party today was fun. Lotsa old CC alumni among others. Good times had by all. Two bands were there, and extremely loud. The first I didn't see- For the Time Being. The second was Glass Intrepid, and they were good, but the place was small and thus the music was very loud. But it was grand, anyways. I'm tired. Nutria hunting tomorrow with Casey, and definitely RUNNING WITH ERIN!!! Huzzah! I'm out like the lights in my bedroom, cuz I"m going to sleep. I'll leave you with this excerpt from one of my favorite books from when I was younger, which was once vividly read by Christopher Walken on the Simpsons: "Good night, cow. Good night, moon. Good night, cow jumping over the moon." God bless

 "OK, Mr. Burns, what's your first name?" "I don't know..." Pam is back! How neat is that? I'd say very. Well, I continued the pool party streak by having one at my own house today. What a hypocrit I am. SoCo is so good. Why had I never heard their music before? I wore Casey's swim bottoms at Andrea Hecker's graduation party today, cuz I had none of my own. Case, Andrew, Kyle, and Andrea (and Lindsey tried to peek under the towel) saw me with them on. I had to show Andrea and that was her graduation present from me. VERY revealing. Stuff was coming out. Well, I didn't get into the pool for two reasons: 1) Melissa and Lindsey and Colleen would not have spoken to me if I did, so I woulda been sitting in the corner by myself and 2) there were adults and small children present, so I don't think it woulda been too well-received had I gone in nearly naked. And speaking of nakedness, at my get-together, Kyle, Andrew and I were in the hot tub, eh? Yeah, well Casey and Kelly were in the pool. So us guys take off our swimsuits and throw them in the pool to display our incredible brain power by giving the girls our method of covering our nude selves.Yeah, after that smart move, the chicks go throw our suits in the corner of my yard. Normally, I would hop right out and retrieve them, but my parents are sitting downsatirs and there's a huge window where they can see everything from. So we have to covertly maneuver our way to the outskirts of the pool (after slyly exiting the hot tub) and go run over by my fence to get our stuff. It was.. interesting to be sure, especially when my dad nearly came outside like 3 times. Yikes! onehopelessdream: haha willy wonka...that movie was twisted that runnerguy86: he was a pedophile. "i've got caaandy..." Kelly and I are good buds again. Kyle and I are working towards it. Grand. Went to graduation today. I handed out programs, so now I have no serivce project to do for NHS! Huzzah! CONGRATULATIONS KLEIN HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES CLASS OF 2003!!! Best wishes and Godspeed! Kyle and I went to BJ's graduation party. We were the only white people there. But hey, it was cool. Good barbecue and not too much racial tension. We were accepted as one of their own. And Brandon's mom showed us her spankin' paddle that she used to hit BJ with. Hee hee, it had broken long ago, but she had taped it back together. BJ's hopes for no more paddlins were smashed. Like my broken dreams upon the concrete that day you said goodbye. I made up that last sentence, but I think it could go good in a song, am I right? I should go to bed. I have quite an adventure waiting for me tomorrow. I have to go locate some dude named Nemo. He's underwater, but where? Sheezy, my work will be cut out for me. Oh, but I'll have help- Pamboni. God bless

 "Ok, you two kids need to get on home... sorry to disturb you, Dr. Hibbert." I had another weird dream last night. This time, it was about Mark Bombulie. He and I were at the bow of some ship, and all of a sudden we had some contest to see who could better quote the whole "To be or not to be?" monologue from Shakespeare's Hamlet . Yeah, it was quite strange, and neither of us got it right. It sounded kinda right in my dream but I know it wasn't. We had a buncha wrong words and phrases. Someone help me: what does it mean when I start having weird Shakespearean or softball dreams about my friends? This is only the second one so far, but I'll keep you updated if more decide to surface. Christie called me last night at 11:20. Sad to say I was asleep, as my fajah had made me go to bed early. He also had heard the ring and made me get off the phone immediately. So that was gay. But thanks, Christie, for calling- that was way cool of you. Hope to be more available next time... I gotta eat lunch. Last night I ate more crabs and about (no hyperbole here) 100 or more crab claws. Ugh, it took a while, but it was all very good. Deuce. God bless

 "Adults! You run our lives like you're Colonel Klink! Adults! You strut around like your farts don't stink!" Well, my buds are back from yearbook camp. And what does that mean to me? Hardly anything, cuz I'm still in New Orleans! Ha ha, but if it makes them happy to be home, I'm happy as well. I know you guys had fun, so, uh, woohoo! Ok, a shout out and a thank you go to Melissa for signing my forum. She's like the first person who's done so in over a month. Also, she was the 75th person to sign it, so... oh wait, there's no prize. Nevermind. But you guys should all gang up and sign like crazy so we can hit 100. 100 posts! I mean, c'mon, a feat worthy of Hercules, if not Beowulf or some other hero of less caliber then Hercules. Maybe James Bond or something. I talked to Dave on the phone yesterday, and I was happy to do so. However, since we weren't in my backyard until 3 o'clock in the morning, the conversation wasn't as fruitful as it coulda been. I played golf with old men today, also with my brother. I lost. To one old man. I beat the other. Is... is that an accomplishment that I can say I beat an old man? Is it a disgrace to say that I lost to an old man? Is it more of a disgrace to admit that we played from the ladies' tees? Ha ha, Joe, if you're reading this: "Poonanny!!!" Ha ha ha ha ha ha! I am going to teach Pam to play golf. Whether she likes it or not. And she probably won't (I mean, it's quality time with Sean- what should I expect?) , so I guess we're only gonna have like one lesson or so. Do I ask too many rhetorical questions? I had a weird dream about Sam the other night. We were gonna play softball, and there was no crowd (we were at Cypresswood/Collins Park) and she was scared to play because there was... no crowd. I was rather confused. No cereal dreams recently. I have got to stop listening to Dashboard. I don't wanna be sick of them for my trip to Gulf Shores which is in not one, not three, but two days!!! Oh yeah! I guess you can tell I'm pretty bored. It's 9:10 p.m. in the middle of summer, and I'm 16 years old. I should be out partying all night and rocking 'n' rolling every day. I guess I could be watching that "200 Greatest Pop Culture Icons" show on VH1. After all, it is hosted by that hot Kristin Davis from Sex and the City . Hmm, a tantalizing offer... Gimme a ring on the cell if y'all are bored. Anytime this week, nights and weekends. And if you really need me, any time is fine. God bless

 " The Deer Hunter , eh? Um, that reminds me..." Mo and I thought up a cool new word: melmc33 pheliac. Ha ha, well I thought it was funny. Today for late lunch/supper/dinner, we are having my grandpa's world-famous boiled crabs. Oh, you've never heard of them? Well, you must have been living on Mars for the past decade. In a cave. With your eyes closed. And your fingers in your ears. For those of my long-time and still loyal blog- readers, you may know how much I love these crabs. I love crabs almost as much as I love you guys. And that's a lot. More than you might ever know... Ha ha, taken out of context, that sounds funny: "I love crabs almost as much as I love you guys." I wish I had crabs. Riiight now. Oh, crabs are good. In fact, crabs are great. I love having crabs, especially when I can put them in my mouth. I finally got to go to the Five Happiness, a Chinese restaurant that has been haunting my dreams for the last five years, yesterday. Apparently my hopes for the good quality of their food were too high. Dang. Deuce. God bless

 "Mmm, that was a good yodel... I wish I had one right now." Something's different. There... there's no melmc33 . There's always a melmc33 . Always on... but now... nothing. Big Easy is... easy. Except running. Gosh, it's so much harder here. Whatever. Harry potter 5 was pretty good, though I feel I shoulda taken my time with it, and truly, truly enjoyed it. I got nothing... God bless

 "Celebrate the independence of your nation by blowing up a small part of it!" I've figured it out! J.K. Rowling, the author of the best-selling literary series that follows the exploits of one Harry Potter, has taken a part of our own lives and incorporated it into her fifth book, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix ! Yes, that's right. Mrs. Kelley has taken her reincarnation in the form of Professor Umbridge, the mean, vitriolic, and totally unfair and stupid teacher at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Such an astounding epiphany should certainly be reported in the Houston Chronicle, if not at leat in the Klein Bearchat. More as this story develops... God bless

 "A good son would make money for his father through his magic act." "Well a good dad would go to his son's little league games!" "I told you, I find them boring ." BBALLKHS: hmmmmmmm so BBALLKHS: what do you want to talk about that runnerguy86: life, love, and everything in between Today, I will garner the superhuman stregth that festers within me and I will break down the walls of the nearest building that is not a residence. It's just getting to be too much, you know? All of it. Everything... God bless

 "Marge, I could never lie to you, so... goodbye." I just got my AP test scores back. All 4s. English III, Calculus, and History. Friggin' fours... Once again, my life reflects the mediocrity that I have become. I used to be at the top of the heap, and through sloth and lack of will I have descended into the hell that has become my failure. It haunts me; how my standards and achievements have dropped so low that I am looking down upon them as I lie face-down on the floor. that runnerguy86: i got 4s on my AP tests that runnerguy86: instead of 5s, which are the best turtle198853: u moron And so it goes... God bless

 "Gee, Poochy, it looks like you've got something to say!" Dang, I heard this song today for the first time, and I absolutely loved it. So, it's the Song of the Day. "The Glory of Love" by NFG. It describes me in nearly every sense. Ladies, I would do anything for you: be there and support you and everything this song describes. Man, it's moved me... "Tonight it's very clear As we're both lying here There's so many things I wanna say I will always love you I will never leave you alone Sometimes I just forget, Say things I might regret It breaks my heart to see you crying I don't want to lose you I could never make it alone Cause I am the man who will fight for your honor I'll be the hero that you're dreaming of Gonna live forever Knowing together That we did it all for the glory of love You keep me standing tall You'll help me through it all I'm always strong when you're beside me I have always needed you I could never make it alone... Cause I am the man who will fight for your honor I'll be the hero that you're dreaming of Gonna live forever Knowing together That we did it all for the glory of love It's like a knight in shining armor From a long time ago Just in time I'll save the day Take you to my castle far away... I am the man who will fight for your honor I'll be the hero that you're dreaming of Gonna live forever Knowing together That we did it all for the glory of love" Matt Leal and I... we could be those heroes. Just give us a chance. I know it sounds weird, but that song has taken it all outta me. That and "Again I Go Unnoticed" by Dashboard. So, I got nothing else for you now. God bless

 "Quack quack quack."* Ran in the rain. Was a quintessential summer rain run. Got a Dashboard CD yesterday. I like it, and today has the perfect weather to listen to it. Makes you feel real good inside, you know? The rain and somewhat depressing lyrics add up to a wonderful experience. Sometimes my dad is parsimonious. But sometimes he's not. PMS is ok. Sometimes it's not fun, but for the most part I think I'll enjoy it. Plus, I get paid for it, so that's an added bonus. I am so sick of working on our house. The break to New Orleans and to Gulf Shores will be just what I need. However, my running will become lax... but all in the name of rejuvenation, ya know? The beach should be fun this year, and with no girlfriend, I don't have to worry about any balls and chains back at home to keep me from having an absolutely fun time. The "beach babes" as my cousin and I call them will be all over us this year. Hell yes. *Translation: "It's my first day." God bless

 "I'm a rageaholic... I can't live without rageahol." "When one door closes, another opens. However, that one leads to the garage, so you're not likely to find much." Song of the Day is: "You Can't Hurry Love" by Diana Ross and the Supremes. It should be my motto now. It seems to have been my life story thus far... "I need love, love To ease my mind I need to find, find someone to call mine But mama said You can't hurry love No, you just have to wait She said love don't come easy It's a game of give and take You can't hurry love No, you just have to wait You got to trust, give it time No matter how long it takes But how many heartaches Must I stand Before I find a love To let me live again Right now the only thing That keeps me hangin' on When I feel my strength, yeah It's almost gone I remember mama said: You can't hurry love No, you just have to wait She said love don't come easy It's a game of give and take How long must I wait How much more can I take Before loneliness will cause my heart Heart to break? No I can't bear to live my life alone I grow impatient for a love to call my own But when I feel that I, I can't go on These precious words keeps me hangin' on I remember mama said: You can't hurry love No, you just have to wait She said love don't come easy It's a game of give and take You can't hurry love No, you just have to wait She said trust, give it time No matter how long it takes No, love, love, don't come easy But I keep on waiting Anticipating for that soft voice To talk to me at night For some tender arms To hold me tight I keep waiting I keep on waiting But it ain't easy It ain't easy But mama said: You can't hurry love No, you just have to wait She said to trust, give it time No matter how long it takes You can't hurry love No, you just have to wait She said love don't come easy It's a game of give and take" Sorry that was long, but it needed to be said. Kinda like, "supercalifragilisticexpialidocious." Back to work I must go. But speaking of work, I now have a job at PMS. Huzzah! God bless

 "That arranged can be." I had such an awesome time tonight. I have such good friends. I have such a good life... Party here tonight- y'all who didn't show missed a fun time. Well, it was good for me at least. I got to see a lotta fun people whom I had not laid eyes on in a while. Lori, you are one awesome girl. I can't believe I never really got to know you! Augh! ComplacentClancy: did y'all play mariokart? that runnerguy86: oh yeah that runnerguy86: i beat melissa that runnerguy86: more than she beat me ComplacentClancy: did she cry ComplacentClancy: since she's all about the mario kart that runnerguy86: yeah that runnerguy86: like a little baby Mariokart was fun. I apologize to those who didn't get to play or who were stuck watching us play and may have felt excluded. Also, I am sorry to those who may have wanted to swim. Sam and Holly, don't know if you really knew anyone or not... but your backpacks were way cool. And the haircut came out fine. Andrew- always a rocking fellow. Klein was good, but now my foot hurts. The grass there felt like heaven to walk on. I feel like a good kid for having cleaned up the trash on and around the track... it being my duty to do so. And that cop who would rather spy on us than attend an accident scene... very unusual to say the least. Erin- always a pleasure to be around. You make things so much fun, even though you wear shoes that make you seem 10 feet taller than me. Long John Taco hit the spot. Weirdos who stand in the parking lot for 45 minutes creep me out. Pam, sorry you couldn't come. You were a great friend anyhow to someone who needed you so much more than I did. I thus commend you. Here's to late-night truth sessions in the kitchen. M&M's are the perfect compliment. Now, none of that leaves the kitchen, right? Yeah, we'll see... I am SO tired. My eyes burn with the tiredness that is assailing me. "Assailing"... I like that word. However, my nonsensical ramblings and inside jokes shall be discontinued for now. Au revoir. God bless

 "I can't belive you are not shutting up!" Tennis last night was fun. I sucked, and got made fun of for playing barefoot, but I liked it anyway. Before that, when I was watching a movie, that was cool too. I went running this morning at the Woodlands with Greg Kelly. We went to do a bi-monthly 5K that they host there. I woulda beat Greg, but I got lost on the course. That was kinda gay. Instead of running 3.12 miles, I ran somewhere about 4.5. Fast. Still working on the house... but party here tonight, I think. Not raucous and whatnot; just people here to have a general good time. Maybe I should put out balloons and streamers. Oh, and you're invited. It won't start until after 6, cuz I'll have had to eat and shower after we are done with today's construction. Melissa, don't forget to bring Mariokart and an extra controller. Well, everyone seems happy enough as a couple. They all have someone to have and to hold, while I have my "wife pillow" that some of you have seen. But now I think I'll just try and enjoy my singularity. I mean, in 10 years I'll probably be married (well, probably not, but for the sake of the point I'm making I will be) and will have a wife and will not have to worry about the whole stupid girl situation. So I think I'm renouncing (well not exactly renouncing, but am being indifferent to) relationships for now. This could be fun. :-) Remodeling calls, so I shall perhaps blog later. Later. Later later later.... God bless

 "Good morning, ma'am. Good afternoon, sir. You'll notice I said 'good afternoon' because the time passed 12 o'clock as I was speaking to you." Today turned out not bad at all, I guess. A lot better than my outlook this morning predicted. I went to the dentist and so my teeth are cleaned. He told me about banjo concerts I should go to in League City. Thanks, but no thanks. I am having PPRS problems. For you laymen out there, that's "Phantom Phone Ring Syndrome." I keep thinking I hear my cell phone ringing when it's not, especially during songs on the radio and such. I can't believe I forgot to mention this earlier: Guys With Ties is my new favorite band!!! You guys rock! I had a banana split today. Mmm... One day, I will capture a photograph of a real UFO. I will make lots of money from it. But I will still be the same person inside. Bearkadette pool party today. It was ok. Got "thrown" in the pool, ate some sandwiches, got made fun of by Austin Schauer for my sucky volleyball skills (hey- I play my strengths: football, baseball and running), and called out a door prize for someone. All in all, I'd say a little higher than "meh." I went running this evening, about 8. The sunset was absolutely gorgeous. I didn't go yesterday, so it was a great relief to run today. We now have a door with a frame. Shee-it, baby, yeah. Medgeller, you smell like funky skinny-fish that swim backwards. Life is improving, if only slightly and temporarily. :-) God bless

 "OK Kid, could ya take the fries off my head? The basket's really hot..." Kelly Adams- wow. Such a cool person; really helps me get things straight. Thanks, Kelly. :-) Summer can be so fun, if you let it. I just gots to do so. God bless

 "Pray... for... Mojo" Wisdom from my good friend Katie Liddell: "Just when you think you have it all figured out, life throws you a curveball. It pulls a fast one on you." "Well, is it a fastball or a curveball?" "A fast curveball." Such a gem... I'm going to see Kyle Vandivort's concert tonight. I'm excited! Really, I am. "Guys With Ties" will soon be my new favorite band, and I will need to purchase every one of their albums! Augh, and after I just bought an NFG poster for my room... You know what word even sounds really good? "Cupcakes." God, they are so good, and the word that is their moniker sounds muy rico as well. The Simpsons is about to come on, so I'm gonna go now. Peace out, people. One day I will rid myself of the stereotypical monologue-ish retardedness that is my blog. God bless

 "It took me years to forge that groove!..." HAPPY BIRTHDAY, KYLE!!!!! Yahoooooooo! Paaaaaartay! Song of the Day is: "Ballad for the Lost Romantics" by New Found Glory. I know I've used it before, but I like it and it's my damn blog so I'm gonna put what I want to. It's just how I feel right now. "I've grown sick I've gotten older I finally have an audience to ignore me I can yell all I want But you still Still can't hear me I'm punching myself out Holding in my breath I can take this lightly Throwing up the words that I said to you I always do Do what I'm not supposed to Here's to us fools that have no meaning I tip my glass to you Let's toast the night away to friends And forget about tomorrow I might say things you don't wanna hear But someday you might care And I won't be there No, I won't be there Here's to us fools that have no meaning I tip my glass to you Let's toast the night away to friends And forget about tomorrow" God bless

 "You'd better not be in my ass-groove!" I ran 14 miles today. No, not all at once, but I totaled 14 miles. From June 23-July 8 I have run 114.25 miles. When I tell people I run far on certain occasions, they ask me why. Why not, jackasses? Because I want to. It's good for me, and I like doing it. They might also say "You're crazy!" or, "How weird!" It's not crazy if it makes you feel good, morons. Why not get up off your fat American asses and try it once in a while- it just might benefit you. I just got invited to go to Astroworld tomorrow with Pam and a fantastic group of people, and I can't go. Friggin' being broke sucks, and I have guitar lesson at 2:30. Augh... I'm starting to learn some NFG stuff, so that is good, I guess... Life is turning around, back and forth, like an oscillation, combined with a centrifugal gyroscopic motion that hurls me ever towards the center of my own inconsistent existence, yet I am unable to figure out what kind of existence it might be. Perhaps, my life in a nutshell: YKraZDayZ: have u been still chasing the girls or are u settled that runnerguy86: chasing that runnerguy86: not caught a one... Myy creative juices have been sucked dry by the demons of despair and discontent. I'll get you, demons... God bless

 "I'm going to Bovine University!" Again, I say, Medgeller is cool. Summer is ok, I guess. I need to find something good to do during the days. Maybe white-water rafting... in my bathtub. I REALLY want some gosh-dang Chinese food. PLEASE. I got nothing... no creative juices. Mmm, juice. Orange juice. I sprayed orange cleaner today. Citrus... God bless

 "Well, excuuuuuse ME!" Naked + rain = shower. One, day I will find my 6 year-old soulmate. And take him out to breakfast. Yesterday was fun: eating burgers and watching TV at Andrew's house, watching the cool fireworks show in SCO, seeing a buncha people not seen in a while, and capping it off with swimming at Mark's house. A very good and thorough summer's eve, if I do say so myself. I LOVE MEDGELLER!!! SHE ROCKS MY SOCKS!!! ...and my t-shirts. Pam likes to eat. Well, I should hope so; she's already skin-and-bones, so she definitely needs some meat on herself. Eat, woman! Gorge yourself! I'm out like the lights that I have to turn off to make it look like people are living at my home. God bless

 "Ow! Someone punched me in the face!" "It was your mother!" I had a great time last night. Star Wars is certainly the cure for what ails you. Friends are cool, too, ya know. Oh, and who knew romance could blossom amidst Ewoks and TIE Fighters? Hee hee hee... "in time." that runnerguy86: what are your thought on repealing the 17th amendment? Inky Cap 11: it can suck it that runnerguy86: so you're for killing cute, innocent puppy dogs only searching for a home amidst the chaos of this world? Inky Cap 11: no that runnerguy86: you just said you were Inky Cap 11: no i didnt Inky Cap 11: i said the puppies can suck it Inky Cap 11: they like to suck it Riiight... N Sync is a boy band. No one likes boy bands. Maybe they should try being something that someone likes. Something like me... Well, Andrew's here. My family is out of town this weekend, so I am staying at his house. Party time! Yahooooo! God bless

 "In the midst of all the terrorizing and skin eating, somehow we forgot the love." We-he-hell; it turns out Pam had the idea for Car Tag before I did. Poo to that, I say. It doesn't matter who had the idea (me), as long as we can all share in the glory and fun of the activity. If anyone would like to play sometime, gimme a call or post one on the forum. It's July 2. Things are gonna look so much different from the other side of Friday. And that would be a good band name: The Other Side of Friday. But seriously, once the Fourth of July is over, there will be no big landmark date in the summer, and it may only get bleaker as school approaches. We're running out of time! Taking pictures was fun. I really enjoyed doing it- rather therapeutic almost, too. I surely need to do it more often. Cross-country should kick butt this year. Maybe not fun-wise like it used to, but I'll definitely be doing even better than last year. Watch out, Chris: you're gonna get a whoopin', and you're not gonna like it. If I could hear more of stuff like this: blottedcow: ahh, im here for you My haircut is ok. I'd prefer it to be better... I always have bad luc with haircuts- they never turn out how I want. Augh! Well, at least we have over a month until school starts so it can almost grow back. Crap, I just realized we have the Bearkadette Luau on July 10th. My hair is gonna make me look really gay in front of all the hot girls. Nooooo! Erin, you're such a wonderful person, and I only want you to be happy. Pleeeeez be happy!!! :-) Maybe more later. God bless

 "Does anyone have any jumper cables?" that runnerguy86: what's new? ComplacentClancy: not much ComplacentClancy: just sitting on my ass that runnerguy86: ah, summer Running for me is the only solace now. I have come to love it and appreciate it so much. I wish I could do it all the time. Never stop running, never stop running, never stop running God bless

 "Yeah, and get this: they don't call it a Krustyburger with cheese- it's a 'Quarter Pounder with cheese.' " "Ha! A 'Quarter Pounder with cheese!' " Man, my birthday was freaking awesome. That's all I can really say. Thanks to everyone who made it possible: God, the Academy, Steven Spielberg... wait, wrong speech. That one I have to give in ten years... But really, thanks, guys. Erin for calling. Casey and Andrew and Ala for... Ala. And everything inside her. Everyone that donated a hug. Emilia for a card. My 'rents for hammock. Sandra for card, MARSHMALLOWS, and crucifix Kyle and Kelly for candy, Turtle, "OPEN" sign. Christie for Starbuck's card. Pam for studying a little and sharing my Reese's ice cream pie. Elizabeth for little balls. By the way, it's NEVER gonna be "Little Balls." Julie for brownies... that contained laxatives. Everyone else for just being awesome! Ha ha, and Julie didn't put laxatives, though it woulda been fun. This week has been good overall. First cross country meet on Saturday! Who gets to wake up at 5:15 after watching the entire Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers DVD late at night? Me! Yay! Man, I'm tired, but I want to blog. But what is there to blog about right now? Oh, I'm meeting a new chick online through Simon. Her name is Jill and she goes to Cy Fair. I'll let you know how it turns out. ;) When I grow up and I listen to my music that I favor now, I hope I don't cry. Not from sentimentality, but from the dust that might get in my eye. God bless

 "More testicles means more iron." Today... is Tuesday. I got to talk to Kelly this morning! I hope I made a difference. She does rock and roll... today also happens to be the date upon which I exited the womb, 17 years ago. In other words, it's my dang birthday. Again. They come an go so often it seems pointless. It seems such a short time since the last one. The only thing that lasts or that I really care about are the presents. They're the only good thing about ever having birthdays. Joshing you... Well, it's always the same routine: I wake up, maybe get a "Happy Birthday" from my bro and sis in the morning, a few at school, I come home and eat dinner, do hw, and eat ice cream cake/ pie or something, open presents and go to bed. Yayyy. I mean, same thing every year, and EVERYONE has a birthday. It's really nothing special. Maybe Hitler knew how to throw a rocking party: "Oh, it's getting cold you say? Toss a few more Hebrews into that fireplace. Now, everybody have another round of Heineken!" ..... I am so going to hell. Some things I've learned over my long years upon this earth: 1) Parents can be jerks 2) Friends can be awesome 3) When you don't sleep, you get tired 4) Now and again, you won't live up to someone's expectations, but you don't always have to care 5) Expect the unexpected 6) Helping others is amazing 7) The Internet will be the downfall of our society Heck, I've learned all of that today, so who knows what else I've forgotten? Awesome... what I used to know... I need to remedy my experience with #3, so I shall try to fix my current status from "tired'' to "maybe, and I mean maybe, less tired." God bless

 "Then how come I don't hear any sleeping screams?" Yesterday we started a cross-country fight club. It was so cool, although I didn't get to box. My parents would not allow me to, due to risks and stuff. I got to watch and referee, and that was still fun. Next time I'm actually fighting, though. It'll be bad-ace. There was somethign else I was gonna say, but I can't remember what it was. Me and my gingko biloba need to have a reunion. I got a haircut, so now the shag is gone. I look like a little kid again. Wait, I always have, so now I just look like a littler kid. If littler is a word... It's the weekend, so it's nap time. Peace out. God bless

 "You mean foxy boxing?" "Yes! THAT'S what I wanted!" At Old Navy this evening, Kyle and I each bought a shirt. I went first and got a bag when I checked out. When it was Kyle's turn, I decided to save a sea turtle from painful asphyxiation and just put both shirts in one bag. When I gave my bag back to the gal behind the counter, I said, "I'm saving a sea turtle." She looks carefully at the plastic bag and says, "Oh, is that what these things are made of?" My time-trial went ok. I got 5th on the team when I expected to be third, but hey: varsity is varsity. What really made me happy was when Lacey and Pam came to do a yearbook profile on Erik Stanley. I mean, cheer me on. Yeah, that's it. Pam had a camera with her because she is a good writer. I am tired. My parents are at a wedding. This time next week, I have no curfew... well, under the law, that is. Parents are a different story. God bless

 "Well what's the one where the chicks wail on each other???"" Good news: mi padre says I can go to the Dashboard concert! Huzzah! Also, I got the Dashboard Confessional: MTV Unplugged CD today as an early birthday present. Wait, what am I talking about? I don't have a birthday, so disregard that last statement completely. Also, I am not currently obsessed with Dashboard. Well, when you eat, sleep, and breathe and think about them all the time, that's not obsession. Right? Right? I have a time-trial today at 3 o'clock at Cypresswood park for cross-country, to determine who makes varsity the first meet. Joy. It's gonna be SO hot outside; unless it's thunderstorming, that is. I have no doubt I'll actually be V-Squad this year, I just don't want the responsibility and stuff... Ah well, such is life. I need to find my hackey sack and finish getting ready for school. Deuce. God bless

 "THAT'S tennis?!?!" Well, school has started. I'm a dang senior. Sheezy, man. My classes are pretty good. Aquatic science will rock my face off. :) I have cool people in my classes, too. Melissa in Comp. Sci. and in Gov. Pam in Stat. And C lunch is so much better than B lunch. Kizzyle and Kizzelly are in there! Balls is too! How fun! AND, biggest news of all, Lauren Rocco asked me to go to Dashboard with her- for free! Her and Simon had an extra ticket and she knew I liked them so I was invited. Now, all I have to do is get the 'rents' permission... A tough task that is. A cool friend Lauren is, a cool friend. For now I must depart, so keep up the good work and "Be cool, stay in school." Riiight. God bless

 "So... I've noticed your house smells of feces..." "Um..." "And not just monkey feces, either." I'm not telling you when my birthday is, just that it's coming up soon. Here's my wish list- feel free to pitch in with others to "obtain" any or all of the postmentioned items: Car Cool shirt(s) from www.80stees.com Hammock (stand and mat and pillow and canopy optional) Money Clothes Store credit at the Left Handed Monkey Food Food coupons Chinese food from Oriental Garden Remote-control airplane Maybe a fish A life-size poster of Pamela Anderson to hang on my closet door Tickets to the Dashboard concert Good CDs More food Now that that's taken care of, I can go look up pictures of scantliy clad rhinoceri on the Web. The internet is a wonderful thing. I think this is funny: "HER DIARY: Saturday night I thought he was acting weird. We had made plans to meet at a bar to have a drink. I was shopping with my friends all day long, so I thought he was upset at the fact that I was a bit late, but he made no comment. Conversation wasn't flowing so I suggested that we go somewhere quiet so we could talk, he agreed but he kept quiet and absent. I asked him what was wrong - he said, "Nothing." I asked him if it was my fault that he was upset. He said it had nothing to do with me and not to worry. On the way home I told him that I loved him, he simply smiled and kept driving. I can't explain his behavior; I don't know why he didn't say, "I love you, too." When we got home I felt as if I had lost him, as if he wanted nothing to do with me anymore. He just sat there and watched T.V.; he seemed distant and absent. Finally I decided to go to bed. About 10 minutes later he came to bed and to my surprise he responded to my caress and we made love, but I still felt that he was distracted and his thoughts were somewhere else. I decided that I could not take it anymore, so I decided to confront him with the situation but he had fallen asleep. I started crying and cried until I too fell asleep. I don't know what to do. I'm almost sure that his thoughts are with someone else. My life is a disaster. HIS DIARY: LSU lost today, but at least I got some." Sleep is grasping me with clammy tentacles. Ewww... God bless

 "Animals are crapping in our houses; what, did we lose a war? That's not America, that's not even Mexico!!" What I like about the bathroom that us guys share here at the office, is that the toilet seat is perpetually up. Snap man, Erin is leaving real soon. That bums me out. Aileen is aleady gone. She was cool. Sharen and Kelly and Joe and Lori and everyone are leaving! Why can't they stay with me forever? For-ev-er... Got a renewed driver's license today. Pam didn't think they'd give it to me cuz I was black. That is an abomination, if you ask me. The fact that I'm not black, that is. God bless

 "I thought he was a party robot!" I've discovered some consistencies in this otherwise crazy, mixed-up world. 1) Every AIM convo begins the same way. Example: "Hey" hey "What's up?" nothin. you? "nothing" Yeah... 2) High school conversations are all the same. Example: "Hey, don't tell anyone, but..." Hey, I'm not supposed to tell anyone, but... "Don't tell anyone I told you this, but..." 3) Girls are really hard to figure out. Example: "Ha ha, Sean, I love you! You're the greatest!" A week later, when you try to ask them out: "Um, I don't think so." 4) Golf is hard. For instance: My grandparents' priest said so. And I've played it. 5) When you work out, you sweat. Example: "Boy, that was a hard workout!" It sure was, and you are sweating! "Ha ha, I certainly am!" Rock and roll. God bless

 "Now will you unhook me please?! I don't deserve this kind of treament!" *BZZZZ* Andrew thinks I should blow-dry my hair. I think NOT. Well, this is my last "free" Monday. School starts in exactly 7 days. And starting tonight, I have CC practice at 7 p.m. through Friday so except for tomorrow, I won't be able to do anything for a while. Meaning like, 9 o'clock. This is also my last chance to get in more hours at work. So, I'd better get ready now. Deuce. God bless

 "If there's anything you should learn from this is that I'm RICH! RICH! RICH!" I went bowling last night. I did pretty well. I played Fall Ball one frame, which is where you run with the ball and dive forward, while loosing the ball as you slide towards the pins. Well, I did that and knocked down all the pins! Dang, I'm good. Yesterday was fun, if not discomforting at Baskin Robbins. My life was rated "PG-13." urlLink What about you? "When I born, I black When I grow up, I black When I go in sun, I black When I cold, I black When I scared, I black When I sick, I black And when I die, I still black. You white folks...... When you born, you pink When you grow up, you white When you go in sun, you red When you cold, you blue When you scared, you yellow When you sick, you green And when you die, you gray. So who the hell you callin' colored?" I need to find someone to go to chuch with... come on, people. Melissa, the only "Happy Songs" of yours that I know are the covers. Ha ha, I find that slightly humorous. God bless

 "Mmm, forbidden donut..." We need to think of something awesome to do to make these last few days fantastic. In a year we'll all be gone. Let the countdown begin... God bless

 "I'm going home to ogle the ladies in the Victoria's Secret catalog." I'm changing my blog address. From now on, go urlLink here . God bless

 "Badger my ass; it's probably just Milhouse." I am DOOOOONE with construction!!!! I can now officially start summer! Wait a minute- there's only 9 days left... Well, son of a.... God bless

 "Do we have french fries?" I'm here at Melissa's right now. It's kinda boring, but I think that's because I'm not putting very much effort into having fun. I'm just very lethargic and apathetic today. I got my nether regions fondled by a man today. No joking. It didn't hurt, so much as was unfamiliar and rather disconcerting. "When life gets you down Shoot a clown. It'll turn that frown Around. And your mom looks like a bloodhound." I have very weird moods. I saw Simon today at the always interesting Left-Handed Monkey. That was the highlight of my day. Really, he's a cool guy, and very interesting and funny. I got nothing else. God bless

 "From now on when people get wood, they'll think of Trojans." Cross-country practice at 7:30 this morning. Dang. I saw some Bearkadettes on their way there, as we were running away from the school. Didn't recognize any of them. Man, I'm gonna have a lotta name-learning to do this year, what with all the younger BKs, and the freshmen in CC (boys and girls). I went to Galveston yesterday. It was alright. And it figures I would leave on the day people actually call me to go hang out or something. But hey, not many people I know can say they made it to Galveston in 36 minutes. I certainly did. Legally, too. God, I wanna live at the house I saw there. So tranquil; separated from everyone, and so nice and summery. And very spacious. Work is gonna suck today- Matt won't be there. Today has a "meh" outlook. CC was good, work will suck, I will probably have to work on the house, and my social scene is dwindling to zero. Wait, so that's not a "meh" day. In my book, that's a good day. As I have nothing to go for, the CC is what makes my life what it is. What have I become? SCHOOL, START ALREADY !!! COME ON! God bless

 "Yeah, Hamlet was not only a good play, but they turned it into a great movie: Ghostbusters ." OK, I was at the beach last week. It was not nearly as good as I had hoped. Sure, there was some fun, but not tanfastic like usual. A lot more golf than expected. And I don't even play golf... There was this one chick I met whom I thought was older, but she turned out to be 13. Honestly, she looked older! There was also this 15 year old girl who became completely enamored with me. That was interesting... Got my class rank. I'm number 118 out of 859. Top 13.2%. Oh yay. It's just a number, after all, and though it goes on college applications, it's truly not important. I coulda been higher, had I actually cared. I have sooo much potential, yet it goes unfulfilled. I can watch Jeopardy! and correctly answer about 2/3 of the questions. It's just that I never truly tried. I never went for much extra credit or took the time to study or stuff. I did it on my own, and this is where it got me. rageatari86: why are you so low? that runnerguy86: i always settled; never strove With so many smart friends, I have to cope with the fact that they are all kicking my butt and will continue to do so. And that is all for one reason: They have drive. They have the will to succeed, and are going to do everything in their power to be the best that they can. Me, I'll just continue to slip further and further into mediocrity. CONGRATULATIONS TO EVERYONE WHO IS COMPLETELY WHOOPING UP IN THIS WHOLE RANK BUSINESS!!! YOU DESERVE IT EVERY BIT!!! Well, I come home tomorrow, so I'd like to hang out or something. That'd be grand. However, I won't be able to drive until Tuesday, so I'll need a ride wherever I may go. I decided in church today that I am not gonna get a letter jacket. I just don't need one. I have a perfectly working piece of overwear that keeps me warm, and I don't wanna waste a buncha money on a piece of leather that's more pride than practicality. Pam's gonna learn golf from me. I hope. I got nothing else. If you want details on anything, ask me yourself. Peace out, and eat as much cheese as you can hold. God bless

 "Can't get enough of that Sugar Crisp!" "Homer, did you remember to put the fog lights in?" "Guess I forgot to put the fog lights in!" Homecoming? Who ever said anything about Homecoming? I didn't even know our school HAD one of those. Something really crazy about the tires I blew out on Saturday night: They lasted exactly 5 years. To the day. They were purchased and attached on September 27, 1998, and were subsequently blown out on September 27, 2003. That's really pretty crazy. Talk about God and His master plan... I'm kinda tired. I think I'll go sleep soon. With your MOM!!! God bless

 "I'm Billy Corgan, Smashing Pumpkins." "I'm Homer Simpson, smiling politely." Hey hey to all you folks out there in Internet land!!! You're the best crowd ever!! It wouldn't be possible without you!!! Well, so much for my concert introduction... The highlight of my weekend (right after Chris Poppe's birthday party) was my incident in the car last night. I was driving, see, and then there was this thing in the road, so I swerved to avoid it. Next thing I know, I have two flat tires, and this little black boy is on the ground and my windshield is cracked and there's blood and stuff everywhere. Greg Kelly was with me, and he goes, "Holy snap! You just killed that little kid!" Well I got out of the car, and I looked at the kid, and I had Greg put him in my backseat. So I drove home on two flat left tires, and my rims are squealing cuz they're bending, and all I can think about is how much trouble I'm in. So Greg and I tie cinder blocks to the boy's arms and dump his body in the creek at the end of my street. Snap, I really hope I don't get caught. My dad wasn't too mad about the tires, cuz he'd done the same thing when he was younger, and so had the guy at the tire shop this morning. So for now I think everything's ok... College stuff takes up too much time and effort. Maybe it'll be easier once I'm actually in there. Alfie has this cool college/car correlation on his blog, and I'll put that in here next chance I get, just not right now. The weather this weekend... OH MY GOD, absolutely perfect. Today was just the dang best weather ever in the history of all last week. I cherish it, cuz I know it won't last long... "And I dooo Cherish youuuu I wanna spend the rest of my life With you by my side..." I was joshing with oyu guys about killing the kid. I did really blow out two tires, but that turned out ok, and only 6 people died. Oh, and the football game on Friday rocked like crazy, even though we lost to the team that beat the defending state champions. And the Saints are getting their butts handed to them in bags by the Indianapolis Colts right now. Dang. Have a good Monday tomorrow. God bless

 "And the Employee of the Week Award goes to... this bicarbonate rod!" Snap, it has been TOO long isnce I've last been here. These halls are unfamiliar to me... Well, my weekend with Dave was awesome. Although no real heart-to-heart conversations this time, there was pizza, baked potato soup, Valerie, "out of control" sign language, um... gas..., Titanic, Out Cold, quick Jenn, and lots of complaining by both of us. So, actually I would say I had a really crappy time. Dave, you know I'm just busting on you. Last weekend rocked. :-) And yeah, Dashboard was ok, too. Homecoming... sheezy. If there was any word in my vocabulary that could cause me more stress, it would probably be "stress." But HC is real close to that. It's just not coming together like I figured it would. Oh well- God has His plan for me, and if I go stag then it's your loss, ladies. I just don't wanna let people down... onehopelessdream: man u know what sucks? that runnerguy86: vacuums I think I need a shower, since I have not had one since Thursday. And in between I had school, a cross country race, an energetic football game, cross country practice (Speedball, yes!), a "gay rage sale" in the sun, and a long talk at Sonic. So, I think I'm ready for some cleansing, if you know what I mean. God bless

 "...and you smell like an elephant's butt!" Well. School is alright. Friends are good. Running is... meh. Girls are....... nonexistent it seems. They just don't want me that way. Maybe a little "medicine" in their drink at a party might change their minds. Ha ha, joshing! Anyway, I am going to take a trip up to A&M this weekend to visit the one and only David Gallander, who for the longest time I thought his last name was "Gallagher." Gosh-diddley-dang, it's gonna be a lot of fun. I am seriously looking forward to this more than everything. Everything except ... DASHBOARD CONCERT TOMORROW NIGHT!!!! But Dave is a close second. So close, it's a photo finish. ....... Life is so different from what I imagined it would be right now. I wanna say something profound, but I don't know how, and usually I reserve that for my other blog, which I am about to go update. God bless

 "Limited warranty! How can I lose?" Yesterday our retarded dog escaped and bolted down the street. My mom went after it with treats and a leash, and by the time she was anywhere close, both of them were far down the block. So I got in the car and pursued, as the stupid dog likes to "go for a ride" whenever she can. Well, my mom was striding towards the dog and I pull up next to her and I roll down my window and say, "Hey, pretty lady. How much?" I found that rather comical. Speaking of dogs and treats, today at work I found a treat my mom had left in the car, and I set it on my co-worker Matt's desk. I had told him I had a treat for him, and he was like, "Ok!" So he goes upstairs to his desk and sees it, and questions the integrity of it as a snack. I tell him it's called a "Scooby Snack" which is people food baked like dog treats for fun. So Matt scarfs the thing down, and as I start laughing, he goes, "Man, this sure tastes like a dog treat!" Dang, he's good. Haha, so he figured it out and just about barfed it all up into the trash can by my desk. Yet another respite from the monotony and trite paces of my life. :) Senior year is pretty cool I guess. So is Crystal, but we try and keep that on the DL. Don't want her to attract TOO much attention now, do we? God bless

 "Ha ha! Old Painty-Can Ned!" I want you to know that you missed out. You had your chance. No, make that chances . But now it's past, and I will be moving on. When Casey, Balls and I went to the park this evening, we had no idea we'd be in for such a treat. Not only were there nutria as we had hoped, but there were lots of them, and of different sizes, too! There were little ones, medium ones, and big ones. Julie thought they were hot. Actually, she was grossed out beyond all recovery and swears she will have nightmares about their little clammy feet scurrying over her body. That's darn invigorating if you ask me! I saw Joe tonight. That made me very happy. Sorry I had to leave so early guys, but I was being rude crude and socially unacceptable, plus there is a really hard and crappy race I have to run tomorrow morning. Please forgive me for putting work before pleasure. Speaking of work, stop by and see my new den sometime- it's done! Now all we have ot do is pick out new furniture for it. But until then, the same furniture will be in there, and I will have to wait indefinitely until I can move the love seat into my room. Tha's gonna be so cool- like a couch in my room! AND I have a hammock outside! Furniture rocks like a bag of pebbles! I'm going to sleep. See you guys sometime. Jill, if you read this, give me a call. God bless

 "I've got a red robin suit It comes one breast or two See my vest See my vest See my veeeest!" Per Emily's request, I will make this blog better. But keep in mind, behind this jovial exterior is a state of being that is festering within itself. Today was funny as I opened my locker first thing this morning. The cheerleader who had a locker below me didn't notice my presence, as she was bending down attending to her backpack, and her head was a good 2 feet from my locker. Well, I encircle her and open mine, just as she decides to lean forward and I hit her square on the forehead with my locker door. I was happy, because cheerleaders are crack whores. Also, my government teacher looks like Mrs. Puff, the Drivers' Ed instructor from Spongebob Squarepants . Yesterday as she was helping out Russell Chabaud with a question, I call out to her to get her attention, saying, "Mrs. Puff!" in a loud enoough voice for her to hear. I did this unintentionally, and luckily she didn't hear me, though Alison and Melissa and a few others did and they had a pretty good laugh at my insubordination. Man, I am so glad tomorrow is a Friday. Not like I really have anything to look forward to. This weekend is gonna suck big time: Early to bed Friday night, in preparation for... Cross country race at the Woodlands, with slop and ants and sooo much pain and unnecessary suffering. At least Pam will be there. :-) First football game Saturday night. Oh, joy. Sunday, church is good, but probably crap homework the rest of the time. I wish I could speed up time until next weekend. But if I kept doing that, I'd miss out on senior year, a.k.a. the... best time of my life... You guys have a fantastic day, and rock hard. Like a dense boulder. God bless

 "Dog for sale! Dog for sale!" "How much for the dog?" "Oh, he's not for sale." I don't know what's happening. It's all so... skewed, and I don't know why. I just... I just don't know what is going on. Everything is out of perspective. Like a Picasso painting, but worse. I am going crazy. For no reason at all, I am going insane. And it's always too much to hope for. Every time. Why is it EVERY time??? God bless

 "You idiot! That's the Kiss of Death!" Song of the Day absolutely needs to be Konstantine, but to spite myself, I won't let it be that. Instead it'll be "Scarcely Deep Enough" by yours truly. "Playful smile on her lips It's them I want to kiss Feeling: indescribable Toussle of her hair I can't help but stare It's so... undeniable Can't ever have her So why do I bother? Trying but failing Confidence ailing Always unsure Teasing me with those eyes Extraordinary; sharp and bright Hence my hesitation Her voice is of a goddess Superior yet modest I lose concentration Can't ever have her So why do I bother? Trying but failing Confidence ailing Always unsure Graceful as can be, her walk Here she comes, to me to talk This game is like a dance She asks me how I'm feeling Can't respond, my senses reeling Just blew my one and only chance Can't ever have her So why do I bother? Trying but failing Confidence ailing Always unsure " I ran well at the cross-country meet today. The race of my life. But perhaps it was too well. Because now we get to go to regionals (by four points). And so now I will miss the Bicarbonate game, and perhaps some Bicarbonate activities on Staurday. Augh. But when I look back, I'll love regionals. It's a once in a lifetime thing for me. Whatever, I'm tired, I can't think straight right now. Time to open B-day presents. God bless

 "Look out, Lisa! A skeleton!" My life right now isn't going as well as I want it to, but it's not going too badly, either. I guess I'm not complaining. It's just that everything feels so... blahhh right now. Good times are cancelled out by bad, and vice versa and it all just amounts to a lot of zero. Zero bread... I'm just in an undefined state of existence, balanced on the pinpoint of mediocrity, poised to fall in any direction. Man, Melissa, I could bold a lot of those things, too! But not the girl ones, like the side ponytail or shirt scrunchies. But Doogie Howser was hot, I'll grant you that. P.S. - Not really If you haven't figured it out by now, but you still don't wanna know, don't read the next line. It's me. Tomorrow is my sister's birthday. She'll be 14. Dear God, what has this world comes to when Small is growing up? I think I want to cry... Pretty soon I'll be answering the phone like so: "You lay one filthy paw on my sister and I'll rip your arm off and feed it to you!! Then I'll gouge out your eyes and shove them up your butt, so you can watch me kick the crap outta you!!!... Oh; hi, Grandma!" As I was sleeping in government today, I was jolted awake by a shock in my dream. To narrate: I was driving down Kleingreen St on the way to school. For some reason, I was twirling a roll of masking tape around on one finger, and not looking at the road. Then I looked at the road. All of a sudden this hugh concrete pillar appears out of nowhere and I yell, "No!" as I crash into it. That's when I woke up. But apparently, those in the immediate vicinity heard me yell the no and saw me jolt in my seat, much to their amusement. Tomorrow is also Cross-Country districts. I'm pumped; this could be my last CC race ever. It's pizza time. For some reason, I eat pizza at least 7 times a week, be it for lunch dinner, or breakfast. Fun. Sorry my blogs suck. Thanks, Dave for calling! I'll ring you back after 9:00 (if I'm awake) when my minutes are free! Ha ha, you roll, man. And rock too. God bless

 "Shouldn't you people be groveling?" Today was ok. I rather enjoyed the fine weather. But then again, I always do. :-) Things coulda gone better, but at least I'm no wuss. I've begun writing songs again. Good or bad thing? I dunno... I had a great night when the cross-country team went to Fazoli's for a team dinner thing. Greg Kelly making fun of the manager guy by imitating his accent right on front of the dude's face, then doing a complicated high-five thing with him... oh boy, fun times. The guy was trying so hard not to look like a nerd and so he acted like he knew what he was doing. Then the hackey sack in the parking lot grassy area afterwards. I was the champion, of course. However, my new letter jacket had a hand in that, so it won't go unrecognized. Holler, Letter Jacket! Holler back, Sean! Ha ha, yeah, that's my man! Well after that episode, I realized how much I am going to miss high school. Despite all the crap, how much I get let down, how much I let down others, and all the extra trappings that make it stupid, there are certainly fun times mixed in. Where I can just let go my inhibitions and have a good time regardless of anything. All outside worries and tribulations fall away when I'm with those guys, doing what I love. And that team camaraderie, too. I love that more than anything. Klein Boys' CC, you guys rock! Balls to the wall at districts, baby! No song of the day today. I need to study government, I'm not in the mood, I'm too lazy, I don't have one... just pick an excuse out of the pile. God bless

 "Well... she'll need socks! I'll get socks" Melissa, you rock my world. What else can I say? "She wants me." "She wants you." "I have a dream..." and last but certainly not least, "Who wants all that extra skin flapping around their gums?" Ha ha ha!!! "I'm sure when I try it, I'll enjoy my meal." Bring it On was on television last night. Most unrealistic movie ever . Good-looking fifth-year senior hooks up with weird-looking but kinda hot and ehthical (what? cheerleaders never have this characteristic) captain of the cheer team that is not only really "good" but has a "cheerocracy?" What the hellll? Weird-ass movie if you ask me. Not to mention, What Women Want aired as well. Totally possible . I can see that whole situation happening to me. Song of the Day is "One Year, Six Months" by Yellowcard. I really like this song, as well as the CD it came on. Thanks again, Spamela. "Sew this up with threads of reason and regret So I will not forget. I will not forget How this felt one year six months ago I know I cannot forget. I cannot forget I'm falling into memories of you and things we used to do Follow me there A beautiful somewhere A place that I can share with you I can tell that you don't know me anymore It's easy to forget, sometimes we just forget And being on this road is anything but sure Maybe we'll forget, I hope we don't forget I'm falling into memories of you and things we used to do Follow me there A beautiful somewhere A place that I can share with you So many nights, legs tangled tight Wrap me up in a dream with you Close up these eyes, try not to cry All that I've got to pull me through is memories of you Memories of you Memories of you Memories of you I'm falling into memories of you and things we used to do Follow me there A beautiful somewhere A place that we can share Falling into memories of you and things we used to do " You're welcome for borrowing my jacket. I bet it looked better on you than on me. Hey, that could go in a song. I dig it, I'm feeling it... Today's weather was awesome, thanks to that one chick and her predictions. I hope tomorrow's rocks as well. Heck, while we're at it, let's have clear skies and cool breeze all the way until December. Who knows? It could happen. It snowed in Florida in the movie Ernest Saves Christmas , so anything is possible. Gotta head out now. God bless

 "Mmm, forbidden donut..." icy fingas: a&m is pretty bad that runnerguy86: how so? icy fingas: agriculture stinks that runnerguy86: i'm not in it for ag that runnerguy86: i'm in it for chicks Today was a roller coaster of emotional proportions. And that sounds really gay, so I'll change the subject. I'm looking forward to this "college" thing. A lot. Especially if I go to A&M and see that one guy that I occasionally hang out with who goes there... I can't think of his name right now... Man, this is gonna bug me forever! I'll not go to sleep until I figure it out. But yeah, and then Kyle might go there too, and we can room together with Andrew Burger if he wants to join, and Kelly too and... Sam... but who cares if Sam goes or not? But yeah, there's other folks who may wanna go as well, but I'd miss everyone who goes elsewhere. Melissa and Casey, if y'all go to Tulane, that just may lean my decision over that way some more, so... yeah. I forgot what I was gonna say. I like having friends. They're pretty tight most of the time. And it's awesome when they unexpectedly show up to brighten your day. I really liked it when I saw Katie after church today. It made me smile, cuz she's cool and she always makes me happy. It's gotta be that red hair thing, you know? It's just an uncommon thing to have hair that is not aquamarine in hue. Song of the Day is perhaps the best song of all time. I think I may have used it a few weeks ago, but I don't care. It lifted me up today, and made me feel happy again. I don't know who wrote it, but with a song like this, it cannot be contained by a name. And here we go: "Amazing Grace How sweet the sound That saved a wretch like me I once was lost but now am found Was blind, but now I see T'was Grace that taught My heart to fear And Grace, my fears relieved How precious did that Grace appear The hour I first believed Through many dangers, Toils and snares We have already come T'was Grace that brought us safe thus far And Grace will lead us home The Lord has promised Good to me His word my hope secures He will my shield and portion be As long as life endures When we've been here Ten thousand years Bright shining as the sun We've no less days to sing God's praise Then when we'd first begun Amazing Grace How sweet the sound That saved a wretch like me I once was lost but now am found Was blind, but now I see" Kati says tomorrow should be pretty. I hope she's right. I want a good week this week. I should shut up, cuz I'm doing that rambling thing again... But hell; my blog is called "turquoise ramblings" so I can ramble if I want. I just want this week to be a good week. It would be absolutely fantastic, you know? I dunno... I'm definitely in need of some extended periods of happiness right now. No more of this fleeting joy and perpetual sorrow. I want it to be good this week, you hear me?! Yahooooo Thanks Matt for posting in my forum. I encourage you all to do the same. David! His name is David! Now I remember... Ha ha, I'll see you at A&m, good buddy. God bless

 "Lies make Baby Jesus cry." Thanks Melissa and Erin for being cool enough to write in my forum. That rocked a lot. Even more than Granny's rocking chair, which was rocked quite often... But if anyone else wants to try and be as cool as those two, post in my forum at the top of this page. Just click on the link, and you're in. PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT: Don't forget to set your clocks back an hour. Remember, spring forward, fall down. "Kitty got a hole... kitty got a hole back there..." Man, Casey, classic. Just classic. More college junk tomorrow, then our strange, Baptist-type church service. I still need to get used to it. That or go back to Saturday 5:00 mass, where it's normal, and, well... Catholic. Song of the Day is "View from Heaven" by Yellowcard. I really like it (stop being right, Pam! Ha ha) and I have listened to it a lot in the past few days. For some reason, I always seem to gravitate towards the songs where people die... I guess I'm just naturally morbid. Anyways: "I'm just so tired Wont you sing me to sleep And fly through my dreams So I can hitch a ride with you tonight? And get away from this place Have a new name and face I just ain't the same without you in my life Late night drives All alone in my car I can't help but start Singing lines from all our favorite songs And melodies in the air Singin' life just aint fair Sometimes I still just can't believe you're gone And I'm sure the view from heaven Beats the hell out of mine here And if we all believe in heaven Maybe we'll make it through one more year Down here I feel your fire When its cold in my heart And things sorta start Remindin' me of my last night with you I only need one more day Just one more chance to say I wish that I had gone up with you too And I'm sure the view from heaven Beats the hell out of mine here And if we all believe in heaven Maybe we'll make it through one more year Down here You wont be comin' back And I didn't get to say goodbye I really wish I got to say goodbye And I'm sure the view from heaven Beats the hell out of mine here And if we all believe in heaven Maybe we'll make it through one more year I hope that all is well in heaven Cuz its all shot to hell down here I hope that I find you in heaven Cuz I'm so Lost without you down here You wont be coming back And I didn't get to say goodbye I really wish I got to say goodbye" It's fun keeping drunk people from jumping in the pool and drowning themselves. Crazy teenagers and their alcohol... Emily, I'd like to apologize. My last few blogs haven't been up to par lately, and for that I'm sorry. I'll try and make my next few better, if I could only remember what made them good in the first place. Congratulations, Florida Marlins. You beat the best dynasty team ever in baseball and for that you get kudos. The Yankees are still better, though. This year was only a fluke. Man, I have nothing to say right now. I'm just... blahhh. So I'm giving up. Turning in. I hate it, cuz I never win. God bless

 "Aaaargh! Breathe through your damn mouth!" I ran a 4:57 mile this morning. I'm satisfied. First time breaking five, baby. But I'm telling you, it won't be the last. With the recent success in my life (breaking 5:00, SAT, A&M) I realized that the future is where it's at. The past holds nothing for me, and I should look ahead to good things to come. God has planned out a life for me that He sees fit. And I know in my heart that He will go to any lengths to make sure I have a good run while I'm here on earth. What has happened in the past is over. It's done with. Everything has been atoned for, and now I can anticipate what is to come. I can learn lessons from my history, but that is all. I am free of it, and it will no longer restrain me. Look out, world, here I come. Today is Saturday. I am allowed to leave my house for extended periods of time on Saturday nights. So gimme a call, and maybe I can spend that extended period of time with you. God bless

 "Come on, Neddy, make it go faster!" "I can't! This is a Geo!" Been an ok week. Stayed up all night doing stat project last night. Thanks Maria for the transparencies; couldn't have done it without you. And thanks Pam for bringing them over- I know it was out of your way and stuff, and I apologize for anything and everything. Feel better soon. I played hearts tonight and kicked everyone's butt, as usual. Didn't I? Homestar Runner rocks my socks. Teen Girl Squad! "Arrowed!!!" "MSG'd!!!" Today I ventured on over to the collegeboard.com website to check out my SAT scores from two weeks ago (remember? when I had that awesome weekend?) and it turns out I did all right on the test. Not great, but ok. Just a 1470. I guess it could have been better, had I actually done any sort of preparation for the test. Song of the Day is "Uptown Girl" by Billy Joel. However, I do enjoy the MXPX version as well. I guess it's kinda me right now, but then again, maybe not. Whatever, just keep on reading... "Uptown girl She's been living in her uptown world I bet she's never had a backstreet guy I bet her momma never told her why I'm gonna try for an uptown girl She's been living in her white bread world As long as anyone ith hot blood can And now she's looking for a downtown man That's what I am And when she knows what She wants from her time And when she wakes up And makes up her mind She'll see I'm not so tough Just because I'm in love with an uptown girl You know I've seen her in her uptown world She's getting tired of her high class toys And all her presents from her uptown biys She's got a choice Uptown girl You know I can't afford to but her pearls But maybe someday when my ship comes in She'll understand what kind of guy I've been And then I'll win And when she's walking She's looking so fine And when she's talking She'll say that she's mine She'll say I'm not so tough Just because I'm in love With an uptown girl She's been living in her white bread world As long as anyone with hot blood can And now she's looking for a downtown man That's what I am Uptown girl She's my uptown girl You know I'm in love With an uptown girl " I am a good kid. I am a good kid. I am a good kid. The past has no bearing on me. I am free. One-mile time trial tomorrow (technically today) at 8 a.m., so I think I shall wrap this up like shredded beef in a tortilla. I'm hoping to break 5 minutes this time. Heck, I know I'll break 5 minutes. But wish me luck anyways. :-) God bless

 "Up and at them!" Oh My God. Today was awesome. I just can't keep it in how fantastically great it was. And for you to share my joy, I will recount what made it special. And also, for times that I feel like things suck, I'll look back and remember... I woke up today. God granted me that. :-) Our missing fish was accounted for in Aqua Sci. We had fun in Stat rushing to draw our scatterplots. I get to cook three whole meals for my family before November 3rd. I got my Stat "data" gathered. "She wants me." "She wants you." I aced my government quiz and got an 84 for the 6 weeks so far! I got my letter jacket. 4 years in the making, baby! We had an easy run in CC today. I didn't have to go to the gulag! I mean, go to "work"... I got to talk to Mrs. Reed for a while in the nice weather outside her front porch. I got a rocking Yellowcard and SoCo CD for my birthday present from Pamela. Melissa has MSN Messenger at work. The weather was awesome. I got my Think Five completed. I got in a pretty good weight workout while my dad was checking his email for the half-hour that was only supposed to be 5 minutes. I got accepted to some college called Texas A&M, though I've never heard of the place. I ate three pounds of an amazing dinner consisting of salmon, corn, spinach, bowties, and rice. Simply awesome. I am getting my Tulane application done tonight. And to top it all off, in half an hour I shall get ice cream with Spamela the Wrestler, at COLD STONE CREAMERY . Thank you, GOD for all of this wonderful day and all of my wonderful friends and everything You've blessed me with! You rock like a boulder. The only thing that would have made this day unbeatable would be if whatserface wanted to go out with me. I can't even remember her name right now... How funny. x ocYrus x: no dont get me wrong i like boobies Dave, I hope you have an awesome time canoeing, and you and Ashley hook up or whatever it is you're destined to do! Ha ha, rock on, my friend. God bless

 "Whacking Day! It's the greatest day of the year!" This week could either turn out very well, or very poorly indeed. Or it could just be mediocre, like all of my other weeks... Nahhhh; this week's gonna be different. I went back and read some of my older posts in my blog. It's fun to see how much has changed and how much has stayed the same, even over the course of the last week. I have more hope now, yet at the same time I am being drug down by a friend who is no longer a friend who is hurting my friend that is still a friend. *Phew!* That was a mouthful. One day I vow to kiss the Blarney Stone. Floppy disks aren't even floppy anymore. I just felt the desire to come up with some quotes again so here we go: "When you trip and fall, hope to goodness you don't need resuscitation." "Friends are like chocolate: They're really good, but too much can make you fat." "When you gain wisdom, it's like discovering your fly has been unzipped your whole life thus far." "Love is one of those things that no amount of studying can prepare you for." "If a tornado comes at you, try not to get sucked into it." "When the world comes to an end You'll always have your friends." "Don't feed the animals." "College is just another adventure in which you forget to pack enough underwear." "I am wasting your time by making you read these silly quotes." Time to head out to school. Again. Like every day of my life. But hey, you'll be there, and I'm never sad when I see you . (And by that I mean every single one of my subservients- I mean readers.) God bless

 "Shoe goes on, shoe goes off. Shoe goes on, shoe goes off. Shoe goes on, shoe goes off..." Now it's really neat because I can blog in "real-time, " as things actually happen to me. I'm only saying that because I woke up at 6:30 for that Navy thing and it turns out we have much longer until we have to leave for it. I love when the communication bonds between parents and kids are strong. AGAIN in my internet english class the topic for discussion is sex. My tecaher must be nympho or something, I swear. Here are some fun quotes from the paper I'm reading right now that I must subsequently make comments on: "...but then I had to go back to the reality that sex drive is very powerful, especially among adolescents. Teenagers have been having sex since cave man days." "Many people may disagree with me, but I believe children should be taught that masturbation is normal and healthy. " "In the end, children should be made to feel more comfortable going to Mom or Dad than to a pornographic magazine or the streets for answers. " "Virginity should be looked upon as 'cool,' and it should become politically correct." Maybe college-level work is meant for college students. I seem to be traumatized and scarred for life. Maybe the same would happen if I had seen "Texas Chainsaw Massacre." Everybody and their mother went to see it last night, and I heard it was pretty gruesome. Yikes. Well, I saw "Old School" (finally!) and I loved it. Nee-lo from the block plays good movies. I need to work on my english before we leave. Peace out, suckas. God bless

 "And whenever I see the red, white, and blue, I will be reminded of the great American word: flag." Had to take the car in to NTB today. I think the guy behind the counter thought I was a moron cuz I just went there 2 weeks ago for the blowout. I saw Emily working the street corner this afternoon like a common... well, let's just say it wasn't the caliber performance that I'm used to seeing from her. I'm a football player tonight! :-) Song of the Day today has to be "As Lovers Go" by Dashboard Confessional. I listened to it in the car today, and I just happen to like it a lot. 'Nuff said. "She said 'I've gotta be honest, You're wasting your time if you're fishing round here.' And I said "You must be mistaken, Cause I'm not fooling, this feeling is real.' She said 'You gotta be crazy, What do you take me for? Some kind of easy mark?' 'No, you've got wits, you've got looks, you've got passion, But I swear that you've got me all wrong.' All wrong... All wrong... But you got me I'll be true, I'll be useful, I'll be cavalier I'll be yours my dear And I'll belong to you If you'll just let me through This is easy as lovers go, So don't complicate it By hesitating. And this is wonderful as loving goes, This is tailor-made, What's the sense in waiting? And I said 'I've gotta be honest I've been waiting for you all my life.' For so long I thought I was asylum bound, But just seeing you makes me think twice. And being with you here Makes me sane, I fear I'll go crazy if you leave my side. You've got wits, you've got looks, you've got passion But are you brave enough to leave with me tonight? Tonight... Tonight... But you've got me I'll be true, I'll be useful I'll be cavalier I'll be yours my dear And I'll belong to you If you'll just let me through This is easy as lovers go, So don't complicate it By hesitating. And this is wonderful as loving goes, This is tailor-made, What's the sense in waiting? " I've had at least three offers to go see "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" tonight. Thanks, but no thanks. I got a party to attend. Word to your mother. There's really nothing I have to talk about or discuss right now, and I am getting tired of just listing happenings in my day. But one more thing: Tomorrow I have to go to some gay Naval Reserve function ALL DAY. We have to awaken at 6:30 and we shall not return until at least 5. The whole while I have to sit/ stand and fake interest in people's tales of their Naval Academy and Merchant Marine Academy days. And then pretend like I still actually want to go to the Naval Academy, and hang out with weirdo people's kids. Uggggghhh. I can't wait to stay up late doing homework tomorrow!!! I'm out for now, you guys. Gimme a ring on the cellular if you feel the need. The need for speed. No, that does not mean I will hook you up with performance-enhancing drugs. God bless

 "What happened to you, China? You used to be cool!" "China still cool! You pay later!" Today turned out a lot better than yesterday. And I can't write about yesterday cuz Kelly Greg says he'll punch me if I write another depressing blog. Ha ha, so I'll keep the sadness to a minimum. And Greg and I had a good convo today on our run about girls, running, and football (the greatest sport in the world). Lots and lots of football talk. I enjoyed that. His dad used to be best friends with the guy that now coaches A&M. Tiiiight. We make quiche tomorrow in Food Science & Nutrition. I need to remember to bring my Tabasco sauce for when we eat it on Friday. The weather rocks like a boulder. Statistics test: I owned you. Like I used to own Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle action figures. Which I actually still have in a closet in the guest room... Thanks, Pam, for helping me study *cough*onetreehill*cough* enough so that I can do well. I had a good Song of the Day, and it pertained to my good feelings of rejuvenation this afternoon, but I forgot it. So I'll do this tight song instead: "Arg wu Sentafinticate nar dunderford Bida Menti, kosticated interserd Thorphilliate Stinded yilla billa zay Wentora yate Paravillintiniay Paravillintiniay Dorga orpha dorga billa Dorga orpha stifaleare Dorga orpha dorga billa Tonalation fonamere Stop talking gibberish Or just stop talking Stop talking gibberish Or just stop talking Stop talking gibberish Or just stop talking Stop talking gibberish Or just stop talking now If I had one wish Well I don't know what I'd wish for But if I had A million zillion wishes I'd use one to let you know that gibberish is Not a nice way to talk to all your Mork swax Ippen reeby yufftabar Higged quillip Ernigrade du wellinshar Lirp crawn Xyfa gourk jawinstabray Venaldo urp Paravillintiniay Paravillintiniay Stop talking gibberish Or just stop talking Stop talking gibberish Or just stop talking Stop talking gibberish Or just stop talking Stop talking gibberish Or just stop talking now If I had one wish Well I don't know what I'd wish for but if I had a million zillion wishes I'd use one to let you know that gibberish is Not a nice way to talk to all your friends " That song would be "Gibberish" by Relient K. 'Tis a fun tune; thank you Kyle for introducing me to it. I brought pictures to school that I had taken of a snake eating a lizard in our backyard. It was amazing. The chicks were creeped out. Is that a god thing? I like how I had my whole government class immersed in looking at the pics instead of taking overhead notes. :-) Sorry, I just can't get over how great the weather was today. I went for a bike ride this evening. Just a casual little cruise around the neighborhood to enjoy the fine atmospheric conditions. Gosh, it was awesome. So therapeutic; relaxing and just freaking amazing. This is what I've started not to be like anymore: "Cause I think way too much On a one track mind And you're so out of touch Cause I'm so far behind I can't deny this anymore, The facts ignored all done before And if there's one in this world, You let me know you're not that girl" Thanks, Laura, O Wise Teller of Fortunes... All I can say is that broccoli cheese soup ROCKS my face off. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have Homecoming (Bicarbonate... think about it!) shirts to draw up. The idea we picked for our group was MY idea! I feel so special. But yes, it's off to the Microsoft Paint easel. Rock on, constituents. God bless

 "This is even more painful than it looks." I've figured out why nothing ever makes sense to me. It's because I'm stupid. About girls, school, friends, college, church and LIFE in general. Everything . I hate it so much, but that's how I am. I wonder why I never noticed it before? It's just so blatant to me now and... and I don't know what to do about it. I guess that's just my crappy luck. As usual. When you're stupid, you're dumb but you know the difference. When you're ignorant, you're dumb but you wouldn't know otherwise. With ignorance comes bliss, and I sure as hell ain't blissful. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I wonder how others view me. I'm guessing a scrawny-ass punk loser who thinks he's so cool when in actuality he's the most jackass idiot person of all time. Yeah, that seems about right. Glad I finally took the time to look in a mirror. I got that old feeling again today. No, not the one mentioned in a recent blog, but one that was discussed back in the day. I'd say during the time that artists call their "blue period." The slitting did not occur, however (and make sure you do it right! Slit lengthwise down your wrists, not crossways, cuz the veins' and arteries' natural defense is to close up and stop blood flow if you do it crossways) I did strongly feel the urge to drive head-on into a large concrete pillar. Gotta love the thrill of it. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ What else I love is how now everyone thinks I'm even weirder than before. To all of you out there that think I'm weird, stupid, annoying, unnerving, etc., I apologize. Not like I give a flying frick what you think anyway. Today was definitely different. And such promise this morning... Song of the Day will be "Carry This Picture for Luck" by Dashboard Confessional. I want it so badly to be "As Lovers Go" but that could be misinterpreted at this time, so I won't put that one on here. Anyway, here it is: "Carry this picture for luck Kept in a locket Tucked in your collar Close to your chest Make it a secret Shown to the closest friends. And meet me at quarter to 7 The sun will still shine then At this time of year We'll head to the inlet And we'll share a bottle there And color the coast With your smile It's the most Genuine thing That I've ever seen I was so lost But now I believe And follow me south of the big docks They tether the boats That rich men revere It's so important They hire our fathers to steer And down to the edge of the water Where we'll spill our guts And we'll name our fears I'll give you this picture Keep it and Don't Be Scared And color the coast With your smile It's the most Genuine thing That I've ever seen I was so lost But now I believe And the coast Your smile is the most Genuine thing That I've ever seen I was so lost But now I believe And I believe Now I believe Now I believe" Wanna know something cool? This mostly pertains to Melissa, but one of the days this week, "Konstantine" will be the SoD. All 9.5 minutes of it. I'm going to bed. There's nothing ever worth staying awake for anyways. Screw off, jerks. God bless

 "I love you, Papa Homer." "I love you, too, Pepsi." "Pepe." "Yes; Pepe." In lieu of a crappy end to a great weekend, and a potentially crummy week, I've decided to make a list of some things that cheer me up. Read it or not, this is mostly for my encouragement in times of... well, in times of not-goodness. Snowflakes on noses, and whiskers on kittens Bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens Brown paper packages tied up with string... Swiping the extra chocolate off of the top of the Hershey's bottle Chinese food A good run Meeting new girls My fish, little balls Making money Not having to work Amazing friends Reading the funnies Making new friends Ice cream Getting cool shirts Summer Fall weather Christmas Break The feeling you get crossing the finish line in a race Winning the mile Naps (*Sigh* how I miss thee...) Sunshine The beach Driving Making out (I need more of this one; it's been too long!) Lifting weights My six-pack Getting a Monday off Popcorn Singing a very moving rendition of "Amazing Grace" in church Getting a new CD The feeling I get when I help others :-) And last but not least: you. Yes, you make me happy. And I thank you so very dang much for that. God bless

 "Bart, don't use the Touch of Death on your sister!" Again, an interesting night last night. Friday was cool, too. I had a blast at the game. But back to yesterday. I started off the evening by going to Haunted Trails with a bunch of losers, even one who couldn't even walk. I mean, what is with that ? Actually, all the people I went with were super-awesome. And I had the coolest trail partner, so take that! Props to Kati for entrusting me with her life. Well, I suggest to all you readers that you NOT go waste 12 dollars on that hardly scary place. It may have killed some of the magic, however, that it took Mark and I forty minutes and ninety-plus u-turns to find it... Oh, but Andrew would think one part is completely pants-wettingly scary, so maybe we should go again. After the trails, we hit Kuna's house for the evening, and that was pretty fun, except the dang Super Nintendo controller wouldn't work! I would SO have won at NBA Jam, had we actually been able to press the "Start" button. Philip and Caleb are very good at pool. It almost scares me. And I couldn't believe we were watching hockey instead of football. Ketchup on the pants is an interesting condition... Speaking of scares, Neelou and Caitlin were being followed by creepy guys in a car for an hour, and were not happy about that. It seemed like they were really in trouble, and I was starting to freak out too until I received a call letting me know they were alright. That would suck if anything happened to those awesome girls... My parents came home from New York yesterday, and my mom had the pictures developed that I took before they left. The photos were of a snake eating a lizard. Yeah, you know it was tight. He was in our back yard one night, and I got pics of the spectacle. Amazing, just amazing. Just to clear up any confusion, my new phrase is, "That's amazing!" so when I say it, don't think I'm sounding sarcastic. I just realized I have slipped into my old blogging habit of just writing about the goings-on in my life. Sorry bout that. rageatari86: i dont know y so many people dislike the french rageatari86: they give such great phrases rageatari86: and words in general that runnerguy86: like "crouton" I have to go to work for a bit today, followed by BK practice, so I'll head on out now and stop boring you with my unfocused, turquoise ramblings. God bless

 "Why hello, Mrs. Homer!" I had a freaking blast tonight. Lauren and Morgan had a fun joint birthday party, and it rocked my face off. I saw a bunch of cool people there, and I had fun. Wait, I said that part already. Well, there was a fortune teller, and she told me a lot of good things, but the one that is most prevalent in my thoughts involves what I always think about: girls. She "sensed" that I was too worried about them and stuff (man, Dave, you're always right!), and if I just relaxed and let things happen then I would "be in a relationship by Thanksgiving." If I do keep focused on them, I will die in a fiery car crash next Thursday. So, I'll do my best, and maybe I'll hook up, yo. But it'll be hard to take my mind off them when there's this one that... nevermind. Maybe it's best you just pray for my soul after next Thursday. Oh, I also gave some massages tonight. Kati Lagrone and Sarah Warne were my two "victims" as I rubbed their shoulders and whatnot, doing my best to loosen their tight bra straps. I mean, their tight muscles. Well, everyone had good cake and stuff, and I chilled with numerous people and had a general, overall, summarily, totally good time. And Simon got me some cool shirts today from the Monkey. I'm going running tomorrow with Nee-lo. She says she'll beat me up, but that's impossible. No one can beat up Superman. I'm not saying I'm Superman, I was just making the observation that no one can beat him up. *Sigh*.... Congratulations on your win, A&M. You... deserved it. Augh! Am I becoming an Aggie??? I'm being tugged in different directions, but Dave and Valerie's persuasions are winngin me over... I haven't seen a movie in like three months. That's insane. And to tell you the truth, I don't really miss it. All I am sad I did not see was "American Wedding." It seems funny. Apparently Emily is in love with Alfie. I find that almost humorous. Just almost, Emily. He's prom king, she's soccer star... I believe we have the makings of a teen movie on our hands. And tonight, there was NO Token Black Guy. Whazzup wit dat? So since I'm really tan, I filled in the role just fine. I hope no one called me the "n-word" this evening... that would suck. I'm really tired. Parents come home tomorrow. Great- no nap, but more college stuff! Joy to the world... God bless

 "Wow, Dad, you took a baptism for me!" Snap, I'm glad it's the weekend. Three days, baby! Though Simon and his group get 4... grrr. Oh wel, a lot of my stuff that needed to be done has been getting finished, so I am big-time happy about that. HOPEFULLY this will be a somewhat relaxing weekend, as my dad comes home and gets on my butt about one little thing I may forget to do. I dunno, it always happens that way... We had Chinese food tonight! :-) I'm Duffman! Heck yeah! " You are Duffman!! You're a superhero-God of Beer. Saucy but bold, you're a man of few words. You are tough, smart, and know how to thrust your pelvis in the "direction of the problem." That's me, all right! Now, urlLink which Simpsons character are you ? Some excerpts from sources of information regarding prostitution, that I had to work with for my english hw toinght: "Its not a very good job: during their good years, the gross income is about what a good secretary might earn, of which they keep a very small percentage... As she gets older, a prostitute will find herself essentially without friends, and her exploiters will want nothing to do with her once her income declines." " 'Ive been thinking about doing this kind of work forever. I was aware of having this sexual power that people wanted, and that I could use it to my advantage to get things I wanted. I would never be someones little wifey.' " "The theory of 'career choice' collapses under the risk of physical harm these women undergo and the psychic trauma that grows form having ones most private self routinely entered by one stranger after the next." " '...and I think that's why I'm in this, not just about sex for money, but sex in general.' " Ha ha, the whole thing was so messed up. And I finally saw the prostitute on 1960 for the first time yesterday! Everyone was right: she did look old and nasty. Especially when she had that weird smile on when we finished... ANYWAYS, back to reality. Hey, who remembers that gay song, "Back to life, back to reality"? It was stupid. The 1990s had some pretty whack music if you ask me. You know, like Kriss Kross. Jump! Jump! I fell asleep in government today (you'd be proud, Dave! It's the next best thing to actually skipping class), and Ali Lichty jolted me awake. I sat up real fast, and I had this string of drool from my mouth to my hand and my paper, and I tried to wipe it up before no one saw it. It was really funny. I guess cuz I was high or something. High on Mrs. Puff's boring lecture, is more like it. Time to pull out a bunch of Erin catch-phrases at once that are all relevant at this particular time. They shall be interspersed in the subesquent sentences. *Ahem* I'm not gonna lie to ya: I got nothin'. So, I think I'll go to bed. That's hot. With no shirt on. Sexy... kinda. God bless

 "Ooh, you like plain vanilla, just like me!" "Actually, someone ate all of the toppings." Guys, I'm getting that old feeling again. Something I want really bad, but has just been eluding me for so long. I mean, I'd kinda found it in Kelly last year, but upon closer inspection, I would say no. It was cool and stuff, but not what I had really been looking for. I just need that sense of completion and amazingness and care and all those good feelings and making out (did I just say that out loud?) and well, I've said it all before. I really think I should stop talking now... We had to work the middle school Cross Country meet today. Mrs. Schoen was there, so Jayde, Alison, Kristy and I hammed it up big time. But she really is one of my favorite teachers, and it's just a bonus that she likes Cross Country runners. Brownie points for everybody! Today in Food Science and nutrition, Mrs. Fritsche asked Tommy Miller what he did with all the money he made working at Subway. It was funny, because everybody but her knows that he is immersed in drugs. And Ryan Rudin has the gayest haircut of all time cuz he's a big ugly lunkhead who now looks even more like a stoner, if that's even possible. Our bloody air conditioner broke yesterday. And right as I was about to go watch "One Tree Hill" with Pam, my dad calls from New York and yells at me to stay home and try and fix the dang thing which I have no idea how to do. So, last night was a sweaty one, and there was NO "One Tree Hill." Since Melissa can return to doing a Song of the Day, so can I. Today's is "3rd and Long" by New Found Glory. I kinda feel this way right now, especially the second-to-last verse down there: "Pick up the pieces that I've left behind I woke up today feeling older And never so much better I know I talk in circles I never wanted to avoid Your conversation You see yourself in my eyes Another day has passed us by The more time I spend The less I see of you I'll never take it back Your voice is like an angel Guiding over every move I make I'll never want it back The direction that you've gave me Nothing can replace what I've gained Time grabs me By the shoulders No one knows how it feels to move over I know I'm still far from you And it feels like I'm still far from home My name is a disappointment I only disappoint myself If only I could hold this moment Kept away from everyone else." God bless

 "I've had just about enough of your Vassar-bashing, young lady!" My blog's birthday is coming up soon. You all had better get him something or he will be mad. Just send presents to me, and I'll be sure to deliver them. Come on, don't you trust me? It's funny because now I only use Sam's blog as a link to a lyrics website. SoCo on November 13th at the Engine Room. All who are interested, contact me, and I shall see what we can pool together. Speaking of Andrew McMahon and his band, Melissa was in the car with me Saturday night, and we were listening to Konstantine. Right as he goes, "... and I always catch the clock It's 11:11 And you wanna talk..." I take a look at my cell phone, and I bet you can guess what time it was. That's right, it was 10:47. Actually, no, it was 11:11. Mel and I were a bit freaked out, but pleasantly so. "Relationships that work are things that I can't comprehend." Good call, Relient K. You seem to live at my high school. An oldies song that I like: (it's funny because the guy is stupid at first, but then he gets what he wants) "Silhouettes" by Herman's Hermits. "Took a walk and passed your house late last night All the shades were pulled and drawn way down tight From within, the dim light cast two silhouettes on the shade Oh what a lovely couple they made Put his arms around your waist, held you tight Kisses I could almost taste in the night Wondered why I'm not the guy who's silhouette's on the shade I couldn't hide the tears in my eyes Lost control and rang your bell, I was sore Let me in or else I'll beat down your door When two strangers who have been two silhouettes on the shade Said to myself "you're on the wrong block" Rushed out to your house with wings on my feet Loved you like I'd never loved you my sweet Vowed that you and I would be two silhouettes on the shade All of our days, two silhouettes on the shade" I'm out y'all- Monday Night Football and something icey and creamy for dessert. God bless

 "And some days we don't let the line move at all. We call those 'weekdays.' " This weekend was very different. For a number of reasons. Oh, I don't remember if I told y'all or not, but I am Casey's sponsor for her Confirmation! That's way cool cuz I get to help her out and share the faith and all of that rocking stuff. I'm excited like a mother. A mother giving birth to a 17 year-old Confirmation candidate. I got an NFG CD today called "Nothing Gold Can Stay." Reminds me of the weather we had this week; it was great, but it can't last forever. And if it did, it wouldn't seem as special to us as it does by being infrequent. :-) Erin came and went, and I did not see her. I was sad about that. Joe came and went, and I did not see him either. That I can't say I'm so sad about... Ok, so Neelou went out of town on Friday, and is coming back tonight. But then Pam is going out of town tomorrow and coming back Tuesday. So when one hot girl comes back, another leaves. Why can't they all just stay in Houston? With me? I need the sleep. The sleep needs me. It's a mutual attraction that I just can't deny. God bless

 "My baloney has a first name, It's 'H-o-m-e-r' My baloney has a second name, It's 'H-o-m-e-r.' " Holy snap, am I in a dilly of a pickle! Those of you on the inside loop know of what I speak. If you'd like to be added to the loop, just send a self-adressed, stamped envelope to: Screw Off Don't Waste My Time Street Sucks for You, MN 56501 CC is going ok. I could be better... But I can say that about a lot of things. My grandparents are going to be watching over us for about a week, and they may not be as lenient as my 'rents on some things. Really makes you appreciate your parents more when you have someone even stricter to limit your fun time... little balls is doing ok. I have to change his water a lot because Elizabeth did not get me one of those tanks with a filter pump and all that lik we have in Aquatic Science, in our 80-GALLON TANK!!! Whoop whoop! That's right, my group has claimed that big mother and we have it all set up sans fish. Schweet. HAPPY BIRTHDAY, STRAIGHT ANDY!!! Finally yuo're the big 1-7 as well. Welcome to no legal curfew, R-rated movies and... watching in vain as all your friends turn 18 long before you do... School calls. Maybe life would be better if it was like "Saved by the Bell." If anything, I'd be getting a lot more action, even though I'd be perhaps one of the most unethical people ever. Have you seen how much people on that show lie? It's insane. God bless

 To me, every bag of cheese popcorn is unique. It has its separate and equal chance to woo me with cheesy, fluffy kernels. The tasty, tender morsels of confectionary genius amaze me with every bite. Occasionally the level of popcorn actually in the bag is contradictory to the texture of the "full," unopened bag. I may get disappointed due to over-cheesiness, or flat, hard kernels. Some bags end up with a lot of crumbs at the end, and some have little. Each bag I eat is an adventure within itself, as I don't hold the shortcomings or triumphs of past bags as basis for judgement. Every bag is special; happy. They all bring me joy, be they white or yellow cheddar. I am an addict. I realize the first step to curing your problem is admitting it, and I admit it. But I don't care- I love my cheese popcorn. I will eat it in a box, I will eat it with a fox. I will eat it in the rain, and I will certainly eat it on a train. Here's to football! God bless

 South Park movie. On TV last night. Bigger, longer, and yes, completely uncut. It's things like that which are making me write my research paper over the decline of American values due to exposure to mass media. All the profanity and whatnot. I mean, they say, well... you know what they say. It's not pretty. Peanut butter. Ha. Wow, the weather this weekend has been awesome. That makes me so happy, you have no idea. Perhaps a bike ride would be in order if it wasn't so darn cold. Saw Elf last night. I thoroughly enjoyed it. Chip came down from West Point, and during the movie we had fun creating hypothetical situations that might have happened, such as if the "Clause-o-meter" did not get enough Christmas cheer, and how disastrous that would have been for the crowd below. Also went with Erin and Sharen, and some chick named Kelcee. Never seen her before in my life, but man is she weird! Just joshing you, Kelc. Went to Best Buy yesterday for early Xmas presents. It was packed like... Green Bay football players. Pam, be glad you didn't have to work, it was insane. My aunt waited in line for an hour and a half. But knowing you, Pam, you'd probably prove me wrong and you'd take some perverse pleasure from having to deal with the ginormous crowd. Ha ha, I'm right, aren't I? I knew it! I guess I gotta finish up my research paper and do my UT scholarship app. I guess after watching them whoop the pants off of A&M yesterday, I have made my final decision as to what college to attend: Arkansas University. I am so bad-ace. I fixed Ashley Scarlett's spinny senior keychain with my own two hands, and a paperclip and some scissors, and maybe some ingenuity, too. Granted, I was the one that broke it in the first place, but that's not the point. The point is maybe I really am the engineering genius that my dad wants me to grow up to become. Scary, huh? I love the holidays. So what if the suicide rate is higher now than at any other time of year? It's still a great time of year, if you're fortunate enough to have friends and family. Of which I have neither. I am a miser hobo who lives under the Louetta/Highway 249 overpass. My box is a duplex, however, so I'm excited about that. I'm thinking of adding a third bedroom for my pet rats... Rock on, constituents. God bless

 Let us give thanks Let us give thanks For this is a day That the Lord has made ... I am thankful for so much. I'm not gonna be corny and list everything, cuz I know that bores you, so while I'm still thankful for you as friends, I wanna keep you as my friends by not making you read my list. Ha ha, if that makes sense... But while you escape the "thankful list," you have to read my eating list of what I had for lunch. *Ahem* Here goes: Turkey (white and dark meat) Oyster stuffing Bread rolls Water Pork roast Ham Lots and lots of boudin And "mmmpie" Two plates full... explode I will. Nap time. God bless

 I'm beginning to hate Sundays. The weather is always dreary, and I'm always tired and I always have 50 tons of homework to do that never gets done because I spend all day giving myself a headache by sitting on the computer. And I always feel like I'm pressured to do something that I'm forgetting about, so there's this "Aaaagh!!!" going on in the back of my mind every Sunday afternoon. And then school has to go and start on Monday... I am eagerly awaiting Thanksgiving break. All except the training and lectures at work on Wednesday, beginning 9 a.m. Huzzah. God bless

 I had a really good time last night. Allison got sick, so it was a no-go, but then she got better, and we chilled at Starbuck's for a few hours. She's one cool cat, even though she tends not to shower except on days that end in "y." I gotta get to know her better so I can determine what's sarcasm and what isn't; not only is she a girl -which is confusing enough in itself- but she's a self-proclaimed sarcastic girl, so that makes things even more difficult. But definitely very cool, and a great person. HAPPY BIRTHDAY, MATT LEAL IN MELISSA'S PHYSICS CLASS!!! Oh yeah, and Maria's birthday was yesterday, but I don't see her anymore, so I'm sad about that. Happy Belated Birthday, Mia! Pam is in LA. That's cool. She's the 17 year-old flower girl at a wedding, but only because she knocked down and beat up the little girl who originally was going to do it. Hey, whatever floats your boat. I can't really think of anything else to write, so I'm going to go finish my A&M scholarship essay, and then I can say I am DONE with applying to A&M! All I have to do now is sit back and wait for my dad to let me go there... Rock on, you parsimonious frauds. God bless

 Doing good, doing good I am... Anonymous: You're pretty cool- you know what's up and stuff. Ha ha, thanks for your inspirational words; they are always there when I need them. Cross Country banquet was a lot of fun. Even though we sat at the freshman table and Melissa did not feel up/ hit on the dude next to her like she was supposed to, I still enjoyed it. The slideshow was... meh. Last year's rocked, but my pics were better this year. So, not sure what to think. And food was better as well. For my senior gift, Matt goes, "And since Sean is always around girls, and during practice Coach always has to call him over because he's talking to the girls... we got him a Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Calendar." Needless to say I was impressed. However, I may pass it to my brother to substitute for the calendar Mel and I were supposed to make. Oh, and I'm sorry if I talked about myself too much tonight. It was a banquet honoring me (among others) and all, so I think I got carried away. But you all were cool... Klein Cross Country, rock on! Elf tomorrow; I'm exited! I hate government class. 7 days... God bless

 OK, since I'm tired and this is boring anyway, I'll make this quick. In the past year, my blog has seen me through a lot. And here it be (in as best chronological order as I can make of it): Devil teacher Calculus struggles out the wazoo Thanksgiving yet still finding a way to AIM in New Orleans Sam... ugh, don't remind me... Depression Rejuvenation Ski trip New Year's hell with so much ThinkFive New Found Glory KellyA Depression SMYRT retreat Rejuvenation Another lonely Valentine's Day Depression Rejuvenation Bayou City Classis Dave! Crescent City Classic Easter... Confirmation, and more Dave! In-between time Depression Rejuvenation Tech theater Not breaking 5:00 in the mile Friends Graduation NFG concert Pam New York Running Summer crap Work Construction School starting; " '04!" Depression Rejuvenation Girls, girls, girls Dashboard Confessional concert Football games and BKs College crap Breaking 5:00 in the mile Homecoming stress Cross country race of my life Regionals Homecoming Rocking NCYC REJUVENATION Present and future... "And you say the present's just a pleasant interruption to the past..." Seems depression and rejuvenation were underrepresented. I'll try and keep them to a minimum this next year, though. Thanks to all of my friends, neighbors, and co-workers who helped make this a great year. Y'all are all number one stunners. Bedtime, hizzos. God bless

 This is an excerpt from a convo I had with my blog this morning: Me: Happy Birthday, Blog! Blog: Thank you, Sean! But you created me, after all, so take credit yourself! Me: Ha ha, ok! You don't need to ask twice! Blog: Yeah, you are just that good! Me: Why, thank you, Blog... That really means a lot coming from you. *Tear* Blog: You're welcome. I just can't help but admire and respect the coolest guy ever, who coincidentally happens to be my creator. Me: Anytime, Blog...anytime. Thanks for all of your rocking forum posts so far! They had me laughing and smiling so much, I thought I'd faucet myself. Keep 'em coming, guys! (That is for all who haven't posted yet; however, if anyone would like to make a second post, feel free! Lol) I need to get ready for school. Have a tanfastic day! I'm wearing my "towel" shirt today. God bless

 Tej didn't like my recent shout-out post. He said it was lame to do one of those. I say he's lame. Actually, Tej is totally cool, and I respect his point of view. However, I feel that a shout-out blog was completely necessary, as it satiated my desires at the time. So, raspberry to you on that! But another shout-out blog will be a long time coming, so don't worry about that. Don't forget to post in my forum for my blog's birthday!!! And it'd better be good, or else I'm coming after you with the dead squirrel who resides in my swimming pool. I got accepted to UT. That's cool, I guess. Ugh, but soon will come Honors College Apps, and still more scholarship apps!!! Kill me nooooow! I wanna go see Julie in the play on Friday! I'm so excited! Matt Leal in Melissa's physics class: you're the badding-est ass baller ever. One Tree Hill soon- I must depart. God bless

 Tomorrow is this blog's 365th-day anniversary. That means he's one year old. I figured I'll celebrate by reminiscing about all the things he's seen me through. You know, a summation of the past one year of my life. He also wants presents. Forum posts are greatly enjoyed, and would be the perfect gift. However, money is a great option as well. Just give it to me, and I'll make sure he gets it...

 I ain't doing Simpsons quotes in my blog anymore. I'm in for some changes... I don't know how resonating or how permanent, but changes surely. Go urlLink here . I hope this never happens to me. Although, it kinda did once, just not to the same potentially disastrous extent. I had such an awesome time at NCYC this weekend. I'll tell you about it if you ask, but I'm not gonna post in here. They did have Bobbi and Marty Culp imitators, and that was so amazing, I almost peed my pants. SNL rocks! I want to shout out to everyone. I love everybody right now, and words can't even begin to express how much I love ALL of you. Jesus Christo- You my main man, bro. Dave- You're right up there near Him. Not quite there, but still kicking some major butt. Pam- You rock the socks that I put on when I wear tennis shoes with shorts! You make me smile so much, and you have no idea. Mi Familia- Forget About Me, I Love You (Put the capital letters together) is what I need work on. Andrew- My best bud, no matter how smelly you are. Matt- Work sucks. You don't. Valerie- I'm hoping I can come there to stay! Whoop! Erin- I love singing to you. Come home so I can train good again. Greg- I'm not after her, man, lol don't worry. I can bench more than you. Kizzyle Bizzaker- I am always here for you. Melissa- Faucets are tight. Comp Sci would be hell without you. Casey- You're pretty egnarts. Stick to it, though. Alison- Tulane awaits! Yay for track! Kyle- Belt check! My fish was named Clarence first. Julie- Though you're from Canada, we love you anyways. Scarlett- Sometimes you scare me with your coolness. KellyA- God loves you so much, and that radiates from you in beauty and grace. KellyO- I still can't think of a word for "unidealization." Kati- Thanks for being ok. If you ever need anything, ring me up. You made me hate the taste of apples. Emily- You're so cool, I get freezer burn. We "rocked" tonight. Thanks for being you. Sarah- Dang; you're simply, absolutely amazing. And my mom thinks you're pretty. Ooh, you'd tap that, huh? Neelou- You can babysit me anytime. Unverzagt- Learn to speed-read. That I would pay to see. To all of you who weren't named: I love you just as much, if not more, than all these other folks! You're just so awesome I wanted to keep it on the DL so you're not mobbed in public. So really I maintained your anonymity for your own safety. Guess y'all can tell I'm in a good mood, huh? Yeeaaaahhh, you got it. Have an abso-frickin-lutely awesome week, and stay as cool as you are. I'd really like that. God bless

 Wow.

 "Ooh, you're in! Here's the key to the lotion cabinet." I'm getting pretty sick of writing long and meaningless posts. Perhaps this weekend will refresh my perspective so I can get through this all. Kati, get better. My prayers are with you. The OC tonight was great. I'm so Seth Cohen. High school's great and all, but I'm looking forward to college. I know a lot of people say that cuz they think it's cool and because everyone says it, but I mean it. I don't want to enter the real world or dwell in petty high school, just stay in college forever. Like Van Wilder, but better. And I won't have to screw the guidance counselor. God bless

 "And since we're guys, we can walk around naked." "Way ahead of you!" Just joshing y'all with that last post. You know I can't resist now going into detail about everything. Regionals was fun. Erik threw my letter jacket at me from across the hotel room (by the way, I can say I shared a bed with the fastest runner in the state. When he's famous one day, I'll be like, "I know that guy! I slept with him!" Or maybe not the slept with him part, cuz that could be misinterpreted.) and it went close to the ceiling and knocked the smoke detector off. So he climbs up on the beds and is trying to reattach it when a shower of sparks bursts from the hole in the ceiling he was working with, and all the lights go out. Apparently he messed up something, and our room lost power for the rest of our stay. Luckily that was in the morning, so I didn't need to come back to a dark shower and changing room. Instead I went with Kylie Sullenbarger, Alison Hoing, Kelly Greg, and Kyli'e's parent in the car so I could make it bacck in time for... HOMECOMING. Wow. Pam looked AMAZING. Stunning. Gorgeous. And all of the thesaurus equivalents. And she was a really good sport about my sucky dancing. We ate at P.F. Chang's on Westheimer, and the drive with Jason Tavarez and Kristy Rho was fun. Nobody has any 10's in their wallet. The dance was great, though I stepped on a few people's feet... Sorry bout that! And afterwards at Niki's, the moonwalk was a lot of fun and such. Holly Olson is crazy when hopped up on sugar! Things seem to be going ok for me right now. I've got a lot of college stuff done, and have minimal homework tonight. Plus, a date set up for next Thursday with a completely awesome girl (or so it seems, lol) so I am crazy pumped. And I want a tattoo. That's all for now. Statistics time. God bless

 "So she was stealing sponges!" I went to regionals for CC on Friday/ Saturday. I had Homecoming Saturday night. God bless

 "That was close, eh? You can be center." OK, I'm pulling a Melissa and instead of posting twice, I'm just adding onto a previous one. For all of you who watched The OC tonight, you will undertand this convo between my brother and I: Sean: Man, if only it were that easy... Andrew: We need to go to more carnivals. As I promised, the SoD is Konstantine. It's pretty long, so if you wanna all be scrubs and skip it, go ahead; I won't stop you. But it's a shaztastic song. I listened to it not one, not four, not eight, but TWO times on the way to school from the doctor's office this morning. And that rocked so much. :-) "I can't imagine all the people that you know And the places that you go When the lights are turned down low And I don't understand all the things you've seen But I'm slipping in between You and your big dreams It's always you In my big dreams And you tell me that it's over Wake up lying in a patch of four leaf clovers And your restless, And I'm naked You've gotta get out You can't stand to see me shaking No Could you let me go? I didn't think so And you don't wanna be here in the future So you say the present's just a pleasent interruption to the past And you don't wanna look much closer Cuz your afraid to find out all this hope You had sent into the sky by now had crashed And it did Because of me And then you bring me home Afraid to find out that you're alone And I'm sleeping in your living room But we don't have much room to live I had these dreams, in them I learn to play guitar Maybe cross the country Become a rock star And there was hope in me that I could take you there But dammit you're so young Well I don't think I care And if I hurt you Then I'm sorry Please don't think that this was easy Then you bring me home Cuz we both know what it's like to be alone And I'm dreaming in your living room But we don't have much room To live And konstantine is walking down the stairs doesn't she look good Standing in her underwear And I was thinking What I was thinking We've been drinking and it doesn't get me anywhere My Konstantine came walking down the stairs And all that I could do is touch her long blonde hair And I've been thinking It hurts me thinking that these nights When we were drinking no they never got us anywhere No This is because I can spell konfusion with a k and I can like it It's to dying in another's arms and why I had to try it It's to Jimmy Eat World and those nights in my car When the first star you see may not be a star I'm not your star Isn't that what you said What you thought this song meant And if this is what it takes Just to lie in my mistakes And live with what I did to you And all the hell I put you through I always catch the clock It's 11:11 And now you want to talk It's not hard to dream You'll always be my Konstantine Konstantine, they'll never hurt you like I do No they'll never hurt you like I do No, no, no no no no no no This is to a girl who got into my head With all the pretty things she did Hey You know You keep me up in bed This is to a girl who got into my head With all the fucked up things I did Hey Maybe Baby You could keep me up in bed My Konstantine Spin around me like a dream We played out on this movie screen And I said Did you know i missed you? Oh god I miss you And then you bring me home And we'll go to sleep, but this time, not alone, no no And you'll kiss me in your living room I know You'll miss me in your living room Cuz these nights I think maybe that I'll miss you in my living room We don't have much room I said does anybody need that room? Because we all need a little more room To live My Konstantine..." Wow... I dig that song. Or as Andrew would say, "shovel." I can't really think of anything to type right now... So I'll head on out now. Peace out, you suckas. God bless -------------------------------------------------------------------------- "I didn't sacrifice my period for second place!" Today turned out ok... Unexpectedly. I am SO pumped to go to regionals now, and I may even get to come back to make it to Bicarbonate activities on time. Huzzah! In government today, Ali told me she cared about me. That made my day. Ok, let's keep track here: that's one... At work I randomly got exactly the right amount of paperclips I needed to work on something, then I got to file invoices with Matt. That was fun, and it led to one of the most egotistical comments I've ever made in my life. But it was funny: Sean: Call me crazy, but I think that night at the restaurant for Poppe's birthday... I got the hint that Terri likes me. Matt: Well, yeah. Sean: Say what?! Matt: Uh huh. She thinks you're cute. Sean: Well, duh . I seem to be turning into David. Which is not a bad thing. Not a bad thing at all... Song of the Day is Konstantine by Something Corporate, but I will post it later, as I must watch That 70s Show right now. God bless

 "No, the only venue for me is the ride of broken dreams..." "Oh, you mean the Enron ride?" Today was 80s day. Guys wore short shorts in the 80s. That's all I'm saying; that I was only trying to accurately recreate the era. This whole Homecoming thing is getting pretty crazy. All of that cross-country is messing me up, you know? Same as last year, but 10 times worse. All this college stuff, not due until January, and they're making me do it now. Maaaaan, I'm getting sick of it. But over Xmas break when I'll wanna chill or something around the house and y'all are stuck rushing to get your stuff done... yeah, we'll see who's laughing then. "We can't decide who we like. We just-... it happens." - One Tree Hill My head is all mixed up with everything and all of it. And they expect me to know what to dress as for Career Day? I don't think so... What kinda people would actually answer a rhetorical question? I'm tired, so I think I'll head on out for tonight. I doubt I shall see OC tomorrow, but it's all good... Or bad. Ha ha. God bless

 "No, the only venue for me is the ride of broken dreams..." "Oh, you mean the Enron ride?" Today was 80s day. Guys wore short shorts in the 80s. That's all I'm saying; that I was only trying to accurately recreate the era. This whole Homecoming thing is getting pretty crazy. All of that cross-country is messing me up, you know? Same as last year, but 10 times worse. All this college stuff, not due until January, and they're making me do it now. Maaaaan, I'm getting sick of it. But over Xmas break when I'll wanna chill or something around the house and y'all are stuck rushing to get your stuff done... yeah, we'll see who's laughing then. "We can't decide who we like. We just-... it happens." - One Tree Hill

 "Why, hello there, Mr. Chipmunk! You're a North American reticulated chipmunk, yes you are!" This weekend's been different. 'Nuff said. I'm beginning to show symptoms of senioritis, but it's not full-blown yet. I do still have a bit of drive in me. Yesterday had great bik-riding weather. So I was about to go for a bike ride and was in the garage pumping up my tires, when my dad said, "Make sure you wear a helmet." I was just like, "Whaaaat?" cuz I had thought we had stopped that helmet thing after middle school. I guess not. I went for a run instead. Pop Secret really wasn't that good. We only thought it to be great because it would come out of the bag in different colors. Such disillusioned youth we were. "Captain Planet, he's a hero Gonna take pollution down to zero. He's got powers magnified He's fighting on the planet's side. Captain Planet, he's a hero Gonna take pollution down to zero Gonna help him put asunder Bad guys who like to loot and plunder ("You'll pay for this, Captain Planet!") We're the Planeteers, you can be one too Cuz saving our planet is the thing to do Looting and polluting is not the way Here's what Capatin Planet has to say: 'The power is yours .' " I did all of that off the top of my head. I know, I know; I'm just that bad-ace. Monday, Monday. Can't trust that day... God bless

 "Ehhh, it is a-nothing without-a the loop." I don't want to grow up. ---------------------------------------------------------------------- I want to make a movie. Or write a book. Something creative, you know? But it's hard to be director, actor and cameraman all at once. And knowing me and my neurotic need for control, I would have to be all three so that my "vision" could truly come to life. I have Craig Davis' hat. I shall go to no more football games. Last night was the uneventful culmination of my Escorting career. I need to learn to-- oh, wait. I need to learn a lot of things. ---------------------------------------------------------------------- "I," "I," "I." Every single line just started with "I." Am I really that inconsiderate to not think of anyone else? It seems so... And it's not just in my blog either. I'll try to work on that, y'all. Jesus, I'm gonna need your help with a few things. God bless

 I went to bed at 10 o'clock last night. That was good stuff. Really, I think it may have been beneficial, as I had done gads of physical activity yesterday, and I know I might be up past midnight tonight. Maybe. How come people are still doing college apps? Weren't those due, like, in November or December or something? I guess not, but why apply if it's too late to get a scholarship? Cuz I know schol apps were due back in the day. Luckily, all of mine are done, and all I have to do is talk to Mrs. Mallery about filling out a "Math Teacher Recommendation Form" for the Naval Academy (which I had thought she had done, but apparently not ) and every application thing ever is done. Oh wait, then there's local scholarships and whatnot... Hopefully no more essays, though. Wow, the Naval Academy has a 150-lb. football team. How cool is that?! Like, I could play football in college. I think that would be absolutely awesome, as football is my favorite sport, and yes, I am under 150-lbs. The stipulation is: you can play on the team if you're under that, but anything over, you're off. The only problem is, they'd probably have you lift weights and stuff, and I'd be up to 150 pounds before I knew it. It's only what, 20 to gain? Of all muscle? Hmm... Right now my dad is telling me that LSU is my best bet. That would be funny if I ended up going there, because I used to like it so much, but then I just kinda stopped liking it. I realized it wasn't exactly the caliber of school that I knew I could get into. No offense to Erin, cuz she's smart but goes there. I guess even smart people make mistakes sometimes, ha ha. Not that I'm saying it was a mistake , but... oh I think I backed myself into a corner here. I feel like saying something profound right now, but I'm not gonna lie to ya; I got nothin'. My parents are going out of town from today until Saturday. Saturday is NCL ball. Next Saturday is Bearkadette Ball. Egad, the money that is leaving my wallet is like a Niagara Falls of crumpled currency. Kinda like, "whoooooshhh" down an apex of black and slippery rocks, which I guess would be my tuxedo pants. Unless they're real rocks somehow. I think I'll go read some more Lord of the Flies . God bless

 rageatari86: so is ur that runnerguy persona gone Strikingly Ross: pretty much rageatari86: or should i keep it around Strikingly Ross: he comes back occasionally Strikingly Ross: but mostly he's dead rageatari86: what a shame rageatari86: i guess rageatari86: meh Strikingly Ross: meh Sometimes I wonder if life would be a lot easier if I was more cynical. I guess I'd have less friends, though, and that would kinda suck. I'd like to keep each and every one that I've got now. Dude, our coach played football with us today. I schooled him. Ha ha, not really, but at the same time, kind of. I picked him off like 3 times, then intercepted I think twice more from other quarterbacks. Then I had good returns for kickoffs, and some nice touchdown receptions. Anyway, playoffs are always more exciting than the Super Bowl, which isn't until Thursday. So I played like a true player, and gave it all for the playoffs. Someone please give me some ideas as to what there is to do for entertainment in this town. C'mon, I'm dyin' here. Andrew McMahon has cool hair. I'm working on a replica through my own follicle emulation. God bless

 Last night was grand. Thanks for a great time. :) I escaped the repeat miles, if only to end up with repeat 2's. We did good, Erin. We did good. Why do people put their cell numbers in their profiles and/ or away messages? I guess one might think the only people that view such information are friends and neighbors. But I know someone who ended up being stalked, and putting their number in their away message led to many calls, though the stalkee claimed they were grounded and could not "meet up" with the stalker. Still, a hassle I'd prefer to avoid. Where, oh where Has my little dog gone? Oh where, oh where Can he be? With his ears cut short And his tail cut long Where, oh where Can he be? God bless

 Allison smells funny, though she wishes to be a good Pictionary player. I thought it was pretty cool how I knew the guy would wear his wife's necklace and she takes his Durango. I really hadn't seen the commercial before! Elaine sucks at dancing, big time. I finally met Erica Beindorff, and I'm happy about that; she's pretty cool. Her and Allison are too much alike, and that scares me. Between the two of them, no one can escape without an insult. Kyle stayed at my house this weekend. He drank all the milk and hogged the soap in the shower. He left his dirty underwear on my pillow and burped during dinner. We had a heck of a fun time. Except for the fact that he stole the remote control for my DVD player. I wish my Monty Python tape would work. 4 repeat miles today. Gotta make me push, Erin. Make me better. CCFL game, 3 o'clock at Klein Memorial Stadium on January first. Be there, or don't be circular. Time to get ready to run myself to death. Dang you, Erin, dang you. God bless

 This blog is brought to you in part by Kyle Baker and contributions from viewers like you. Tonight was good. We had a grand time at Spamela's house. Kyle: There's a rock in my roll. Mmm, jellybeans. Watch out for electric icicles. Jack in the Box, "two" many times. Ha ha, Melissa can't control her new taco-eating skills. She should clean her shirt under the hand dryer. Mood rings can't really determine your mood, only whether or not you merit a change of underpants. This time, you can not only build with Legos, but eat them, too. But not the yellow banana ones. Ewww... I happen to be good friends with a sluuuuuut. ;) I can't think of anything right now... I'm too tired. Kyle and I wish you a fond farewell. "Finally!" God bless

 rageatari86: im actually still sticking to a resolution i made 5 years ago Strikingly Ross: do tell rageatari86: no more resolutions rageatari86: its so easy I like cheese. gpct1: you have the most comprehensive blog i've ever seen Cheese is good. God bless

 Full steam ahead, Cap'n.

 Dear God, I did it again. I really need to think before I do things. I need time apart from all of this, time apart. Maybe I should go to the ranch over New Year's. Perhaps I could get some perspective there, and figure myself out. I am so sorry for being the moron I've been, but I get caught up in things, and I act rashly. However, like I've said, no regrets. I am sorry if dire consequences arise, but things happen, and I wouldn't wish it any other way. All decisions lead to bigger and more heavy ones, and ones I made recently will lead to a great big and overweight one. I just need time apart. Time to think. -------------------------------------- My mom today on opening presents: "We're doing it my way because I said so; we need to drag this motha out." I need bedtime before my brain explodes. God bless

 Why all this silly pissed-off blogginess? It's the holiday season, and I shouldn't be angry at anybody for any reason. Ha, that rhymes. I just need to let go. Things change, people change. It's up to me to forgive and forget and make the most of what I do have. "I'll take what you're willing to give And teach myself to live With a walk-on part Of a background shot Of a movie I'm not in" I have been blessed with so much, but I just turn away and take it all for granted. Ya know, I really gotta stop doing that... Ha ha, but from now on, I'm going to try and make the most of what I've got. I have ONE semester left in high school, and I'll soon be leaving this town for a new start. But dammit, I certainly want a great finish to what I've already got going! Let's make it rock. "What's the d-d-d-dillyo? (dillyo) What's the d-d-d-deal? (deal) What's the d-d-d-dillyo? (dillyo) What's the d-d-d-deal? (deal!)" So, I think "Apple Shampoo" is a good song. DL it if you want. And there's one other one that I like, and I happened to forget the title, by the same artist which I know, but I won't tell you who. You just have to know it, then I'll give you a high-five. I think it's almost time for Christmas presents now. Material things are not what I really want, or need, but it seems I'm getting them anyway. I guess that's cool :). But it ain't "the reason for the season" as people so often say, and they're right. Remember Jesus Christo (to be said with a Spanish accent) and His gift of salvation to us. That's the best one I ever got or will ever get. Yeah, I think He gave it to you, too, so don't feel left out. Ha ha, I accidentally had written "slavation" in that last paragraph. I don't think Jesus making us into slaves would be a very good present. Ha ha ha... And speaking of presents, I still have some left to give out, which will be given after Christmas, cuz I'm too lazy to wrap them and deliver them all right away. I did have two done yesterday, and I gave one to its designated recipient, but then there was the slight problem of Melissa... She was "gettin' busy" so I couldn't even drive by real fast and throw it on her lawn. Ha ha ha, man I'm giddy right now. And the second best present (behind the salvation thing) that I received this year involves a Drive-Thru Records DVD, a sweeeeet shirt, and a Left-Handed Monkey gift certificate. Thanks lots. :) Lots of "ha's" in this blog. I am in a good mood, and I love it. "One light, one mind Flashing in the dark Blinded by the silence Of a thousand broken hearts" I know EVERYONE is gonna have "Merry Christmas, I Love You All!!!" in their blogs, so I won't jump on the bandwagon and do so. I tell y'all that all the time. It's not limited to just Christmas. Just keep it in mind wherever you go. :) But I guess I could be civil... Feliz Navidad, mis amigos. :) :) :) Au revoir. God bless

 What are you doing here? Why are you even reading this? You and I both know you don't want to be here, so just go away. Gingerbread cookies are good. Friends that bring them are good too. Friends that watch movies with you are good. Friends that write music for your songs are good. Friends that run with you are good. Friends that can appreciate you are the best. "Friends" that won't hang out with you are not good. "Friends" that think they don't matter are not good. "Friends" that ditch you are not good. "Friends" that make you feel like crap are the worst. All of the not goods can be remedied, and I feel it is up to me to be in charge of that situation. If you factor in all the good and all the bad, Christmas Break sucks. Someday soon I will show a list of my stupid quotes from Mrs. Schoen's class. I think, however, the only person other than myself who would appreciate it is Alison. Yay, one cool person... I'm going to bed. I told you not to read this; it was boring, it sucked, and it only made you more disappointed or angry with me. Now it's too late not to read it, but it's not too late to go away. I suggest you do so. God bless

 Whoa... This Christmas break has been whack. I guess it could be called wiggidy-whack this time. I did some things. I said some stuff. I ate in between doing and saying. I regret none of it. NONE of it. As we peruse through this life, we stumble upon new discoveries within ourselves and others. Some are good and some are bad, but both are intriguing. Death is a part of life, but life is not about endings. New beginnings and new information and new perspectives are amazing. They are what make life worth living. We need to stop sitting around on our ass, claiming we're bored, or have no one to hang out with, or we can't think of anything to do. Just get out and do something . You'll bump into someone or something to make it worthwhile. Take a walk, ride a bike, drive around. Make some phone calls, talk to people, fly a kite. Anything to get you up and doing something. You're not gonna fondly remember watching TV shows, but even small experiences such as writing a letter or watching a sunset will keep you in touch with what really rocks in life. I had somewhere that I was going with that paragraph, but then I forgot where that somewhere might be. But that's ok. Because, as I've heard, "You need to let go to fly." I can't stay grounded on one idea or one theme or subject. And that's certainly not a way to live. I want to get out and do different things. No rut for me. And I may lose touch with some friends, or phases of my life will pass, but that is reconciled by the fact that I am living my life. You can't hold me down, so don't even try. I'm hungry, so I think I'll eat. God bless

 #90: It makes me mad when people say I turned and ran like a scared rabbit. Maybe it was like an angry rabbit, who was running to go fight in another fight, away from the first fight. #392: At first I thought a good way to get people to dig you some flower beds for free would be to call the police and say you buried some bodies in your backyard. But here's the catch: they dig everywhere, not just where you tell them to. #161: If I was a father in a waiting room, and the nurse came out and said, "Congratulations, it's a girl," I think a good gag would be to get real mad and yell, "A girl? You must have mixed me up with that dork!" and point to another father. #146: I believe in making the world safe for our children, but not our children's children, because I don't think children should be having sex. #444: When I was a kid, I used to think you could jump off the roof of our house using an umbrella as a parachute. I thought my little brother could, anyway. #322: The king threw back his head and laughed. He enjoyed a good laugh, and so did his wife, the queen. When she saw the king laughing she let out a big laugh too. In fact, she laughed so hard she broke her throne. This made them both laugh harder. Then they got serious when they remembered they had the plague. "The plague," said the king, but the way he said it made them both burst out laughing again. #280: If you make ships in a bottle, I bet the thing that really makes your heart sink is when you look in and there at the wheel is Captain Termite. #376: When we would go for a drive in the family car, I used to love to stick my head out the window, until one time we passed an oncoming car and my head knocked off a dog's head. #8: I'd like to see a nude opera, because when they hit those high notes I bet you can really see it in those genitals. #349: When I saw the old bum pushing his grocery cart down the street, at first I felt sorry for him. But then when I saw what was in his cart I thought, Well, no wonder you're a bum, look at the dumb things you bought. No regrets.

 I want you to know that I care-- it's so much more than you will ever know, yet you turn your back to it. But that won't make me stop caring. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- It's weird, but I've read a few blogs that people have written about not knowing anybody and such. I doubt it's cuz of the one that I wrote and maybe got people thinking about the subject, but that would be fun to hope. It's still... I don't wanna say neat , but perhaps a funky coincidence that we're all kinda thinking about the same thing right now as we get ready to head off into our own independent blazing sunsets. And we don't know anybody. If you think about it, doesn't that kinda suck? Let's hope it's just a pattern that can be broken. Right now, I feel more surrounded than I ever have before, yet I feel alone at the same time. It's an odd feeling; not too unfamiliar, but it's not very comforting. Adrift in a sea of farce. Am I in a farce? I hope not. Got a letter from the Naval Academy today. Yep... God bless

 This post is dedicated to the one and only Dina Canlas. For those of you who don't know her, she's this really weird, short girl who pretends to know me, and so she comes up to talk to me at school or at church. What a psycho! Just joshing y'all. Dina is an absolutely completely awesome girl who I got to know at NCYC. I'd talked to her a few times before, but usually only to ask about the status of her older brother Michael. Well, Dina rocks my socks off with her always-happy demeanor and her funny quips about random passers-by. She's completely into God, which is awesome, and isn't afraid to share her faith with anyone and everyone. That is some true guts right there. So Dina comes up to me after church today with this spring-tinted bag. I mean, Christmas presents are usually in Christmas wrapping, but this one was definitely not, ha ha. So I go to open up the gift, and it's... diapers! Lord knows I need those, right Melissa? Remember Super Mario at my grandparent's house? But inside the diapers are awesome pictures of me at NCYC! In the first one was me taking off my shirt to give to two girls who were fighting for me to get it off. I bet that is the first and last time in my life that that will ever happen. The next picture was of me, Dina, and Irma Glueck, taken by "some random Catholic." And the last picture was of... yep, you guessed it: Matt from The Real World. Just what I wanted! Ha ha, actually, it was great cuz it was during his chastity talk, so it's like a reminder to do my best to stay chaste. Very cool, very cool. I would like to publicly thank Dina for her gift and for being an awesome person and a great friend. I also liked the pictures of toilets on the card! Keep it real, Dina, and stay cool! God bless

 Well, time for another "deep" blog. But with me, you can't really get very deep - I'm just not that smart- so I'll do my best to impersonate somebody clever. Anyways, it seems that I don't really belong to any social group. Not complaining, just observing here! Ha ha, but I realized that I hang out with different people all the time, and I really don't have any "set" group of friends that I frequent my time with. I suppose during the summer, it was the Casey-Andrew-Melissa group, but now I'm kinda of a drifter. And I have to admit, it's kinda fun. I never know which of my friends I'll end up mking memories with. I mean, I don't want a solitary posse with whom I associate, because I like being diverse. I like having options. Sure, sometimes I wish, "Man, I want some friends like those that I can call up anytime to hang with and they'll say yes, cuz we're all just that tight." But for the most part, the element of surprise and mystery is pretty good when the evening rolls around and I don't know who I'll be "chilaxin' " with. I mean, Friday night I get a call from Erin, who is back in town, to go hang out with some of the alumni and CC/ Track people. I was certainly glad to! Then yesterday, I am with a whole other group of my homies. Tonight, the possibilities are endless! In summation, Christmas Vacation is a grood movie. I mean great. I mean good. I mean great and good. I can't really think of what else to write about other than WE ARE SECOND SEMESTER SENIORS!!!! I know everyone has been saying it, but we want the world to know! Yahooooooo! God bless

 Nobody understands me. It's pointless for you to even try, because you'll only get confused. Half the time I don't understand myself, but the half when I do I can see that you don't. There's more to me than the seemingly preoccupied, moronic, and blanketly retarded person you see every day at school. I have this deep love for all of you, but you don't know that, and you wouldn't understand it if you did. I'm not saying I'm the only misunderstood person out there. By God, I probably cannot correctly interpret a single one of you readers. I am declaring my unknown nature and faux exterior-- the fact that I am really contrary to what you see. No one has ever probed my psyche to see how I feel, how I work, what makes me tick. I guess I'm just not interesting enough for that. You need to find someone who is interesting, and talk to them; just share feelings, or common ground, anything. Get to know a person beyond isolated conversation about their hobbies or schoolwork. It just boggles my mind how people (including myself; I'm no better than anyone else) just don't take the time or effort to investigate someone. Discover who they are and really get to know them. They would feel so special to know that a person cares enough about them to want to know them and have an impact on their life. Never again in your life will you be surrounded by so many people who you will come into contact with every day, and who you can influence or have them influence you. Be yourself, but become yourself by appreciating what is around you. Take notice, take interest, and on your journey to discover, you'll find out a lot more about yourself than you ever knew possible.

 Dude, screw Lord of the Rings- I GOT INTO TULANE!!! Congratulations, Melissa and Casey as well for also achieving this feat! We rock too much! The statement in this blog that previously existed here were uncalled for and immature. I apologize for my ignorance. Oh yeah, Alison got into Tulane, too, but we all knew that a while ago. Congrats, Alison! I spent some good quality time with my bro and sis tonight. That really rocked; I needed it. We were at Randall's, and I was trying to win a plush bear for Pam from the claw machine, so she could have an addition to her Xmas present which may not be satisfactory. I used like 7 quarters trying to get the darn thing. Then, on my last quarter, I thought it had been picked up, and I go, "You're mine, bear!" But then it flipped over, and simultaneously, we all yell, "It's a reindeer !" Good times... And at the mall, my sister was going psycho for a cookie from the Great American Cookie Company. Seriously, she was out of control. Went on a good run today with Darren and Fernando. I haven't run that fast in a while, and it felt dang good. I don't think I'll ever get used ot darren's shaved head. Before my run, I had to make a drop-off of some apparently unnecessary Campbell's Chicken Noodle Soup. I guess it's the thought that counts. I put it in the mailbox, which leads me to ask the question, dear readers, "What is the weirdest thing you have ever gotten in your mailbox?" Answers accepted at school or wherever I see you. One more final, baby. ONE MORE FREAKIN' FINAL!!! Yahoooo! You may have noticed a recent propensity that I've developed towards "yelling" in my blog posts. I'm just so excited, you know, that I can't control my flatulence. I mean, my joy. Time to study for my one... last... final... God bless

 LORD OF THE RINGS CAME OUT TODAY!!! AAAAAHHHH! I know it's awesome. I just know it. I read the books, and I know what's gonna happen and it's gonna be SO COOL to see it brought to life in theaters. The movie review in the paper gave it an A+ and said it was great, and everyone I know who went to see it said it was awesome. Woo boy, I don't think I'll make it 'til Friday after government final! Speaking of finals, I only have three more. Halfway done, baby. Comp Sci and Food/Nutrition, you guys are MINE tomorrow! In your face, grandpa! Sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep. God bless

 Stupid Sarah; way to not open your present. Wannabe new screenname: Best ScreenName Ever Actual new screenname: Strikingly Ross Thank you, Jack Handey, for this absolutely hilarious Deep Thought. "#424: I'll never forget the time I got caught stealing watermelons from old Mr. Barnslow's watermelon patch. I was with my friend Bobby. We were giggling so hard I thought I'd wet my pants! At first we tried to steal two watermelons each, but they were too heavy and we dropped them, and that made us laugh even harder. Finally, we each picked out a good one, and we were just about to sneak back through the fence when we heard a low, deep voice behind us. "Just where do you think you're going with those watermelons?" I gulped and turned around. It was old Mr. Barnslow, pointing his shotgun at us. Bobby dropped his watermelon, then pulled out the .38 revolver he kept in his waist, turned, and fired. But the turning must have thrown off his aim, because the shot only hit Mr. Barnslow in the thigh. Mr. Barnslow immediately fired both barrels at Bobby. One blast of buckshot missed entirely, but the other tore into Bobby's shoulder. He tried to fire back, but his shoulder was so torn up he couldn't raise his arm. Just as he was trying to switch to his left hand, Mr. Barnslow ran up and cracked him across the face with the butt of his shotgun. Bobby fell to the ground in a heap. Mr. Barnslow raised the butt of his gun to finish him off, but just then Bobby pulled out his hunting knife and plunged it into the farmer's big white belly. After that, I don't think I stole watermelons for at least a year." Well, I thought it was funny. Perhaps, if I am very lucky, the feeble efforts of my lifetime will someday be noticed, and maybe, in some small way, they will be acknowledged as the greatest works of genius ever created by Man. Another funny one: "#229: I remember one day I was at Grandpa's farm and I asked him about sex. He sort of smiled and said, "Maybe instead of telling you what sex is, why don't we go out to the horse pasture and I'll show you." So we did, and there on the ground were my parents having sex." God bless

 LORD OF THE RINGS COMES OUT TOMORROW !!!! YAHOOOOOOO!!! Seriously, that movie is going to be completely off the chain. Absolutely fantastic. I loved the books like none other, and the first two movies were good, but this one will rock my face off. And then some. So much amazing stuff is going to happen. And the end... oh, the end will be-- augh, can't say it, don't wanna ruin the movie for others. But dang, I wonder how Peter Jackson is going to bring the culmination of Tolkien's imagination to life. It's gonna be shaztastic. But I need to go wrap Sarah's present now, then go to church with her for a while. Peace out. God bless

 A great friend of mine told me not to do anything until I'm sure about it. So that's what's gonna happen; I'm just gonna try and sort out my thoughts and emotions and figure out the best course of action. I don't want to hurt anybody's feelings. Gosh, life can be rather difficult sometimes, but I feel as if I only brought this upon myself. ANYway... four more days. Just four more. Schooooool's out, for the summer!... I mean, winter... Alice, please change your song so it can apply for winter, too. A lot of times when you first start out on a project you think, This is never going to be finished. But then it is, and you think, Wow, it wasn't even worth it. God bless

 Man, whack night last night. (Wiggidy-whack? Nope, just regular kind.) I can't post what happened in here, but if you want details, sucks for you, cuz I'm not gonna tell you. Muwahahahahahaha 5 mo' days. Which reminds me, ha ha, would anyone like to go on a "mop ride"? I think this Christmas break will be whack, too. (Wiggidy-whack? Nope, just regular kind.) But I bet it will be fun. I need to be content in whoever and whatever I do, and not yearn for bigger and better things. No ski trip this year, and... yeah. Ha ha, I'm wondering if you caught that little bit of humor two sentences ago. Anyways, school calls me. LORD OF THE RINGS COMES OUT IN TWO DAYS!!! AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!! OMIGOD OMIGOD OMIGOD OMIGOD OMIGOD, I CAN'T CONTAIN MYSELF!! *Ahem* Pardon my outbursting. I warn you, two more will follow; one tomorrow, and one the next day. God bless

 I changed the oil on 2 cars today. I feel like a real man. Except for the part when my dress got caught in the gear shifter. urlLink My idols . Every one of them. that runnerguy86: what about you? that runnerguy86: where is life taking you? dogma05ag: well... i don't know that answer dogma05ag: i actually have no clue that runnerguy86: i think i'll be a hobo that runnerguy86: or a Spanish "jobo" I continue to walk myself further and further down the path of trouble and enigma, and it will result in a cataclysmic maelstrom of epic proportions. If only I didn't have to be there for the culmination. I don't have anything worth putting in here right now. Nothing you wanna read, and nothing I want to write. I am in a daze; damn cold Mountasia air, you strike me with invalidity. I do find it comical how I keep getting stuff like this: TpsReports86: man ur blog is quite depressing TpsReports86: im like...wow..... im depressd I can see how that comes up, but at the same time, no... not really. I got nothing. God bless

 I got accepted into LSU. Wow. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ My conundrum: Things were said and done this last week. I meant them, yes. But I'm very confused right now. I wasn't then, but I am now. I don't want feelings hurt or anything bad to happen. I just need to sort myself out and stop being a complete moron. My thoughts are cluttered, my brain is fragmented, and even my heart does not know which way to go. All I can do is pray to God for guidance and for things to turn out well. I need a break from it all. From everything. I am sorry for everything. Maybe... maybe you would be better off without me. I'm a walking disaster mechanism. I leave destruction and pain in my wake. I am like Stitch, but not as cute or cuddly. My intentions are good, but I always always always mess things up, no matter how hard I try otherwise. I despise myself for it; for it all. I can't take it anymore; can't take myself anymore. I'll be going now. God bless

 Man, I had a real good blog written this morning, then the Internet botched it up. Dang Internet; always the cause of my problems. I got a 92 on my research paper for my online english class. I love the Internet. As I am now tuxing at both NCL and BK Ball, I need to go get sized. Peace out, diggity-yo. God bless

 You surprise me Constantly With your shining face And your flawless grace. And your touch Makes me want To fly so far away And be with you Where no one can find us I want to share you With no one I'm selfish like that But it doesn't matter To me. I want you all for myself We can be together And be happy Until the end Just seeing you Makes me nervous I can't control my Anxiety. The flame inside me Burns harder and faster Just by holding your hand You're amazing And I want you You are like a dream To me I only wish I could Make you see. My affection, Grasping hold of my senses And tearing me apart, To let myself drown in The love that is you

 December 7, 1941. "A date that will live in infamy." To those who died serving our country: my hat goes off to you. I am so proud to be American, and it is thanks to you that I remain free. -------------------------------------------------------- Here's something cool I found in Dave Barry's column today. I thoroughly enjoyed it: "I love Christmas in Miami. Oh, sure it's not like Christmas up north. We don't have Jack Frost nipping at our nose: We have Harvey Heat Rash nipping at our underwear regions. And we never look outside on Christmas morning to discover that the landscape has been magically transformed by a blanket of white, unless a cocaine plane has crashed on our lawn." Hee hee hee, it's funny if you're intellectual and understand Miami, but also funny if you like hearing the word "underwear." I saw "Honey" yesterday. Based on the previews, I thought it would be a really crappy "Save the Last Dance" (which I neglected to see, but I bet sucked anyways) but it turned out awesome. There's thug stuff everywhere. And you know me, I'm a hardcore thug drug dealer dude. But the movie was cool, and quite humorous at parts. Everyone went out to get a Christmas tree, thus leaving me home alone. Like I was all weekend. Yesterday I also watched Pirates of the Caribbean for the first time. Very cool movie, though it romanticized the era, as most such movies tend to do. I got to talk to Dave today. That rocked a lot. Two more weeks, baby, two more weeks. Y'all, we need to think of something fun to do over Christmas break. Last year the soccer was cool, especially when we had to do a dare if scored upon. But I need crazier friends. Melissa wouldn't do anything . She wouldn't even run across the field on all fours barking loudly like a dog. She just... stood there. Speaking of soccer, I think I shall perhaps sign up for coed soccer this spring. Anyone who wants me on their team is welcome to have me. Just as long as I don't have to play against myself, as I might be assigned to two teams if just anyone can have me. That would be complicated if I got the ball. I think I would have a seizure as I might try to simultaneously protect the ball and steal it from myself. I hate quail. The piss me off so much with their huge feet and loud trumpeting mating calls. Seriously, if I see just one more of those hairy, metalic creatures hanging around my property I think I just might go AWOL. And the dang things are 6 feet long, so I can't really stop one without a Buick. Freakin' quail... Guys, this upcoming week contains the last December 10 we will experience before college. Make it great. Church time. peace out. God bless

 I forgot to feed little balls yesterday. I hope he can forgive me. It seems that everyone else leads such a more exciting life than I do. I guess I'm content with my life, but sometimes I feel that I'm missing out on something big. God only knows what that could be. I didn't pick my seat in statistics for any particular reason. I got a green star, so I had to sit in that row. I sat in the back of the row with a gap so maybe I wouldn't talk as much and get low grades on my tests (freaking 88!!! aaaauuggghh!!!) anymore. End of story. 2 more weeks, guys. Then I'll miss everyone when they go lead their exciting lives and I do not. I need to shower and go to work. Peace out, you guys. God bless

 I have nothing exciting to blog about, like some people I know, *cough*Melissa*cough* only that I am going to bed at 9:45 tonight. Yay for me. This weekend should rock my socks off. I just hope I don't raise my expectations too much; I don't want a letdown. God bless

 I think the hottest, most absolutely awesome, neat and amazing thing a girl could ever do is wear a scarf. Well, squirrels fight, so why can't I? We had a 400 time trial in track today; I ran a 59.1 And that was in flats, so in spikes I could probably hit at least a 58, maybe 57. Emphasis on maybe. Think Five is getting done... I'm so pumped about that. This weekend shall be party central, if I can get all my hw done, and my English final and other busywork out of the way. Whoa, I just realized that after I finish my english bulletin board post, I have no more english class for this semester! And the latest that will occur is Sunday, so after this week, I'm free! 800 time trial Friday. I want to cry. I probably won't even break 2:15, I suck so much. Ha ha, oh well, at least I have fun running crappy mile times. They're crappy, but I enjoy them so much. Dave, I've decided: we're gonna hook up over Christmas Break. No, not "hook up" like a consummate relationship, you dummies. I meant we need to get together during that period. Wait, get together could be misinterpreted as well... Man, this is hard. Ok, I got it now: Dave, you and I need to hang out this Christmas Break, no matter the distance or effort to get from one place to another. And next semester will be off the heezy, too. And it'll be even better when I go to A&M next school year. Fun times ahead, I say, fun times ahead. God bless

 I have nothing this weekend. I have everything this week. "Have I not commanded you? Do not be terrified, do not be discouraged, for the Lord your God is with you wherever you go." -Joshua 1:9 God bless

 Man, I think I get things all figured out, and then, "whabam!" here comes someone I hadn't expected. I mean, I could have expected them, but me being the fool that I am, I ignore the issue until it permeates my thoughts. I gotta stop this.. I gotta stop what?... Don't wanna hurt anybody, Sean. Keep yourself calm, cool, and collected. Deep breaths... that runnerguy86: "Stop! Collaborate and that runnerguy86: whoops I added a fish to our tank today. I think I wanna name him "Dwight" but if anyone can think of any better, cooler name, let me know, I'd love to hear it. I saw Elf and it was pretty good. I did a lotta different stuff over Thanksgiving break. I feel like I ignored my family, though. That's not cool. Being a teenager is hard; you wanna have family time, but also chill with your friends. And guilt comes from not doing the first and anxiety comes from not doing the second. Man, I need to shower, then Stat study, and all of that. Like I said, being a teenager is tough; you have to keep clean and "socially acceptable" all the time. Whatever that means. When I grow up, I'm not showering for weeks at a time. Luv2bblonde6: no i'm not going to be the person who gets you drunk! that runnerguy86: Wouldn't that be cool, though? To be able to say, "See the President on TV, sweetie? When he and your mommy were 17 years old, she got him drunk for the first time in his life! How fun!" Luv2bblonde6: haha ok Don't worry Sharen, that was just good-natured joking- I'm sticking to our pact. Keep it real! God bless

 My cousin used to tell me that if you peed off the side of the boat, you'd attract fish. Erin and I went for a great 10-mile run Saturday. It took us like 2 hours to do, because we stopped when we saw Darren Brown (who had shaved his head!) and to do running drills and strides at the track. And who should we see at the track but the British Spy herself, Sam. She did good when we saw her running, before we left to go back to our cars. Erin and I finished, and we weren't even tired. Actually, yes we were. But it was much improvement over the runs of the summer and the end of the school year! I liked that run so much, it was exactly what I needed, but I still almost threw up today after our track workout. Research paper is bloody DONE, baby!!! Now I can truly sit back and enjoy my break. :-) Oh wait; I have a statistics project due on Friday... Dude, guys, people, whatever!!! Melissa is OK!!! Hooray! She is, quote/unquote "normal" now (I still find something a little misleading in that statement) and that makes me happy! You should be happy, too, cuz she'll turn out allright. Huzzah! Constantinople turned into Istanbul. And we all know what Istanbul is, right? Good job! It's what you ask when you think your friend Stan is lying to you! God bless

 Back to the daily grind... God bless

 There've been rumors circulating that everything we do is meaningless and high school is worth nothing. I beg to differ. People might say that high school really isn't purposeful and that the things we do are nothing like what is to come. High school does have a purpose, however, and that is one besides teaching you how aggravating life in Spring, TX can be. Sure, some might say that the classes are only useful to get you into a college so that you can really learn stuff. Or that meeting friends is a waste of time because you'll never see these people again in your life. While that is a convincing-sounding statement, high school really and truly is a good thing. High school provides for you a foundation. A base for the rest of your life. Though the cliquey-ness and trivial things such as what you eat for lunch or which period you have physics don't matter, it is really a time of setting up standards and other important things to guide you throughout life. Your work ethic is often refined in high school, and that follows you. Your attitude towards life and your religious base are both strongly influenced (and challenged) during high schoool. The people you meet- while you may not stay in touch or ever see them again- impact you and your personality in such a way that you come out with experiences and feelings and habits that define who you are. It is something to take with you forever, and your lifestyle is partially determined by the events that occur during this "period of growth and development." I assume that is a technical term... There's more to this than is coming out, but I'm not sure exactly how to put it all. I think I'm gonna miss a few points here and there. When we leave and go our separate ways, the memories we'll all have of this amazing time in our lives will stay with us. We'll never forget the wonderful prom night, how lazy we were when we caught senioritis, first or even any kisses, or our first experiences with true responsibility. Those that came before us laid the grounds so that we might have an excellent experience at high school, and make the most of these years. When graduation comes, we'll be looking forward to our new and exciting lives, knowing that we garnered what we could from Klein and we'll cherish it for what it really was. As we conclude our final year at this beloved institution (ha ha, I know a buncha people that "hate" the place) and I start talking like some stupid college professor or someone giving a speech, we gotta grab life by the horns and take what we can get. Let's make this a truly awesome and unforgettable year; one that we can look back and say that we were satisfied with. When you have a blast your senior year, you know you were doing something right. So by all means, let's get out there and do all the crazy shat that you're still allowed to do just cuz you're a high schooler, and let's have the best damn time we can. Rock on. God bless

 Soccer game was fun. Hooray for Emily and Caitlin scoring goals! Emily, that header was bad ace! And Megan did good on defense, too; I saw some excellent clears! Yaaayyy, soccer. Congrats, Top 10 Percenters. How I want to emulate you until the day that I die. The Naval Academy has all necessary input from me now. They can make their decision on whether or not I receive a nomination. Shat... And that's another weird thing about my life: I've started saying "shat" instead of "shit." I just don't know why. I need to stop cussing altogether. I'm a bad, bad person. Come on, someone else do something bad; I want companionship in Hell! I don't have anything to talk about. Sorry, it's not just you, Melissa. I just don't really have anything to say to anyone anymore. I think I'll become an introvert again like I was in middle school through junior year. I was introverted this weekend, and I kinda liked it. I had some alone time with myself for an inspection. Ha, but I didn't really determine anything, only that I just need to run more and have more alone time and that sunrises and sunsets kick some serious A. Bedtime. God bless

 Is today only Monday? Dang... Soccer game tomorrow with Pam and Alison. "Yay Emily!" God bless

 Wow, I was reading my old blog posts from January last year... I was such a loser! I was such a whiny, pathetic crybaby relating my problems to anybody who was foolish enough to read my blog. Ha ha, I guess nothing's changed! My posts now are a lot shorter and with much more variance in subject matter. One year ago today I went to the boys' soccer game and had such a good time, and I went to Sam's house and then I and all the CFBC people who hated me watched Monty Python , which was good. I was a very emotionally unstable person at that time of the year, and as of then I had yet to commit the worst act of my life, which to this day conitinues to screw me over. Ah, innocence, how I long for thee. If I could go back and be a little kid again and have as much carefree fun as I used to, with my same friends and stuff, I certainly would. No offense to all of y'all who I wasn't friends with then, but I think I enjoyed my life a lot more back then. Ignorance really was bliss. But I think what I've learned from looking over my old posts is this: don't be a moron. Stop complaining about everything, you wussy loser. Get a grip on yourself and realize that bad things happen, but appreciate the good. And eventually, you will have to grow up- it's just going to happen and there's nothing you can do about it. I'll start my self-improvement today. God bless

 Today is blah. Just get me to next weekend, when I can dance with my fellow Escorts at the BK competition. Ha ha, we're gonna be so weird. Yet fun, too. What the heck is college? Get it away from me, I don't want it on me! Ewww, now the college is in my hair and on my clothes! Geez, now I have to shower... It's ok to be angry and never let go It only gets harder the more that you know When you get lonely if no one's around You know that I'll catch you when you're falling down We came together but you left alone And I know how it feels to walk out on your own Maybe someday I will see you again And you'll look me in my eyes and call me your friend Fork it. God bless

 Today sucked. Sure, it was a Friday. So what? I sucked crap in the mile time trial. What kinda shizz is 5:02? That was my best from last year, and I can hardly run it in a time trial this year... I'm ready to go away and never come back. It's over. I guess it was fun while it lasted. Well, the first of merely two weeks was fun. The second kinda blew, big time. Why am I even blogging? Everything is so dumb right now, and it's all because of my own stupidity a year ago. Freakin' A... God bless

 God... now there's a crazy fella for you. He messes with my mind on purpose, I know He does. But it's ok, I know He's got something going on behind the scenes that I don't know about, so I guess I'm cool with it all. Keep it up, Big Guy. Today just blew my mind. That's all there is to it, it was just a funky day. The soccer game was cool, but first 3 periods of school weren't. And PMS wasn't too bad today. I have too much PMS in my life as it is, but it was tolerable. Maybe next time I have to deal with PMS, I'll have more fun, and it will only last 2 and a half hours. Part of what made my night interesting: ludenscoughdrop5: im goooood ludenscoughdrop5: ran like 3 miles tonite Strikingly Ross: sweet ludenscoughdrop5: actually more Strikingly Ross: sweet! ludenscoughdrop5: with hills ludenscoughdrop5: yea it was tough ludenscoughdrop5: ran a loop around campus ludenscoughdrop5: had to take a crap so bad It's time to shower. I, the King of today's repeat 1200s, need a shower radio, so I can rock out while nude, and hopefully slip and fall and knock myself retarded. I wonder what you guys would do if that happened... probably not talk to me again, but I wouldn't blame you. It's not like I'd even remember any of you existed. I'm also going to Hell. And Colonel Warr signed me a pass today to go to Hell and Back. He never looks at those things. While working for PMS, I had to review a mortgage for a man named Milton Bradley. It was intense. God bless

 I don't know what to say. I really don't. I screwed up, and I screwed up big time, and that is the end of that. I'm suffering the consequences (repercussions, ramifications, whatever you'd like to call them) of the past, and I love it. That was a sarcastic love. Ain't nothing I can do about it now but learn from this experience... And what I've learned is simple: Don't tell people about your mistakes until you know they can understand that that's what it was, a mistake . And sometimes they're better off not knowing at all... I got school, then work, then probably no soccer game anymore, and so I'll be at home by 6, working on my forking LSU scholarship app that I despise doing and possibly an econ or stat project, too. I'm out of here. God bless

 Strikingly Ross: i love you, tyler TyW469: i love you too ross Ha ha, for the longest time Tyler thought my name really was Ross. Thanks, Fernando. Holy Snap. Interesting weekend, to be sure. But it all turned out OK. I think? You guys all know I'm not a bad apple, right? I don't really know what else to say, except that I swear I am not shady. Guess it's time for some of the country's best yogurt. God bless

 After I got home from an eventful night of corduroy pants-buying and hanging with cool Nee-lo from the block, I started watching television. And what did I turn the channel to but "American Pimp" on BET. It was really funny. It was about real-life pimps and stuff. Kinda weird, but at the same time, awesome. One guy at the end/recap said, "Nobody ain't lived 'til they pimped a 'ho." God, I love TV. God bless

