 Today was a tiring day I still hurt from the No Doubt, The Offspring, Weezer concert. I didn't feel like going to my first class today because I was in so much pain and so tired. Plus last class period we watched some video where this girl got raped and we were going to watch the rest of the video again, so I really didn't feel like going back to that class today. I took a very interesting test in Marketing class, I don't know how I did but I think I did pretty good. Well I'm still debating what I'm going to do this weekend. I either one go up to San Jose with the likiness of not finding the people I'm looking for, and if I do they'd be working or to busy to do anything. Or I stay here and do nothing but read the whole weekend. TOUGH DECISION. Plus I think my friend is backing out on me so it looks like the later of the two will happen. I've been contemplating many things lately and man life is tough. I wish people didn't have so many freaking problems. Too much stress to put off onto me. Tomorrow I'm going to do some laundry and hopefully not mess up the machines again. Just realized I haven't really bought any new CDs lately except for the Hey Baby single import. I miss buying CDs every Tuesday. Oh well, not any really good ones that have come out lately. My dorm room is a mess there are newspapers all over the floor. Maybe I should pick them up and put them in the recycling bin, but I'm too much in pain to do so. One month a way till I see No Doubt live again. Hopefully the pit at Universal ampitheatre won't be as bad. Well I can't think of anything else to say right now. Or even anything that is all amusing. Later ALL. JUST SAY NO to drugs that is.

 urlLink

 urlLink

 Hip hip Getting pushed left and right everything was out of my site got pushed all the way to the side where i could breath somewhere At crazy ass concert not having too much fun and it makes me feel like shit I wish I could kick someone ass Hip hip Getting back in the pit wasn't really worth a shit I got pushed and shoved side to side I almost thought I died So I decided to mosh around and pounce and pound but it made me sweaty and hurt like shit hip hip Then my favorite band comes on and everyone is pushing everyone and i'm almost 3 away from the front I almost got sunk underneath the mosh pit is where I almost ended up because of assholes and the rest of them peices of shit I left the mosh pit to get some rest from it I will never do that again In a pit as big as that with bunch of assholes and shit cause it almost killed my shit hip hip I might think of a better one spontaneously or later tomorrow.

 Well today has been an interesting day. I finally got all my no doubt tickets sold YEAH BABY!!!! Happy happy joy joy. MY friend Julia's RA bought the last pair I had left and is missing a test to go. How cool is that? She says No Doubt is her favorite band. Well tonight I'm going to the concert and I'm so stoked as you californians put it. hahaha. I hope they will let you take cameras in. Since I'm in the pit I might actually be able to get some good ones if they do allow cameras in. I'm going to the concert tonight with my friend CJ. He's pretty cool. He's the one who took me to the U2 concert with No Doubt in November 2001. This will be my 4th time to see No Doubt live. Maybe if we are clever and CJ doesn't mind we can get over to where they come out after the show and get some autographs and etc, or maybe we can do that even before the concert. This is going to be one bad ass concert, because it's Weezer, The Offspring, and then No Doubt. You can't find to many concert jammed with that many awesome bands. Note to self don't take cell phone in, it might get lost, stolen, etc. No more calling people during the concerts, darn. Also note to self, I need to go get some cash from the ATM before I go, so I can't get some cool ass shit at the concert. Ok I can't think of anything else to put up on here. I had some train of thoughts today but they sucked and i didn't feel like putting them up. Till next time "Do Well AND Doubt Not"

 I'm Jareth! I'm calculating and determined, and I may well burst into song for no reason. I want to get the girl, rule the kingdom, and wear tight pants. Ahhh, who doesn't? urlLink Take the "Which Labyrinth character are you most like?" quiz by urlLink urlLink smarmy

 urlLink

 Ok for today I thought I'd write the train of thought I had in Mass Communications class. No one is excepting Everyone will go away No more "Hey there" or "What's up" Just looks and stares Like they are saying "What are you all about", "What is wrong with you" "Don't you know what you are doing is not cool" It's wrong It's immoral It's so not you What went wrong with you? What did you do to step to the other side and change your tune? We'd always suspected We always thought about it But never though that is what you were all about What happened? What did we do wrong? For you to stray away and go for so long Was it us letting you wear the guys clothes and having short hair Or letting you do whatever without little care Was it the fact let you get your opinions your own way? The hurt from these words and these thoughts pain me inside That's why I will always run and hide and keep my feeling and thoughts away from those whom care Because the repercussions would be to harsh to bare and no one would no longer care Out of the lives if all my friends and family no longer with my old identity.

 Well, This certainly has been on interesting week. Man you learn something new everyday about people, persons, or things. I went to Knotts Berry Farms this past weekend, didn't take too many pictures since we didn't have a third person with us. However I did take a few and bought the picture of me and my friend Julia, San Diego, on the Ghostrider, which is one fucking cool rollercoaster. I had so much fun on it I was laughing my ass off. You can even ask my friend whom was screaming the whole time and she will tell you I was uncontrolably laughing. When I'm having fun I LOVE to laugh, and man I certainly had some fun on that ride. I'd have to say it was way better then the Timber Wolf back home. However, the Timber Wolf has much bigger hills. There weren't man still rollercoasters at Knotts which is a bit of a disapointment. The other rollercoaster I really enjoyed was Montezooma's Revenge, even though i was scared shitless before I got on it. Some other rides I enjoyed was the Grand Slammer. My friend Julia was like freaking scared of it. I don't know why, because it only just goes up and around it's not like it goes upside down. She wouldn't even go on the Ferris Wheel and the one they have at Knott's is much smaller then the one at World's of Fun back home. We also went on the Hammerhead and man that was like the craziest thing I've ever done it's crazier then the Omegatron back home. This has no caging over you and you go upside down and all around up high. I have marks from the harness that's how crazy it was. I was disapointed that a few rides were not open like the Boomerang and Perilous Plunge. Don't know why they were closed.I also got totally drenched on Bigfoot,whereas my friend didn't. Man was really freezing cold for the rest of the nigh that was left. The Jaguar was the big disapointment of the day. It was closed for most of the day and when it did open and we rode it, it sucked ass. The old Zam Bee Z Zinger back home was more fun then that. We however did not ride the Supreme Scream reason being I can't stand standstill heights and that's just too much of a standstill height for me. If someone could tell me what Headspin i and where it is located I'd like to know cause I never saw it. Also there were a lot of rides where u squish people and guess who was the one who got squished. YEP YEP It was me, because me being the fat overweight person that I am I had to always sit on the outside. I got Julia back once on a ride where the didn't say anything about that though. HAHAHA. She was begging for mercy and I was doing goig with the motions of letting me squish her since earlier her elbow was like poking me painfully to death. I swear it felt like a big huge metal pole was being poke into my side. So That was a great day and early night. When I got back to school I found out somethings I was suprised to find out which kind of brought the mood back down for me. The one reason why I wanted to go to Knotts this weekend was to cheer my spirits up and it did so but only momentarily, go figure. Just when I was going to ask something very important things just went bad. Oh well that's my life for you. Another thing that was and is still brining me down is that I can't seem to get rid of these tickets to the No Doubt, Weezer, Offpsring concert which is this Tuesday. It seems no one wants to pay face value for them. Oh well I shall try my best to get rid of them. Until tomorrow I leave you with this line from a Ben Folds Five song called "Smoke" Now its smoke The things were written in it never really happened all of the people come and gone never really lived all the people have come and gone

 urlLink What Pattern Are You?

 urlLink You're all happy-bubbly, highly optimistic, and disgustingly sweet. Airhead? Maybe, considering you contain about 80% air.

 urlLink

 Today was boring day. I got up at like 5:30 thanks to a certain someone IMing me. Also this certain person sort of bummed me out too. Oh well, on with the rest of the day. Today in my Intercultural Communications class we had to get some ideas for what movie we are going, so I just said I'd think I might do Disturbing Behavior. Hopefully it will go ok, and I'll do good on the paper. Then my other classes I almost slept through. I had lovely chicken strips with ranch dressing today for lunch. Then took a long ass nap. I didn't wake up till Saved By the Bell came on at 4. Man I'm good at waking up at the right time huh? Tonight I'm taking the test for radio. I hope I kick ass on it so I can get the time slot I want for my show. If you have any request of songs I should play let me know. I might not have the CDs of the bands you people like though. I shall try my best though. I'm really getting into the new Lit CD, I know it's not that new anymore but it's still fairly new. A lot of great songs are on that CD. And No, I'm not really getting into the CD because of who bought it for me, It's just that it has a lot of great songs on there. I also made a lovely little card for someone, alright it's not a card but it means well, but I'm sure the person will enjoy it. Hopefully the person whose coming to go pick things up this weekend will actually come, because if he doesn't then I'll be mad and one person might be upset they don't get my lovely gifts, letters, and cards. Well that's all I have or right now

 Today was another day of ups and downs. I was happy, I was sad. I love hearing these lovely mp3s shawn keeps sending me. Wish he'd send me some pictures too. I have no new new pictures up today, because I was to lazy to upload the new pictures. Maybe one day I'll get my old site up and working and kicking ass. I'm so idiotic with websites. Hot chocolate is good especially with whipped cream. Random thoughts. Speaking of random thoughts. I think tomorrow I'll put up some of my train of thoughts I have during classes. They are really intersting. Some people even think they are really good. Personally I think they are retarded, but oh well if you are that bored then ok. Almost a week a way from No Doubt, The Offspring, and Weezer. I hope someone soon buys my extra tickets for that concert. Well that's all I have to say for today.

 urlLink

 Today was an interesting day. First it started off by asking someone out, just out of curiousity because I don't think I could ever date this person because it'd be unfair to them. Then later in the day I went to do laundry I think I overloaded the washer it stopped working. So it was loaded with water and there is a huge puddle of water by th machines. Then I went to dry them and they didn't dry. I think I broke the machines. I sure hope I didn't though. :( I took some pictures of my dorm room the other day on the suckiest day of the year valentine's day. Here are some of them. I hope you can see all those lovely pics and I'm going upload some more in a few.

 If you didn't already know the New Rage Against the Machine broke up so they will not be performing at Ozzfest anymore. But go to Ozzfest.com and put your two cents into who you think should take their place on the main stage. urlLink Also I think I'm going to eventually update and fix my old webpage again, since nobody love me, I figure I'll put my energy and time into that instead of into people who basically don't have time for me. BTW if you have a 1995- 1997 Chevy Cavalier that has been a recall on them. It has to deal with the engine and the battery. So If you've never had those two replaced, I'd highly suggest you go to your nearest Chevy dealer and have that looked at. Also listen for a clicking sound as you turn the ignition on especially if you can't get it to start. If it does that remove the key and get the hell out of there because if you hear a click and can't get it to start a engine fire could occur.

 Hey dudes I just got back from the No Doubt concert here is the set list from the Universal Show night one March 27th or at least I'm pretty sure that's how it went not neccesarily in exact order. PS if anyone can buy me th Red long sleeve shirt in an XL I'd greatly appreciate it because they ran out of XLs It's 35 bucks I will pay you ASAP, Thanks Rock Steady (Intro) Hella Good Sunday Morning Ex-Girlfriend Underneath It All Different People Bathwater New Happy Now? Don't Let Me Down In My Head Simple Kind of Life Detective Don't Speak Hey Baby Just a Girl Rocksteady Total Hate Spiderwebs

 You're my distance destination of choice I'd give anything Just to hear your voice I could have passed you on the street Without saying a word Most times I miss the voice that goes unheard What if I missed you You got caught in the sun What if I did something Never to be undone People everywhere How could I be sure If it's you That I have been looking for What would it take for me To be comfortable With you, with me You're the chosen one What if I missed you You got caught in the sun What if I did something Never to be undone You are there for me This I hope and pray You will wait for me I won't be too late What if I missed you You got caught in the sun What if I did something Never to be undone Will you wait for me Will I be too late this time You are there for me This I hope and pray Course of Nature - Caught in The Sun

 Ozzfest tour date have finally been anounced along with the full line up. On The main stage will be Ozzy, SOAD, POD, Adema, The new Rage Against the Machine, Drowning Pool, and opening on the main stage the Zkk Wylde's Black Label Society. Rob Zombie will headline the second stage. Other bands schedule to perform are Soil, the Lost Prophets, 3rd Strikes, Meshuggah, Apex Thoery, Otep, Seether, Glassjaw, Used, Ill Nino, Chevelle, Flaw, Mushroomhead, Pules Ultra, and Neurotica. Also the WWF wrestlers will be appearing at Ozzfest and siging autographs, just like several of the bands on this years tour will be doing also. However the WWF will be sponsoring the mainstage and several WWF superstars will introduce bands on the mainstage. Dates are as follows July 6 Bristow, Va. Nissan Pavilion July 7 Pittsburgh, Pa. Post-Gazette Pavilion July 10 New York, N.Y. Jones Beach July 12 Camden, N.J. Tweeter Center July 13 Hartford, Conn. Cdnow.com Amph. July 19 Holmdel, N.J. PNC Center July 24 Raleigh, N.C. Alltel Pavilion July 26 West Palm Beach, Fla. Mars Music Amph. July 28 Atlanta, Ga. Hi-Fi Buys Amph. Aug. 3 Columbus, Ohio Polaris Amph. Aug. 4 Indianapolis, Ind. Verizon Amph. Aug. 7 Clarkston, Mich. DTE Energy Center Aug. 10 Chicago, Ill. Tweeter Center Aug. 11 East Troy, Wis. Alpine Valley Aug. 13 Cleveland, Ohio Blossom Music Center Aug. 15 Cincinnati, Ohio Riverbend Amph. Aug. 17 Somerset, Wis. Float-Rite Park Aug. 19 St. Louis, Mo. Riverport Amph. Aug. 20 Kansas City, Mo. Sandstone Amph. Aug. 22 Denver, Colo. Pepsi/City Lights Aug. 25 Sacramento, Calif. Sacramento Valley Amph. Aug. 27 George, Wash. The Gorge Aug. 29 Mountain View, Calif. Shoreline Amph. Aug. 31 San Bernardino, Calif. Glen Helen Blockbuster Pavilion Sept. 5 Phoenix, Ariz. Cricket Pavilion Sept. 7 San Antonio, Tex. Verizon Wireless Amph. Sept. 8 Dallas, Tex. Smirnoff Amph.

 Today's Warped Tour band is Lucky 7 This a great pop punk band from San Diego, California. They are 4 piece outfit, whos first CD Miss Fortune in 1998. They are huge on MP3.com and have one of the largest street teams of 5,000 members going strong, which I happen to be one of them. They are a band you should definately check out on the Warped Tour. These are the dates they will playing on this years Warped Tour 3/29/02 QLD Gold Coast Gold Coast Parklands 3/30/02 NSW Coffs Harbour Coffs Harbour Showground 4/1/02 NSW Ulladulla Ulladulla Milton 4/4/02 VIC Mornington Peninsula Mornington Race Club 4/5/02 SA Adelaide Adelaide Memorial Drive 4/6/02 VIC Melbourne Flemington Race Club 4/7/02 NSW Sydney Dee Why Beach The dates for the US summer portion of the Warped Tour have yet to be announced but when they are I'll let you know.

 I am a Scorched Earth Tank . When I have a mission, it consumes me; I will not be satisfied until the job is done. I have a strong sense of duty, and a strong sense of direction. Changes in the tide don't phase me - I always know which way the wind blows, and I know how to compensate for it. I get on poorly with people like myself. What Video Game Character Are You?

 Another tour to check this summer will be the Ozzfest. Not many bands have been confirmed yet for the 2002 Ozzfest. Today 3rd Strike was added to the list of bands so far. These bands so far are going to be at Ozzfest; Ozzy, System of a Down, Black Label Society, Onesidezero, Soil, Drowning Pool, and 3rd Strike. No clue as to which stages what bands will be on but I'm pretty sure Ozzy, System of a Down, and Drowning Pool will definately be on the mainstage.

 Today's Warped Tour band is urlLink Alkaline Trio . Is a great 3 piece punk band that is from various places around the US, California, Michigan, and Illinois. They've been playing gigs since 1997 and their biggest gigs were on last summer's Blink 182 tour. These guys are a really talented band who can pump a crowd up and I'm sure they will be one of the favorites at this year's Warped Tour. They will be playing the following dates on the Warped Tour this year 6/21/02 ID Nampa (Boise) Idaho Center Amphitheater 6/22/02 UT Salt Lake City Utah State Fairpark 6/23/02 CO Brighton (Denver) Adams County Fairground 6/25/02 NE Omaha Westfare Amphitheater Lot 6/26/02 MO St Louis Riverport Amphitheater 6/27/02 KS Bonner Springs (Kansas City) Sandstone Amphitheater Lot 6/28/02 TX Dallas Lone Star Park or Smirnoff Music Center Lot 6/29/02 TX Houston Woodlands Lot or Astro Arena Lot 6/30/02 TX San Antonio Verizon Wireless Amphitheater or The Meadows 7/2/02 AZ Phoenix Peoria Sports Complex 7/3/02 CA Chula Vista (San Diego) Coors Amphitheatre Lot 7/5/02 NV Las Vegas Thomas & Mack Lot 7/6/02 CA Soda Springs (Lake Tahoe) Boreal Ski Area 7/7/02 CA Fresno Tulare County Fairgrounds 7/10/02 CA Pomona Los Angeles County Fairgrounds 7/11/02 CA Los Angeles Los Angeles Memorial County Fairgrounds 7/12/02 CA Ventura Seaside Park 7/13/02 CA San Francisco Pac Bell Park Lot 7/14/02 CA San Francisco Pac Bell Park Lot 7/17/02 AB Calgary Race City Speedway 7/19/02 BC Vancouver Thunderbird Stadium 7/20/02 WA Quincy (Seattle) Gorge Amphitheater 7/22/02 MT Billings Oscars Park Amphitheater 7/23/02 ND Fargo Fargo Dome Field 7/24/02 WI Millwaukee Rave Ballroom Grounds / Marcus Amphitheater from Chicago 7/25/02 IN Noblesville (Indianapolis) Deer Creek Music Center 7/26/02 OH Cleveland Nautica Stage 7/27/02 IL Tinley Park (Chicago) World Music Theater 7/28/02 MN Minneapolis Metrodome Parking Lot 7/30/02 KY Sparta (Cincinnati) Tiger Stadium 7/31/02 TN Nashville Am South 8/1/02 GA Atlanta Hi Fi Buys Amphitheater 8/2/02 FL Orlando Central Florida Fairgrounds 8/3/02 FL Miami Pompano Field 8/4/02 FL Tampa USF Soccer Field 8/6/02 NC Charlotte Verizon Wireless Pavillion 8/7/02 VA Virgnia Beach Verizon Amphitheater Lot 8/8/02 VA Bristow (Washington D.C.) Nissan Pavillion Lot 8/9/02 NJ Camden (Philadelphia) Tweeter Entertainment Center 8/10/02 NY New York City Randall's Island 8/11/02 NJ Asbury Park Asbury Park Lot 8/13/02 PA Pittsburgh IC Light Amphitheater 8/14/02 NY Buffalo La Salle Park 8/15/02 MA Boston Suffolk Downs 8/16/02 Quebec Montreal Pare Des Iles 8/17/02 Ontario Barrie (Toronto) Molson Park 8/18/02 MI Pontiac (Detroit) Tiger Stadium Lot

 Today's Warped Tour band is urlLink Agent 51 . They are a pretty cool punk band from San Diego. Have been playing as a band for five years and were formerly known as Area 51. They have big strong fan base in San Diego and have in the past been nominated for a few awards at the San Diego Music Awards. They are confirmed to be apart of this years Warped Tour but the dates they will be playing isn't confirmed quite yet so keep a look out at either urlLink warpedtour.com or urlLink warpedtour2002.com . To download some mp3's by Agent 51 check out urlLink Agent 51 mp3s

 Today I found out whose is going to be on Warped Tour this year and when it's going to be held. Like last years Warped Tour I think this one will definately kick ass also. Here are the Tour dates and the bands who will be playing 28 Days Adelaide show support Agent 51 Alkaline Trio All Allister Area 7 Bad Religion Belvedere Blueline Medic Bodyjar Bum Ruckus Coff Harbour show support Counterfit Curl Up and Die Divit Dynamite Boy Eskimo Joe Finch Five Iron Frenzy Flogging Molly For Amusement Only From Autumn To Ashes Glasseater Gob Gold Cost show support Good Charlotte Guttermouth Home Grown HOPE Hot Water Music Jersey Lagwagon Lucky 7 Melbourne show support Mi6 Midtown Morgan Heritage Mornington show support MxPx Never Heard Of It New Found Glory No Use For A Name NoFX One Dollar Short Over It Ozma Pennywise Planet Smashers Quarashi Recover Reel Big Fish Riddlin' Kids Rx Bandits Second Best Simple Plan Sloppy Meateaters Smackin Isaiah Small Brown Bike Something Corporate Stretch Arm Strong Subb Sunk Loto Sw1tched Sydney show support The Casualties The Eye Liners The Getaway The Mad Dash The Mighty Mighty Bosstones The Movielife The Starting Line The Vandals Throwdown Thursday Toe To Toe Tsunami Bomb Ulladulla show support Unearth Useless I.D. Will Haven Date City Venue Fri 03/29/02 Gold Coast, AUS Parklands Sat 03/30/02 Coffs Harbour, AUS Coffs Harbour Showground Mon 04/01/02 Ulladulla, AUS Milton Showgrounds Wed 04/03/02 Mornington Peninsula, AUS Mornington Race Club Fri 04/05/02 Adelaide, AUS Memorial Drive Sat 04/06/02 Melbourne, AUS Flemington Racecourse Sun 04/07/02 Sydney, AUS Dee Why Beach ( James Meehan Res.) Fri 06/21/02 Nampa, ID Idaho Center Amphitheatre Sat 06/22/02 Salt Lake City, UT Utah State Fairgrounds Sun 06/23/02 Brighton, CO Adams Co. Fairgrounds Tue 06/25/02 Council Bluffs, IA Westfair Amphitheatre Wed 06/26/02 Maryland Heights, MO UMB Bank Pavilion Thu 06/27/02 Bonner Springs, KS Sandstone Amphitheatre Fri 06/28/02 Dallas, TX Smirnoff Music Centre Sat 06/29/02 Houston, TX Reliant Center Sun 06/30/02 Selma, TX Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre Tue 07/02/02 Peoria, AZ Peoria Sports Complex wed 07/03/02 Chula Vista, CA Coors Amphitheatre Fri 07/05/02 Las Vegas, NV Thomas & Mack Center Parking Lot Sat 07/06/02 Lake Tahoe, CA Boreal Ridge Resort Sun 07/07/02 Tulare, CA Tulare County Fairgrounds Wed 07/10/02 Los Angeles, CA Los Angeles Mem. Coliseum Thu 07/11/02 Los Angeles, CA Los Angeles Mem. Coliseum Fri 07/12/02 Ventura, CA Seaside Park Sat 07/13/02 San Francisco, CA Pier 30 / 32 Sun 07/14/02 San Francisco, CA Pier 30 / 32 Wed 07/17/02 Calgary, AB Race City Speedway Fri 07/19/02 Vancouver, BC Thunderbird Stadium Sat 07/20/02 George, WA The Gorge Mon 07/22/02 Billings, MT Oscar's Park Tue 07/23/02 Fargo, ND Fargodome Wed 07/24/02 Milwaukee, WI Marcus Amphitheatre Thu 07/25/02 Noblesville, IN Verizon Wireless Music Center Fri 07/26/02 Cleveland, OH Nautica Stage Sat 07/27/02 Tinley Park, IL Tweeter Center Sun 07/28/02 Minneapolis, MN HHH Metrodome Parking Lot Tue 07/30/02 Columbus, OH PromoWest Pavilion Wed 07/31/02 Cincinnati, OH Firstar Center Thu 08/01/02 Atlanta, GA HiFi Buys Amphitheatre Fri 08/02/02 Orlando, FL Central Florida Fairgrounds Sat 08/03/02 Pompano Beach, FL Pompano Field Sun 08/04/02 Tampa, FL USF Soccer Field Mon 08/05/02 Jacksonville, FL Jacksonville Raceways Tue 08/06/02 Charlotte, NC Verizon Wireless Amp. Charlotte Wed 08/07/02 Virginia Beach, VA Verizon Wireless Virginia Bch. Amp. Thu 08/08/02 Bristow, VA Nissan Pavilion Fri 08/09/02 Camden, NJ Tweeter Center At The Waterfront Sat 08/10/02 New York, NY Randalls Island Sun 08/11/02 Asbury Park, NJ Asbury Park Lot Tue 08/13/02 Pittsburgh, PA Amphitheatre At Station Square Wed 08/14/02 Buffalo, NY La Salle Park Thu 08/15/02 Boston, MA Suffolk Downs Fri 08/16/02 Montreal, QC Parc Des Illes Sat 08/17/02 Barrie, ON Molson Park Sun 08/18/02 Pontiac, MI To Be Announced Hopefully I'll get to go this year but it's unfortunately on a Thursday and I'll be having summer school classes. :'(

 urlLink

 It's really sad when you get rejected by someone you truly love and they supposedly love you too just the same. Oh well, that's life for you. You just pick of the pieces and move on and go on with the rest of your life the best way you know how. Well it's not the first, I guess you get use to rejection after a while. However it really hurts because I thought this person truly liked me and loved me. Oh well, I'm stupid I should have know better that it probably wouldn't have happened and it wouldn't work. :( "Those who like it try, but those who want it actually succeed"

 urlLink You are the classic yellow squeeky toy. urlLink Find your inner rubber ducky.

 You're Brad Pitt. You're not really a vampire, but you play one in a movie. urlLink Find your inner vampire.

 urlLink I love you man. You are probably the drink with the most fan clubs ever. A lot of people depend of you and your caffeine content to keep them up all night. Others are just addicted. urlLink Find your inner cola.

 Well this weekend was an interesting one. I went with my friend Julia up to San Jose, because I was sick and tired of them supposed people saying "Oh I'm coming down there" and blah blah blah. I did what I said I was going to do and if the pictures work, there is my proof I was there. Finding a motel/hotel was a bit hard, but we eventually found one. It cost me about 100 bucks for one freaking night but oh well. I didn't see this supposed house these people live in our anything except their freaking school. I really feel like a total idiot now, and the most gulible person in the world. Everyone thought that I was joking when I said I was going to come up there. What am I to people some big freaking joke? I don't think so at least when I say I'm going to do something or go and do something, I do it and you can't take my word for it and take it to the bank, unlike you people who say you are going to do something and you don't. At least I can look myself in the mirror and say hey my word is good and I keep to my word. You can put it all off on me all you want. You can say I was the idiot cause I didn't have an exact address, or it's not safe to do. San Jose is not as bad as most places I've been to. In fact San Jose, at least the part you all live in, is tame very tame. But I did what I said I was going to do and now I have nothing left to prove to anyone or anything. It's all over now and that's all I have to say for now. Now I'll leave everyone one with some final lyrics "Flake" Jack Johnson I know she said it's alright But you can make it up next time I know she knows it's not right There ain't no use in lying Maybe she thinks I know something Maybe maybe she thinks its fine Maybe she knows something I don't I'm so, I'm so tired, I'm so tired of trying It seems to me that maybe It pretty much always means no So don't tell me you might just let it go And often times we're lazy It seems to stand in my way Cause no one no not no one Likes to be let down I know she loves the sunrise No longer sees it with her sleeping eyes And I know that when she said she's gonna try Well it might not work because of other ties and I know she usually has some other ties And I wouldn't want to break 'em, nah, I wouldn't want to break 'em Maybe she'll help me to untie this but Until then well, I'm gonna have to lie too It seems to me that maybe It pretty much always means no So don't tell me you might just let it go And often times we're lazy It seems to stand in my way Cause no one no not no one Likes to be let down It seems to me that maybe It pretty much always means no So don't tell me you might just let it go The harder that you try baby, the further you'll fall Even with all the money in the whole wide world Please please please don't pass me Please please please don't pass me Please please please don't pass me by Everything you know about me now baby you gonna have to change You gonna have to call it by a brand new name Please please please don't drag me Please please please don't drag me Please please please don't drag me down Just like a tree down by the water baby I shall not move Even after all the silly things you do Please please please don't drag me Please please please don't drag me Please please please don't drag me down

 No Doubt, No Doubt

 Please Vote on My No Doubt Rocksteady Poll. The wining song on my poll for this album I'll play on my radio show, that is if we ever get to do our radio shows :( Rock Steady

 Stress have over come me. Papers due up the ass. Making presentations for class. Getting ready for finals and having to pack everything up in my room I just can't handle it anymore. My eyes are about to bug out and my head is going to explode. I really don't know what I'm going to do. Ugh, well back to my miserable life.

 You're Uncle Fester! urlLink Take The Addams Family Test Here!

 urlLink Take The Mu$ic Biz Whore Test

 urlLink *Take This Test!*

 urlLink Take The Hair Bear Bunch Test!

 urlLink *Take This Test!*

 urlLink *Take The Wacky Racers Test!*

 urlLink

 urlLink *Take This Test!*

 urlLink Take The Scooby-Doo Test!

 urlLink Take The Ice Cream Flavour Test!*

 urlLink *Take The Gap Toothed Celebrity Test!*

 urlLink urlLink Find out which LifeSaver you are.

 You're the lego Space Man! Strap on your helmet! You're the lego space man! You love technology, and look forward to the future. You're brave, active, and strangely attracted to shiny objects. urlLink Take the "What Lego character are you?" test! by urlLink ctbx

 Which Video Game Console are you? brought to you by Stan Ryker

 urlLink Which Weezer Song are You?

 urlLink

 urlLink I'm the plain classic brown Doc Marten... I'm mellow, down to earth, and a little on the conservative side urlLink Which Doc Marten are you? (by urlLink *coffeebean* )

 urlLink

 urlLink You enjoy telling simple stories in complicated ways, and at times, people want to smack you around. You're not a boring person, but people don't tend to label you as exciting. You like earthy tones and enjoy your sleep, you rebel. People tend to mislabel you, and dammit, you're tired of it. If you're going to be labeled, you'll do it yourself. Hey, there's a plan. No more being called a cannibal after the unfortunate incident of misunderstood cover art. I do not roast babies in my wok, thank you very much. urlLink Which Smashing Pumpkins album are you?

 I'm urlLink Rogue urlLink What X-Men Character are You?

 You are: 40% Raver Geek You are mostly a raver. You know your way around a computer, but you would rather be out partying and dancing than sitting around typing on a keyboard. urlLink Take This Quiz @ Space Monkey Mafia dot com

 urlLink Others see you as fresh, lively, charming, amazing, practical, and always interesting. someone who is constantly the center of attention, but sufficiently well-balanced not to let it go to their head. They also see you as kind, considerate, and understanding, someone who'll always cheer them up and help them out.

 Take the What Will Your Result To This Quiz Be? Quiz by napoleonherself , if you are so inclined.

 urlLink

 Take the Monopoly Piece Quiz !

 urlLink

 urlLink come take the which pop slut are you? urlLink quiz

 How awesome is this I get to see Save Ferris two times in one week. :) Too bad I'll have to change my time for my radio show that Saturday because of that concert. Oh well that concert on the Saturday is here on campus. I'm sure I'll have fun. Any suggestions on what the first song I should play on my very first radio show. If you have any suggestions or ideas let me know @ beaconstreetnd@aol.com. Well that's all I have to say for now. 4 more weeks and then I'm going back home to Missouri for 3 months.

 urlLink

 Your browser does not support floating frames. Please go to urlLink the Lit newsring for the latest Lit news.

 urlLink urlLink Which Hacker's Character Are You? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 urlLink urlLink Which Buffy Guy Are You? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 urlLink urlLink Are you a ho? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 urlLink urlLink Who's Your Movie Sidekick? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 urlLink urlLink Who's Your 80s Movie Icon Alter-Ego? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 urlLink urlLink Who's Your 80s Movie Icon Alter-Ego? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 urlLink urlLink Who's Your Inner Music Industry Diva? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 urlLink urlLink Who's Your Inner Music Industry Diva? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 urlLink urlLink Who are you? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 urlLink urlLink Which Action Star Are You? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 urlLink urlLink Who's Your Inner Buffy Bad-Girl? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 urlLink urlLink What's Your Style? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 urlLink urlLink Would you survive a horror movie? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 Man is my life boring. I'm so bored and too lazy to study for marketing test I decided to do bunch of stupid tests to occupy my time and to possible try to get me to relax.

 Take the urlLink What Should Your New Year's Resolution Be? Quiz

 If I was an Autobot, I'd be: urlLink src="http://android5.com/misc/tests/autobot/ironhide.gif" alt="Click to see what Autobot you could be!"> Take the urlLink Transformers personality test at android5.com!

 I'm a Ska fangirl Yeah yeah...most of the good bands either broke up or sold out, but I still enjoy SKAnkin' up a storm. urlLink What kind of fangirl are you?

 Youre Michelle Branch! Youre the girl nextdoor type of gal. Youve got a down-to-earth feel about you, and youre not afraid to be original. Youre still trying to find yourplace in life, but that doesnt mean youre not enjoying the trip. Rich and famous? Sure! But youre not gonna let that go to your head. ;D urlLink What Kind of Pop Princess Are You? Quiz by urlLink Jonah

 urlLink

 I tashte like Alcohol . Heh. Heh. I taste like beer. I like beer. Buy me a beer. I'm not drunk, I can drink plenty without... What was I saying? Beer. What Flavour Are You?

 urlLink

 Green You are a very calm and contemplative person. Others are drawn to your peaceful, nurturing nature. Find out your color at Stvlive.com!

 urlLink What is your meaning of life?

 PG-13 Now we're getting somewhere - your actions are now past pre-teen level, and you're beginning to display some more mature content in your life "Which Movie Classification Are You?" Test created by urlLink Jamie - take it urlLink here .

 urlLink

 > urlLink urlLink Which Buff Girl Are You? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 urlLink

 Your browser does not support floating frames. Please go to urlLink the 311 newsring for the latest 311 news.

 urlLink

 urlLink

 Your browser does not support floating frames. Please go to urlLink the Sum 41 newsring for the latest Sum 41 news.

 61% addicted to SmarterChild. How about you?

 41% SEVERELY ADDICTED to Instant Messenger. How about you?

 57% addicted to Instant Messenger. How about you?

 Man I really need to go and buy a new diary to write in. The one I have is full, and has been that way for a while. So much has been going on lately and I really need to write it down. I would write it here but people i know well read this ocasionally, and it's not something I want them reading. Today was a boring day. I got up at like 6 am because the sun was shining in my room since I have the window fan in it so I can't put the blinds down. So I got online and watched Saved By The Bell the College years on TBS. Only one persn I talk to online got online while I was trying to doing something to keep me from being bored. Then I went back to bed after and hr or so. Then I woke up and called for orientation times for my aerobics class I'm taking this summer. Then I took a lovely shower got dressed and got some lunch at Taco Bell. Then watched some TV and fell a sleep. Then I woke up and it was time for dinner. Dinner sucked and then I went back to my room to watch TV. Then I got some ice cream which melted as soon as I scooped it out. It was great. Then I listened to the radio for a while. Then I got online again. Of course no one was online. Then I'm online now and nothing is going on and no one is on or around. So my day has been a bore. Tomorrow I'm off to orientation that starts at 11:30. Then the rest of the day is open. I know this probably the most boring and stupidest blog every but oh well. Later

 Hoobastank Running Away I don't want you to give it all up and leave your own life collecting dust and I don't want you to feel sorry for me you never gave us a chance to be And I don't need you to be by my side and tell me that everythings all right I just wanted you to tell me the truth You know I'd do that for you So why are you running away? Why are you running away? I did enough to show you that I was willing to give and sacrafice and I was the one who was lifting you up when you thought your life had had enough when I get close you turn away, nothing that I can do or say so now I need you to tell me the truth you know I would do that for you So why are you running away? Why are you running away? Is it me? Is it you? Nothing that I can do To make you change your mind Is it me? Is it you? Nothing that I can do Is it a waste of time? Is it me? Is it you? Nothing that I can do to make you change your mind So why are you running away? Why are you running away? (What is it I have to say?) So why are you running away? (To make you admit you're afraid) Why are you running away?

 Stabbing Westward Title: Lies Album: Ungod [ Your soul a pit of stone, the depths I wish I could have known Dangerous, black and full of spite, thoughts of you fill my night But now we lay naked on the floor I'm lost, I'm drowning in your soul I was searching for some answer in your eyes I find malicious laughter and a love that has died You are haunting my reality Your lies are the only truth that I believe You are haunting my reality Now everytime I think about you I die Hatred runs through me marrow deep I long to tear your eyes out in your sleep This passion can lead to evil crimes Do I kill you or do I choose to die? Acid burn etched in my brain Someone dies before I go insane I was searching for some answer in your eyes I find malicious laughter and a love that has died You are haunting my reality Your lies are the only truth that I believe You are haunting my reality Now everytime I think about you I die Lies Soon now you'll be gone I wish to God I could've known I love you I hate you every night This longing for your soul has got me scared But now we lay naked on the floor I'm lost, i'm drowning in your soul I was searching for some answer in your eyes I find malicious laughter, hate and lies fucking lies You are haunting my reality Your lies are the only truth that I believe You are haunting my reality Now everytime I think about you I die [repeat] Lies

 Staind "Just Go" I'm kinda numb It's so distorted You left me here with this damage that you've caused My tortured faces I've fucked up places In my memories none of them I've lost, but... I haven't been here long enough to know Everytime I feel this I just lose control Such a cancer on the face of everything that's beautiful I wish that this would just go, go. It's kinda sick I feel so dirty I'm kinda tragic kinda insecure But I know that I'm the only One that can fix whatever's wrong I'm sure, but... I haven't been here long enough to know Everytime I feel this I just lose control Such a cancer on the face of everything that's beautiful I wish that this would just go, go. I feel so alone From all I've become I'll take you down I'll feel so down I'm water while you drown You're lifted while I'm down I'm cancer in your womb I'm the needle in your spoon, but... I haven't been here long enough to know Everytime I feel this I just lose control Such a cancer on the face of everything that's beautiful I wish that this would just go, go. Just Just Just Just go Go Go All these fucking (lies 3x) All your fucking (lies 3x)

 I'm in a very bad mood. I feel like reciting lyrics from songs that deal with people whom lie. Now all I got to do is find them

 People become guilty when they don't talk. People become even more guilty when they disappear. How can you believe a person when they lie to you. Not just a little lie but a big lie. They think it won't hurt anyone and they will be forgiven. So they dissapear for a while just like everyone else who supposedly exists, making the one party left look like they are making everyone and everything up. Then they get online but never apologize to the person. So the one person who gets to be accused of being guilty gets baggered more and more about being guilty for making people up. Are people stupid or what? They obviously don't care about their "friends" to let them take all the shit for it. Oh well I don't have to live with that.

 urlLink Which Talk Soup host are you?

 urlLink Which Star-Crossed Marvel Lover Are You?

 If I were a sappy movie ballad, I would be My Heart Will Go Onfrom TitanicIncurring the wrath of both casual radio listeners and audiophiles the world over, I managed to get played every hour on the hour on every radio station the world over. It seems that my appeal will go on, and on, and on, and on....What sappy movie ballad are you?

 urlLink See what Rugrat you are.

 Ahh, you are "Velveta Shells and Cheese". You are expensive, no denying this, but its the price you pay for quality. You don't even require other food supplies. Water and a pan is all you need to get by. That silver bag your cheese comes in looks like something out of the 23rd century, but it's cool! And those crevices in the shells hold the cheese so well... You Rock! Take the urlLink What Kind of Macaroni and Cheese Are You? Quiz Created by LJ User RobProv222

 urlLink Take the Which Elvis Are You? quiz , made by .

 So I didn't do what I was going to do. That's a first. I usually do what I say I'm going to do. Oh well everyone does that to me. They say one thing then they don't do it or they lie about it. But seriously I think I've given up on giving a damn about anyone else but me. Too many people have lied to me or claimed to be my friends. They act oblivious to the fact that they continually let me down or really freaking hurt my feelings. Well I have to figure out something to do online to occupy my lousy time.

 Well this will be my last blog entry because I've decided there is no point to living anymore. I have no friends and no one gives a fuck about me so I decided to stop wasting space on this earth. So long to everyone. Goodbye.

 urlLink

 I'm back in Missouri. What a bore. Everything is going bad. Even the British Bulldog Davey Boy Smith died at the age of 39, :(. What else will happen. Plus no one is talking to me. Oh well I'll be cleaning and rearranging my room at home. When I'm done I'll take some pictures and upload them to the site.

 Well this will be my last entry for a while. Today I turn in my ethernet card after my last final for the semester. So I hope everyone is doing well and has a nice day. See you all in about 4 to 5 days. BTW I really miss you C and love you a lot.

 Well one more final to go then I'm done for the semester. Basically everything in my room is packed up now. Now I'll have to do is some vaccuming and dusting. Then I'll have to clean the bathroom. Then back home to Missouri I go. You know them space air bags. That you vaccum out all the air to make more space? Well one of th new ones my mom used didn't work. Ugh My mom is going to be mad. That's nothing new.

 Well today is my final for Intercultural Communication. I really don't get this class. We write papers about crap he doesn't explain well. I guess I'll just BS my way through it like normal. It's an essay final exam and man do I hate essays. That's probably because I can't write very well. My train of thought takes over and I mix up what I want to say on anything I want to write, mainly for school. I have not motivation to do any better on papers for school. I need to get an A on the final to get a solid be in this class. I got an A on the midterm so I'm figuring I can pull it off. Today my mom and sis come to help me pack and get me ready to go back home. First we have to go get my breaks on my car checked and fixed because my right tire is making this hidious squeaking loud noise all the time. I'm really glad they are coming because I need some people who aren't so fake around me. Also I won't have to eat Aramark Cafeteria food, YEAH!!!! Not like I'll have to eat Aramark food next year since the school is getting and new food company, but still Cafeteria food is like the same crap everyday. I think we are going to go to Islands today for lunch if we get my car fixed at the right time. Then tonight we'll probably got to Mimi's Cafe in Huntington Beach. My mom just loves that place now. I don't really get why, but whatever. I still have some more cleaning to do in my room before I leave. I also have a few more things to pack up before I can pack them up in the vehicles. The excitement of going back to Missour is killing me ( can you since the sarcasim), but besides that I'm kind of getting sick of Orange County, I really need a change of senery (damn I think I spelled that wrong). Oh well two more days then I'm on my way home. Look out Missouri Bri is coming back.

 Life doesn't mean much anymore. I've lost everything. My happiness, my hope, my dreams, and everything else in between. I don't who to trust. I don't know anyone that cares. All I know is I'm dying and no longer anywhere. Just a person taking up space on this earth. Watching the years, days, hours, minutes, and seconds past by before I slowly die. :'(

 urlLink urlLink What's Your Sexual MO? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 I am urlLink urlLink Find out which Garbage Pail Kid you are!

 urlLink urlLink Who's your daddy?? Find out @ urlLink blackhole

 urlLink Who are YOU most like?

 urlLink Which Kiss Are You?

 urlLink Find your emotion!

 urlLink How Gay Are YOU? urlLink [?]

 You have a funny effect on people making time with you a strange and wonderful concept to perceptualise. People enjoy listening to music with you and can spend much time discussing the varying depths of sound or other such stuff, either that or they sit for a time in a semi-comatosed state. Often people in your company think they can understand Einstien's theory of relativity when infact they are so shitfaced they cant even tie up their shoes laces, but as it has been found, either could Einstien. Sometimes you make people paranoid and they walk down dark alley ways and creep along parked cars to elude the police from seeing them. Spending great amounts of time with you makes people want to lose their job and live an alternative lifestyle supplying the state with their yearly yeilds..of your kind. Often they get bored of the idea soon and begin eating smaller amounts of the stuff or giving up cigarrettes, before they have a psychotic episode and join their crazy diamond of a friend in the mental ward. urlLink Find Out If You Were A Drug, What You Would Be! quiz by urlLink ravenritings

 I really miss clarissa. :'( for the past month and about 2 weeks no one has woken me up in the morning :( It's my fault. I said suff I didn't mean. Oh well my loss. That's what you get for letting people get to you and make you go wacko. 3 finals down two more to go and I'm done for the spring semester then. 2 weeks off and then hopefully I'll be in summer school. Brushing up on my Spanish and taking a PE credit. I almost have everything packed up to go home except for personal and personal hygeine itmes, cleaning products, school supplies, calenders, some hangers and some nonsense stuff. Oh and of course the TV and my alarm radio, the fan and my phone. Oh yeah forgot about my pillows and my bedsheets and comforter and sit up pillow. Several things I didn't get to do this school year in Orange County that I would have like to have done. I would have liked to have gone to California Adventures I would have liked to have gone to Downtown Disney I would have liked to have gone to 6 Flags Magic Mountain I would have liked to have gone to the Hard Rock Cafe arond here I would have liked to been an extra in a music video or a movie, damn i almost got to do that, only if I wouldn't have picked up simon for julia that one day I would have liked to have gone to a television taping That's all the things I wish I could have done this semester here in Orange County or in Southern California in general. Well off to packing more stuff up to go home.

 i had a love he let me down, i brushed that off and let him back in, then once again he let me down, i brushed that off and let him back in, the relationship then ended, then i found someone else, he was against it, he changed his perspective about me, then he lied and said he was happy, then he continually pressured me to change my mind, so then i did because i had feelings for him, he made me feel as if i was hurting and destroying the person i had grown to care about, then i told the new interest in my life that it was over, i said it was brought to my attention i'm ruining your life, that it was brought to my attention you no longer have interest in me then i found i hurt this person by saying that, they then ignored me, he then let me down because of this and i brushed it off, then one day he lied and let me down majorly, then i had to let him go, no more will i give any second chances, he has ruined my life with him, he has ruined my life with another, whom know i have heard has found another, I no longer have anything to look forward to, and no longer have any hope for anything anymore No longer looking for relationships with anyone, because all the relationships i have had or supposedly had just end up ruining me

 urlLink See which Greek Goddess you are.

 urlLink Find out which Dead RockStar you are @ Useful Idiot.

 urlLink Which Brady Bunch kid are you most like?

 Deep in the heart of every man Lies a hidden dream or plan To be a milloinaire Life without a care Hey cool cat Does this apply to you? Don't you lie 'Cause you can't hide the truth I can see what's behind those eyes Tongue so twisted from tellin' lies You might think you're strong But you better not treat me wrong Or else I'll say so long (Chorus): Goodbye I never want to see you again Goodbye I don't want to be your friend So long Now we've reached the end Time for me to turn that bend When time has run away And there's no need for me to stay And lose myself to you And be abused by you I don't need the pain From your mind games When you try them again I won't be there for them to work Anymore Now you're back And you're beggin' please Crawling on your hands and knees You thought you were a star But now here you are You haven't traveled far

 urlLink urlLink Basically you're just a big tough bastard. People respect you but don't really like you. And frankly you couldn't give a shit. Take The urlLink "Which WWF Wrestler are you?" Quiz . Created by urlLink Potman

 take the urlLink which one of the trading spaces cast are you? quiz!

 urlLink

 urlLink urlLink Which Rainbow Brite kid are you? By urlLink urlLink Growing .

 urlLink I'm "I Wish It Was Christmas Today" Jimmy! urlLink Take the Jimmy Fallon recurring SNL character quiz here. created by urlLink urlLink stomps .

 urlLink Take the urlLink What High School Stereotype Are You? quiz, by urlLink Angel .

 urlLink See what Care Bear you are.

 Take the Which Breakfast Food Are You? Quiz.

 urlLink Click here to take the quiz!



 I taste like Beef . I taste like beef. I'm probably made of beef. You are what you eat, they say, and if the title didn't mean something else, I would be a beefeater. I think red meat is good for you. Puts hair on your chest. What Flavour Are You?

 My life sucks. It just plan sucks. Everyone expects me to commodate for them, but no one, and I mean no one, ever commodates for me. God forbid I ask something of someone, but if something is asked of me I have to do it because if I don't I look like the bad guy. Golly jeez. If you really care about people you'd be willing to accommodate for someone or at least meet them in the middle, but god forbid anyone do that for me. Oh well I'm never going to have to deal with that shit anymore, because I'm doing away with all kinds of relationships because it's not worth my time or energy anymore. Especially when I just get un needed stress from it. Because I really don't need friends, I really don't need a boyfriend or anything because I just end up doing what I'd normally do without them just sit in my room bored to death. I'm just a waste of space on this earth because all I do is sleep or sit in my room bored to death. No point being here if I'm not doing anything.

 I am... HENRY THE EXPLORER by MARK TAYLOR. When I get fed up with my life, I run away for just a little while. You know, I do that in life, too - whenever things get tough, I get a change of perspective. urlLink Find out what Children's Book You Are!

 p align="center">According to the " urlLink Which Pre-IBer Are You? " Test...

 which song of staywhatyouare are you? urlLink find out !

 According to the " urlLink Which Something Corporate Song Are You? " Test...

 urlLink

 :'(

 My heart is empty My heart has grown cold and is turning black The lies that were told Have changed me forever They have cut the final string holding me together And I have now snapped No longer stable My thoughts jumping everywhere Never looking back Tears running down my face All my emotions drained out for the world to see No longer is there any part left of the real me No longer the kind of smile that I had No longer giving a damn

 urlLink You were male in your last earthly incarnation. You were born somewhere around the territory of what is now know as modern Wales, approximately in the year 725. Your profession was: dramatist, director, musician, bard. A brief psychological profile of you in that past life: You always liked to travel, to investigate, could have been detective or spy. A lesson that your last past life wishes you to learn in your present life is: Your lesson -- to conquer jealousy and anger in yourself and then in those, who will select you as their guide. You should understand that these weaknesses are caused by fear and self-regret. do you remember?



 Warped Tour was awesome. I finally got to meet my other favorite band Reel Big Fish. Also what was cool was I got to see every band I wanted to see that was the reason why I went to it this year. Also I met 3 of the 4 bands that I wanted to see. It was really cool. It was a sunny and dusty day. Everything I had almost got dust all over it. Gravel Parking lots are a bitch.

 Check Out This cool band urlLink

 I need to get some new online friends, because I'm completely bored to death. Nothing worse then being bored. I finally got my hair cut today. Thank god it was way to long and made the summer heat feel worse then it was. So Bri is back to the short hair, maybe I'll actually get to keep it short for this coming year I hope so. Looks like I'll be going to the Warped Tour alone. My supposed friend hasn't gotten in touch with me to tell me if she can or can't. I begining to get to the point where I'm not going to bother with friends because I always end up with unreliable friends or friends who only want to be my friend when it's convient to them. I guess I'm an embarassment to people. Oh well live will go on without friends.

 LIAR COUNTDOWN 85 DAYS

 Well the steerig column on my car was messed up. So I will have no use of my own car for a while. That really sucks. Looks as if I really will have to go to the Warped Tour by myself, just like i had to last year. :( Next summer I will probably be doing nothing fun. I'll probably start working to earn money to pay back al my loans for school and to have something to do if I can't find something in the advertising field when I graduate.

 Man I got up at like 6:30 am, golly. Oh well my car is getting kaput. The only thing i have left that keeps me sane. Well off of another horrible day.

 LIAR COUNTDOWN 84 DAYS

 Now I think I'm not going to the Goo Goo Dolls and Third Eye Blind concert. I keep changing my mind but I just can't afford to do that and with college being expensive as hell i think I'll just wait out on concerts this year. I can't wait to go to the warped tour thursday. I'm going to try to volunteer at the Ladies Lounge so I can get hooked up with some backstage passes. Should be fun. Well That's all I can think of.

 Well I think I'm going to go to the Goo Goo Dolls and Third Eye Blind concert August 4th. Hopefully my friend will contact me by tonight about going. If not I'll just go by myself, which is looking like what I'm going to have to do this Thursday at the Warped Tour. I bought two tickets and my friend said she could when i first got them. Then she told me that her boss scheduled her for that day , but he was going to get her off work. I haven't heard back from her since she told me that so I'm assuming she isn't going. So I either need to start begging people which never works or just say oh well and go by myself with a wasted ticket :(.

 LIAR COUNTDOWN 81Days

 Went to Aerobic Kickboxing class today and that's about all I did for today. My sore shoulder isn't as bad as it was earlier this week. I'm not going to Ozzfest like I planned to this year because I can't find anyone to go with, go figure since I have no friends really. My life is miserable, it just keep getting worse day by day. Don't know why all the people I become friends with one lie to me about everything, two talk shit behind my back, three only are my friend when it's convient to them, and four freeload off of me.

 LIAR COUNTDOWN 79 DAYS

 Shoulder is sore as hell today. But I moved the TV and it's cart with it. That was fairly easy. I also cleaned up some stains that were on the carpet that were near the TV. I also went to Basic Step Class today and I only stopped 3 times to get some water and wipe the sweat of my face with a towel, which is an accomplishment for me. I usually stop and take a little break 5 or more times. I hope I get my hair cut soon, because it's getting hot and I hate long hair. Well no one is on AIM to chat with so I will go now.

 LIAR COUNTDOWN 77

 Man, today I moved my bed finally and what a pain in the ass. Also had to move another peice of furniture too. However, I didn't move it t where I finally want to put it. So 3 pieces of furniture down, 3 more to go. Then I have to organize everything. Decided what I'm going to keep what I'm going to get rid of. Then decide where I'm going to put certain things. By the time I get done it will be time for me to go back to college for the year. Also I have to decide what posters and pictures I'm going to put up in my own room, or take with me to put in my college dorm for the year. I think POD will be going in my college dorm and most of my No Doubt will be staying at home. Well I think I'm just going to kick back and relax today. Tomorrow I might go to Basic Step class , but I'm not positively sure because I'm still not feeling good.

 LIAR COUNTDOWN 76 DAYS

 Man I feel horrible. My ear is itching and my right ear has a big bump on it. I got some other problems in ther places and I hurt and ache all over.

 LIAR COUNTDOWN 74 DAYS

 LIAR COUNTDOWN 70 DAYS

 LIAR COUNTDOWN 68 DAYS, oh wait it's now Saturday so it would be 69 DAYS now. Why the hell am I watching Dance on MTV 2. I'm not a dancer and I'm not big into dance music either. That's probably because I can't dance worth shit. But why the hell am I watching this. They are mainly remixes of songs I can't stand in the first place. Well I'm heading off for bed now. Later everyone who is reading this.

 LIAR COUNTDOWN 67 DAYS

 LIAR COUNTDOWN 66 DAYS You know you people, and I know you are checking my blog out because you do that and I know you do, the longer you wait to speak up and say something to me the more I get to think about how to make you pay for what you have done to me. Because you are just allowing me more time to think and dwell on what you did so the revenge because evil and more evil every day you run and hide like the little 3 year olds that you are. Also if one of you two guys or even gay tyler was the one who called my cell phone and left a voice message saying "oh my god......... alright" then hanging up. One you know you shouldn't be calling my cell phone when I'm not even in the state. Two you still owe me money. Three don't even give me that kind of crap ass attitude on the phone that is just asking for me to kick your asses. Which ever one of you that did that, and I know it had to be one of you two guys since no one else knows my number, you are so going to get it. Do not put more wood in an already burning fire, that's just stupid unless you are trying to commit suicide. Which I guess apparently is a thing all of you must like doing or something. Also it's not nice to say god's name in vain. Yeah I might not be as religous as you people say you are, oh wait that could be a lie too hmm whatever, but I don't go saying " oh my god" all the freaking time. Wait is that saying god's name in vain, i don't remember but still you shouldn't freaking use god's name in that way. That is all I have to say for now. Have a Nice Day

 Countdown to LIARS talk up 64 DAYS

 Today I went to orientation for Aerbobics. It looks like I will be working hard. I have to do some papers and some fitness analysis. Also today I moved one peice of furniture, only 5 more peices of furniture to move. Oh what fun. Lots of hard work. I've decided I'm going to make a countdown for the LIARS to get back online and face all the lies they have told to me and everything. I love how people tell you they supposedly love you and that becomes a lie. Then person you come to know is a lie because they aren't the person you thought they were because they totally lied about themselves. But I guess they've decided to run and hide. That's not exactly the best thing to do, but we shall see. Everything catches up with people sooner or later. So we shall see how longer they take if they get online at all. Today will be 1 day. But to be correct this started April 24 so 62 days. How many more days will it be? Those who lied will have to decide. But if someone else besides Denise doesn't speak up now, YOU WILL ALL RULE THE DAY YOU MESSED WITH ME!!!!!

 Well I went to the doctor yesterday. The doctor thinks I have either some kind of digestive problem or a gallbladder problem. I'm really freaked out. So far I've taken two doses of the medicine the doctor prescribed and I haven't been feeling much better. I'm drowsy, feel naseus, heart burn is more noticeable, and I can hear my heart beat like all the time and it's freaking me out. I think I might have to have my mom call the doctor to tell her about me having these symptoms now. :'( I'm really scared and I have to leave for college August 20th. My next appointment with the doctor is August 12th. I really hope I get better.

 urlLink

 urlLink urlLink urlLink Do *You* Need A Boob Job?

 btw, i'm the new co-poster on this blog

 urlLink



 Weather please get cooler. It's freaking hot and maybe, just maybe if you the weather would get better, I'd begin to feel better.

 .meetupLogo img {display: block !important;} urlLink No Doubt urlLink

 Today was really hot. Tomorrow I'm going to the doctors so wish me well.

 Still not feeling well, don't know what to do. Good luck to all the blogathoners. I would have participated except I have a crappy modem, crappy service, and only one phone line so I wouldn't be able to participate. Hopefully maybe next year.

 I still don't feel well and I'm really really scared.

 urlLink

 bleh

 I'm really really really scared my lower right side front and back really hurt. I don't know what to do. I don't want to die. My head hurts I can't think straight I'm like crying all the time. I'm so paranoid I can't go to sleep because I think I'm not going to wake up I don't know what to do. :'(

 urlLink urlLink I'm blue Madonna, who are you? Madonna Quiz by urlLink Turi.

 -= Tuesday questionaire =- 1.) What is the most important thing going on in your life this week? Trying to feel better and make these pains go away and last week of summer school. That means I need to get my transcripts sent and stuff organized to get ready to go back to California for school in the fall. 2.) Gayest thing you have done this week? I really don't know. 3.) Why would you most likely be nominated to speak your mind, and what is it you're going to say? Because I tell it the way it is. There is only so long you can be nice about things to be until you finally have to tell them the hard way. Some people just can't handle things. I would say If you don't like what I have to say then don't do what I'm saying you are doing, because I'm not going to say something if it isn't true

 well yesterday night was interesting. This girl whom I chat with from time to time that I met in a chat room, was fantasizing about me last night while doing some other things I shall not mention. Kind of spooked me a bit. Weird things happen while online. She's a cool person and fun and interesting to talk to. Well today is the start of my last week for summer school. Fun fun. This means I have to start get things ready to go back out to California for college.

 urlLink

 I hate this Error 503:Unable to load template file: /home/Templates2/3342291_a.html (server:page) What's with bloggerr? Someone please tell me.

 Man I hate stupid viruses. Ugh.

 I swear my life really sucks. Mom really doesn't take me seriously, no one else seems to either. Why does everyone think I'm some kind of joke.

 I love No Doubt

 Just seeing if this new thing works

 Man why the heck am I up at 6:30 am. Maybe because I couldn't sleep. So much burning and itching, ugh.

 Why the hell did I watch a wedding story on TLC. That show really depresses me. Ugh. Today I'm going to my Aerobic Kickboxing. Summer school is all most ending. Last day is July 25th, but I'll be done before that. Just wondering if I should go back into the fitness center and pay 6 dollars for a day till before I have to leave to go to school? IF you have any thoughts email or IM me. I think maybe I should so I'm in a groove and so when I get back to school I'll be motivated to go workout.

 Well I woke up at 9:30 am so I decided I'd go to Aerobics class today. I went to Basic Step class and man is a workout. It wasn't too hard but not super easy.

 Hello I went to my friend Ginni's wedding it was very simple and nice. However, there were a lot of things I didn't like about the wedding was first the Minister did some serious gay and lesbian bashing at the begining by saying we are here to see a man and woman married. Like god created man and intended only man and woman to be together and in love and to be married. I found it a bit rude. I didn't like the minister at all. Also the place where the wedding was held they had this very bad painting of jesus like right at the front of the sanctuary. Then the reception was at the club house near their town home. It was small and hot and not everyone was in the same room to eat. Which means you didn't get to see everybody. But it was a nice wedding besides all of the minor problems I had with it. I'm very happy for Ginni because I really could tell she loves the guy a lot and vice versa. I met him before at our Senior prom and he was a really cool guy. I hope their marriage last forever and that nothing comes between them. Well I was sitting next to one set of Jason's, the guy who married Ginni, grandparents. They said to me so pretty soon you'll be doing this and I was shaking my head going I really don't think so. I really don't see myself getting married at all now seeing someone I am the same age as getting married. Why do I say that? Well the reason is because one first you have to have a significant person in your life and I don't and I guess never really have. Second because I'm just not into that stuff. Third and finally because I'm a loner. Plus why would you want to get married, especially now of days. Reason I say that is because now of days people get divorced like it's no big deal. Kind of like trading basebal cards or any sports card for a matter. Why would I want to get married just to get divorced then by alone again? I can't handle life now, add a person to that it would make my problems twice as worse. Maybe I'm just paranoid. No I take that back I am paranoid, but that's because I've had so many things happen to me I tend to be. I'm probably not making any sense all, but that's just my opinion.

 Damn I really don't feel any better today, and I have to go to that wedding. I hope I feel ok at the wedding and reception because there is going to be a lot of people there that I haven't seen since HS. Not like I talked to them all that much, but this one I guess I would say acquantance I have couldn't go so she gave me the wedding gift for them and told me to tell everyone she said hi and all.

 Man I got sharp pains right near my neck in the center of my body near the right side. It really freaking hurts. I really think I'm dying. Along with all the other things I really feel horrible, and I serious think I'm dying or something. All food taste the same, and there is this taste in my mouth that won't go away and it's very disgusting.

 The Top 20 Songs Currently in North America according to Billboard 1. Hot In Herre, Nelly 2. Without Me, Eminem 3. Hero, Chad Kroeger Featuring Josey Scott 4. Complicated, Avril Lavigne 5. I Need A Girl (Part Two), P. Diddy & Ginuwine Featuring Loon, Mario Winans & Tammy Ruggeri 6. Oh Boy, Cam'ron Featuring Juelz Santana 7. The Middle, Jimmy Eat World 8. A Thousand Miles, Vanessa Carlton 9. Foolish, Ashanti 10. I'm Gonna Be Alright, Jennifer Lopez Featuring Nas 11. Still Fly, Big Tymers 12. Addictive, Truth Hurts Featuring Rakim 13. Just A Friend 2002, Mario 14. Down 4 U, Irv Gotti Presents The Inc. Featuring Ja Rule, Ashanti, Charli Baltimore & Vita 15. Heaven, DJ Sammy & Yanou Featuring Do 16. I Need A Girl (Part One), P. Diddy Featuring Usher & Loon 17. Soak Up The Sun, Sheryl Crow 18. Days Go By, Dirty Vegas 19. What's Luv?, Fat Joe Featuring Ashanti 20. Full Moon, Brandy Most of the songs on this list I hate, and can't stand, but obviously some people out there must like them. Have they lost their mind???? If you think differently then Billboard please email me your thoughts on what songs that are currently out should be in the top 20.

 Man I feel really sick. I ache all over. Plus my head is all stuffed up and I just all in all don't feel well.

 Just went looking through some of my disc. Rather quite interesting. I needed to clear some of them because school will be starting next month and I need discs with lots of space on them. I was reading saved convos on AIM I've had with people in the past. (yes I save some or a lot of my convos I have with people, i have my reasonings, and apparently it's good that i did save them) Yep found some interesting stuff that someone told me. I will quote one person, " i would love to do just about anythign for u =) ". I take people for their words, because I was taught to trust, however now I realize you can't trust anybody anymore. If I was on my death bed the person who said that wouldn't even come to visit. If I was in the hospitalthat person wouldn't even come to visit. If I was graduating college that person wouldn't even come. If I was having some major problems that person wouldn't even come to help me figure things out and try to help me make things better. It's not so much the actual not doing it, it's the even try part that really bothers me. Oh well, I shall move on I guess. It just takes me forever to move on about things like that though. I can over come death fairly shortly depending on who it is. I can overcome illness shortly depending on what the illness is. However, I really can't over come having my feelings hurt badly and have my heart ripped out and l slashed to pieces. Especially after the three other times it had happened the 3rd time not as bad as the other two times, that's probably because it was so ripped up from the first two it was too black to be really hurt. But I had let it heal and my heart was back to where it use to be and then another guy comes around and stabs it through the back left right and all ways in between. Then puts in in and oven, squashes ,throws it around to the point where it's in so many pieces you can't even figure out how to put it back together again. I let my heart get to much into any relationships with guys. I think I just need to let it get fixed and healed up 100% and keep it hidden and remain far away from relationships and use my head more then my heart. Unlike most guys who use the head in their pants over the head on their shoulders or even their heart.

 urlLink Strong, Silent, Baddie-buster urlLink Find out what anime character cliche you are. urlLink

 urlLink Awwwww! urlLink Find out what anime character cliche you are. urlLink

 urlLink Super Teen Extrodinaire urlLink Take the Cartoon Hero Quiz?.

 If things get straightened out between me and this one person, I'm thinking of asking them something important. I'm looking forward to it, or maybe not. Just depends on how this person acts whenever they reappear. They might have changed during the summer, or at leat the past couple of months. Oh well whatever happens, happens you know and you just kind of have to live through it. Kind of like rolling with the punches. Surely something will come about soon. I have to remind myself to set out my clothes for the wedding so they can get ironed, so they aren't wrinkled.

 The Vague But Nice Quiz by blusteryvirgin

 Man today has been really boring. Plus there is nothing on TV. Man I wish I had some friends.

 Good Day everyone. I got up at 6:30 am this morning because of my cold. I couldn't breath and i kept sneezing. So I just stayed up watched Save By The Bell. Then I watched Designing Women. I figure laughter my help me feel better it worked for a bit. Today I'm going to Arby's for lunch. Thanks to Denise for helping me decide. I'm getting the chicken fingers combo, and no Giant sizing, with curly fries. Fun fun fun for me. Now all I have to do is decide what I'm going to have for dinner. That will definately be a toughy for me. But I'll figure it out eventually.

 urlLink Which Colossal Death Robot Are You ?

 urlLink what's your inner flower? urlLink [c] s u g a r d e w

 Well my head cold has taken over my whole head. Ugh, sucks to be me now. I hope it clears up a little bit before the wedding on Saturday. I think I seriously need to go to the doctor. I think I have a yeast infection or something even worse. I know you really didn't need to know that but I had to get that off my chest. I hope I go soon. So I'm no longer suffering from whatever it is, and while they are at it maybe they can help cure this head cold. Aerobics class was pretty small today, normally the class is really full. Hopefully I'm losing inches and fat. I really don't know because I don't check my weight and all often. I haven't noticed my pants getting looser so if I am losing anything it isn't much. If it was then I'd notice. Well when I get back to college I'm going to workout at the gym every other day or at the least 3 days a week. I think I need to do more running and biking. So I build endurance so I don't burn out so quickly during working out. I think I'm going to do a lot more weight training activties when I get to school. One because I'll have a partner to spot me, and secondly because that's what I'm more use to doing. Three years for shot put I did intense weight workouts. Those workouts use to kill me, especially when it was percentage day. I think I liked repetition day better, because the weights were lighter.

 urlLink urlLink Take the new and improved Dashboard quiz! By urlLink Tiffany

 find out who you are urlLink here

 find out which no doubt album you are urlLink here

 find out what you are urlLink here

 Man is it freaking hot. Not only outside but inside. I think our AC is broke. Because it's like 85 in our has and not only do we have the AC on but we have fans running in our house. It's crazy.

 urlLink Which of Kelly Osbourne's hairstyles are you? by urlLink urlLink Razorstar

 urlLink Which of Kelly Osbourne's random objects are you? by urlLink urlLink Razorstar

 Well so for today I've gotten up, put my contacts in, brushed my teeth, and ate lunch. Now I'm watching rock videos on MTV 2. Yeah actual music videos on a Music video station isn't that amazing. This new band TRUSTCompany is awesome. I recomend checking them out. They kicked ass at the Warped Tour. BTW if you try to IM on AIM and you see that I'm not online go ahead and IM to see if I'm cause sometimes I don't show up as being online for some reason. If you don't do that go ahead and email me. I have no life so I love reading emails from people I don't know, or from anyone in general, as long as they aren't perverted.

 urlLink

 urlLink Which Peanuts Character Are You Quiz

 Take the urlLink What Should Your New Year's Resolution Be? Quiz

 For some reason my posts aren't coming up on my blog. I've noticed that about other blogs I read I will check them early in the day and see no new post, but then I get home late at night after my aerobics class. I then see a post that was posted and marked for earlier in the day, but wasn't showing up till then. So hopefully this will post along with the other stuff I posted earlier.

 Hey everybody I created a test at this link, try it out http://www.stumpyourfriends.com/stump2.cgi?3.184415862002 sorry I'm not an html person so just copy and paste the link

 Hey I took this faith test and here is what i got. I found it pretty interesting. You can find this test at http://beliefnet.com/story/76/story_7665_1.html 1. Mainline to Liberal Christian Protestants (100%) 2. Liberal Quakers (87%) 3. Unitarian Universalism (74%) 4. Reform Judaism (74%) 5. Bah' Faith (65%) 6. Mainline to Conservative Christian/Protestant (65%) 7. Orthodox Quaker (64%) 8. Neo-Pagan (55%) 9. Sikhism (55%) 10. Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (Mormons) (54%) 11. Seventh Day Adventist (52%) 12. Christian Science (Church of Christ, Scientist) (51%) 13. New Thought (51%) 14. New Age (49%) 15. Eastern Orthodox (47%) 16. Roman Catholic (47%) 17. Mahayana Buddhism (47%) 18. Orthodox Judaism (45%) 19. Theravada Buddhism (45%) 20. Islam (43%) 21. Jehovah's Witness (42%) 22. Scientology (42%) 23. Secular Humanism (38%) 24. Taoism (31%) 25. Hinduism (26%) 26. Jainism (26%) 27. Nontheist (19%)

 As I was looking through other people's blogs likey I normal do, *cough* *cough* i have no life *cough**cough*, I've noticed everyone has lately has gone to see either MIB2 or Lilo and Stich. It seems like everyone has gone to see those movies this past weekend. I wish I had some friends who wanted to go to the movies. If I would have gone to the movies this past weekend I probably would have gone and seen Lilo and Stich, because I didn't really care to much for the first MIB. I still haven't seen Spiderman either. I orignally did not want to see it because Kirsten Dunst is in it, and I really can't stand that gal. Then I found out one of my favorite wrestlers Macho Man Randy Savage is in it, so I was like I got to see that. Then I found out this person I go to college with was an extra in the crowd of extras in that wrestling scene in the movie so I wanted to see it even more, even though she says you really can't pick her out of the crowd. I guess I'll just wait for it to come out on DVD or VHS because I'm sure it will be soon, because they keep putting movies out quicker on video and dvd after they've been out.

 LIAR COUNTDOWN 98 DAYS

 Well today I just wasted away in the house like normal and really did nothing at all. I really think I need to go to my doctor, however my mom I guess thinks I should just deal with stuff and not go. I kind of have to have her approval since I'm under her medical insurance. I hate being sick or have something really wrong with me. It's so hard for me to tell my mom what's exactly wrong with me. Last time I cried to get a doctors appointment. That's because I found a lump in my breast. Went to the doctor and had some other things done and they said it was a cyst, but scientifically there was no reason to remove it. So I never got it removed and now it's really bothering me. On top of that I have problem in another area which I really don't want to mention, but I think I really need to go see the doctor about it. Plus add in the soar throat and my constant unhappiness and worrying and I'm pretty much kaput and I think I need to do something to change all those problems. I really need to do so before I go back to College in California. I don't need to be worrying about my health, money, and school work all at the same time. Well I'm off to be hopefully I can get good nights sleep. However, I doubt I will since it's so freaking hot in this house.

 urlLink

 urlLink Which Lilo & Stitch Character Are YOU? Find out now! Only from urlLink the Quiz Junkie

 I really fix sick today, my throat is itchy. I could barely sleep last night. It was really hot, and i couldn't sleep because of it.

 I'm in severe pain right now. I'm in so much pain I'm crying and I can't go to sleep. I really need to go to the doctor. I wish my mom would get me a doctors apointment. I don't think I can live with pain anymore. If someone doesn't figure out what my problems are I really wish someone would just put me out of my misery.

 I just realized while I was sitting here in the living room with my mom watching Trading Spaces. I seriously need to get a life. I really need to get a boyfriend or something. Or find someone to help me occupy my Saturday nights with. Instead of sitting at home with family being bored to death and thinking about how depressing my life is. Hopefully I'll have something or someone by the time I graduate college, which should be in a year and half if things go the way I think they should go. But damn private colleges want to get all the money they can out of you. They love screwing transfer students. Well if anyone knows of anyone or anyway I can accomplish getting someone by the time I graduate, I'd really appreciate it. Thanks.

 Well, you're a slacker. Your greatest joy in life is sleeping, and you try to avoid doing work as much as possible. Others are envious of your talent for skating through life doing only half as much real, actual work as everyone else. You're an expert at talking teachers or bosses out of reprimanding you for your apparent lack of effort. On the upside, you won't have to worry about things like repetitive stress disorder or high blood pressure. Your life expectancy is probably pretty high due to this, not that you'll actually accomplish anything, you damn leech. urlLink Be cool! Take the What Do You Want Out Of Life? Quiz

 urlLink I am absolutely soulless! urlLink Find your soul type at urlLink kelly.moranweb.com .

 urlLink What prep label are you?

 Hey everyone I got a new layout for my blog, thanks to Denise. Yeah it's great to have someone who knows way more about computers and html and all that great stuff. Takes me to long to learn that kind of stuff so I'll just have her do it for me. Well now you can email me and respond to all the pointless crap I say. Most people probably just read the first sentence and close this blog, but that's ok. It's all good. Yes, I know I can't write worth shit, but oh well. Nobody is perfect. Hmm, where was I with the LIAR COUNTDOWN.... It's at 96 DAYS. Damn, that's a long time. Only a little more then a month away and I'll be back in California for College. Yeah, what fun.

 I can bend. I can stretch. I can mold my finger to match a keyhole. I am resourceful and resilient. I take nothing seriously, as life's troubles just seem to "bounce off" me. I am far from softspoken. I'm also known to crack a joke or two... or twenty. Wouldn't you? After all, I am rubber, you are glue... urlLink What's your superpower?

 urlLink urlLink This quiz says absolutely nothing about your personality. Take it!

 urlLink src="http://test3.thespark.com/childtest/award/mpid.gif" border=1>

 which Shakira are you? by urlLink divachop and urlLink phantomx86

 urlLink Which "Saved By The Bell" Character Are You?

 You are Freddie Ljungberg Although you need a new hairdresser, you're a class player. You're not a saint but you're not a hatchet man either. However, unlike a solid Swedish table, you're a bit unstable. Your temper needs to be controlled.

 urlLink urlLink Which era in time are you?

 You are Bugs Bunny. You are fun, friendly, and popular. You are a real crowd pleaser. You have probably been out on the town your share of times, yet you come home with the values that your mother taught you. Marriage and children are important to you, but only after you have fun. Don't let the people you please influence you to stray.

 urlLink

 You're the lego Space Man! Strap on your helmet! You're the lego space man! You love technology, and look forward to the future. You're brave, active, and strangely attracted to shiny objects. urlLink Take the "What Lego character are you?" test! by urlLink ctbx

 Take the urlLink What Explosive am I? quiz by urlLink urlLink PhoenixSpirit001

 You are Wile E. Coyote!

 Well today is the 4th of July and I'm doing nothing like usual. Just sit in my house and listen to the fireworks and loud music and yelling going on all day. Here people use fireworks improperly, hopefuly the people in my neighborhood will have and accident and it causes them to think differently about some of these fireworks. Don't get me wrong I love fireworks and it's cool to shoot them off. However, its not very safe to do in residential areas. Fireworks are better in open areas where you can't catch a house on fire or do damage to other people's properties. Plus most people shoot them off in their hands or throw them in other people yards and that's when the problems start to happen. See we don't shoot fireworks off but other people in our neighborhood do and we end up with all their fireworks trash in our yard because they keep shooting illegal bottle rockets. Bottle rockets really serve no point. They go up in the air and make a loud noise. They have no color and they can set roofs on fire. I know because when I was little that happened to my cousins house. Oh well enough about my complaining about that. Nothing is on freaking TV which really bothers me. I could always try cleaning my room I guess to keep me from being severely bored. I need to get organized. I wish someone could do that for me, but they'd be likely to throw away all my wrestling, hockey, and music stuff. Or they'd throw away things that I just can't part with because I'm so attached to them. Maybe I should work on my William Tell Admirers Fan Club on yahoo, and start promoting it. However, my partner in crime who has all the computer knowledge isn't online. Why do people have to go shopping every freaking day. I don't comprehend. I shall try my best to work on the site by myself, but my computer knowledge is poor. I have to have her change things on her all the time because I just can't figure it out.

 urlLink which song describes you the best?

 urlLink urlLink Which Dashboard Confessional Song Are You? By urlLink Tiffany

 I think maybe I should get a guestbook or put my email up on here so I can hear from people how pathetic my life is. I'd have to have someone do that for me though since I suck at making webpages. But soon I will have a guestbook or something for the few people who click to see this site for some reason can comment on whatever I'm blabbering about at the moment.

 LIAR COUNTDOWN 93 DAYS

 Man, I must be either insane or things are really bothering me. I got up at 5 am. I can't sleep. I think I'm going crazy. All I can think of is about how people have lied to me and there for have some how altered my life , to where it can't be changed back. So now I'm thinking that everyone is lying to me or is coming up with decietful plans to make my life even more miserable. So now I'm to the point where I can't sleep and when I try to sleep I can only think about people lying to me and really freaking hurting my feelings, which bothers me more.

 Boredem is horrible. I have to go to a friends wedding July 13th all by myself. It really sucks because it seems like everyone I know is either married, getting married, or pretty close to it. Well I guess I'll get my shirt and nice pants ironed and my vest too. Not going to get too dressed up for a wedding since I'm not big into dressing up first of all, plus i don't think I was really intended to be invited. I think she just invited me to the wedding because she saw me in the mall and hadn't seen me in a while and is like, oh I'm getting married and didn't want to be rude and not invite me since she mentioned it to me. I can't even afford to buy a wedding gift for her and my friend who also got invited can't go and is going to make me take her gift for them, so if I don't get a gift I'll really look bad. I really hate life, but that's nothing new. Tonight I'll be writing a 3 page paper for my aerobics class over 3 articles I read about fitness and aerobic activities. They pretty informative, which suprised me. I thought I'd just read some BS and write a summary and how it applies or make up something about how it applies or how i could apply it. In actuallity in the articles I read I found a lot of stuff that makes sense and I think I could actually apply to myself. Last night wrestling was pretty entertaining. That match between Jeff Hardy and Undertaker was actually pretty exciting. I haven't really been into wrestling since I started college in California, but even when I got back wrestling had been too much exciting. The RVD and Chris Jericho match at the King of The Ring was awesome and the best match on the PPV, which I think is when I began to really enjoy wrestling again. But last nights match on RAW with Jeff Hardy and Undertaker was awesome. It was no RVD/Jericho match, but it has to be one of he better matches that has occurred recently. The Undertaker really had work hard and you could tell by his exhaustion when he got back on his motorcycle to get back to the dressing room it took him 3 or 4 times just to get it started. Jeff Hardy really took it all out. He took a heck of a beating from the Undertaker and kept coming back. I really thought during the match that he might just win it. Definately Jeff Hardy is stepping it up along with RVD and Jericho ever since Stone Cold Steve Austin left the WWE and I think this is a good thing and I think more of the newer, younger wrestlers need to do the same. Also I think some of the veterans really need to step it up because it seems to me that most of their matches recently have been a snooze. *cough* Hulk Hogan *cough* If they are going to have Hulk Hogan back why don't they bring back the Macho Man Randy Savage. He is and always will be one of my favorite wrestlers of all time. He can really go and is all about entertainment. Whether is be wrestling or commentating he's awesome, and is hilarious. I'm really pleased with Shawn Michaels being back. I don't care if he just talks he will always be my absolute favorite. I have met the man 3 times, and he has been the coolest and nicest guy ever. He is a really entertaining guy in and out of the ring. I loved when he did commentating for a while. Hopefully he'll get to have on last final match in the WWE, but I don't see it happening anytime soon, maybe in a couple of years or so. If he does do one final match I hope I can go and see it live. Well I guess I'll stop blabbering about the many things I enjoy or the miserable going ons in my life. Hopefully, I can figure out some way of getting my pictures from the no doubt concert a while back and from the warped tour I just recently went to. Unitl next time, bye.

 LIAR COUNTDOWN 92 DAYS

 I'm going back home I've been totally disrespected and frankly I can't take anymore of being disrespected by people who claim to be my "friends". I guess apparently when I say things they mean shit, well if that's how everyone feels they can just kiss my ass cause I'm sick of this bullshit and I'm not fucking taking it anymore. Don't abuse my friendship for your own selfishness.

 Ok I'm at college now, and I guess I'm getting better, but not much. This cloud of depression lingers over my head wherever I go. I guess I cover it up very well by acting bizarre. I have 18 credit hours and it's going to kill me. I barely have time to update this blog. I have to film stuff like every week. Plus I suck at spanish so it will take me forever to do that homework and studying for that. Plus I have to read a bizillion of books and get like magazines and all and save ads. I swear my head is going to explode, and my roommmate keeps distracting me. Plus she's going to have her bf like over like all the freaking time. I swear my room is being invaded and I'm going to get nothing done. Ugh. Oh well, hopefully today I can't get what I need accomplished. Hopefully finacial aid will have my shit straightened out.

 "I needed to get a big car because I'm not that great of a driver." If someone said that to you, wouldn't you be scared out of your skin to have that person on the road, let alone drive around in a tank? But that's precisely what has happened with the proliferation of SUV drivers who are of Asian descent (yes, that includes my family also, I currently practice my driving for my driver's liscense with my mom's SUV cause we don't have any Camrys or small sedans like that). The person who made that frightening proclamation was a relative of mine. Maybe you've seen her or someone like her on the road small, nervous woman who barely reaches the dashboard and has an incredible lack of any driving etiquette. I'm not disparaging all Asian drivers, but I do believe stereotypes exist because for the most part they're true. Or are they? Believe me, there are plenty of bad Asian drivers out there (me being one of them cause I just got my permit almost a month ago), and the worst part now is that they're one of the fastest growing population of SUV buyers. I mean, nothing is less sad than to witness my fellow Asian drivers getting themselves in driving problems. I once saw a young Asian woman having problems parallel parking her car on the end of the sidewalk, where there was plenty of room and only a car behind her to back up against. How did she pass her driving test?! But there's one thing between a bad Asian driver behind a Toyota Corolla and another behind a Ford Excursion, and that is the victim count. You could mow down probably one or two people with the Corolla, but with the Excursion the victim count could be as high as ten. Is that what attracts Asians to these killing machines? I had my own father tell me he wanted an SUV or a big truck because if he were in an accident with a small car he would be alright since the big car could crush the smaller car. That word "crush" is quite devastating, and for my father, a typical small Asian man, to say that he'd feel better if he could come out alive from an accident because he crushed the other car... well... something is just really wrong with the world. I once went to a car dealership with my dad to test drive Lexus SUV to see what the appeal was, and one of the selling points that my salesperson tried on me was that an SUV could drive over a small car. I thought car salespeople were low, but to sell me on the point that I could kill someone with my car was so low I'm sure he'll reach hell with no problem. So why are Asians so attracted to SUVs? Is it because they're big? Is it because they're so useful because Asians are known to be such avid skiers and mountaineers? Is it because they're so environmentally friendly? No, the answer lies in a more sinister explanation, which can also explain the awful driving habits of Asians. You see... Asians aren't bad drivers, they're actually just trying to mark their targets (i.e. people, pets, cars) with their cars, which explains the erratic driving. Since Asian people believe in efficiency and quantity, it also explains why they love their big, killing machines called SUVs, because it can mow down more people in less time.

 I just want to know from you guys,the best comeback you've taken on someone.I fail miserably at comebacks and pranks.They always...suck before they even get the chance to suck.Which makes my 'victims' laugh at my lame attempts.They only suffer from laughing violently hard.

 My College Is: Chapman University Students at Chapman University goof off a lot. Students at Chapman University masturbate a lot. 40% of freshmen are slaves. Weed is the drug of choice. The average GPA is 2.75 urlLink Enroll

 urlLink What prep label are you? urlLink Take the Online BULLSHIT fucktard tests: urlLink How good are you in bed test by urlLink dr jo0lie

 FUCKING YES! you swear wayy too much to be a great example for them young'uns. hell, you scare the adults as well. urlLink Do you Swear a Lot? Quiz by urlLink maikamariel

 Sometimes sometimes you can't help swearing. but you are trying to quit... are you?! urlLink Do you Swear a Lot? Quiz by urlLink maikamariel

 urlLink What prep label are you?

 urlLink Take the Online BULLSHIT fucktard tests: urlLink How good are you in bed test by urlLink dr jo0lie The BED is for sleeping in my room! lol

 Breakup song of the moment: Of all the things I've believed in I just want to get it over with Tears form behind my eyes But I do not cry Counting the days that pass me by I've been searching deep down in my soul Words that I'm hearing are starting to get old It feels like I'm starting all over again The last three years were just pretend And I said, Goodbye to you Goodbye to everything I thought I knew You were the one I loved The one thing that I tried to hold on to I still get lost in your eyes And it seems that I can't live a day without you Closing my eyes and you chase my thoughts away To a place where I am blinded by the light But it's not right Goodbye to you Goodbye to everything I thought I knew You were the one I loved The one thing that I tried to hold on to And it hurts to want everything and nothing at the same time I want what's yours and I want what's mine I want you But I'm not giving in this time Goodbye to you Goodbye to everything I thought I knew You were the one I loved The one thing that I tried to hold on to The one thing that I tried to hold on to And when the stars fall I will lie awake You're my shooting star Michelle Branch - Goodbye to you

 i was in hot topic on Sunday and i was just standing there looking at the hard to find music cds/band shirts and i look over and this glittery girl with a pink tubetop was standing there with her obviously hardcore boyfriend ***side note*** why would anyone spend 14 bucks on something they could MAKE. ***end of side note*** and this little floozy goes "like...look at me *hee hee*. I look COOL in this. This looks GOOOOD" so i innocently turned around and said "yeah...its not cool unless its abercombie eh?" she left the store. bwhahahahahahaaha.... am i going to hell when i die? isn't hot topic's slogan on their bags, "everything for the music"? and then they don't even sell music at the one i went to in New Jersey when I was at vacation. that's so lame.

 I'm going back to school but I'm still in pain. I want be posting for a while so Denise will be doing more posting then me maybe till Saturday.

 urlLink What's your Inner Goddess Color?? Jen

 urlLink What's your Inner Goddess Color?? Jen

 Well I guess It's offical, but I'm not sure, that I'm not going back to school. My mom basically told me she doesn't see it happening. I really wish I was better. I really wanted to go back to school. However, it doesn't look like I'm going to get better. I've been thinking of what stuff I want people to have, because I really don't see myself ever getting better. So far I've decided I want Denise to have basically of my music related stuff. That means my bizillion CDs, posters, autographs, drumsticks, tshirts, and that sort of stuff. For the stuff she doesn't want she can give them to people who she thinks would enjoy them, but she can't sale them to profit off of them, unless the money goes to a charity. Then all my stuffed animals, my letter man's jacket, my class ring(including the box with the charm necklace), my two diaries, and my hanging moon Clarissa can have. Now as for everything else I don't know what to do with it. I figure all my hockey stuff can go to my sister. That leaves my basketball stuff, and my wrestling stuff, and a lot of magazines up for grabs. Then I guess everything else can be donated to good will, or to some charity that gives things to people who can't afford to have stuff. I know that sounds bad and I worded it bad, but that's all I could think of to explain what I mean. I hope I do get better soon, so I can go out there and go to school, but it just really doesn't look like that's going to be possible. :'(

 urlLink I am My Son! urlLink Find your whimsy character at urlLink kelly.moranweb.com .

 urlLink I am Sarah! urlLink Find out which of Kelly's friends you are at urlLink kelly.moranweb.com .

 urlLink I am the princess (...with a pea)! urlLink Find your fairy tale character at urlLink kelly.moranweb.com .

 urlLink I am truly passionate. urlLink Find your soul type at urlLink kelly.moranweb.com .

 Since Clarissa doesn't seem to read email or she just doesn't respond, I figure I'd just put something up on here and maybe she'd see it. I really need to talk to you. I know you have a busy life and you are leaving soon, but I really need to talk to you. I care about you a lot, even though I disagree with a lot of things you believe or you do I really care about you.

 My Romance Meter Optimist 65% . . 35% Cynic Close 68% . . 32% Distant Long Term 82% . . 18% Brief urlLink What does my romance meter read?

 urlLink You Are a Cyberprude! You stay away from anything crass or crude. You could be called a "cyberprude." Lighten up, and take off your shirt. Flashing a chatroom wouldn't hurt. urlLink Are *You* a Cyberslut?

 I've had it with everyone, and everything. I give up. My tired of being treated like crap, being treated like I'm stupid, being treated like I'm not being honest, being treated like i'm just a waste of space whose family needs to be sucked of all the money we have left. I CAN'T HANDLE IT ANYMORE, I'VE HAD IT. If you don't hear from me you know.

 Well I was treated like crap at the eye place. So I'm not getting new contacts or glasses. First they told us their wouldn't be a problem and that they could send me my contacts and glasses to me in California if they didn't come in time. But the guy who did the test first got pissed because I didn't wear my contacts to the place, and he said if you wanted contacts that's a 2 hour visit. That's ridiculous. He said he'd go ahead with the glasses test. I was like ok. Then he's doing these test and he's asking me about school. Then he asks when I have to go back and I said middle of next week and he's like i can't continue this visit. I don't have enough time to do this you should go to some place in California and have this done. Why didn't he say this before, and why did the person who set up the appointment tell us it would be ok. Plus while I was telling him when the last visit was and some other things he's like you waited to long to do this. I'm sorry that not everyone is rich enough to go the eye doctor every year, and on top of that when your eye doctor retires and sends your stuff else where and you have no clue where it is kind of hard to do. Add to being treated like I'm waste of time, I don't feel well. I hurt and ache. I take this medicine but it only helps temporarily, and not long enough. I know they found something on the sonnograms because one time I looked there were red dots which indicates something. I don't think I'm going to be going out to college now. Physically I'm in pain and emotionally I'm just out of it completely. I can't handle this pain, I can't handle knowing something is wrong, I can't handle feeling like no one believes me, I can't handle anything anymore. I don't know what to do. Someone told me if it's bad I can just go out to a doctor there and have whatever I need done. But hello California is more expensive then out here. Then they told me well if you aren't going to go at least file a medical release so that they hold your place at school. Meaning that taking a semester off for medical reasons and they won't make me have to re-apply when I return. I don't know what to do. I think I'm losing my mind, stability and my overall well being. I can't sleep, I barely eat because I don't feel like eating, I cry like pratically all the time, and people yell at me. This one person told me people probably think you are doing this stuff because you want attention. Well I don't I try to avoid attention as much as possible, and anytime I complain about pain it has to be serious. Most pain I just ignore and gut it out. But what's going on right now I can't. I've never in my life felt to bad, horrible, and confused. I just wish I knew what to do. :'(

 I love enlightening pointless convos like this one that makes you think Azn SKAter Gurl: why do they have prison sentences of more than a 100 years? burningspark: if for some reason ppl can live that long? Azn SKAter Gurl: that could be seeing that medical advances are helping more people live a longer life burningspark: lol Azn SKAter Gurl: or people getting like 2 life sentences burningspark: i know it's weird burningspark: well b/c they set a standard...do one crime you get one sentence...do another...you get sentenced for both Azn SKAter Gurl: yea Azn SKAter Gurl: umm the 2 life sentences could work if you believed in reincarnation Azn SKAter Gurl: hehehehe burningspark: oh yeah definitely burningspark: haha Azn SKAter Gurl: but then how do you know if the person like reincarnated to a piece of grass or not burningspark: hahahaha burningspark: yeah burningspark: then that piece of grass will have to be placed in a cell burningspark: haha Azn SKAter Gurl: but then what if you accidently stepped on it and killed the poor piece of grass burningspark: death sentence burningspark: hm burningspark: quite different Azn SKAter Gurl: yea, but their sentence wasn't a death sentence, so that could cause some legal problems Azn SKAter Gurl: lol i think we are both getting a tad bit into this topic burningspark: oh definitely

 "ASM MEDIA GROUP (ASM) a new Los Angeles entertainment firm is currently developing a musical rock group that will dynamically change the outlook of Rock. Our purpose is to audition, prepare, produce, support, and guide this groups musical endeavor. This group will return style and grace to the rock industry and highlight the creative and charismatic talents and attitudes of todays music artists." You can read the rest of the letter below. If you can't figure it out from that paragraph, this company is basically trying to start a boy band, but one that plays instruments. Think of it as O Town playing instruments. This is just shameful. The rest of their "press release" or whatever is so pathetic, I encourage you to read it below to see how this company plans to make their band the "next big thing." Kids, don't buy into this crap. Start your own band. Go pick up a shitty guitar at a garage sale and buy an old drumset from your friend's older brother. Write your own songs. This is just pathetic. The letter states: This group will be comprised of six auditioned male members between the ages of 16-23 years. Members will be auditioned based upon their look, talent, past experience in music, attitude, and willingness to contribute to this group. The group will consist of one drummer, one bassist , two guitarists, one keyboardists and one vocalist. All members must have strong vocals and stage presence, proficient melody and lyrical ability, consistent driving players, have a vast knowledge in music theory, and overall be willing to contribute over 110% of their time and energy to this group. As far as image and attitude, we are looking for good looking individuals with a young fresh cutting edge look. Attitudes must portray elements of caring, charisma, determination, and cooperation. ASM stands for the highest standards in moral and personal practices. We will not tolerate any drug and alcohol abuse, habitual sexual practices, or negative, unproductive, and dangerous behavior. The sound of this group will bring together elements of modern and legendary rock. This group will infuse big vocals, with a diverse/fresh/clean/ cutting edge rock sound, similar to that of Aerosmith, Foo Fighters, Ben Folds Five, U2, American Hi-Fi, Goo Goo Dolls, Journey and Bon Jovi. All members will be auditioned and secured by mid-June, and should be willing to relocate to Los Angeles (LA) for final auditions and extensive practicing, writing, and performing. Auditions will be conducted through the World Wide Web, via ASMs website and through our affiliates. Additional interests will be secured by word-of-mouth by contacting current musical members of this industry. In order to apply, one must submit: 1) a clear CD with a current performance containing original music, 2) a resume detailing past experience with the music industry and personal background information, 3) clean and clear color and black/white pictures showing facial and body features, and 4) a 3-minute VHS stating why this group would interest you and an example of your performance. All financial considerations will be covered by ASM, and our current six month plan is set out as follows: In July, all equipment will be purchased for the use of the members during the following months. Immediately following a retreat in the preceding weeks in June, the group will withdraw to a location in LA to write, practice and collaborate on the groups music. During this one-month period, members will be required to actively contribute between 8-10 hours a day. During this time period various producers, A&R representatives, among many others will be invited to monitor and see the group first hand. In August, the group will record their EP. Current studio considerations consist of The Blasting Room, The Hit Factory, Media Vortex, and Scream Studios. Current proposed producers are: David Leonard [tentitively confirmed] (Sugar Ray, Prince, Barenaked Ladies); Greg Collins (No Doubt, Red Hot Chili Peppers, System of a Down), and Nick Launay (Semisonic, Silverchair, Eric Clapton). The groups first official photo shoot will also occur in order to prep and prepare for all PR and publicity material. In September, the group will prepare and practice for their first US tour. This will also be time to prepare, practice and visit family and friends before the non-stop three month touring trek. This is a time when ASM will push this groups very diverse marketing plan, and when our team of affiliates will begin working to promote and push this group. Our main focus is to secure interest through shopping the EP various record labels, booking agencies, promoters, and other industry affiliates. During the months of October December, the group will trek out for their first US/Canadian tour. The group will play venues ranging between 500-1000 capacities, with an average of 60+ shows. Overall, it is ASMs purpose to develop a rock group that exemplifies what music and rock and roll is. More information concerning the exact timelines and deadlines, marketing plans, and budgetary considerations will be available via ASMs website. http://www.asmediagroup.com/group.html "We will not tolerate any drug and alcohol abuse, habitual sexual practices, or negative, unproductive, and dangerous behavior." If ASM is trying to exemptlify what rock & roll is then why are they not tolerating drug and alcohol abuse? Can you name me any rock and roll band that has made any impact whatsoever that hasn't had at least one member who is a junkie. Probably not. All the great rock & roll songs were written when someone was trippin' on something. Even today's boy bands are hittin' the bottle (at least, that's all they've been caught for). And I love how they stated in the FAQ that the music market is 75% marketing and 25% talent. Most of the bands I like don't have all good looking guys. No need to be pissed though people. Let the babies have their bottles. A lot of kids listen to this stuff (cough cough Clarissa) because they don't even know there's an alternative (some of the radio mainstream stuff are pretty good though). Go find a kid like that and tell him there's this really cool band that you think he'd dig, then take him to the Avenged Sevenfold show that's coming to your town, or Thrice, or some good local band that I don't know about. One of two things happens: the kid hates the show, in which case you're no worse of than when you started, or he loves it and starts listening to something different and cool. All of a sudden he realizes the load of bull that's been fed to him by the majors, gets pissed and ASM loses a customer. Think of it, if we all did this with one kid, and then they all did the same thing...we might actually make a dent in these company's bottom lines, and that is all they give a shit about anyway, and then good music will reign supreme. So in closing, rather than try and destroy someone elses scene make your own grow. There are enough of people to make a difference. As extremely pathetic and laughable this is, I really can't wait to see the outcome of this horseshit. there's comedy, there's high comedy, and then there is this crap. this is gonna be hilarious. Here's my guess on what the boy "rock" band will look and sound like: White boys, really hot white boys :), wearing everyone's favorite "rock" clothing. They will probably sound like a Creed or the most popular "rock" type of music at the moment. Sounds pretty marketable to me.

 Had my sonnogram today, it took about 30 minutes. Was kind of painful, more so then th last time I had one, but that's because it was in a different area of the body. I'm doing ok so far. At 2 I have to get my eyes tested. I won't know the results of the sonnogram till probably monday when my doctor recieves the results and calls to let us know.

 Well yesterday afternoon lead singer of the band Drowning Pool, Dave Williams, was found dead on the band's tour bus. Drowning Pool was an awesome band and Dave was the coolest. I met them at Ozzfest last year and he really loved being around the fans. I saw them live twice and they rocked the house both times. It's sad that this has to happen to someone who was only 30 years old and the band had just broken big. The cause of his death has yet to be determined. Something I read today makes me believed they canceled the Ozzfest that was scheduled today In Bristow, Virginia I believe. I'd like to give my condolences to his family and the rest of the band. Dave was cool nice man who knew how to entertain. RIP Dave, you will truly be missed.

 5 things you are wearing* 1. White tank top with a big heart in the middle that Shirley gave me for X mas 2. blue boxers 3. Blue underwear 4. glasses 5. --- *5 things you can see* 1. computer 2. Mashimaro plush 3. Mashimaro keychain 4. Avenged Sevenfold cd 5. My new No Doubt sticker *5 things you are doing right now* 1. typing 2. breathing 3. itching 4. watching tv 5. lifeing weights *5 things you ate in the last 24 hours* 1. Tiger's milk bar (i'm addicted to those things) 2. Chicago wings 3. fries 4. boba 5. various foods at the Chinese buffet for dinner (fave right now is honey walnut shrimp) *5 things you did so far today* 1. woke up 2. yellled at my bro 3. went to the restroom 4. lift weights 5. computer *5 things you can hear right now* 1. New song from Audiovent 2. people mowing grass at exactly 8 in the morning 3. mouse click 4. typing 5. Tobi *5 colors you can see* 1. blue 2. red 3. black 4. white 5. yellow *5 thoughts in your head* 1. "i wonder if Leanne can figure out to move the furniture in the Sims game yet" 2. "frikkin itchy! (must be the weather) 3. "last day of driving tommrow 4. "how the hell i'm going to get home from driving tommrow." 5. "how am i going to avoid taking the bus when school starts since my dad won't drive me to school anymore

 Part of this song was used for the Theme of the Golden Girls song by a female singer instead and I just happenind to be watching the show right now but i like this song. Artist : Andrew Gold Song : Thank You For Being A Friend Album : Thank You For Being A Friend-B Submitted by : Meagan Corrected by : Rated : 9.3 (3 votes) Thank you for being a friend Traveled down the road and back again your heart is true you're a pal and a confidant I'm not ashamed to say I hope it always will stay this way My hat is off, won't you stand up and take a bow And if you threw a party Invited everyone you knew You would see, the biggest gift would be for me and the card attached would say, Thank you for being a friend Thank you for being a friend Thank you for being a friend Thank you for being a friend If it's a car you lack I'd surely buy you a cadillac Whatever you need, anytime of the day or night I'm not ashamed to say I hope it always will stay this way My hat is off, won't you stand up and take a bow And when we both get older With walking canes and hair of gray Have no fear, even though it's hardly here I will stand real close and say, Thank you for being a friend (I want to thank you) Thank you for being a friend (I want to thank you) Thank you for being a friend (I want to thank you) Thank you for being a friend (I want to thank you) Let me tell you bout a friend (I want to thank you) Thank you for being a friend (I want to thank you) Thank you for being a friend (I want to thank you) Thank you for being a friend And when we die, and float away I'll see you there, and once again Thank you for being a Thank you for being a friend (I want to thank you) Thank you for being a friend (I want to thank you) Thank you for being a friend (I want to thank you) Thank you for being a friend Whoa, tell you about a friend (Thank you right now, for being a friend) Thank you for being a friend (I wanna tell you right now, and tell you again) Thank you for being a friend (I wanna thank you, thank you, for being a friend) Thank you for being a friend

 urlLink urlLink What's *Your* Sex Sign?

 Tomorrows Agenda Get up early Get to the sonnogram appointment at 8:30 am and have my sonnogram at 9 am for my gallbladder Bad thing is I can't eat or drink anything after mindight tonight Then I think I'm going to get my eyes checked too, but I'm not sure

 You know the question, "what would you bring if you were stranded on a deserted island?" that people from magazines and stuff sometimes ask? That is probably one of the most ididotic questions ever. Other than the fact that you don't often get to choose what to bring when your stranded on an island, the answer is usually somethig like, "Well, like, I would, like, bring my boyfriend, and maybe some CDs, and...oh! food, of course!" I dunno about you, but I would bring a boat, but then again, I wouldn't be stranded in the first place.

 I guess this is my actual first post, so here goes. My bro actually survived his first day of X country. 25 minutes for 3 miles, not bad for a kid who spent the whole summer sitting on his ass eating chips and playing Diablo. He's still way slower than me though. Yesterday was a pretty fun day, I had to plot a way to get out of the house at 10:00 when my dad told me I was supposed to be at the beach from 12 to 4 instead of the 10 to 4 that I originally planned. He said I have too much fun and that I should be studying. Studying for what? I dont know. He gets mad that I don't read alot anymore. I used to read alot when I was like in elementary school cause I had no friends and no life. Now I do have friends and somewhat of a life hehe, so I don't read as often. I actually left the house at 11 cause Steven woke up late as usual. My's sister also came along too, just in a separate car with her friends. Her friends are like really werid. Maybe i'm not azn enough for something. We eat at Jack in the box for lunch cause I had those coupons. And My hated her burger and threw it away. Remember that, it comes to play later in the story. We accidently gave the wrong directions to My's sister so we didn't see them again. We finally got to the beach and we checked for water conditions on the lifeguard tower, it had a red flag, which meant it was dangerous. The waves were fucking huge and stuff like that. We blamed the wave conditions on My saying God was punishing her for throwing away the burger. We had to bodyboard near the shore cause we weren't expert surfers. I got a million cuts and bruises and wiped out a million times. The sand had a million shells in it. We took a break and started to bury My's shoes when she went for a walk. She made us take an hour to dig it up cause she accidently removed a marker that we used. She said Steven and I support each other alot on everything we say and said that we should go out. Haha, thats not likely going to happen. Anyways we talked about Nick's pizza (from middle school modified days for lunch) and how we haven't been there ever since we went to high school. So we made plans for next week on after registration to go there, Nickel Nickel, the beach and then drop me off at field hockey at 4:00 (its going to be my first time being late, hehe). So then we went home at 4 and I saw my dad parking his car, I was freaked cause he specifically told me I couldn't go in Steven's car (if you haven't noticed parents think about sex alot when they are talking to their daughters) Example: Daughter: Can I go to the movies with my guy friend? Parent: No you are going with a guy and he might rape you, I know whats in these boys minds: Daughter: But I've been friends with him since 3rd grade Parent: No you can't go Daughter runs into her room and cries I came home and my mom was like "did you take the bus?" I sensed my dad was coming home so i said yes. My mom gave me the look that said " I know you better than that. So she said that I was really clever but I needed to cover my tracks a little more. So she's cool. And i'm boring myself with this post, so i'm going to end it here. BTW the Pepsi blue fusion tastes like shit and i think its making me sick

 . . . What is my spectrum? I am green: My main color is green. I like to have fun and comfort. Happiness is the marker of a great life. . urlLink What is my spectrum?

 My Romance Meter Optimist 50% . . 50% Cynic Close 59% . . 41% Distant Long Term 43% . . 57% Brief urlLink What does my romance meter read?

 Book Worm Meter for Denise Shut In 49% . . 51% Out Of The House Intellectual 95% . . 5% Moron High Attention Span 95% . . 5% Low Attention Span Bookitude 57% . . 43% Book Burner Book Worm 74% . . 26% Bug Stomper urlLink Take your bookworm readings.

 urlLink Find out urlLink which Xena girl you are .

 Your Existing Situation Pursues her objectives and her own-self-interest with stubborn determination; refuses to compromise or make concessions. Your Stress Sources The existing situation is disagreeable. Feels lonely and uncertain as she has an unsatisfied need to ally herself with others whose standards are as high as her own, and wants to stand out from the rank and file. This sense of isolation magnifies the need into a compelling urge, all the more upsetting to her self-sufficiency because of the restraint she normally imposes on herself. Since she wants to demonstrate the unique quality of her own character, she tries to suppress this need for others and affects an attitude of unconcerned self-reliance to conceal her fear of inadequacy, treating those who criticize her behavior with contempt. However, beneath this assumption of indifference she really longs for the approval and esteem of others. Your Restrained Characteristics Egocentric and therefore quick to take offense. Wants to broaden her fields of activity and insists that her hopes and ideas are realistic. Distressed by the fear that she may be prevented from doing what she wants; needs both peaceful conditions and quiet reassurance to restore her confidence. Becomes distressed when her needs or desires are misunderstood and feels that she has no one to turn to or rely on. Egocentric and therefore quick to take offense. Your Desired Objective Desires a tranquil, peaceful state of harmony offering quiet contentment and a sense of belonging Your Actual Problem Wants to be valued and respected, and seeks this from a close and peaceful association of mutual esteem. Your Actual Problem #2 Disappointment at the non-fulfillment of her hopes and the fear that to formulate fresh goals will only lead to further setbacks have resulted in considerable anxiety. She is trying to escape from this into a peaceful and harmonious relationship, protecting her from dissatisfaction and lack of appreciation. www.colorquiz.com

 urlLink Find out urlLink which Xena girl you are .

 urlLink Find out urlLink which Discworld novelty you are .

 urlLink Find out urlLink which Discworld girl you are .

 urlLink Find out urlLink which But I'm A Cheerleader girl you are .

 The B-Movie That Suits Me Is: Q - The Winged Serpent: A giant beast attacks New York City. With famous actors and great sets, its hard to call this a b-movie. But it is. urlLink Find out which b-movie suits you.

 Am I The Greatest Song In The World? Nay: I am merely a bad cover of a good cover of the greatest song in the world! urlLink Are you the greatest song in the world?

 What magazine am I? I am Book: There is nothing better then the written word. Nothing engrosses me more then a masterpiece on paper. If you want to watch COPS you can always dig my TV out of the dumpster. urlLink What magazine am I?

 I Am The Sex Toy: Knowledge: So I might not be the first sex toy on everyones mind, but lets be honest about where sexual power really comes from. urlLink Find out what sex toy you are.

 My Favorite Male Part Is: The Pecs: Strength, power, and form. Hey! His boobs are bigger then mine! urlLink Find out your favorite female or male body part!

 My Favorite Female Part Is: The Ass: Soft, smooth, and perky! Just don't remind me where food goes when you're done with it! urlLink Find out your favorite female or male body part!

 Mild congratulations, you are... 58% dateable! You are neither more not less dateable than your peers-- welcome to the land of mediocrity, home of the masses! You have an undeniable animal magnetism, but you're just as likely to attract small animals as you are to attract human beings. Nevertheless, the people you flirt with generally find you funny and cute, or "fute." You have good hygiene, which is an imporant aspect of relationships involving two or more people. Avoid seafood and walks in the woods.

 This is what I got on the Color Quiz Your Existing Situation Dissatisfied. The need to escape continued involvement with her present circumstances makes it imperative for her to find some solution. Your Stress Sources Feels unappreciated and finds the existing situation disagreeable. Wants personal recognition and the esteem of others to compensate for the lack of like-minded people with whom to ally herself and make herself more secure. Her sensual self-restraint makes it difficult for her to give herself, but the resulting isolation leads to the urge to surrender and merge with another. This disturbs her as she regards such instincts as weaknesses to be overcome; only by not succumbing to them, she feels, can she withstand the difficulties of the situation. Wants to be valued as a desirable associate and admired for her personal qualities. Your Restrained Characteristics Feels she is receiving less than her share, but that she will have to conform and make the best of her situation. Feels that she is receiving less than her share and that there is no one on who she can rely for sympathy and understanding. Pent-up emotions make her quick to take offense, but she realizes that she has to make the best of things as they are. Wants to broaden her fields of activity and insists that her hopes and ideas are realistic. Distressed by the fear that she may be prevented from doing what she wants; needs both peaceful conditions and quiet reassurance to restore her confidence. Insists that her hopes and ideas are realistic, but need reassurance and encouragement. Egocentric and therefore quick to take offense. Your Desired Objective Urgently in need of rest, relaxation, peace, and affectionate understanding. Feels she has been treated with a lack of consideration and is upset and agitated as a result. Regards her situation as intolerable as long as her requirements are not complied with. Your Actual Problem Wants to be valued and respected, and seeks this from a close and peaceful association of mutual esteem. Your Actual Problem #2 Depleted vitality has created an intolerance for any further stimulation, or demands on her resources. A feeling of powerlessness subjects her to agitation and acute distress. Tries to escape from this by relinquishing the struggle, and by finding peaceful and restful conditions in which to recuperate in an atmosphere of affection and security. http://www.colorquiz.com/

 urlLink urlLink Which VW Are You? by urlLink Auto Glass America

 I really don't feel well and everyone is telling me I'll be ok, but I don't feel ok and I don't think I ever will. Everyone doesn't care, my mom isn't going to get my prescriptions, and I'm in pain. I don't think I'm going to go back to college. I'm not going to feel better, and If I don't feel well I can't concentrate on school, especially with 18 credit hours. I don't know what to do anymore. Everyone thinks I'm a joke, they just talk with me to get amusement and make themselves feel better about their own life. I just don't know how things could have gotten this bad. I don't know anything anymore.

 I feel really sick :'(

 You live your whole life staring at a wall, your mind goes blank sooner now you will fall. You never learned the things you say to know now, but how? There seems to be a difference, two different types of kids. The ones who go out and the ones that are taught to live. One groups taught how and the other group is taught why. There's no need to tell you what's in my mind, but in the game of life I'm doing fine. No reason to tell you which way to be. Cause the streets have opened my eyes to see. Look whats happening now. What are the reasons why and how? And don't you think it sounds stupid when someones treated different cause they're not the same as me or you? Avenged Sevenfold - "Streets"

 Well I just LOOOOOOOVE the doctors, can't you sense the sarcasm. Well now they are making me take Zantacs, and want me to get an utlrasound to see if I have a gallstone, why they couldn't have done the ultrasound thing last time beats me. SO they are suppose to make an appointment for me but they haven't called back, go figure. Then with my other problem they told me I just have an overgrowth of bacteria, which is either due to douching, can't be because I don't do that, tampons, don't do those either, seems to be a pattern, and finally stress, hahahaha what a laugh. So is the doctor saying I've had so much stress it has been causing this for the past 5 months!?!?!?! Seriously do I have that much stress in my life, well maybe I do now that I think about it. I'm really confused. Hopefully they medicine the gave me for that problem works and fixes that. I just want to be my normal self where I have no problems or pains doing anything. I just hope all of these medicines and all fix me up so I can get on with my life. I've always took pride in taking things to get better and getting better and moving on and not dwelling on it but lately I've been dwelling on everything.

 I'm in so much pain, I can't get to sleep. I wasted my day waiting for someone to speak. Maybe tomorrow the doctor can figure out what is wrong and finally find something to make me feel better. But I've lost hope in everything, because some of the pains I think will never go away. So as I try to go to sleep for the third time tonight, the tears run down my sad an painful face for I have lost all faith in everyone.

 urlLink Cheerful, optimist and possessed of a sense of justice, you're definitely the sort who sees the cup as half full. Selfless and considerate of others, you often give those you're close to the benefit of the doubt, and before you go and point fingers you first gain solid proof against them rather than outright accuse them. Chances are, however, that you trust people sometimes a bit too much, and in doing such are shocked to discover you've been deceived. However, in the end your strong will and determination prevail, and you right the wrongs, should such actions be necessary. And fanboys love your tube top and miniskirt. urlLink What Biohazard character are YOU most like? quiz by urlLink kotoludi

 urlLink Which little kids show would you be? by urlLink urlLink Shorro ^_^

 You are ... Lunchlady Doris urlLink urlLink Take the Simpsons Quiz @ Space Monkey Mafia dot com

 urlLink urlLink Which Angie are you? quiz by urlLink acidflowers

 urlLink take free enneagram test

 urlLink

 urlLink 'What kind of Wing are you?' by. urlLink Xera

 Somewhere Out There Our Lady Peace Last time I talked to you You were lonely and out of place You were looking down on me, lost out in space Laid underneath the stars Strung out on feeling brave I watched the red orange glow I watched it float away Down here in the atmosphere Garbage and city lights Gonna save your tired soul Gonna save our lives Turned on the radio, to find you on satellite I'm waiting for the sky to fall I'm waiting for a sign Though we are It's all so far Your falling back to me The star that I can see yeah I know your out there, somewhere out there Your falling out of reach Defying gravity yeah I know your out there, somewhere out there Hope you remember me When you're home sick and need a change I'll miss your purple hair I'll miss the way you taste I know you'll come back some day On a bed of nails I wait I'm praying that you don't burn out or fade away And though we are It's all so far Your falling back to me The star that I can see yeah I know your out there, somewhere out there Your falling out of reach Defying gravity yeah I know your out there, somewhere out there Your falling back to me The star that I can see I know your out there, ohhh Your falling out of reach Defying gravity I know your out there, somewhere out there Your falling back to me The star that I can see yeah I know your out there, somewhere out there Your falling out of reach Defying gravity yeah I know your out there, somewhere out there You're falling back to me I know, I know You're falling out of reach ohhhhhh I know...

 This coming week is going to be a long and tough one. Monday I go back to the doctors to get this whole digestive or gallbladder problem figured out. Then I get to have a lovely pap smear done, OUCH. Then Tuesday I get my haircut, so that it doesn't get too long during the school year. Then I think either Wednesday or Thursday I go to get my eyes checked to get new lenses and new contacts, which I haven't had done since like my sophmore or junior of High School. So that should really be intersting. So this coming week willbe a long hard week, and hopefully I'll start to feel better.

 Love Pronunciation: 'l&v Function: noun Etymology: Middle English, from Old English lufu; akin to Old High German luba love, Old English lEof dear, Latin lubEre, libEre to please Date: before 12th century 1 a (1) : strong affection for another arising out of kinship or personal ties (2) : attraction based on sexual desire : affection and tenderness felt by lovers (3) : affection based on admiration, benevolence, or common interests b : an assurance of love 2 : warm attachment, enthusiasm, or devotion 3 a : the object of attachment, devotion, or admiration b (1) : a beloved person : DARLING often used as a term of endearment (2) : British : used as an informal term of address 4 a : unselfish loyal and benevolent concern for the good of another: as (1) : the fatherly concern of God for humankind (2) : brotherly concern for others b : a person's adoration of God 5 : a god or personification of love 6 : an amorous episode : LOVE AFFAIR 7 : the sexual embrace : COPULATION 8 : a score of zero (as in tennis) 9 : capitalized Christian Science : GOD - at love : holding one's opponent scoreless in tennis - in love : inspired by affection

 LOVE Function: verb Inflected Form(s): loved; loving Date: before 12th century transitive senses 1 : to hold dear : CHERISH 2 a : to feel a lover's passion, devotion, or tenderness for b (1) : CARESS (2) : to fondle amorously (3) : to copulate with 3 : to like or desire actively : take pleasure in 4 : to thrive in intransitive senses : to feel affection or experience desire

 I am 61-80% Ghetto urlLink I AM ghetto. And you know this- MAN.

 *~*~*~*SuRvEy*~*~*~* ~*BaSiCs*~ NaMe: Briann Goin NiCkNaMeS: Bri, DaBri, Blue Pooh, gullible B-dAy: 12/27/80 AgE: 21 ZoDiAc SiGn: Capricorn CiTy: Lee's Summit HaIr CoLoR: brown EyE cOlOr: blue HeIgHt: somewhere in between 5'6- 5'7 WhAt Do YoU lOoK lIkE?: ScHoOl: whatever HoBbIeS: collecting stuff PeTs: none ~*LoVe LiFe*~ B/f Or G/f?: NA NaMe: NA HoW lOnG hAvE yOu BeEn DaTiNg?: NA CrUsH: I don't know HoW lOnG hAvE yOu LiKeD tHiS pErSoN?: I don't know WhAt Do YoU lIkE aBoUt ThIs PeRsOn?: I don't know If YoU cOuLd Go OuT w/ AnYoNe In ThE wOrLd, WhO wOuLd It Be?: Just about anyone WhEn YoU 1sT mEeT a GuY/gIrL, wHaT dO yOu NoTiCe?: smile WoUlD yOu RaThEr Be In A lOnG-tErM rElAtIoNsHiP w/ OnE pErSoN oR dAtE mAnY pEoPlE?: don't know WoUlD yOu EvEr Be In A lOnG dIsTaNcE rElAtIoNsHiP?: haha Do YoU bElIeVe In LoVe At FiRsT sIgHt?: don't know WhO wAs YoUr 1St CrUsH?: I think I'm suffering from memory loss IdEaL gUy/GiRl: honest, kind, caring, makes and effort, has a sense of humor IdEa Of A pErFeCt DaTe: haven't a clue, never really been on a date in my mind WhEn WaS tHe LaSt TiMe YoU kIsSeD sOmEoNe?: never ~*OtHeR*~ WhAt'S tHe BeSt FeElInG iN tHe WoRlD?: to be around others and having fun and not being alone WhAt'S tHe WoRsT fEeLiNg In ThE wOrLd?: being alone and feeling sick :( If YoU CoUlD gO bAcK iN tImE, wHeRe WoUlD yOu Go?: probably 1988 WhAt DeCiSiOn Do YoU rEgReT mOsT?: don't know BiGgEsT fEaR: death and loneliness ~*FaVoRiTeS*~ NuMbEr: 36 CoLoR: blue CoLoR tO wEaR: whatever SpOrT: wrestling BoOk: man that's tough since I don't really read, Catcher in the Rye? I think that's what it's called MoViE: don't really have one TeAcHeR: nope SuBjEcT: whatever interests me at the moment HaNgOut: wherever FlOwEr: roses SoNg: Our Lady Peace "Somewhere Out There" Tv ShOw: Don't really have one right now FoOd: don't know right now DrInK: water AnImAl: none QuOtE: don't know HoLiDaY: Christmas SeAsOn: spring ~*FrIeNdS*~ BeSt: that's a joke FuNnIeSt: LoUdEsT: QuIeTeSt: SwEeTeSt: CrAzIeSt: LaZiEsT: PrEtTiEsT: BiGgEsT fLiRt: MoSt AtHlEtIc: TrUsTfUl: BeSt FrIeNd Of ThE OpPoSiTe SeX: ~*ThIs Or ThAt*~ GuY oR gIrL: guy KiSs Or HuG: hug ChOcOlAtE oR vAnIlLa: chocolate PeN oR pEnCiL: pen MoViE oR tV: tv PhOnE oR cHaT oNlInE: phone DaY oR nIgHt: night DaRk Or LiGht: dark ShOeS oN oR oFf: on LoNg Or ShOrT hAiR: for the moment short Ok, WeLl...I gUeSs ThAt'S iT!

 Why didn't my last post post? Oh well.

 A = preposition? Dense = Function: adjective Inflected Form(s): denser; densest Etymology: Latin densus; akin to Greek dasys thick with hair or leaves Date: 15th century 1 a : marked by compactness or crowding together of parts b : having a high mass per unit volume 2 a : marked by a stupid imperviousness to ideas or impressions : THICKHEADED b : EXTREME 3 : having between any two elements at least one element 4 : demanding concentration to follow or comprehend 5 : having high or relatively high opacity synonym see STUPID Moment = Function: noun Etymology: Middle English, from Middle French, from Latin momentum movement, particle sufficient to turn the scales, moment, from movEre to move Date: 14th century 1 a : a minute portion or point of time : INSTANT b : a comparatively brief period of time 2 a : present time b : a time of excellence or conspicuousness 3 : importance in influence or effect 4 : obsolete : a cause or motive of action 5 : a stage in historical or logical development 6 a : tendency or measure of tendency to produce motion especially about a point or axis b : the product of quantity (as a force) and the distance to a particular axis or point 7 a : the mean of the nth powers of the deviations of the observed values in a set of statistical data from a fixed value b : the expected value of a power of the deviation of a random variable from a fixed value synonym see IMPORTANCE Put that all together what do you got? Retarded people Liars A Band that doesn't and never existed stupidity

 ||present|| [in cd player] Avenged Sevenfold - Sounding the 7th trumpet [on feet] nothing [under bed] field hockey stuff [what time you got up] ten [time it is now] 10:39 ||future|| [you want to go to] some college in california [ideal job]getting paid doing nothing, thats the American dream [probable job] some computer geek or pro field hockey player(hahahah) [you want to live (place)] Orange county, [number of children you want] 1-2 [kind of car] some sports car at the moment ||current|| [mood] happy, but bored [music] Dashboard Confessional - Hands Down [taste] Thai Tea [hair] ponytail [attire] Blue boxer shorts and a white tank top [annoyance] not being able to find Dashboard's new vid on grokster [smell] new car smell [longing] someone to talk to, no doubt west coast fall tour dates [desktop image] Subject 9 island [fav. Music artist] no doubt [toenail color] blue [crush] m. Shadows [time-wasting wish] WHAT? [hate] many things +last person you hugged: i really don't remember +last thing you laughed at: a C comment +last time you said 'I love you': long time ago... +last time you cried: I don't remember +what color socks are you wearing: i'm not wearing socks +current book: --- +current worry: Hell week +story behind your AIM username: there is no story, just an SN i came up with in 7th or 8th grade +favorite physical feature of the opposite sex: Eyes, Smile, hair, and Arms... in that order +last CD that you bought: I brought them all at the same time: 2002 warped tour compliation, Avril Lavigne, Avegned Sevenfold +favorite place to be: beach... +least favorite place: any type of doctor's office or school +strong in mind or strong in body: both, actually i'm weak in both :) +if you could play any instrument: Guitar or drums +favorite color: blue +do you believe in an afterlife: i'm kinda shaky on my belifs right now +how tall are you: 5 +current favorite word: duck +favorite season: summer +one person from your past you wish you could go back and talk to: Shawn +one person you wish was here right now: Shawn +favorite day: Saturday +type a line you remember from any book: i can't remember lines from books. +a random lyric: uhh..

 I'm confused, I feel soo much pain I don't know what to do. I hate being in pain especially physically. Emotionally at least you can do something to get your mind off of it. However, when you are in physical pain and it's to the point it makes you feel like doing nothing, there isn't much you can do about it. Then when you have both physical and emotional pain it just wears you down and you can't get feeling any better. I don't know anymore what to do. Everything seems to be going wrong. In about two weeks I have to leave for California for school, if I don't get better soon, I don't know what I'm going to do or what is going to happen. I go back to the doctors Monday. Hopefully I can't start getting better. But right now I'm worried and scared and no one seems to be helping me really. Maybe packing my big suitcase now will help me get my mind of the pain I'm in. I waited to get back online for someone and they aren't on :'( BTW I watched American Idol, and I don't know the names of these people but I think the two black chicks and the girl from Texas is going to make it. That's just me, they picked good songs. Singing a crappy song, even if you sing it good isn't going to help you win. Especially when the people who are voting on this thing probably never heard of any of those big band songs. To win teeny boppers votes pick things that are familar to everyone. That's all I have to say about that.

 urlLink Click here to see if you`re a "Stereotypical Asian" yourself!

 Take the The "What Teen Label Do You Fit Into Most?" Quiz! by antiperfect

 Which VW Are You? by Auto Glass America

 I really think I could use a massage, maybe that would make me feel better. :( I don't know, I think pretty much anything that anyone could do might help. I'm really lonely :(

 6.25 % My weblog owns 6.25 % of me. Does your weblog own you?

 1. Are you an innie or an outie? innie. 2. Have you ever worn bell-bottoms? no. 3. Have you ever written a song? nope 4. Can you make change for a dollar right now? probably 5. Have you ever been in the opposite sex's bathroom? yea 6. Have you ever smelled your own feet? no 7. Do you like ketchup on or beside your french fries? beside. 8. Can you touch your toungue to your nose? no. 9. Have you ever been a boy/girl scout? no 10. Have you ever broken a mirror? no. 11. Have you ever put your toungue on a frozen pole? no, i don't think its even gotten that cold enough to do so either if i wanted to 12. What is your biggest pet peeve? people chewing with their mouth open 13. Do you slurp your drink after its gone? sometimes. 14. Have you ever blown bubbles in your milk? yes. 15. Would you rather eat a Big Mac or a Whopper? whopper 16. Have you ever gone skinny-dipping? not really 17. When you are at the grocery store, do you ask for paper or plastic? plastic. 18. True or False: You would rather eat steak than pizza. depends, but most likey medium rare steak. 19. Did you have a baby blanket? yea, but no name for it 20. Have you ever tried to cut your own hair? yes.... and my bros... 21. Have you ever sleepwalked? no. 22. Have you ever had a birthday party at McDonalds? no. 23. Can you flip your eye-lids up? ew no, thats gross, i remember my friend doing that though 24. Are you double jointed? no 25. If you could be any age, what would you be? 6. 26. Have you ever gotten gum stuck in your hair? yea 27. Have you ever thrown-up after a roller coaster ride? no. 28. What is your dream car? too many to list, most likely something i can't afford 30. Would you go swimming in shallow waters where, one year earlier, a shark had attacked a child? yea 31. How many cavities do you have? 2 32. Have you ever eaten a dog biscuit? no, i remember when chistine ate one over the phone, lol 33. If you were in a car sinking in a lake, which would you do first: unbuckle your seat belt or open your window? in theory, i would open my seatbelt, but in reality, i would probably scream and pass out and die 34. Have you ever ridden in an ambulance? no. 35. Can you pick something up with your toes? yea 36. How many remote controls do you have in your house? like 10 37. Have you ever fallen asleep in school? yes 38. How many times have you flown in an airplane in the last year? 2 39. How many foreign countries have you visited? 0. 40. If you were out of shape, would you compete in a triathlon if you were somehow guaranteed to win a big, gaudy medal? no, i prefer plaques or thropies hehe 41. Would you rather be rich and unhappy, or poor and happy? poor and happy. 42. If you fell into quicksand, would you try to swim or try to float? swim. 44. Do you ask for directions when you are lost? not really 45. Have you ever had a Mexican jumping bean? no 46. Are you more like Cinderella or Alice in Wonderland? cindrrella 47. Would you rather have an ant farm with no ants or a box of crayons with broken points? box of crayons 48. Do you prefer light or dark bread? sourdough bread 49. Do you prefer scrambled or fried eggs? either 50. Have you ever been in a car that ran out of gas? yes. 51. Do you talk in your sleep? I don't know! 52. Would you rather shovel snow or mow the lawn? shovel snow, works out my arms 53. Would you rather be bitten by a poisonous snake or constricted by a python? the later 54. Have you ever played in the rain? yea 55. Which do you think is more dangerous: where are the choices?? 56. Would you climb a very high tree to save a kitten? no, i'd call the fire department 57. Can you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator? yea, i just forgot which features belonged to which 58. Do you drink pepsi or coke? coke 59. Whats your favorite number? 24 60. If you were a car, would you be an SUV or a sports car? SUV, even though i suck at driving those 61. Have you ever accidentally taken something from a hotel? not accidentally. 62. Would you blow your nose at the dinner table? no. 63. Have you ever slipped in the bathtub? yes, very painful 64. Do you use regular or deodorant soap? deodorant, meaning scented. 65. Have you ever locked yourself out of the house? yea 66. Would you rather make your living as a singing cowboy or as one of the Simpsons voices? simpsons 67. If you could invite any movie star to your home for dinner, who would it be? Beau Wirick, haha 68. Have you ever made a semi truck honk? yes. 69. Which would you rather live with: a huge nose or crossed eyes? Huge nose... I'd just have plastic surgery 70. Would you hang out with someone your best friend didnt like? yea, and i am doing that 71. Would you hang out with someone your best friend liked, but you didnt like? if my best friend was with me yes, 72. Have you ever returned a gift? no 73. Would you give someone else a gift that had been given to you? no. 74. If you could attend an Olympic Event, what would it be? field hockey 75. How many pairs of shoes do you own? like 5 76. If your grandmother gave you a gift that you already have, would you tell her? no, 77. Do you sing in the car? no 78. Would you rather jump into a dumpster or into a vat of honey? honey! yummy. 79. What is your favorite breed of dog? boxers 80. Would you donate money to feed starving animals in the winter? yes 81. If you were a bicycle, would you be a stingray or a mountain bike? Mountain bike 82. What is your least favorite fruit? umm, i dunno. 83. What kind of fruit have you never had? the are many fruits that i have't had 84. If you won a $5,000 shopping spree to any store, which store would you pick? Best Buy, Hot topic, tilly's, pac sun 85. What brand sports apparel do you wear the most? Adidas on the outside, nike on the inside. 86. How many letters will/did I earn in my high school career? I will earn 3 87. Among your friends, who could you arm wrestle and beat? most of them 88. If you had to choose, what branch of the military would you be in? Air Force. 89. Would you ever parachute out of a plane? no 90. What do you think is your best feature? nothing. 91. If u were to win a grammy, what kind of music would it be for? pop punk, hehe i know its an oxymoron 92. What is your favorite season? summer. 93. How many members do you have in your immediate family? 4 including me 94. Which of the five senses is most important to you? hearing. 95. Would you be a more succesful painter or singer? singer, I guess. I can't paint worth a shiiit. 96. Have you ever ridden a tortoise? no. HAHA. 97. How many years will/did you end up going to college? um i dunno 98. Have you ever had surgery? no. 99. Would you rather be a professional figure skater or professional football player? football 100. What do you like to collect? music cds

 12.5 % My weblog owns 12.5 % of me. urlLink Does your weblog own you?

 Well finally one of the liars came back, but they wouldn't fess up to everything because they aren't ready. I've been waiting four months to talk to these people and the one that gets back online first is not ready? How can that be? FOUR MONTHS have passed surely a person can confess everything and apologize or whatever. So far what I've gotten from her is ; she didn't work at a flower shop, she didn't even attempt to visit me while I was at college, and her mom and her were never buddy buddy, and her mom was never pregnant. Man I wonder what her mom would do to her if her mom knew she went around telling people, even her "friend" denise, that her mom was pregnant. Too bad I don't know how to get a hold of her mom, not liked I'd be that mean to do that, but If she doesn't start fessing up soon, I sure wish that would happen. However, that's all I've heard her say that she lied about. Then denise told me she didn't score as high as she claimed she did on her SAT, I could really give less a damn about an SAT, because I took the ACT and on top of that my score wasn't all that great on it. Then she lied about the acceptance of colleges. Which I don't get why you'd do. Guess my mind doesn't think like their's. It also appears that I made her so upset that she probably won't get back online, and if she does she'll come up with a new screename and won't chat with me. All I want to know is the truth, I waited four months to hear it from somebody. I know Denise hasn't told me all especially when she actually thought Clarissa's mom was pregnant. So there has to be some lies she doesn't even know about. I must be a magnet for all this drama and stress it seems to always come around at the worst time. Oh well that's my life. The girl I'm talking about has a blog it's on my links of blogs, it's the clarissa link. Not much on there since she's keeping her mouth closed, or I guess I should say keeping her fingers from typing. Well besides all that I still feel sick and now I'm experiencing neck pains along with the rest of the problems I already mentioned. Plus I got tons of junk in my throat. I really hope the lord will help me get better so I'm good to go back to California August 20th for school.

 Well my chest is still hurting. The pains in the side aren't as bad as they were. I tried the medicine for a day but it made me have chest pain and made it even worse. Hopefully the pain in my chest and everywhere else will go away. I really hope I get better soon.

 THE AMBER IS THE COLOR OF YOU ENERGY PROJECT Originally posted late Saturday night but I figured I'd repost it again because I just freaking feel like it. Plus I didn't use the title last time. Ok let's start from the begining. My roommate felt nauseated this morning so that i was seeing bad signs popping up. Then the weather was over cast and dreary another thing is usually a bad sign to me. The other bad sign was that we got lost on Sunset BLVD map quest told us to turn right instead of left. So we were lost for a while went up and down two times in a row. Then finally we stopped at an ARCO gas station and dude told us we were 12 miles away and needed to keep going to Fairfax. Well it was way passed Fairfax. We saw many things I never thought I'd see before, like KTLA studio, Nickoloden studio, and the CNN, and the Palladium. Man there was millions of studios we saw. Then finally we got to the Tower Records line wasn't long and it was like 10 something am. so we went over to the book shop. Didn't find anything there then looked at magazines. Didn't find anything, but the place had the largest smut magazine selection I'd ever seen. Man jack off city for people probably of all sexual preferences. Rather interesting since I'm not use to seeing a whole section of porn magazines. So Then we went back to Tower and I bought the Buffy Musical CD and No Doubt Maxium which is an interview CD, I figured I'd go buy the No Doubt thing too because I love No Doubt and I hadn't been able to find that anywhere. So then we got in the line and sat for a while then the moved the line to the dumpsters. Then we sat down again and tried studying some flash cards for our various classes, my roomies art, my spanish. I was too distracted then two friends from school came andthey got into line with us. The one was hungry so I went with her to get some subway. It was good I had a ham with cheese and lettuce. It was good. But I figured I'd get some Mountain Dew figuring it would make me act crazy enough to actually say something to Amber, instead of just looking and being in shock. So we wait in line then Joss Whedon drives and pulls into the sparking space I'm right in front of. Nice BMW and the liscense plate was awesome. Then eventually the line starts moving and I'm doing and singing weird and wacky shit to my roomie and my two new acquaintances from school. They think I'm freaking hilarious and loved my shirt that said "I've had A BAD WEEK MAY I HAVE A HUG" and then the back said which some people didn't get to see because of my backpack but it said "I'm in $40,000 debt due to Chapman University" Which they understood totally because they go there also. I swear our school likes to rape us of our money. But the closer we got the more like i felt one either I'm going to pass out, two I'm going to throw up or three I was going to die because my side pains had been starting up again. Caffenine BAD BAD BAD. We finally get into the store in the line and I'm like freaking. And Megan says she is so going to pass out when she gets up to Amber. She's freaking going insane and is going to flip. I started taking pictures. Then I guess I pissed off Michelle I forgot her last name , but she plays Dawn cause I kind of just said here. I didn't mean too but I was feeling rather not well and extremely nervous. After she signed the CD cover I shook her hand and said nice to meet you. The Joss I got him to sign my CD cover and I put out my hand and said nice to me you and he was like wow. Don't know if the wow was for my awesome hand shake, the fact i didn't give him shit for killing of my favorite character or for the blue finger nail polish i was wearing. I should of asked, but too nervous too because who was next. Bingo AMBER. I go to hand my CD cover and she already started reading my shirt and she was like aaaah She signed my CD cover and was like you sure can have a hug and i was like yeah and then i said can i get a pic with you too and she's like sure but i better get a hug first i was like yeah and my roomie was laughing when Amber was first started reading my shirt. It's all about getting attention and being memorable when you want to get noticed by someone famous. So I was dissing on my roomie cause she was having problems with the camera, while I had my arm around Amber who was bending over the table to pose for the picture. Man the smile on my face was huge. hahaha. Then I was like thanks, she said your welcome. Then she started talking to my roomie and said you must have waited a long time and my roomie was like yeah and said thanks. Then my roomie came to me and said the letter and i was like shit then i tried to get it back to her, bodyguard said you need to leave and i was like i forgot to give her this letter and then i just tossed over by her and she was signing Megan's CD cover during this and she looked over and said for me ahh sweet and she smile and blew me a kiss goodbye. Man the expression on my face must have been something. Because Megan was cracking up and so was my roomie. I should have stayed over there longer because my other friend Christina stayed and talked to her for two minutes. I wish I could have taken more pictures of Amber, especially when she blew me the kiss but I wasn't expecting that at all. Well I hope she reads my letter and maybe I'll get a response. Now that would be cool, if not oh well guess I just have to live with that. Also she was like oh cool your finger nails match your tshirt that's awesome. Too bad being the loser I am all I said was yeah and yeah and yeah and yeah and just smiled, I had like so many things to say and all but for some reason I just couldn't say anything I was so in like awe. There is more to it than that too, but I'm not going to dwell on that too much. This will probably be the only time I'll ever meet her. But it truely made up for the bad week, month, year I was having. She truly made me happy and I really appreciate it. She probably couldn't even comprehend how much it meant to me that she said as much as she said too me. Also how much blowing a kiss to me meant to me either. I was like completely happy. I guess now the past is the past and I'm going to try to start a new. Forget about past and just remember everything from that moment in time and after. I gave her the web address to this site, and if she actually made it through the letter that I know was depressing and saw the website and actually came that'd be cool. It truly was a great day for me, maybe all the pain I've been through will slowly disapear. Amber Benson is the greatest.

 I need to add another link to my blog That's Christina's website urlLink . She's a super huge Buffy Fan, her like computer is like all buffied. I haven't seen it yet, but I've heard. She even has the pilot episode of Buffy with the ugly looking Willow on there. I'm looking forward to seeing that. Hahaha. But check out her site it's cool. Her top 10 list are the best.

 Was looking through some blogs because I was bored saw this on one decided I'd do it too, because I'm that damn bored, and the high of happiness I had yesterday has gone away. Back to reality..... ARGH!!!! 1) Full Name: Briann Noel Goin 2) Name Backwards: Niog Leon Nnairb 3) Were you named after anyone?: yep some actress, but dad didn't spell it like she did. 4) Does your name mean anything?: no clue 5) Nick Name(s): ok man this is a long list. Bri, DaBri, Blue Pooh, and Shiznit Pimp(interesting nickname huh?) 6) Screen Name(s): too many to list but I got BeaconStreetND,SkaManiac36,and DaBri1999 7) Date Of Birth: December 27, 1980 8) Place of Birth: not quite sure exactly but probably somewhere in the Kansas City Metropolitan area in Missouri 9) Nationality: American- True Red White and Blue through and through I claim no other nationalities because I don't live there 10) Current Location: Orange, California @ Chapman University 11) Sign: Capricorn 12) Religion: Methodist (Christian) 13) Height: 5'6-5'7 14) Weight: not answering that and nor should anyone 15) Shoe Size: we talking guys sizes or gals sizes and which kind of shoe they are all different you know. I can wear a 6.5- 8 in shoes it just depends 16) Hair color: Brown 17) Eye color: Blue 18) What do you look like?: someone who just throws on whatever, and i always look tired or high, but i don't do drugs, damn contacts when you don't get enought sleep 19) Innie or Outie?: Innie 20) Righty, Lefty, or Ambidextrous?: RIGHT! but I can go either way, just the left isn't as good though. 21) Gay, Straight, Bi, or Other?: wouldn't everyone like to know that. You tell me since I haven't done anything 22) Best friend(s): none :( 23) Best friend you trust more than anyone:I can Trust No One anymore 24) Best friends {your sex}: None 25) Best friends of the Opposite Sex: none 27) Boyfriend / Girlfriend: ugh, no one once again 28) Crush: lots of people who probably would have nothing to do with me, maybe I'm exageratting a person not people, but that's for me to know and you to find out 29) Parent(s): Virginia and Dad is no longer with us 30) Worst Enemy: LIARS 31) Favorite on-line Guy(s): none cause they all lie 32) Favorite on-line Girl(s): none cause most of them i talked online to have lied to me too 33) Funniest friend: man there is a lot of questions about friends and i don't have any 34) Craziest friend: NA 35) Advice Friend: NA 36) Loudest Friend:NA 37) Person you cry with: I cry alone Do You Have... 38) Any sisters: yes, one 39) Any brothers: NO 40) Any pets: no dog died last year while I was still at school 41) A Disease: not one that i know of 42) A Pager: no 43) A Personal phone line: nope 44) A Cell phone: yep and it's 714 and i'm not telling the rest unless you really are going to call 45) A Lava lamp: yep at home in Missouri it's blue and silver 46) A Pool or hot tub: Hot tub 47) A Car: 1996 Black Cheverolet Cavalier Describe Your... 48) Personality: never content, often depressed, but hides it with humor or stupidity 49) Driving: I drive a lot. When I'm bored, depressed or sad. I listen to the music up real loud and go get lost in the city and I always find my way back home. 50) Car or one you want: II got a car, but I'm wanting to get the Pontiac Vibe, with the six speaker system, cause I got to have the good tunes rocking in my car, Pontiacs always have great bass even in there basic sound systems. I'd like to have it in a blue, because that's my fav color if not black is cool too since that's the color of my car I have now. Just wish I had money to get it 51) Room: At home it's a complete mess you can't see the flour. The dorm well it's unorganized but not quite a mess, but stuff is here and there. 52) Whats missing?: probably my keys 53) School:Chapman University 54) Bed: at home a huge serta matress, dorm it's an ok long bed 55) Relationship with your parent(s): ok i guess Do You... 56) Believe in yourself: not really since no one else believes in me 57) Do you believe in love at first sight? not really 58) Consider yourself a good listener: yes that's what i do best i listen to everything, especially other people's conversations 59) Consider yourself a good friend: Well I'm a good friend, probably even super, because I even try to be good to people who treat me like a fucking peice of shit and like I'm a fucking joke 60) Get Along with your parents: Yes 61) Save your e-mail conversations: depends on who it is from._. 62) Pray: A lot lately 63) Believe in reincarnation: YES I swear I was a taxicab driver in a past life 64) Like to make fun of people: Haha it's a habit, but it's to those people who don't like me and do crap that is just too easy to pass up the opportunity to do so 65) Like to talk on the phone: maybe, I don't like calling people, I'm too shy so ... yeah but if the person i was talking to is really cool and had interesting stuff to talk about yes then. Do You... 67) Like to drive: YEPPERS 68) Get motion sickness: When on a boat 69) Eat the stems of broccoli: no 70) Eat Chicken fingers with a fork: no, hello they are called chicken fingers you eat them with your fingers 71) Dream in color: YEAH 72) Type with your fingers on home row: dang i forgot what that is, and I should know 73) Sleep with a stuffed animal: yes because I've been so sad and depressed lately and not feeling well 74) Right next to you: my stuffed animal Puggy Patch, pillows, the Buffy Musical CD, the mouse, and the wall and some music pinups 75) On the walls of your room: to the left of me now is various pinups of Linkin Park Staind, Alien Ant Farm, POD, Surgar Ray, Blink 182, behind me right now Big Blink 182 poster, Linkin Park, Then System of a Down Poster, Then below those No Doubt pinups, Then my smiley face calender. Then by the bathroom hooks with stuff on them none of which is mind. The on the closets are posters. My closet has Alien Ant Farm and Eve 6 and Cold, Then a Hook thingy then a Production This Way Makeup Hair/ Make up Wardrobe thing i stole from the Hoobstank video shoot and Then and Ultimate Fakebook poster, Then the wall to the right bulletin board of my rommies and tons of pictures all around it them my big huge bulletin board leaning against the wall with some pics.. That's about all that's on the walls 76) On your mouse pad: no mouse pad 77) Your dream car: 69 Ford Mustang, 69 Pontiac Firebird 78) Your dream date: hmm lets see with someone just going and doing whatever, got to have some music in there, but nothing really fancy 79) Your dream honeymoon spot: Jamacia 80) Your dream husband/wife: don't know 81) Your bedtime: whenever 82) Under your bed: shoes and towels 83) The single most important question: When will this all be over with? 84) Your bad time of the day: soo many times through out the day 85) Your worst fear(s): dying and being alone , which looks like will happen soon 86) The weather like: not too sunny but no overcast 87) The time? 2:39 pm 88) The date? 9.29.02 89) The best trick you ever played on someone: too many, and don't want to reveal anything 90) The weirdest food or drink that you like: don't know 91) Your theme song: Right now I'd have to say "Remember Me" By Hoobastank 92) The hardest thing about growing up: laundry, money, dealing with people, health 93) Your funniest experience: So Many things are amusing to me I can't remember the funniest experience 94) Your scariest moment: When a dude cut me off back home after I was done with classes and trying to get home on 291 and I swirved to the side of the road where they just put oil down, and my car kept going back and forth and then lost control of the car it spun and it the end of a cement truck and spun back across over the lanes into the medium and stopped right before my car went to the other side of 291 that was going the opposite direction and my front in was munched up and windows were busted and while i was spinning i was just saying god please don't let a car hit me, and not a car did. Thank god. 95) The silliest thing you've said: i've said many silly things, just ask my roomie. 96) The funniest or most desperate thing you've done to get the attention of the opposite sex?: nothing 97) The scariest thing that's ever happened while with your friends: nothing 98) The worst feeling in the world: being alone and feeling like shit and that everyone thinks you are a fucking joke 99) The best feeling in the world: I guess that would be feeling like someone actually cares about you and wants to listen to what you have to say and thinks you are special or are important

 Still sort of on my happiness buzz from yesterday. Man I hope I can stay happy for some more days. Probably won't happen due to the fact classes stress me out to the max. Still got to redue an AD and come up with 2 more ADs. Then I have to find my favorite pop up AD for one class and type up why I like it and why it's effective. Then the major thing today is we are going to be filming at like 9 something our gravedigger montolouge for Intro To Visual Storytelling. I feel so horrible I was in charge of location and I couldn't freaking find one because I'm not from around here. My group probably so hates me now and is going to talk shit about my films now. Dude I try my best, things just never come out how I want them. I'm sure glad now that I'm not a film major. Advertising isn't much better since you kind of have to communicate with people, and I'm not a talkative person. Plus I'm never always sure of myself, that's probably because everyone else is never sure of me. Oh well, I try my best, because that's what you always should do is do the best that you can. Man my neck and side are really bugging me. I guess I should take my medicine now for those side pains. Man I haven't heard this Counting Crows song in a long time. "Round Here" awesome song. But what song to me isn't awesome. Listening to this song it sounds like a lot of my life. Yep my life is weird and messed up. Especially if you've read posts way in the past. Well now I need to go get the contacts in and change the clothes to get ready to go shoot some montologue with the boys. How come anytime I get put in groups I always get put in a group with a bunch of guys and I'm the only girl? I guess everyone just considers me one of the guys or something.

 Interesting day. I had fun at the field hockey tournament, we finally broke our losing streak with a tie which was pretty good cause I am really sick of losing(i think most of the losing is my fault, hehe). And some bitch from Edison decides to back up into my friend's car while we were backing out of that parking lot. There's a big ass dent on the side of my friend's Corolla now. I'm freaked out about being in small cars now. The party was so fun, but I didn't like the movie we watched. And this whole paragraph doesn;t make sense, so i'm going to leave now

 Ok let's start from the begining. My roommate felt nauseated this morning so that i was seeing bad signs popping up. Then the weather was over cast and dreary another thing is usually a bad sign to me. The other bad sign was that we got lost on Sunset BLVD map quest told us to turn right instead of left. So we were lost for a while went up and down two times in a row. Then finally we stopped at an ARCO gas station and dude told us we were 12 miles away and needed to keep going to Fairfax. Well it was way passed Fairfax. We saw many things I never thought I'd see before, like KTLA studio, Nickoloden studio, and the CNN, and the Palladium. Man there was millions of studios we saw. Then finally we got to the Tower Records line wasn't long and it was like 10 something am. so we went over to the book shop. Didn't find anything there then looked at magazines. Didn't find anything, but the place had the largest smut magazine selection I'd ever seen. Man jack off city for people probably of all sexual preferences. Rather interesting since I'm not use to seeing a whole section of porn magazines. So Then we went back to Tower and I bought the Buffy Musical CD and No Doubt Maxium which is an interview CD, I figured I'd go buy the No Doubt thing too because I love No Doubt and I hadn't been able to find that anywhere. So then we got in the line and sat for a while then the moved the line to the dumpsters. Then we sat down again and tried studying some flash cards for our various classes, my roomies art, my spanish. I was too distracted then two friends from school came andthey got into line with us. The one was hungry so I went with her to get some subway. It was good I had a ham with cheese and lettuce. It was good. But I figured I'd get some Mountain Dew figuring it would make me act crazy enough to actually say something to Amber, instead of just looking and being in shock. So we wait in line then Joss Whedon drives and pulls into the sparking space I'm right in front of. Nice BMW and the liscense plate was awesome. Then eventually the line starts moving and I'm doing and singing weird and wacky shit to my roomie and my two new acquaintances from school. They think I'm freaking hilarious and loved my shirt that said "I've had A BAD WEEK MAY I HAVE A HUG" and then the back said which some people didn't get to see because of my backpack but it said "I'm in $40,000 debt due to Chapman University" Which they understood totally because they go there also. I swear our school likes to rape us of our money. But the closer we got the more like i felt one either I'm going to pass out, two I'm going to throw up or three I was going to die because my side pains had been starting up again. Caffenine BAD BAD BAD. We finally get into the store in the line and I'm like freaking. And Megan says she is so going to pass out when she gets up to Amber. She's freaking going insane and is going to flip. I started taking pictures. Then I guess I pissed off Michelle I forgot her last name , but she plays Dawn cause I kind of just said here. I didn't mean too but I was feeling rather not well and extremely nervous. After she signed the CD cover I shook her hand and said nice to meet you. The Joss I got him to sign my CD cover and I put out my hand and said nice to me you and he was like wow. Don't know if the wow was for my awesome hand shake, the fact i didn't give him shit for killing of my favorite character or for the blue finger nail polish i was wearing. I should of asked, but too nervous too because who was next. Bingo AMBER. I go to hand my CD cover and she already started reading my shirt and she was like aaaah She signed my CD cover and was like you sure can have a hug and i was like yeah and then i said can i get a pic with you too and she's like sure but i better get a hug first i was like yeah and my roomie was laughing when Amber was first started reading my shirt. It's all about getting attention and being memorable when you want to get noticed by someone famous. So I was dissing on my roomie cause she was having problems with the camera, while I had my arm around Amber who was bending over the table to pose for the picture. Man the smile on my face was huge. hahaha. Then I was like thanks, she said your welcome. Then she started talking to my roomie and said you must have waited a long time and my roomie was like yeah and said thanks. Then my roomie came to me and said the letter and i was like shit then i tried to get it back to her, bodyguard said you need to leave and i was like i forgot to give her this letter and then i just tossed over by her and she was signing Megan's CD cover during this and she looked over and said for me ahh sweet and she smile and blew me a kiss goodbye. Man the expression on my face must have been something. Because Megan was cracking up and so was my roomie. I should have stayed over there longer because my other friend Christina stayed and talked to her for two minutes. I wish I could have taken more pictures of Amber, especially when she blew me the kiss but I wasn't expecting that at all. Well I hope she reads my letter and maybe I'll get a response. Now that would be cool, if not oh well guess I just have to live with that. Also she was like oh cool your finger nails match your tshirt that's awesome. Too bad being the loser I am all I said was yeah and yeah and yeah and yeah and just smiled, I had like so many things to say and all but for some reason I just couldn't say anything I was so in like awe. There is more to it than that too, but I'm not going to dwell on that too much. This will probably be the only time I'll ever meet her. But it truely made up for the bad week, month, year I was having. She truly made me happy and I really appreciate it. She probably couldn't even comprehend how much it meant to me that she said as much as she said too me. Also how much blowing a kiss to me meant to me either. I was like completely happy. I guess now the past is the past and I'm going to try to start a new. Forget about past and just remember everything from that moment in time and after. I gave her the web address to this site, and if she actually made it through the letter that I know was depressing and saw the website and actually came that'd be cool. It truly was a great day for me, maybe all the pain I've been through will slowly disapear. Amber Benson is the greatest.

 Well today is the day. I might get to see Amber Benson. YEAH. Hopefully I won't be to far back in the line. Wish me luck. Later.

 I find these alternative suggestions for Hallmark cards quite amusing. See what you think.... "So your daughter's a hooker, and it spoiled your day. Look at the bright side, it's really good pay!" "My tire was thumping. I thought it was flat. When I looked at the tire. I noticed your cat. Sorry!" "You had your bladder removed and you're on the mend. Here's a bouquet of flowers and a box of Depends." "Heard your wife left you. How upset you must be. But don't fret about it. She moved in with me." "Looking back over the years that we've been together, I can't help but wonder: What in the world was I thinking?" "Congratulations on your wedding day! Too bad no one likes your wife." "How could two people as beautiful as you have such an ugly baby?" "I've always wanted to have someone to hold, someone to love. After having met you, I've changed my mind." "I must admit, you brought Religion in my life. I never believed in Hell 'til I met you." "Thanks for being a part of my life! I never knew what evil was before this!" "Congratulations on your promotion. Before you go, would you like to take this knife out of my back? You'll probably need it again." "Happy Birthday! You look great for your age...almost lifelike!" "We have been friends for a very long time, what say we call it quits." "I'm so miserable without you. It's almost like you're here." "Congratulations on your new bundle of joy. Did you ever find out who the father was?" "You are such a good friend that if we were on a sinking ship and there was only one life jacket....I'd miss you heaps and think of you often." "Your friends and I wanted to do something special for your birthday-- so we're having you put to sleep." and my very favorite one.... "When we were together, you always said you'd die for me. Now that we've broken up, I think it's time you kept your promise." God knows i'd like to send that card to a couple people....

 urlLink urlLink Which Buffy Girl Are You? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 Here we go again. Denise I don't like the name of this. Just change it to some like The World of DaBri. That sort of would make sense. Damn construction at school is a fucking crock load of shit. They start at 7 am and are louder than shit.

 you like my shoes? they go on sale sometime this week. they better not cost $100 or ill be pissed. pissed, but with good looking shoes. pissed, with good looking shoes, and poor. yup, that'll be me.

 I think the name needs to be changed again. Also maybe some other things needs to be changed too. However I'd like to keep my archives. But knowing Denise they'll get deleted like lots of things on my page did last time. If I give this address out to people I don't want them seeing this name jeez. I'm planning to put this website address in the letter I'm writing to Amber. So Denise you better change it. Man I can't wait for Saturday. This is like the happiest I've been all year, because of something. Hopefully, I'll continue to be happy and nothing bad will happen on the adventure we shall call The Amber is the Color of your Energy Project. hahahaha dorky ain't it, but hey we are talking about me and my roommate who I'm dragging with me who hates Buffy the Vampire Slayer. We've had many adventures, last year was the San Jose, Going Straight on the 5 Project, which has some other meanings and an inside joke, then Hollyweird with Simon Project, Then there was Cars, Drugs and Rock N Roll the Drowning Pool Project, Then last week was The Free Extras Project. I should seriously write about each one of these events and I think I just might. Everyone would definately get a kick out of them. All I have to say is some CRAZY ASS SHIT goes down in Hollywood.

 Heehee, I already changed the name. Its named after an incident after the varsity game involving my friend and a guy with his stupid bike with the stupid basket and the stupid bell

 urlLink Which Avril Lavigne Song Are You?

 I think I'm going to have to change the name of this blog since the person who does all the actual HTML and all stuff that I'm retarded about and can't figure out posts on here now, sometimes even more then I. If you have any suggestions for what I should Change the name of this blog to let me know.

 My life is really fucking ruined. Everything is messed up. I have no friends, or anything. Everyone lies to me all the time. What is it? Does everyone think I'm some kind of fucking joke? I'm failing spanish, I feel like so behind in all of my classes. I have no motivation, and I really sense that I'm dying. My neck hurts all the time and there feels like there is a knot in the middle of my neck. Then my other health problems still exist. I really just don't know what to do. I wish god would just give me something to help change my life around, because as I see it now it's going to be ending soon. :'(

 Mininum day is like the longest day of my life, I got out 12 mins later then what I told my friend, and then she drove away without me. It was a bad sign, cause later I played field hockey today and we lost 3-0 and I really sucked. Like a whore, I didn't keep my legs closed and the ball went between my legs and into the goal. Well, I better bring my running shoes tommorow then.

 The Emo Game

 urlLink

 Ok, I just wanted to get this off my chest, before my computer fucks up again. But if Clarissa is reading this post, which is highly doubtful due to the fact she never gets online, but there is something I must say. Clarissa I love you. There I said it, and not only did I say it but I actually used your entire name and not just the first letter of your name. I really just wish you'd talk to me or something, because I just like to know some things and figure some things out.

 God, this has been a long week. Well, it's been long in terms of school, but the time has actually gone by quickly, its Friday tommorow. Do any of you ever feel like time is passing you by? I swear, days just fly by me. Kind of depressing.... Anyways, i am getting more used to my classes. I kinda like my schedule even though I have to wake up at 4:30 am to go to my zero period. I'm losing sleep everyday, its getting to the point where I really want to go to bed at 9 (at least I get to get out for lunch with my friends without worrying about being late), i'm learning to deal. I have a chem test tommorow and my Algebra 2 teacher sucks, she gives so much homework. Doesn't she understand that people have lives,other classes, and do sports? I don't look forward to practice tommorow. Speaking of field hockey, this has been a losing week (remember that my pathetic life revolves around field hockey). Today we lost to this one team by 1-0. The ball was mostly on their side and we had like 12 short corners in our favor, but surprisingly we couldn't score. As for me, I could have probably saved the ball if i dived a little faster and let my stick out. Anyways, the game was really pathetic and I kinda cried when I got back home. The only thing I look forward to is the KIWIN'S Project on Saturday. Nothing like doing good ol' community service. Ok. Time for bed. Yeah, i know that post was entirely pointless and uneventful.

 urlLink

 urlLink

 urlLink

 urlLink

 urlLink What Spooky Being are You?

 21% on the "How Much Asian Pride Do You Have?" Quizie! urlLink What about you?

 I scored a 24% on the "How Much Asian Pride Do You Have?" Quizie! urlLink What about you?

