 My Gussy is my big black fat cat. I'd call him fat ass, but he'd just sit on me. Come to think of it, he does that anyway, so I guess it's not a big deal. :) No, I wouldn't really call him fat ass, he'd give me the eye and then give himself a bath. :) Em, CONGRATS on the graduation! I sorry I won't be there tomorrow, but you'll be in my thoughts! Yey for you! You did it! Well, it's about that time so I'm going to get my stuff together and stop over to see how Sarah is doing with the packing and moving. She's going back to NY for three weeks and then on the 27th she's off to Alaska. If it weren't for the eagle-sized mosquitos, I'd be completely jealous. Have a good one and I'll talk to you next week! KJT:)

 I'm not sure if my Gus looks like your Gus, it's been awhile. But he is definately a big fur ball. His offical name is Gus "The Chunk" Beresford or as John likes to call him Fat Ass. A mother never calls her child fat ass so John is getting vetoed (as usual) ;) Glad everyone is doing well. I'll write more later, need to get back to work.

 **MAJOR GRANSTREETGIRLS ANNOUNCEMENT** *ahem* Allow me to toot my own horn. I AM DONE WITH COLLEGE!!!! I just turned in my final undergraduate paper and it feels gooooooood! Just wanted to take a moment to thank all of you (and I'm being serious here)- for all of your support over the years of my in school vs. out of school antics. I think I'm too old to party like a rock star- but damn this feels good. Emily

 Does your Gus look much like my Gus? Something about round fluffy animals...:) So far today has been quiet. Everyone is taking off for the summer, some students are graduating, and my friend Sarah Livingston is going to Alaska for an internship. I talked to my grandpa last night. He was in the hospital part of last week and they found some bloodclots in the back of his heart, but he's taking blood thinners for that and since he never really felt bad, he's just enjoying the attention. My folks are back from their vacation in North Carolina. I'm going up there to do laundry this weekend and there has been talk of going to Angola to see Grandpa, but I don't know. The cats are fine, and Katy's ear is getting better (she had a yeast infection in it; how gross is that?). Other than that, same old, same old. I'm sure I'll come back in and ramble some more later, but in the mean time, have a good one!

 Pretty cool. I'll put it on my favorite sites so that I remember to check it ofter. Things are pretty much the same for me and John. Workin and more workin. We kept one of Wrigley's puppies and named him Gus. Why you ask? Simple he looks like a Gus. He one big fat furball.

 Yey! Yeah, I figure we'll all still send personal emails between each other, but this looks like a good place to hold a forum. Plus it'll keep me from playing Bejeweled all the time. Admitting you have a problem is the first step to overcoming it, right? ;) I keep waiting for the day when Garry comes out and tells me to stop playing on the computer and get back to work. I'm still getting work done but I can't help it if I like to play a game or two after lunch and before I go home....:) Yeah, this is definitely healthier for my brain. :) Oh, and just a quick note about the page: when you finish your message you have to hit the "print and publish" button to have it appear on the site. If you hit the post button it'll move to the editting box below the text box and you can go in and make more changes or whatever before you post it to the web. We can go in and read each other's stuff if we log in here but if we just want to go check out the web site we won't see each other's new logs. Yeah, I have no life and have been playing with this site too much in the last two days. :) Ok, back to the grindstone. KJT:)

 I hope I'm doing this right! What a cool idea! I'll pass this on to my grandma- cuz I'm sure she'd like to post one for the family. Even though I'll still send emails out- this is a great way for us to keep "updated". Great idea 'rissa! Em

 Hey, everyone! I thought this might be a good way for us to keep in touch. I know that we are all really busy and going through interesting times, but if we just take 5 minutes a week and let each other know what's going on, it'll be great. I miss hearing from all of you! I was listening to the radio the other morning and heard a really neat report on Bloggers. That set me thinking, this would be a great way for us to keep track of each other. Instead of writing four separate messages or sending out a mass email, this would let us all talk to each other in a more natural way. Anyway, it's just an idea. IF you're into it, hopefully I'll see you all here. And yes, John is still one of our Grant Street Girls. :) Miss you all! KJT:)

 Cara- there isn't one open just yet- it might be 6 months, or maybe sooner or later. It all depends on if anyone happens to give notice or not. And if not- then next year, Ted wants to create a position for me- but they didn't allow him to build in another position this year with this budget. I just feel that I should tell Jim that there is a possibility of me moving to another job- this way, I can guage his reaction and react accordingly. He may not want to stay involved if I could move away- or he'll express support (and I think I'll see the first one). But once I tell him this- I may also consider very loosely, looking for other positions out of state. I'm not looking to make any sudden moves. I just know that if I was dating someone who was considering moving out of state for a job, I would want to know- to protect my heart. I'm just trying to be fair.

 Em--I thought you said there wasn't a position open in Philly yet. Did I read that post wrong? How quick could this happen?

 Cara- Well, we've been just talking- and we got together a week ago and had a really long talk- however, things are always up and down with him. Honestly, I just don't know what to do with him. But I have a feeling that when I tell him I'm considering a job in Philly- he'll run for the high hills anyway....which is fine. I'm totally craving Greek food- I hope Jen calls me soon! I think that Bob's surprise was awesome. And the way you told the story was awesome- I was totally getting pissed. I'm glad he got you that Sims game- I was actually going to get it for you, b/c I know you really like it. I was at a friend's house last night and his roomate had the new Matrix game- I haven't seen either of the movies- but the game was freaking cool. The finale of Friends (or what I saw) was terrible- WAY to predictible. I did hear that this was the last season- maybe just a few episodes to wrap it up. Steph- I heard that Lugar was really boring. I also heard about the big "Peace" banner that people held up and that it was just like a really odd day overall. But I'm sure Kris is glad to be done and have his degree. I can't wait for that multi-thousand dollar piece of paper. Anyway....I have to go get my oil changed.....talk to you guys later!

 Emily--Did you just say you were talking to Jim? Please explain. Nothing really new here. Bob came home from work on Thursday and says "I bought you a present!" So I get all excited because he never buys me things and ask what. He says "I bought you a swiffer and I got the new Matrix game!" I was so pissed. I told him that was no present and he sucks for presenting it that way. He then says, "woman, go fix me a glass of milk." I told him that he could get his own damn glass of milk. Buy me a fucking swiffer and expect me to be your fucking maid. He then tells me again to go in the kitchen and then I knew something was up because he never does that. So I went into the kitchen and he bought me the new Sims game, Superstar. I was very excited. He had me completely fooled. I thought I was going to have to get mean. Bet you thought it would be a cat. What else? Found out that one of our sales reps gives head to my general manager (the one that makes me turn red). That's the rumor anyway. It sort of makes sense since she's horrible and no one will (or can) fire her. He's disgusting though. I thought she would have better taste. The season finale sucked on Friends. I have only seen two episodes this season but was totally able to predict what would happen at the end of this one. Remember when they were good? Ugh.

 ok, so my boss came back to work. doesn't matter anyway, i was busy all day. the good thing is i will be getting commission soon for all of my sales. em- we all knew you were a keeper anyway! we could have told him that. :) kris's graduation was pretty boring too. richard luger didn't even excite the retarded guy that was there. his speech was long and booooooooring. and then one of the female trustees went on about atom bombs and graduate's decisions? everyone was either talking or sleeping. but i am really proud of kris and i would sit through it again for him. i think it's awesome that you finally get to hold your degree, em. cara- thanks for the advice, i'll definitely check it out. i always liked the unpacking part of moving. i think you should name your cat whatever you want. ;) i did see part of the eclipse last night. i was watching a movie most of that time though. we saw x-men 2, which was pretty good. i liked the special effects. i am really enjoying all of these comic book movies. i'm glad that the office move is over for you now! :) that kind of sleep you have when you've worked physically hard for a day is nice. well, i'm super tired (and i even overslept for 30 min.). talk to you all later.

 What a day- what a week- what a life! I did see the eclipse last night- I had forgotten but I called Jim and he was just going outside to watch it start- so I watched it eclipse and then I got bored (plus it started to hurt my eyes from staring). John and I both got great kudos from our Director of Marketing today- John's was for the mystery shop that Ted did and he really did well (Jen, I forwarded the comments to John- you'll have to ask him about them!). Ted sent an email to my COO and GM saying the I was a "keeper" - yea me! Anyway- back to work...just wanted to check in.

 Ok ladies and Chris. I am sitting at work after our big move and I am TIRED!! They had to move things and get this I had to use a (brace yourselfs) DOLLY. I am brusied from bumping into things and I am grouchy b/c we are done but are just sitting around doing nothing to fill up our 8 hours. Will right more later when I am not so tired, stinky and grouchy. Karissa-Kerrie is Markus' (John's brother) fiance. She is the 19 year old.

 hey girls and chris! my boss is finally out of the office so when i get these internet orders done i will write more this afternoon. just wanted to let you know i'm still here! :) just been busy as hell! talk to you in an hour or 2.

 Hey! Did you guys see the eclipse last night? It was so awesome! I had to watch "Friends" before I went out, but then it was really neat. I feel all refreshed today. I sat out in the cold in my nightgown and sweatshirt (yeah, great choice of wardrobe, I know) and listened to a CD the whole time the moon was in full eclipse. When it started to come out again I went in. My upper body was plenty warm but my legs were icy! Good thing I have cats who like to curl up around me in bed. :) Chris, you could tell your bos that in Alaska everyone has a bear bell they wear when they walk outside to alert the bears sleeping in parks that humans are coming. It stops people from getting eaten or bitten or damaged in some other way by bears who were asleep and then startled awake by an idiot sneaking around the parks. Then when you give her a bell it'll be for her own good. Paint the word "Alaska" and little picture of a bell and you're set! :) My bosses don't usually sneak up on me, either. Sometimes they come up behind me and I've been thinking about something else and they startle me, but that's completely different. One of my students has started stomping up behind me so I'll know she's coming. I guess she got tired of seeing me jump out of my skin every time she came to ask me a question. I'm still amazed Dr. Martens make such little noise on linolium. I wish I'd known about the book shortage a few weeks ago. I just cleaned out my shelves and sold some to the used bookstore. The rest I took to the women's shelter here in town. You know, IU has a book sale every year. They should contact Dave Frasier in the Reference department and see if they can work out some kind of deal. I think his email is frasier@indiana.edu. If not, they can just email the reference department. I don't know if it would do any good, but it's worth a shot. At the moment, I can't think of anything else to say. I'm going to Angola to see my grandpa this weekend. My folks are driving, which means I get to sleep in the car. We're leaving from their house tomorrow morning. I guess Abby is going to the symphany with her boyfriend tomorrow night, so I won't get to see that much of her. Um, and that's about as exciting as it is here so far today. But then, it's only 9:10. There's plenty of time for things to pick up by the end of the day. Everybody have a good one and if I don't write more this afternoon (i.e. if it remains boring and quiet), I'll talk to you all next week. Have a great day! KJT:)

 I think it's cool that everyone wrote- I really like this thing- Thanks again Karissa. Chris!!! Good to see you old buddy old pal. Can't wait to hear the homeless cyclist story- your stories rank among the best. I think it's the delivery..... Cara- really- don't feel guilty about graduation for one more second. You would have been bored anyway. And definitely hungry, then you would have been grouchy. :) My brother is still in State College- PA at Penn State. He isn't moving after graduation- his lease is through August, but he doesn't know what he's doing either- he's in limbo right now. He doesn't know what he's going to do for money either. Granted, he got the looks- but I got the planning skills (which I had to develop- so perhaps he'll come around). I'm still looking in the want ads- I'm not counting out anything- but it was nice to be noticed for my hard work. I probably have a bunch of books I could donate to the library too- I have books I couldn't sell back (novels) and I won't ever read again. Don't get me wrong, I can appreciate good literature- but it took me everything I had to get through Grapes of Wrath. My boss doesn't sneak around- he just yells through the wall at me- or sneaks up to my window (that doesn't look outside, just looks into the hall) and peaks through the blinds....he's a dork- but an ex-NARC so he's sneaky.

 Damn! Did EVERYONE write today or what? Don't you love new things? Everyone puts in such effort! Where should I start? Emily--Where does your brother live now? Is he going to move after graduation? Has he found a job yet? That's really cool that your boss has bigger plans in mind for you. I wish I had bigger plans in my professional life. Have huge ones in the personal...and I'm just getting started on that. Does this mean you are no longer looking in the want ads? I still feel guilty for missing your graduation. I forgot that I have a mother-in-law. Jen--Had a FABULOUS time at my fancy schmancy dinner. $600 bucks a plate!! I heard that even the mayor was there! But you know, even though people have alllll that money, they still dress and act like idiots. We saw a woman pop out of her outfit on the dance floor. Another woman had on a black sequin dress with a crown royal bottle design on the butt of it. Men who were too drunk to stand but thought they could dance. By the way, tell Liza to grow up. It's her future sister-in-law. She's going to have to talk to her sometime! What better time than now when they HAVE something to talk about? Steph--I don't know if I told you this or not but some states give out grants for down payments on houses. There might be an income limit and you'll have to take classes on home buying but I think it would definitely be worth checking into. We made too much money and we couldn't make it to the classes anyway. Chris--Ever see the episode of Seinfeld where Elaine puts tic-tacs in her co-workers jacket so she always knows where he is? Our manager is very sneaky too. For some reason, whenever he says hello to me...I instantly turn red. It's not a crush thing at all! It's because he makes me so uncomfortable. He even asked me once why my face was so red. Karissa--I'm currently sorting out my book collection. The libraries here get most of their funding from the steel mills and since they haven't been doing so well, the libraries are really hurting. They have to cut back their hours of operation and are spending all donated money on new books. The selection there is lousy! The cost for library cards are ridiculous. Everyone is effected (affected?) by the steel mills here. Almost everyone (male) we know has worked or is working in one.

 Sniff...smell that? Testosterone, baby. I'm at work and have yet to read all of the entries; however, as an egotistical bastard, I did look for my name. Seems the word "spicy" is always nearby. I like that. I also saw mentions of high cut underwear (Lane Bryant?), kittens, puppies, and Philly. Glad to see all you ladies are doing well and keeping out of trouble. All but Cunningham. From what I've heard, Chicago will never be the same : ) After I am fully caught up with my reading of this site, I will write a massive entry in the coming days/hours. Not now though. The Gestapo (ie. my boss) is lurking. She wears quiet shoes so I never hear her coming around the corner. Maybe I should put a bell on her. I've already been caught this week creating some "art" on Mircrosoft Paint. The "art" included the Pope and Jesse Jackson. Ok, kids. I have a story of a homeless man on an exercise bike that I will share with you later. Hope you are all doing well!

 This is a really big day, astrologically speaking. There's a full moon and a full lunar eclipse tonight, plus there are storms all over the place, or will be when we want to watch the moon. There was something else but I can't remember it now. I'm sure it will come to be later. :) Things here are pretty good. We just had an early lunch because my stomach was going to eat itself. Polly went and sat outside, but until we get a picnic table I'm not going to take my hot bowl of easy mac out of the break room. I just don't want to burn my thighs! ;) Well, not that way...:) Oh, but I am having and underwear issue I thought I'd share. When Nat was here, she insisted that I buy a bra and underwear set that matched. She was horrified by my boring selection. So, we went to Lane Bryant and I picked one pair of underwear and two bras. The bras are both underwire, and I'm finding it rather uncomfortable as the day goes on. Those wires are rubbing me! But it does make my chest more spectacular than usual, so I may just have to adapt and graw callusses on my tummy. But the second thing is the funny part. These underwear were marked high cut but they are just as long as any pair of briefs I've ever owned. So I'm wearing relatively sexy granny panties. Ok, maybe it's only funny to me, but I just think it's funny that they were marked high cut. How large would a woman have to be for them to rid eup that far? Maybe an amazon woman. I just don't know. :) Em: I don't know about starting other blogs in here. I think you can make as many as you want under your own user name but if you go through this one it might be open for all of us to see. You'll have to give it a try and run a test to see what happens. Then we'll see if we can access it? I don't know how else to try that. Also, yey for you workin' it with your boss! It's so great that he'd want you to move to the CMT in Philly. Of course I don't want you to leave, but you'd be closer to your mom and Rachel and it would give us excuses to take road trips and come see you. I think that's very cool! Jen: Everything is great here, if a little boring. I'm doing my least favorite job today but if I don't do it it won't get done. So we're just going to have to keep the tunes spinning so my brain can do something else while my hands do the work. Hopefully no bloodshed this time, either. :) Who's Kerrie? When are you moving? Do you need some help? Just let me know. :) Cara: I like the name Marla, too. But when you get a kitten you might think that's not her name and come up with something completely different. That's how it was with Lulu. I thought Lucia was a good name, and I still do, but she's way too silly to have such a sofisticated name. She's a Lulu, that's for sure. :) How much more do you have to unpack? Tell Bob that it's really not cute to call kittens 'little shit' either. ;) Steph: Thanks for the heads up on the bill paying thing. I'll have a look and see how it all works. I'm not sure if I'll do it, though. It's easier for me to keep track of everything if I do it by hand and send out the bills. But I'll definitely think about. :) Where are you working now? Are you still with that store where you filled catalog orders? That seemed like a neat place to work. OK, girls, I'm more than happy to invite Chris, but I still need his email so I can send him the invite. I'll go ahead and send it to the one address I have but if he has a different one now than he did before Cara's wedding, I don't have that. As for his cousin, well, yeah, I have to say that the odds are it's probably only a matter of time before she's on the evening news, but I still hope she's successful and that nothing happens to the kids she's in charge of. I can send her happy thoughts if I don't have to deal with her in person. We'll just have to wish her luck and hope for the best, I guess. That's all we can do. Anyway, back to my boring task at hand. Everybody have a good day and I'll talk to you later! KJT:)

 Things are pretty much the same around here. I opened my big mouth and offered to help Liza with Kerrie's wedding shower, thinking that I would maybe help with food or decorations or something. NO, I have to call Kerrie and get how many people she wants to invite, the names and the addresses so that Liza can send out the invites. All b/c Liza feels that she doesn't have anything in common with Kerrie. This is totally going to be the way things are for the rest of our lives. Liza won't interact much with Kerrie and Kerrie is too intimidated by Liza so I will be caught in the middle b/c I can interact well with both. Oh well. John and I are starting to pack so that we can move to Whiteland. Never thought I would see the day where I would be excited about moving back to Whiteland. Cara-I think that the name Marla is cute. How was the high society dinner? Did you break out the jewels and the furs? Em-I will miss you if you leave but that is a great opportunity if it works out. Go Em! Just don't get your Dir. Of Mktg anymore speeding tickets! :) Karissa-How are things down under in the library? Good I hope! We should definately add Chris. We could always use a little Chicago flavor. Steph-Hope things for you and Adam are good. I'll check out that website later. If you are installing pagemaker on your computer you should check out Quark. It is a better version of pagemaker and you can do a lot of stuff with it. I gotta to back to my crazy office. We are in the process of moving to a new building tomorrow and I need to pack 'em up and move 'em out! Jen

 hey, i can't write much now, but wanted to let you guys know i signed up for some free e-bill pay thing where i can pay all my bills from this one website. i sent you all an invite to do it because if you sign up i get money. :) plus it's easy and thought you might be able to take advantage of it. just wanted to let you know in case you're wondering "what the hell is this?". it really is cool. but i should be WORKING instead of messing around on the internet. gotta go, talk more later! steph

 What I'm wondering is: where are the other posts? Can we start other blogs within this or is it just one consecutive thing? Damn I feel like an idiot! :) Job Update: My Director of Marketing has been in town the last few days for our operations review- and he and I had a 2 hour talk this afternoon about me, my job, my performance and my future goals. I told him that I like my job but that I was concerned b/c there isn't anywhere up for me to go in this area. So he said that he would love to have me as part of the Corporate Marketing Team- and would I ever consider moving to Philly. So I thought about this- ok, I'm single, no kids- no family here ('cept you guys). I told him that if it was the right position, right money and right time that I would definitely consider it. There isn't an open position now- but if something comes available, he wants to talk to me about it. School Update: Graduation was SO long (right Jen?) but it was worth it. I'm glad I went- but if I go back for my MBA ever, I will NOT go through the ceremony again. Cara- happy about you getting a kitten, that's exciting!!! I think Marla is a cute name. Speaking of the nasty underwear, that's like Men and their jeans- WHAT THE HELL do they do in them that they ALWAYS wear them out and have holes in the crotch? I can have jeans for YEARS and they don't get holes unless I purposefully put them there. ADD CHRIS!! He'll be the Spicy-Chicago-Slice-O-Pie that this Blog needs! Cara/Steph- glad to see you joined, I was starting to wonder about you!! :) Note about Jenny D: at 12 kids- doesn't she have to have a license??? I'm telling you- she's going to end up on the evening news- sooner than later. Ok- I'm so exhausted, gotta go to bed (and yes, it's not even 9pm yet!) ***hugs***

 I know I have been lousy with the emails. Things are just crazy around here with getting the house set up. I want just about every room painted and there are STILL boxes every where. Doesn't help that the parents are now dropping off childhood shit too. Bob had a couple of boxes of t-shirts and match cars that his parents brought over the other day. The t-shirts are stained and have holes in them but he won't give them away. (I'm not going to even mention a pair of underwear that he REFUSES to throw away. I swear to god, you can see THROUGH them. Nasty.) But once everything is put away, we're going to get a kitten. I'm very excited and it's good incentive for me to get moving. I want to name her Marla after Fight Club but I don't think Bob likes the name. I keep thinking of that one line, "if I had a brain tumor, I would name it Marla." You do NOT have to worry about me asking anything about that freak, Jenny Devlin. The thought of her running a daycare sends chills up and down my spine. Chris says that she is really busting her ass on it though and is up to 12 kids! ***WHITELAND NEWS UPDATE***** When I was at Amber Richter's shower two weeks ago, Liana Lewis was having her own wedding shower in the room next door. Shawn Richter is getting married to a woman named Atlantis. (no joke...that's her name). The only thing I know about her is that Amber doesn't like her much and Atlantis blurted out to his entire family that she once had a lesbian experience in college. I think he met her at IU. That's all I know, folks.

 Sure we can invite Chris Clark, even though I didn't really know him until recently. But i'm going to be selfish and not invite his cousin. I'm sorry, but I'm just not ready to deal with her yet. But Chris, definitely! Just send me his email address and I'll send the message. I was starting to wonder about you two, Cara and Steph. But I know it's not always easy to get online or find teh time to sit and write. I'm just obsessed with the computer at work, so it's easy for me. :) I had to find something to keep me from going blind from Bejeweled and Cubis. Plus it's nice to be writing again. I'm starting to think outside of work-related things again, and that's a relief. I could totally feel my IQ dropping as I went home to the TV each night. I'm keeping a personal blog, too. It gives me something to think about when I'm doing some repetitive task, like putting pages back in a book. Then I can write on breaks and there are almost complete thoughts. Amazing how that works. :) Anyway, I'd better get back to work. I haven't been covered in glue all morning and it's about time I am. :) Have a great day and I'll talk to you all later! KJT:)

 hey guys! i finally got this f-ing thing figured out. my computer wasn't allowing cookies, but it didn't tell me that! i just wanted to let y'all know that i'll be posting on here also. i gotta go right now though because adam's brother is adding stuff to our computer. cool pagemaker stuff!! talk to you guys soon! love and miss all of you. steph

 Hey admin. girl! Would it be ok to invite Christopher Clark to our little group? He was around (a little) for the grant street days. I think you need to invite him since you are the site admin chick. If you don't wanna...that is fine with me. He didn't actually LIVE there. Anyone heard from/seen Steph this weekend? Mrs. C

 Hey guys, This is a pretty cool idea. I wish I could write more but I have to go to work now. I just wanted to check things out. I'm still recovering from my "high society" weekend. I really wish I was rich. Cara PS I didn't read Karissa's comment about post and publish until now.

 Emily--you know my views on Jim. Do the bandaid method and run away quickly. The man is a complete prick and you deserve better. I remember when I took Tim to the Brickyard. He was very well behaved even though he drank about 6 beers in the first 30 minutes. He helped pull three men off my cousin's creepy husband at the time. Oh the good ole days. Karissa--you were such a lifesaver at my wedding. We would have completely forgotten the rings if it wasn't for you! Jen--Of course it is up to you, but Bob and I would recommend not having a reception after the wedding. We had such a great time in Vegas, that it seemed redundant. We still had fun but I think we would have liked to have that money back now. Tell John that he CANNOT skip out on the proposal. No way, Jose. He better do it right or make him do it again! Stephanie---When the hell is Mardi Gras? Kristy is INSISTING we go to New Orleans in late March for Bill's 30 birthday. She's said that no one can be pregnant at the time either. (I think she's more worried about Holly than me about that one). But you know how I feel about Mardi Gras.....

 Man- what a week! I'm so glad it's almost over! I've worked so many hours this week, I stopped counting a long time ago. I was in bed by 9:30 last night- and I SWEAR I was asleep by 9:32. Things are good here- though busy. I got prime tickets to the Indy 500- wish me luck, I'm going with Tim. Other than that- I've made some new friends. These people are the equivalent to friends we would make if two short busses collided. They are our friendship equals- it's really odd. Anyway...it doesn't hurt that I'm very attracted to one of them...but that's a whole other story. But his name is Brian- and I think you'll all be hearing more about him in the future. As for Rene and/or Jim- both are still lingering in my world. Rene just calls once every couple of weeks and wants to get together- which never works out because he always chooses a day when I'm busy. And Jim is "anti-female" right now (but he's quick to say that it has nothing to do with me)- he drives me freaking crazy which is why I can't date him anymore- but I'm trying the slow letdown method. I probably should go the bandaid route- but I can't do that. I actually picked up my diploma this week- it's pretty cool. I had to make copies for HR and my boss for my personnel file. Neato. What else, what else??? My apartment is a freaking mess- I haven't had time to clean this week and it just keeps getting worse. You watch- this will be the weekend someone does a "drop in". Well anyway- short but sweet- I have to finish up work so I can get the hell out of here today. Have to work tomorrow morning too. Talk to you guys soon!!

 Yey for Jen and John! This is so exciting! Just be sure he knows that he has to really propose, though. Steph and Joel had the date set and the church reserved before Joel finally got up the nerve to ask her to marry him. It's not like she was going to say no at that point, but we were starting to wonder if he was taking that for granted. Besides, he has to come up with something to rival the proposal at the Dunes. That's going to be tough...:) I can't believe three (no, five with Kris and Mandy) of my friends will be married! That's so wild. :) Definitely great, though. We're all growing up. When did that happen? Some days it seems like we've been on this planet forever and some days it's like we're still kids who want to run to mom and dad for comfort. I'm so happy for you two! If there's anything I can do to help, just let me know. I'll be there with my emergency kit. :) And if you want, you can borrow the same coin I lent Cara for good luck. Remember trying to get that under the label of her shoe? ;) Anyway, I'd better get to work. Love all of you! KJT:)

 yeah Cara what ever info that you can find would be great. I knew that you would be there. I don't have vacation time until nxt April. I would think that they would let me se some of it early but it will probably be next year sometime. No exact date or anything yet but John is talking more serious that I have ever heard him. I mean he always said that I want to get married to you but I think that he was afraid of the grownup stuff now he says that I WANT to be married. Yeah Me! I think we would try to do something traditional but I am not sure. John was really impressed with your ceremony short and to the point but had meaning. So kudos for the Cunninghams and their great wedding. :)

 Jen, I am sooo excited for you! I want to clarify that I *will* be there even if it's not a year from now. I'll work something out. Trust me. For some reason, a couple of hours ago, I just got really excited about your wedding. Do you know what kind of ceremony that you want to have? Want to go traditional or more fun? I love weddings, especially ones that deal with people I know and love! There are so many options in Vegas. I had made some spreadsheets somewhere comparing the different hotel wedding packages. I can try to look for them, if you want. Sorry...I'm excited. Gotta go. Lunch hour is almost up.

 I know I've been totally lax in my blogging duties- I just wanted to say hi. I'll try to write more this evening. Lots to tell I guess...I've got to go to a golf outing- see you guys later!

 I am glad that Ruben won. I liked Clay alot but Ruben had my from the get go. They are both such classy guys with the way that they handle their won and lost. But Simon said that they are putting both of their CD's out the same way. Not sure when we are getting married. More than likely it will be about a year from now. But John really wants to do it in Vegas and than have a reception afterward back home for people that couldn't manage or afford to fly out. I think that he was so impressed with your wedding Cara with the ceremony and than the reception. More a little later gotta get to the grind here at work.

 At first I thought I managed to break into someone else's blog. I was so excited. I don't know who else would have the user name Mrs C though! :) Oh, Ruben won American Idol. He's great but I was really rooting for Clay. He seemed like the underdog. He looks so much better than when he started out! I love the simpsons. Laugh my ass off everytime. I would love to go back to Vegas!! We were just talking about wanting to go back. I'll just have to figure something out with work. It depends when you decide to do it. If you get married in a year from now, I'll have vacation days....if not, I have to not miss one day of work or be late for a couple of months a head of time to be able to get off without being penalized. Jenny Devlin and I went to Bullwinkle's one night for karaoke night. I think that was the night two lesbians made out on our table while we were sitting there. It was akward.

 Hey, everybody! I'm playing with the page setup. If you don't like it, let me know and I'll change it back. Hell, if I don't like it, I'm going to change it back. :) Nothing exciting here at all. It's a Wednesday and that's about it. I've never played Sims. Don't look so shocked; I'm sure I'd be addicted to it faster than snot in a sneeze, but it's not Mac compatible. Nothing is these days. But just wait until Steve Jobs takes over the world. Not only will we all have to dress like him (black long-sleeved T-shirts and jeans) but we'll all have iBooks in our bathrooms, flatscreens in the office, and iPods implanted in our brains. And he won't charge us a million dollars to do it, like Bill Gates would if he could. Only half a mill...;) I can't wait to see Matrix Reloaded. I didn't want to go last weekend because I knew the theatre would be crazy wild. Maybe I'll catch a matinee sometime this weekend. No, I'm helping Sarah and Rob hang drywall. Well, I'll get there sometime. I want my first viewing to be on the big screen, not in my living room. So, I'd better think about getting some work done. The end is in sight for my least favorite task, so I'm going to push hard today to finish my boring job so I can do something more exciting. You know, like sew pamphlets into binders. :) Anyway, have a good day and I'll talk to you all later! KJT:)

 Nothing much here new and exciting. Chris-John is doing great. He is turning into a sales machine. He would do better if the Sprint store that he worked at did more business but he got a shout out from one of the higher ups in the company that got forwarded on to the COO. The move that I just did was for my company. We basically moved from one side of 37 to the other side. But John and I are getting ready to move to his childhood home in Whiteland. His mom is going to charge us cheap rent so that we can save up to buy our own house (or that one if we feel froggy) and get married. With that said John has been doing serious talking about marriage and where we want to get married. Anyone feeling another trip to Vegas? Nothing definate but it is in the works. I know Em would like that because she can revist the strip club that she enjoyed so much. Cara-If your a dork than we are all dorks. I am so addicted to Sims haven't gotten the newest one yet but it's only a matter of time. They also have it for the Playstation and Game Cube and I think that I am going to have John buy the version for Game Cube for our drive to New York in a month. His cousin is graduating and the family is having a big party. Aida and Steve just bought a van that has a TV and VCR in it and we are all taking that to save on money. Aida told us that we just have to buy a tank of gas for it. I am also looking forward to American Idol. I'm voting for Rueban since Kimberly got voted off. I like Clay and would listen to him but Rueban would be the person that I would buy his album. 'Rissa-that is so sweet about your grandma. And what was your dad thinking about calling you during Friends. Unfortunately I missed the last 2 Friends episodes but John nows not to bother me on Thursdays night and than its mutal for tuesday evenings at 9 b/c we watch 24. That show is AWESOME! It has the coolest storylines. Talking about dorky things I think that John and I are going to karoke night with the geek squad from my work tomorrow at Bullwinkles. We went one other time and cracked up the whole time at the people singing. John and I ended up playing pool and kicking the geek squad's butt. I mean if I can play pool you would think that even geeky boys could. What is the world coming too. One kid said that if it was virtual pool he would have the table cleaned up. More later kiddos I gotta get back to my rough job teching books and listening to my headphones.

 i want to get that sims game too. i want it for playstation though. i wouldn't mind it on the computer, but i would need to buy more ram because i'm sure it would slow it down. i liked the first matrix. we'll definitely see reloaded, but i don't want to go when there's a lot of people there so it might be awhile. i figured that about friends from watching the previews, but i wasn't sure. i don't think they are trying too hard with the storylines because they know it's about over. there's not much they CAN do with the show anymore. the only shows that seem to be doing something new everytime are the simpson's and south park. those shows will always have something to write about because they are really funny commentaries on our society (which i don't think is disappearing anytime soon). i haven't even watched this season of american idol. i got all idoled out after last year's. i think paula abdul looks hideous. she's turning into joan rivers or something. ick. cara- that comment about your grandma's boyfriend maybe not existing cracked me up. oh, and you're definitely not a dork. :)

 Steph--Rachel and Joey are now "together." I think Phoebe is the only one now who hasn't hooked up with a friend. We saw the Matrix Reloaded last night. I never saw the first one and all I had was Bob's thirty second synopsis before the movie started. I was able to follow pretty well. I appreciated all the work that went into it....but I still wasn't that impressed. I wasn't in awe of it like everyone else in the room. Of course, I had been up since 3:45 a.m. and was soooo tired. He'll probably drag me to the next one. It was about a half hour too long for me. Karissa--that is very cool about your grandma. Too bad you weren't invited to the wedding. I bet it would have been cute. My grandmother had a boyfriend in the nursing home a couple of years ago. Never met or saw him. She also has alzheimers so he might not even exist. Bob's in Wisconsin until Friday so I'll probably be playing the Sims alot. There are ton of things to do around the house but I still am not caught up on my sleep. American Idol is on tonight and tomorrow. Who can do anything else?? Have I become a complete dork or what? The Matrix AND the Sims??

 so what happened on friends? i don't even watch it anymore, but you have made me want to know what was so predictable. did another 2 friends "finally" get together? :) karissa-that's good news about your grandma. it's nice to hear that even grandparent types can still fall in love. i'm sure she's happy to have someone to talk to and do things with everyday. i wanted to see identity. i just haven't had the chance yet. we're going to some friends' house tonight to watch -get this- star trek nemesis. i haven't watched any star trek movies since middle or elementary school. but they are huge trekkies so it should be interesting watching them anyway! the movie actually looks pretty cool. gotta get back to work. talk to ya later!

 Hey! I thought I posted here earlier today but apparently it didn't go through. Weird. It's not even in the post section. That's crappy. I must have just hit the wrong button. Anyway, I have some interesting news. My Grandma Betty, my mom's mom, got married on Wednesday of last week. The only reason we knew is because Grandma Brown saw in the paper that she had bought a marriage licence. How wild is that? But the guy seems to be good for her. He is a retired nurse who worked with patients who were both physically and mentally ill, so he knows how to handle her. He cooks for her and cleans up after himself and has fixed her car so they can take it places. He gets her out of her tiny apartment at least once a day. Well, I guess it's really their tiny apartment. He moved in with her. She's put on some weight (finally) and looks happy. It was nice to see her looking so good. Grandpa Brown was in pretty good shape, too. He's perking around pretty well since his stint in the hospital. His color is better, anyway. Other than that, I can't remember what all I said. I know that I seem to be the only one who was squealing with joy at the "Friends" finale. I've been waiting all season for it. I stopped answering the phone when it was on. It pissed my dad off one night. He called about 5 minutes before it was going to start and I was cleaning out the litter box so I just told him I'd call him back after. It ended up he called me back and was a little pissy about being put off for a TV show. Mom had warned him about calling me then and he did it anyway, so I don't feel bad about it. SO now I'm going to get some work done and see if I can remember anything else I wrote in my post this morning. I really thought I hit the right button, you know? I've got to get my fine motor skills working again. :) Have a good one and more later! KJT:)

 Hello females. Hope you all had a nice weekend.... Thanks for the advice re: bell for the boss. Tic Tacs and bears. Who knew? Maybe I give my boss Tic Tacs and hope there's a bear out there in search of minty breath. Two birds, one stone. I'm realizing this site is the equivalent of a guy's locker room. Interesting. I am quite aware of the male to female ratio though. So, just for the record, I love Friends, kittens, and weddings and am totally annoyed when my underwear rides up : ) Congrats to Emily Mersich! Are you still interested in working in an ad agency or just seeing where the road takes you? Philly would be nice, and close to Latrobe, no? Chicago would be nice too. Let me know if you're looking, I'll ask around. Hey, who Jim is? This isnt Jimmy the Cupper is it? If it is, I'll kick your ass. That man's hand had the curvature of a soup ladle. Jen, where did you move to? How's that Beresford? What the hell's a swiffer? Have you seen Identity? That's a f'd up movie. I think I liked it, but am not too sure. Not a whole hell of a lot going on up here, just working and sleeping and occasionally looking at houses/condos with a realtor afflicted with ADD. I swear to the lord above, while we were driving to look at a condo, the woman says, "Look, an elf!" I said, "Wha..?" and she says "...not really!" That was it. I must say though, she has very good taste and owners/developers seem afraid of her. Anyway, we've seen a couple of places that are ok, but nothing that knocks our socks off. Can you post pictures on this thing? The Taste of Chicago is featuring Elvis Friggin Costello. On my birthday. The gods are smiling on me... Ok, time to go home for dinner....take care.

 i didn't find out the underwear they own, but i think i could probably guess by their style. :) there was only 4 of us there that showed up so it wasn't so bad. they were nice enough, but i didn't know most of the people they were talking about. they had good food there too, chicken alfredo from semolina's. mmm. thanks for the website. i was wondering about jen too.

 Damn it...I posted something and I don't see it.

 Karissa--His eyes are blue but I think they're going to change. I hope they won't but I can tell they're getting darker. That's cool that your niece is begining to walk. It's so exciting watching kids grow up. I never had the opportunity until Carter (Holly's son) came around. He gets bigger every time I see him and I see him at least once a week! Steph---Jenny D has 8 (?) brothers and sisters. She's used to being around children and I think she could be quite good at it. It's her personal life that I'm afraid will mess up her professional life. If that makes any sense. I do wish her luck though. I just got fed up with her lying to me all the time. I hope you met some nice girls at the party. That's a good way to get to know them...find out what underwear they own! Chris---I wanna go to Taste of Chicago. I love eating all the food. That's all I've ever done there. Love the city in the summer time! Im working on my paragraph about the garden gnome. I'm sure everyone here on the blogger cannot wait to read it. Em---I think Chicago would be the perfect place for you. If you can handle the winters, that is. You would already know people up there and I'm sure Bob's sister would love to show you around too! What the hell happened to Jen?

 www.growingtreechildcare.com It's a nice site.

 hey guys, what's jenny d's website? i'd like to check it out. the last time i talked to her was in vegas, and we got along just fine (even though she still has my shirt and maybe a couple of other things :)). she did seem really happy and it made me think maybe she did get some stability in her routine. i hope she likes working with kids, i guess you have to if you put that much effort into getting a daycare started! :) it sounds like she is making bloomington her home for awhile. i don't like gnomes either. they are tacky and ugly. they seem like they belong at a mini golf place or an amusement park for little kids. cara- at least you'll know never to buy that color paint again! :) you live and learn. luckily it can be changed. have you gotten everything unpacked yet? i know it took me a couple of months, no actually there are still some things in boxes right now. no use getting them out yet. i have to help with inventory tomorrow. yuk. and tonight i am going to a friend's "lingerie" party (instead of bacholerette party-she didn't want strippers) and she is the only one i will know there. i don't like those situations. i probably won't say 2 words the entire time i'm there. at least it's only for a couple of hours. :) talk to ya later!

 Garden Gnomes are a scary thing. There was an episode of Will & Grace that had one on there- it touches on the same irrational fear of Clowns that I have. One day, when I have a garden- NO ONE buy me a garden gnome please. Garden frog, or stepping stones...fine...but no gnomes. Though we've all had our moments with Jenny- she is still the source of some of the most fun, and funniest stories I have from my early years in Btown...that is stuff I'll never forget. You just don't meet a friend every day who hits herself because of an itch. That's the DEFINITION of quirky. I just picked up the awards for our meeting on Sunday from the engraving shop. I swear it's a little lovefest every time I go there. They just love me, and I just love them. They always get stuff done so quick- and are so nice....wonder if they have any single brothers. . . I am WAY into a boy-crazy phase of my life again. This whole "dating-around" thing is new to me, and I'm liking it. Can someone tell me why Prosciutto and Salami look so much alike? Gotta drive to Columbus.

 An addendum - Hey, please dont think I was upset or anything. I wasnt at all. In fact, I agree that she's been a horrible, selfish (sometimes conniving) person. I've told her this. She plays the role of victim and aggressor equally well. Hell, I got angry and didnt speak to her for a year, so I understand the animosity. Even though I know you all will never be close again, I just wanted to throw in my 2 cents that she might be turning things around. My mom and I have spent a lot of time and effort talking with this kid over the years, so it just makes me happy to see her happy. By the way, you all were the best thing that ever happened to her, not Patrick. I still remember when she met em and cara and you went to St. Louis(?). I was still in Alabama and she was just ecstatic. She was also in a very bad place at the time. So, on behalf of the Clark family, I thank you for the effort you put into being friends with her. T'aint an easy job. And, as is my mantra, she and I have different grandpas. Mine was sane. Ok, that's the last i speak of the JD. Now it's time for talk of monkeys and gnomes (ahem).

 Chris- One more thing- YES, if you hear, or want to ask around about Advertising/Marketing positions that are open- please feel free to pass anything my way. Ad Agency jobs are probably out of the question- because for me to work at one, I'd basically have to start as a receptionist now- and I don't want to take that many backsteps. But a media buyer/marketing coordinator for some company would be good. Thanks! I really don't feel like working....and I don't get a break this week. I have like 18 hours I don't have to work between today and tomorrow. Then it's work on Sunday too- yuck. Anyway, I'm just complaining. Life really isn't that bad. It could always be worse. Ok- nose to the grindstone....god this hardwork better pay off.

 Chris, I'm glad she's getting things worked out like that. I'm sorry if I said anything about her that upset you but I'm still angry with her. I'm wishing her well and hoping she'll be happy and successful and that's the best I can do. I hope she continues to work things out in her head and gets her life permanently on track and that she and Patrick are happy together. He can definitely be a good influence on her and that's what she needs. My problem is that I'm holding a grudge and am having trouble letting it go, but I am trying to send her happy thoughts all the same. Anyway, that's all I really had to say today. It's Friday and I'm going to my mom's house to see my niece and nephew this weekend and other than that things are just the same. As always. Oh, but if any of you were ever Blue's Clues fans, I have a website for you. Steve Burns used to be the host of the show but a year or so ago he left. Now he's making a music CD that's pretty good. His site is a lot of fun so even if you don't know who he is you should go check him out. If you have trouble getting the affirmation page to work, email me and I'll tell you how it's done. :) Enjoy! And have a great day! KJT:) www.steveswebpage.com

 Well, I have to say I feel a little sheepish. I guess jumping on the JD-bandwagon wasn't such a good idea. Yeah- she's had her moments, but if she is happy- then I'm happy for her. Maybe it took Patrick to help level her out- which is great. And if she's on the up and up with the license and stuff- then I'm super proud of her- that's fantastic. I have to say I'm impressed with the website and it all seems very professional. Chris- I'll be in Philly for meetings from 7/21-7/24. I might try to fly in a day or two early to hang out with one of the other girls and maybe take a day trip to NYC. Let me know though when you'll be there. We'll definitely hookup if it's the same time- what are the odds? I love the story of Chris being "home" at the Monkey House...that's just great. I can't make the Taste of Chicago- I'll be in Myrtle Beach. But you kids have an outstanding time! Gotta get to work! Em

 Oh, and I almost forgot - if anyone would like like two free nights at the Tremont Hotel, (www.tremontchicago.com) let me know. I got the room for my parents but now they cant make it. Since I got it on Hotwire, the room is nonrefundable. It's right off Michigan Avenue and was voted the most romantic hotel in Chicago...hubba hubba. The room is for Friday and Saturday night (6/7 and 6/8) so if your interested I'll just call the hotel and change the guest names to yours. CMC Travel Inc. - first come first serve!

 Hey kids... Sorry I havent written much lately, been in St. Louis for a couple of days. I'll be going to the Philly Children's Hosp. in July. Not sure when, but if we're there at the same time Em, we'll have to go to the White Dog. About my cousin...she is indeed licensed. After working at BDLC for two years, I was very aware of the trouble she could get into if she did this without being licensed. She spent most of last summer and fall going through the process with the state, which is frighteningly easy to pass. Which she did. As annoyed as I have been with her in the past, she's busting her ass and it's the first time I've been proud of her in awhile. Last time I saw her, she apologized to me for her years of "being a shit" and didnt know how I could stand her. For me, that was huge. Reflection and self awareness are beautiful things. Would I wanna spend more than 4 hours with her? God no. Do I think she is growing up and becoming accountable for her actions? Yes. For now. She has phases and I'm hoping this is something more. Re: Jenny and Pat engaged. She says they are not, but might as well be. Honestly, after spending time with Patrick, Liz and I agreed that they are PERFECT for each other - he talks as much if not more than her! Non stop. Rambling. Annoying. Shoot me. I think it's pent up, so when Jenny stops, he just goes to town. I dunno, they genuinely love each other and it shows. Liz, Jennys mortal enemy, even agrees on that. It's not often I've seen her happy, but Patrick definitely changed that. Ok, I'm biased. I've known the kid since she was 2. I shoved cookie dough up her nose at a Christmas party when I was 6. She's messed up. We are all in some fashion. But when you stop using your drama as a crutch/excuse, well, life gets better. Ok, and lying and stealing are also things you shouldnt do too. :) On a lighter note, Liz took me to the monkey house at the Brookfield Zoo on Memorial Day. As we were entering the zoo, she says "You're home." Hey, if anyone wants to come up for Taste of Chicago, just let me know. I think its from late june till early july. You are welcome to stay at our place. This is the first year they are actually having decent bands. Ok, ladies. Thanks for listening to an overprotective cousin.

 What does one have to do to become a licensed childcare provider? I'm going to assume there's no drug test involved. As for Patrick being her fiance, I'm sure that's happened. When she was in Vegas she kept talking about how her family expected her to come home married and all that crap. Really, I kind of feel bad for him. I mean, she's messed everything up with all of her friends in the past, so wouldn't logic say that it's only a matter of time before she gets tired of dealing with him and messes him up? Sorry, Chris, but that's what I've seen of your cousin's life so far and while I hope she'll be able to change it, I wouldn't hold me breath. She can't "play poor pathetic me" if no one is mistreating her or there's no one to complain to about imagined mistreatment. I hope she's successful, but I'm also glad she's out of my life. Jen, congrats on not hitting Jenny with a rock when you saw her. I'm not sure I could have refrained. Oscar sounds cute. Is he a tortoise shell? It kind of sounds like it. You'll have to take some pictures and email them to us. I can't wait to see him. :) What color are his eyes? Ada's started out blue and then shanged to gold, which was really wild because I didn't know cats' eyes changed like human babies' do. I know, you've all hear that before, but I still think it's really cool. :) Anyway, nothing really big is going on here. Oh, wait, yes there is. The Magpye is walking now. My sister called last weekend to let me know that she is walking all by herself. Not very far, but she's doing it. That's my girl! I'm going to see her a little bit this weekend and I'm wondering if she'll be running yet. ;) I can't believe she's almost one year old. Yey for her! Ok, well, I just wanted to say hey and let you all know I'm alive and sending you happy thoughts. Have good afternoon and I'll talk to you later. Love you! KJT:)

 I can hear it now, "C'mere Chicken." I just love the name Oscar. Cara- I'm sorry that the walls didn't turn out the way you wanted. I think a good wall red is hard to find. You almost have to go with a wine or a cranberry for it to look rich. I'm so excited that you'll be in Indy in July! My trip isn't until like the 21st- but I think I'm leaving a few days early to hang out with one of the other Marketing Coordinators in NYC. So- Jen ran into Jenny D and got one of her cards. Unless JD knows something we all don't- her cards say that she's a "Licensed Childcare Provider"- and her website refers to her "fiance" Patrick. I think she doesn't communicate with us anymore so that she can get away with this stuff. I can't wait for this day to be over. Though I love what I do- I need to be making more money!!! The job search switch is in the ON position. Which might mean that I don't go to Philly at all...but we'll see. Anyway----back to the grindstone.

 Em--I hope your trip to Philly isn't around July 7. I'll be in downtown Indy for a few days for some sales siminar thing. I'll be at the Crown Plaza which is in Union Station. You guys can come up anytime you want to. Just let me know! Well, he started painting the walls and it looks HORRIBLE! It's no longer pink but it's like a clown red. You can see every paint stroke and I want to scream when I walk in there. He's going to give it another coat of paint and see what it looks like. I really think we fucked up on this one. We brought home a kitten yesterday. His name is Oscar and he's 5 weeks old. He's a really cute kitten but I have a feeling he might be an ugly cat. I know mama's are not supposed to talk about their children that way but he's unusual to say the least. He has the coloring of Madison but he also has a light tan color too. The tan is only around his eyes and around his ears. Not the whole ear...just where it's almost the inside of his ears. He also has crazy stripes on his legs, stomach and face. He follows us around constantly and loves to be held. I almost named him Chicken.

 Cara- I hope the hot pink paint turns out ok- maybe it will grow on you. I can't wait to come up some time and see the house in person. Well- I get to go to Philly again- but just for a visit in July. We are having another Marketing Coordinators "Summit"- where we all get together and talk about what is working, etc. This time though- they are actually planning stuff for us to do. Too bad I'll be broke for it. That is, if I'm still here. I will still be actively pursuing other avenues. I came in and did two in-depth reports for my GM- and now I'm brain dead. Thank god I'm meeting Jen for lunch so I can clear my head. Well anyway- just thought I'd take the chance to say hello. Hope everyone is having a good day! Emily

 But if you house isn't taken care of, it's really hard to insure. The house Sarah and Rob bought was a repo. The people who lived there before were drug dealers (seriously). They took everything that wasn't nailed down and some things that were. So the house was stripped and some of the floors were rotten through and the downstairs walls are moldy because they weren't sealed properly when the house was originally built. Cara, your house is way older than theirs, but yours is in better shape. And you have working toilets, so you're already better off. :) And have fun getting a kitty! I'm almost jealous, but not enough so that I'd bring home number 5...:) My boss has his all day interview for his job today. He's been acting head of preservation since I was hired on as a conservation tech and they are just now getting around to officially filling his position. I am on the search and screen committee, which really isn't that fun. I have to look at all of the applicants and figure out who is going to compete with my boss for the job he has more than earned and proven that he can do well. Then again, at least I got to go to the tudor room for lunch, so it's not all bad. :) We'll all be glad when this is over, though. We just want the position settled so we don't have to think about it anymore, and we all want Jake in the job because he's done such a good job getting everything in order and running smoothly both after Melissa left and since the move to the ALF. To many politics and not nearly enough time to shoot the assholes...:) Anyway, I'd better get some work done. It's that time. I've been running around all day and now I have to focus on work. Why don't we have an offical nap time in this country? I'd be less grumpy if we did...:) Love you guys and more later! KJT:)

 Sounds like you all had a great weekend. Mine was spent painting the kitchen a lovely light green color. Was kind of worried about it but now I'm TERRIFIED of the color Bob picked for this room. It's supposed to be a dark red color and it looks hot pink to me. He says that it will be different with a couple of coats on it but I'm not so sure. We usually have good luck with this paint and this is not looking good at all. Em---I would have totally let Tim beat that guy down. I will never forget him bragging about throwing old ladies out of cars. Karissa---Our house is over a hundred years old. If it's well taken care of....it can be a lot of fun. You get all that cool molding and shit that goes with it. Steph--I doubt we'll be able to go to Mardi Gras since it's so early in the year. My vacation won't start until March. That's ok because I rather go to Vegas for Jen's wedding! I wanna go back to Vegas so bad right now! I actually found another disposal camera. If it has wedding pictures on it, I'll scream. We're picking out a kitty tomorrow!!

 Oh what a weekend..... Never a dull moment with old Tim-boy around. He managed to get Miss Jen and I exceedingly drunk on Saturday night- though we had lots of fun. We did the Broadripple scene and, of course, ended up at the Vogue- where we ran into DA-DA-DA (that is supposed to be the big, impending danger sound)- Evil Sam. Yes siree bob- Good old Sam was dancing away- on stage with other boys...well- not WITH them- but along side them. Jen, intoxicated as she was, decided it was time to talk to Sam- who apparently couldn't really hear what she was saying b/c instead he just looked up- saw me, came over and kissed me dead on the mouth. Yes, boys and girls, I've been poisoned. However, I will say that he was very nice and pleasant- which was a good thing. The last thing I needed was to see Tim get into a fight- and he was already giving Evil Sam the eye. After going back to my house, Tim and I were up until about 5am or so. Now, let me remind you that the race is the next day and we had intended to BE there by 9am. Well, I didnt wake up until 9:30 (even with my alarm clock). So I jumped in the shower and then woke him up at 10. We managed to leave my house by 10:15 and make across town, through traffic, park and be in the track by 11:05. We missed the starting of the engines and the official start- but only by a few minutes. We did however get to see the Stealth Bomber flyover which was one of the coolest things I've ever seen. You couldn't even hear it until it had already flown over head. So, if you happened to see it first, it was almost eerie the way it flew towards you- I got chills. This was after Tim, upon exiting my car in the parking lot, who was playfully shoving me (as I said "Would you stop it")- he LOUDLY said "You weren't telling me to stop it last night- huh huh huh". Men are so retarded (sorry Chris). I went to Brian and Marshall's yesterday. Marshall made me a great dinner- lemon broccoli chicken with squash and broccoli and then we watched the Matrix (my first time). Brian and Erica came home about halfway through- so they decided we should go see ReLoaded that night. Though both movies are pretty good- I have to say that that was WAY too much Keanu for me all at once. He has got to be one of the worst actors ever. As far as the Jim/Rene update goes- Jim and I haven't talked for about 5 days now- and I don't anticipate a conversation soon. And when he does call (which he will- but I won't call him)- I'll just politely tell him that he really shouldn't call anymore. Rene, on the other hand, is pissed at me b/c I didn't go out with him on Friday or Saturday night. Too f-in bad is what I say. Get over it. He probably won't call for awhile, but then again- he just left town for work again too. These Are The Days Of Our Lives. . .

 It was definitely a busy weekend. I helped Sarah and Rob hang drywall. Good thing I've gained upper body strength through swimming! I didn't realize how slowly that all goes. It's not a quick job at all. But I did find out that I have a hidden talent for cutting the stuff, so that was pretty cool. Saturday night I got home at 1:30, took a shower, and was in bed by 2. Sunday night I got hom at 2:30, took a shower, and managed to be in bed just before 3. The last time I stayed up that late, I was out with you all at the bars. Needless to say, I'm still tired today. I went to bed at regular time last night and couldn't sleep (go figure). I really like the idea of the extended weekend but in practice it just kind of messes everything up. I know it's not an exciting weekend, but it was productive all the same...:) Steph: Are you looking to buy a house in Metrie? What kinds of things are you looking for? I'll tell you, unless you have a lot of time and money, getting a fixer-upper isn't really that much fun. It's easier to build than it is to remodel and I'm betting it's easier to get insured for a new house. That's one thing I've found with Sarah and Rob. The insurance company has been a bitch the whole time because their house isn't really liveable yet. Talk about needing just one more thing to go wrong or present a challenge... Em: I'm going to have to say I'm with Cara on the whole bandaid idea of getting rid of Jim. And you might want to tell Rene where to go, too, so he'll quit bugging you. These guys aren't good enough for you and you don't need to let them waste your time. Go out with Brian and Marshall and Erica and have fun with them and let Jim and Rene live in their own pathetic lives without you. You'll have more fun and be happier without them bothering you all the time. Jen and Cara and Chris: I hope you both had happy and eventful weekends and that things are going well. :) My brain is amazingly tired, so I'm going to go stumble through the rest of my day and see where I end up. I hope everybody has a great day and I'll talk to you all later! Enjoy the sunshine if you can! KJT:)

 hey guys, busy weekend and still busy at work! we went to greek fest yesterday and it was not exciting at all. we went there to try the lamb because it is supposed to be the best, even vegetarians like it. but they were out of ALL food when we got there. and there's not much else to do. em- i hope you had a good time at the race with tim. how did that go? my mom and greg were there too. cara- mardi gras is on february 24th next year. but all of the fun stuff happens during the 2 weeks before that. it's a little earlier than this past year. i like them better when they are later, like in march. but as long as the weather's nice it's still a good time. :) i will say right now that i want a house before then, so it will be a blast definitely. we won't have to worry about parking anymore!! i gotta get some more stuff done here. talk to you all later.

 Took Oscar to the vet today. He did very well. All the women were talking about him and how cute he is. I had to wrestle him out of this one woman's hands. He weighs 1 pound, 8 ounces and is NOW 6 weeks old. Vet says he'll grow out of the pooping thing. He didn't even cry when he got his shot. I'm impressed with the little bugger. Chris---Go my confirmation letter for the tickets yesterday!! Woo hoo!

 I swear- you women scare me...no sooner did I post that did I get an email from Karissa and a phone call from Jen....

 Ok- I'm feeling like everyone has fallen off the face of the earth. Or at least Karissa and Jen. I can usually reach you both at the touch of an email...WHERE ARE YOU??? There are important questions to be answered...what's for lunch? How was karaoke? etc... Don't leave me hanging!!!

 Jen---If you have any shower ideas, let me know. I'm starting to plan my sister's right now. I'm afraid I'm going to go overboard. I want a theme, everything to match, etc. Of course I don't have a date or a place yet. I don't think Lisa will be too picky but I am! I want to make it as special as she made mine. I'm obsessing over invitations. I think I'll be more uptight at her wedding than my own! I think I'm getting sick. Throat and head hurts. Cat just pissed on bob's old school bag. Nice. Chris....Two words for you....Mr. Pugglesworth.

 hey! i wasn't going to let anyone take the sale, so i got it and ended up doing over $1200 yesterday. :) i will be soooo happy when i finally start getting commission this month. sammy sosa has forever tarnished his career now. just like pete rose did. even though they are/were both excellent players, they made one big mistake and that's all people will talk about now. oh well, hope it was worth it for him. luckily pets grow pretty fast so your kitty bathroom woes should go away soon! hopefully. when we first got pandora my mom was on the verge of tears because she would always get into the plants and the soil stained the carpet. but she eventually grew out of it. jen, you should just tell liza not to even bother pretending to help with this wedding stuff. obviously she doesn't want to help or she is too important to help so she can just go be in her perfect little world where material possessions are the most important thing. if i had a bunch of money and my soon to be sister-in-law needed help, that would be the first place to use a little of what i'd have. she's not in the wedding is she? i'm glad john likes his job. hopefully he's not getting overworked, but as long as he's getting paid well for it then it's a good way to pad your bank account. :) i like busy times like that. we just did inventory and that money plus overtime for my regular work put us up an extra $370 this pay period. nice. i'm just crossing my fingers that nothing unexpected comes up that we have to use that. i better get back to work. a bientot.

 I agree that I think that Sosa knew what he was doing to get out of his slump. I'm bet it happens more than we think. I would ask my Sosa but he is busy being a bully to Gus. As for the pug name we were lucky that whatever name we picked out fit our animals the only one we didn't do that to was Gus. We got to know the little chunk first and one day it came to us he was looking at us with his big brown eyes and we said Gus and he barked so we knew that is what he wanted to be called. Just between us I think he was tired of John calling him Fat Ass. That's great that Kristy is dating someone. Just don't let Bob be too much of a big brother and scare the guy away. Steph-tell your boss to blow it out of his butt. If you did the sale than take it. Don't let him give it to a salesperson that probably got to be his favorite b/c they service him in the fitting rooms. Hey it happens! Chris-John and I would love to use the rooms but he has to work all weekend and I have to help his mom throw a shower for his brother and fiancee. Funny how Liza is hosting the shower but Aida and I are doing all the work b/c Liza and Chris are redoing the front of the thier house so that they can do that parade of meridian and kessler homes. must be nice to have so much money that you don't know what to do with so you decide to make your house look different. Em-good luck with your interview. Cara-the poop drama will subside. give the little guy sometime. think about it it's a boy he's lucky he makes it in the box half the time. I mean what it with guys? Is it that hard to aim into a toliet? Do you intentionally miss just for kicks? Chris any insite into this. John is doing great. They just fired the other 2 sales people at this store so he is working overtime and selling like a madman. He's busy and sometimes grouchy but he is really enjoying his job. Gotta get back to work. Lator Gators

 More importantly than Sammy- way to go Martha!!! 61 and looking at prison time- I wonder what creative ideas she'll have for decorating a jail cell. . . That's so cool that Kristy is dating someone- I hope she's really happy- she's got everything else in her life set- she might as well add this to the reportoire. (My $5 word for the day). On another note- I have an interview tomorrow morning. It's with a company called ETS, Inc. They do the sales and distribution for Tanning beds to individuals and to companies. The position is for Media Buyer. I hope it's the kind of position I think it is- because if so then it fills my requirements for any new job: less hours, less miles to drive and MORE money. Wish me luck. Chris, can't use the room- sorry- really wish I could- I just can't afford to come up to Chi-town- I'm going to the beach at the end of the month and have to save every pretty penny until then. Of course, you have to know the pug's personality before you name it- but here are some of my suggestions: mack, god, cletus, and Steve (if it's a boy dog of course); for a girl: sally, kenzi, cooper. Yes, god- because it's dog backwards. Cara- sorry about all the poop drama. At least your cat comes around you. Luna will not come near me unless I chase her down and then her new thing is to awaken me early in the morning by dry heaving. It's really cute. Just want to pass on a little bit of financial info- or something like that. I just switched my local/long distance service to a company called ztel. I get unlimited local and unlimited domestic long distance plus voicemail, caller id, call waiting, etc- for $49.99/month. With my long distance usage- this is a sweet deal. They also have a package though for $30/month that is unlimited local- with all the features and 50 min of long distance- and I think unlimited LD to others on ztel. Go to ztel.com if you want more info. Ok- so I have to print out my resume and refresh my references. Chris- I'll be adding you to the list, hope you don't mind. Ta ta girlies (and guy)- until later. . .

 Sorry, Chris, can't use the room. Bob's working all that weekend. I really don't think you was Kristy on St. Patrick's Day. She wasn't even dating this guy then. It was around Easter that she started....I think. I'll have to think about names for pugs. I think Sammy used the corked bat and knew it. He's been under pressure and he "wants to make his fans happy." I hate to say it but that's what I think. Today, I came home and there was no poop on the floor. I was praising the cat and was really happy. Five seconds later, he climbs into the litter box, takes a huge shit and falls into it. Then he jumps up and runs to his food...smashing shit into the carpet from his paws. damn it. In case you haven't noticed, I have the mouth of a sailor. Steph...go kick that man's ass!

 Ahhhh, Sammy. He cheated and then lied about it (Jen, what does your dog have to say?....sorry about your car...grrr). But they tested his other 77 bats and they were all fine. I think he was just desperate to get out of his slump cause they were gonna send him to the minors for rehab. see, I knew I saw Kristy on Rush St. with some guy over St. Paddy's Day : ) I was drunk as hell, but still. I have a friend who's as big as a minivan that was going to run up to her and ask her out. He's asked me about her at least 5 times since then. If this falls through, let me know. This guy's way nicer than paul. I think we're gonna get a pug. Name suggestions? I have an intense urge to go to vegas. Anyone interested in attending the National Lawnmower Racing Series? We went last year and it was amazing. Lot of mullets. Last call for the hotel room.....

 hey guys, jen, that really sucks about the asshole cop. you are obviously right and if i had to report him then i definitely would. i had to deal with an asshole today. david perlis (the owner of the store) tried to fucking take away a $550 sale from me today! or rather he tried to give it to his oh so special salespeople in the store. shit, i have to finish this thought in a couple of hours. i gotta get outta here! work is over for me today. :)

 Sammy Sosa caught corking his bat! Reactions?? I made an appointment to take Oscar to the vet. It looks like there is blood in his stool now. I feel like a mother and I'm not adapting well, I'm afraid. I have dreams about cat litter. Forgot to tell you all that I think Kristy (Bob's sister) might have a steady beau. His name is Mike and they have been going out every Saturday for about six weeks. She actually admits to liking this one and even asked him to go on vacation with her! No one has met him yet but she says he is an even bigger dork than her. Yea Kristy!! I was going to say something else but I forgot.

 Poor Jen! I'm sorry about your car. That really sucks. Will his insurance pay for any repairs or is there some other stupid thing with Indiana insurance law that we don't know. And I think that cop was just being stupid. I was pretty sure you had to have proof of insurance, too. Which makes me wonder if I have mine in my car.... But I don't blame you for going off on that cop. How dare he be such an ass and give you hell for waiting for him when he should have been there right away. Did they even give the dumbass a DUI or whatever it's called? He so shouldn't have given you any grief when the other guy was so clearly at fault. Hell's bells, even I know if you're going to drink while on meds for anything that you shouldn't drive. Idiot driver and asshole cops. But more importantly, you have a wedding dress?!?!?! And Poor Cara! At least Oscar is pooping. Sometimes when they are that young they don't know how to do that yet and the mother cat has to clean their bottoms for them. I know it's trying, but it'll so be worth it in another week or two when he get the hang of the litter box and learns to clean himself. At least he didn't fight the bath. When my cousin Abby got her cat, Chloe was so young that she didn't know how to bathe herself, either, so Aunt Cyndy would wipe her face off with a warm wash cloth. I know the poopy fur is really gross. I had to give Katy a bath when she first came home. She felt so bad with her pneumonia that she hadn't bathed in a good long time, and they don't bathe cats at my vet. I was even willing to pay them. Instead, Sarah Anderson and I gave her a bath in my sink and had to get all of the poo out of her tail and off her legs. At least your cat is little. Katy was 9 months old and nearly full-grown. She almost didn't fit in the sink. But she has more than made up for the bath and the force feeding and watering I had to do. At least your little guy is eating, so that's one less thing. Just think of yourself as a mommy. :) Also, if you confine him to one room or one part of the house during the day while you're gone, it'll be easier on you. I have to keep all of mine out of the bedroom or they'll sharpen their claws on my bed. Pain in the patoot, but it saves my sheets. :) Steph, I'm glad you had a pretty good time at the underwear party. You should have suggested they have a sex-toy party. Em hosted on last year or the year before and that was a lot of fun. At least you had some really good food at the party. Right now, chicken alfredo sounds really good, and it's not even second breakfast time yet! I hate going into big groups of people I don't know, too, but four people are completely managable. I'm glad you had a good time. :) Anyway, I'd better get some work done. I have to go over to Main for a little while this morning and look over more applications for the Head of Conservation job. Of course more came in the day of Jake's big interview. I'm so tired of this stupid search and screen committee thing. I just want them to give Jake the job and be done with it. This is why I hate administration. They have to make everything take twice as long asn be twice as hard as it should be. Idiots. So, I'd best be off. Everybody have a fabu day! Love ya! KJT:)

 If I could do anything today, I would be getting a massage or going to the chiropractor. I have a massive headache. This damn cat is not helping. We think we got him a bit too young. He's not completely using the litter box and is shitting everywhere. He's also not cleaning himself because litter and shit are hanging off him. What a way to come home! I gave him a bath and he actually enjoyed it. The sink was full of shit. He pooped on my pottery barn bedspred too!

 If I could do anything today it would be sleeping in (since John was sick and kept me up last night) preferably somewhere warm and fun. Oh and I would hire a maid to clean my apartment and pack up all the crap JB and I have so we can move.

 And Jen is also awesome. I told her I had a craving for mexican today- and she responded by buying my lunch! Jen rocks. I couldn't be a cop- because I would never leave Krispy Kreme. But then again- I'm premenstrual- so everything sounds good right about now. If I could anything I wanted today- I would just sit on a sunny hill overlooking the ocean- smelling the ocean breeze and taking in the sun. That sounds so much better than sitting in this artificial light starting at an electric box that lets me email my friends. Ok- that was just a quick break, I have to go... :)

 jen is still here. this past week has been nutso. glad that everyone is doing well. Cara I think that it is great that you got a new kitten. I wasn't a happy camper this weekend b/c on Friday night John and I went out to dinner and as we were leaving the parking lot this guy backed into my car. So now I have a dent on my nice 6 week old car. He didn't have his registration or insurance info with him so we had to call the police and than wait an hour for the cops to show up (must've had fresh donuts at Krispy Kreme)! The guy admitted to the cop that he had had a couple of glasses of wine in the resturant and that he was also heavily medicated (didn't get to hear what for since he turned towards the cop and wispered why). The cop didn't do anything about it and than lectured us on waiting for so long for an officer when we could have just exchanged info. I lost it on the cop. I told him that we tried but the dumbass (didn't use that word BUT man did I want to) didn't have any of his information which by the way didn't think was legal. So FYI in the state of Indiana you can have any car that you want no registration and no car insurance information and you won't get into trouble. Yeah and get this since we called the police (b/c we had no choice) if I don't send this piece of paper into the BMV in 10 days saying that I have insurance (which I do) my license will get suspended. On a positive note I have lost like 10 pounds and can zip the top of my wedding dress up! The bottom always fit but when Aida bought it the top didn't zip (must have been the massive boobies ah not :) ) But now it fits and I am so excited. Gotta get back to work more later.

 Em/Cara, if you guys have a gathering in valpo, let me know. The wife and I will head south. Marshall the Manfriend. Em, we had an Indiana call show up on our caller ID today. No message but I was wondering if maybe it coulda been a reference call? This is a media buyer position, right? I charge $10 for a standard reference, $25 for slight praise, $37 for praise, and $45.13 for full on deity status. I found out something I wasnt supposed to find out today. Apparently, the hospital is going to announce significant layoffs on Tuesday. We're most likely going to lose $12 million next FY due to cuts in Medicaid reimbursement, which is insane. Our VP told me he's 99% sure I'm safe, but he cant say for sure (ie. he's not 99% sure). He bought me a beer after work today, which worries me. Send me positive vibes on Tuesday....gulp. I would love to see you guys so a cookout would work....wherever/whenever. Ok, the wife and I are off to see a punk band. Should be hi-larious.

 I'm in a good mood too. It's Friday, Payday, found out I'll get my expense check next week, I get to see Marshall this weekend...Things are going well- considering I didn't get that job I interviewed for. Oh well, at least it was an honor to be "nominated" (for an interview that is). I get a cable modem at home tomorrow...yahoo!! No more slow-as-molasses dial-up. Of course, after the first 6 months of the $19.99/month for it, I'm sure it will go up to like $50 and then I won't want to give it up...it's a trap. Thank god it's freakin' friday. I went to bed at 8:30 last night. Cara- Marshall wants to take me up to South Bend soon to visit some of his friends- so I'm going to try to figure out a way we can stop to see you and Bob and the house (if you're home then, and if it's ok).

 k- if you grow tomatoes you can go sell them on a country road somewhere. that's a good way to make some extra cash! (what's worm's way? a hydroponic shop?)

 Good morning! Ok, so I'm only chipper because I'm not quite awake and it's Friday the 13th. Woo-hoo! :) While I was in the shower this morning, I was thinking about things that would be funny to do for no apparent reason. And maybe I'd be the only one who would get a kick out of this one, but I still had to share. I was listening to a Worm's Way commercial on the radio and it struck me funny that they refer to certain tobacco alternative substances as "tomatoes," which are completely legal to grow. So I decided that it would be really funny to actually set up a hydroponic system with grow lights and everything and grow actual tomatoes in a closet. And when people asked why, I'd say that the people at Worm's Way helped me set up the system and said that I could grow things in my closet and since I had their permission and recommendation, I had to do it. Ok, so it's really just me. But it's still Friday the 13th so I'm allowed to be weirder than normal. Oh, and a full moon tomorrow night. Too much weirdness all at once. :) Have a good day! Love you all! KJT:)

 hey! em- that sucks that your job is pissing you off right now. but it's cool that you met a guy that you like! he sounds really interesting. have you seen the comic book that he wrote? i got into drawing comic book characters for a while. if i had lots of money (someday :) ) i would fly/drive there anytime just to hang out for a day or whatever. but you'll have to tell me about the cookout when you have one. i'd still like to know how it goes. mine and adam's friends just got married this past weekend in this old catholic church uptown. the church was really nice, i'll have to go do some more sightseeing to some of the historic buildings around here. i better get back to work now, i'll talk to you all later!

 Ok- quick post while I get ready for a conference call. Things are alright here. I'm just you know, a little fed up in the work world. However, I had one interview last week (I thought it went well- but I haven't heard from them) and I have one next week in Castleton. At least I have a job I guess- but I'm obviously not happy here. I did meet a really cool guy though. I think you guys have seen me post a little about Marshall on here- and he and I have started dating (who'd of thunk it- me with a red head). Ok girls- you've known me a long time- usually I go for the shorter, dark complexion, dark eyes- etc. He's 6'1", red hair and blue eyes w/ goatee. Jen and John have met him - and approve. He's a sweetie. He's 27, went to Ball State- is currently working at SBC but wants to go to film school. Cara- you would love this one book he did of photographs- he took B&W pics of himself and friends in this one setting- and has an alter-ego superhero (Kid Electro)- he wrote a mini-comic book. It was pretty cool. He says he's going to get me addicted to Sims, but we'll see. He says it's the gateway drug for gaming. I've gone over 37,000 miles on my car...yeah..it's not even a year old....bastards. Other than that- things are pretty sweet. I think we should plan a big cookout sometime soon- maybe on the Northwest side of Indy to try to be as fair as we can be to everyone involved. (Steph, then again- no matter where you go (if you go) it would be far).

 Ok- sometime soon- I promise to post something positive- I have a lot of great news....in the personal life that is. On the work side though- work still sucks- Commence with day 3 of job hating. I promise soon- positive notes....

 Day 2 of job hating.

 It's never too early to hate your job! That's why they call it work. And who said you can't become a product of your job? Look at me; I talk about the history of paper and how books structures today really suck because people would rather save money in production than produce a quality product. Yeah, not interesting at all to anyone in the outside world...:) And aside from you guys, the only other friends I have work in the library system or for us here in the department. And none of us get paid for our work. Screw paying back student loans; we've got to put food on the table. Ok, now I'm exaggerating, but I'm a writer, I give the truth scope...:) I've watched A Knight's Tale too many times...:) Well, it was a quiet but eventful weekend. I did nothing but run errands and watch bad 80s movies on Saturday and then spent Sunday sanding cupboards for Sarah and Rob while they filled in the hole in their bathroom wall so the birds won't fly in and make nests or poop on things or anything like that. Praise the Goddess for electric sanders!!!! Without that, I don't think I'd have an arm today. But the thing really scared me the first time I turned it on. I didn't expect it to vibrate that hard.... Yeah, I know; just don't say it. :) I've been entertaining people with my twisted humor all day. What can I say? It's a gift. :) The following story is not for the weak of heart... See, I went to the doctor this morning for my 6-month med check (to make sure my crazy drugs haven't turned me into an axe murderer or anything) and she was asking about the other meds I'm on and how they are working. When we got around to my birth control, I told her that it has completely killed my sex-drive, which is really fine since I'm single anyway. She told me I could quit taking it if it was bothering me and that she'd write me a prescription for my old one if I wanted. I said that would be cool, and then the following thought slipped out of my mouth before I could stop it. I told her it was weird that my sex drive was so low. I have always been obsessed with it and now I find I have a lot of free time on my hands. Needless to say, I think I made her day. Hell, I made my own day with that one. I'm going to be giggling over it for a while yet...:) I know, ultra-person story, but if I can't share it with you guys, who am I going to tell? ;) Anyway, it sounds like Oscar is definitely a keeper. You've got to get a digital camera so you can take pictures of him for us. I need to get one so everybody can see Katy, too. And Jake and Maggie. And my shoes... oh, no, sorry, I drifted...:) Anyway, have a fabu day and I hope things look up from this point on. Love you all and I'll talk to you more later, KJT:)

 Alrighty... It is 9am on Monday morning....Is it too early to hate your job? What do they think people are made of- un-ending energy and time with little or no bills (which is how they justify paying you so little for a job well done). I feel like I'm close to a Fight Club meltdown- men and women were not meant to be treated like this in the work world. We are supposed to go to work- not be a product of our jobs. How is it that you can work over 60 hours in a week and someone will stay say that that's not enough and that you need to do more. Sorry- let me just wire a laptop to myself in bed so that I can even be processing ideas while I'm sleeping. Maybe someday we won't have blood- it will all be Matrix code pumping through our veins. Wow- I've been watching far too many sci-fi movies..... Sorry for the rant all- I needed to vent.

 i take it the religious person you work with believes that cloning is wrong. i don't know how i feel about cloning. some aspects are good and some aspects of it i feel that we really don't need to continue with. i guess if you believe that only god can provide us with souls and god had nothing to do with clones then you'd have to logically conclude that cloned babies are born soulless. but i think that everything born, no matter which way, still has a soul. but that's just my belief. shit, i just broke half my toenail off. i gotta take care of this.

 Em---THAT'S WHO HE REMINDS ME OF! Jesus, it was driving me nuts. I think you are taught what is right and what is wrong. But I see what you are saying. Of course, I'm the agnostic in the group. It's impossible to fill a toilet in one sitting. Of course Monkey Man would not go to the bathroom until I agreed with him that it was possible. I think he was stubborn enough to piss himself to prove a point. Pretty funny.

 Cara- the pics on his website reminded me of Layne Staley from Alice In Chains (before he died of course)- but Marsh doesn't usually wear those sunglass things- or the mesh shirts- that was a photo from a goth club he went to a few years ago. He actually dresses pretty normal. I think it would be VERY hard to fill a toilet in one sitting....But then again- ya'll know my bladder. Ok..interesting thought for the day- provoked by a very-religious co worker. If you believe that humans are born with a soul, and that that soul is provided by God (our creator- in this belief system)- does that mean that cloned children would be born soulless? and if so- does that mean that they wouldn't know the difference between right and wrong from a basic moral standpoint (if you believe that your soul is the source of these things)...... I just thought it was an interesting deep thought....

 I am indeed employed. I was, ehhh, slightly enebriated last night following two...or five...rounds of drinks with my fallen comrades. Our team was obliterated and I'm going through all the emotions - joy (it wasnt me!), guilt (why wasnt it me?), and fear (holy shit I have a lot to do now). I lost a lot of friends. Guh. I came so close to filling the pot. I tried my best but it just wasnt good enough. I think i needed two more bottles of beer. Did you know Purina makes Monkey Chow? Just like Cat Chow. But for monkeys.

 I would not mind going to Vegas every year...or at least a group trip somewhere. Vegas might get old after the 10th time. Hell, my parents go all the time and they never seem to tire of it! Since he hasn't posted yet, I'll spill the beans. I IM a very drunk Monkey Man yesterday and his job is secure. We had a very lengthy conversation about whether or not it is possible to fill a toilet bowl at one time. i was going to say in one sitting but that would not be accurate in his case. Em, I looked at Marshall's web page last night. He reminds me of someone but I can't put my finger on it. I know the pictures aren't that clear...but I swear I have seen him before or someone like him. I think he would get a long with Trent very well. Has anyone heard from Trent? Last I heard he moved in with his woman in Castleton. That's all I know. Going to grill some steaks. Love summer.

 Cara- cool- well count us in. I think Jen said that John has Shawn's bachelor's party that night- but she would ride up with me and Marsh. She's been busy with working with Aida trying to learn the alterations business (I'm sure she'll go into detail when she has the time) And they are heading to NYC this weekend for Lucian's graduation. Do you think Chris & Liz will come to Bob's parents' party? Karissa- you should join us too instead of driving up seperately. Ok...Marshall is smitten. It's so cute...and I can't say I hate it at all. I'm really excited about you guys getting a chance to meet him soon- he's got to pass the friends test (which I know he will). I can't believe you've been living in Valpo for a year almost- everything since your wedding has just flown so fast. Maybe that's why we all have Vegas fever. I wonder if it's feasible for us to consider planning an annual or bi-annual trip there as a group. At least until we (any of us) start having kids... What do you guys think?

 I can't believe she's going to be 1, either! She's such a sweety! Well, when she's happy, anyway. She's either really happy or the world is coming to an end, but that's how it is with babies. And she's trying to walk, too, so that's fun. She'll come up and pull you out of your chair so you can walk her around. For some reason that's more fun than doing it on her own. :) And you'll be in Valpo for a year? Wow, it really doesn't seem like that long. This year is really flying by. Pretty soon it's going to be Halloween and the candy season will start again. It just doesn't quite seem possible. Jen, Chris and Steph all seem to be busy at the mo. But I miss you guys! Write soon! Have a good one, KJT:)

 I guess they have a party every summer at their house. Bob's mom said I could invite whomever I wanted. So don't worry about bringing someone. She didn't even bat an eye when I gave her 7 different addresses. I think my parents will be coming up too! I can't believe Maggie will be one! It doesn't seem like it was that long ago. Come August 31, I'll be living in Valpo for one year! I haven't really heard from Jen either lately.

 Yeah- where is the Monkey Man??? I'm hoping Tuesday came and went without event.....I was sending my positive vibes....

 I'd think about coming up on the 12th if I had someone to drive with. Who knows what's going to be going on that weekend, anyway? I know that the first weekend in July we're having Maggie's 1st birthday party at my parents' house. Other than that, my schedule is clear. Sounds like a good time, though. :) Let me know what's going on. I'd love to see Bob's fam again...;) Well, no news on this end. Big surprise there, I know. :) Anyway, I'm going back to my desk to enjoy the sunshine. Have a good afternoon! KJT:)

 Hi Cara- I think that the 12th looks good for me- I'd love to come. Can I bring Marshall? What's the party for?? Just for summer or what? That's so scary about the pedophile-guy in your neighborhood. Makes you wonder if he's done it in the past.....yikes. I don't think we can post pics...but then again- you can use html language on here (but I hardly remember it from our "chat" days) test Thought I'd see if I could change the font size....and I remember something about the pics posting that was like 'href" something or other, but I don't know. After my interview this morning- I have no interest in working today...it's too nice out.

 Found out that this guy who lives in my neighborhood tried to hook up with a 13 year old girl off the internet. He met a cop instead. Lovely. He lives one freakin' street over! Hey Monkey Man! Where are you? Haven't heard from you. Can we post pictures on this? That would be cool. Bob's parents are having a party on July 12. You all are invited if you wanna come. She's mailing out invitations. Let me know if any of you wanna come.

 Ok guys *giggling* the judgement question was kind of rhetorical. But you guys are right nonetheless. It was more the fact that I used the word "Size" while speaking to my dad....it just wasn't cool. Marshall is a definite keeper. And he has a really wonderful family- and that is so important (especially since my family isn't so close). Steph- the only pics out there of us together are in his dad's camera....but if we do have one sometime, I'll be sure to forward it. However, here is his website- kind of old- but it definitely shows his creative side....http://www.geocities.com/area51/4662/ Cara- have no fear- I'm already hooked on the guy with the Cavalier ;)

 he sounds like a nice guy who makes you laugh and feel good and that's more important than a car. but then you already know that. :) if you get any pictures of the 2 of you together email me one! he sounds like a keeper.

 Sorry if the post looks long....Oscar was fucking things up.

 Judge a man by how he treats other people. That includes friends, family and total strangers. Definitely not by his car. That's just stupid and materialistic. All those flashy things (clothes, money, cars, house, etc) are decieving. They are bought to cover up what is wrong with them. I say, GO FOR THE MAN with the Cavalier!

 **Things NOT To Say To Dad When He Asks What The New Boyfriend Drives*** He drives a Cavalier. (Dad says, "A Cavalier?"- in a more than disapproving tone)- so I say, "I don't judge a man by the SIZE of his car". Yes...I really did say that. To my dad. The question then is, what DO you judge a man by???

 The rain is just coming down here! Wow! Glad I made it inside before it hit. Mondays that are dark like this just make it all the much harder to get out of bed. Especially since I slept in the car most of yesterday afternoon and had trouble getting to sleep last night. I went with my parents up to the Big Brown reunion and we had a pretty good time. I got to see family I didn't know I had and wouldn't be able to pick out of a line up. We ate way too much food and had some kind of crappy homemade ice cream (I didn't think it was possible to make bad homemade ice cream, but apparently it is). I got to see Zach and Abby and I finally got to see her scar and gimpy leg outside the wlaking cast. Her scar is only about 4 inches long, which is much shorter than I thought it was going to be. For those of you who don't know what happened to my accident-prone cousin (yes, it's genetic), about two weeks before the end of school, Abby tripped getting out of the shower and fell into a mirror that didn't have a frame and cut her leg open. She sliced some tendons in the side of her ankle and had to have surgery immediately. She's fine now and walking on it and she taught herself to drive with her left foot so she wasn't home-bound or dependent on people for rides. It was about all I could do to keep her on her crutches; she liked to hop around on one foot and practice walking on her gimpy leg before the doctor said it was alright. Yes, we're all accident prone and stubborn. Luckily we're quick healers, too. :) I just can't believe that it's the middle of June already and that Summer Solstice is this weekend. This has been one of the quickest weeks ever. And Summer Session 1 is over this week, too, so my students are pretty excited about the change of classes. It's just wild! Mom always said time sped up when you got older; I had no idea it would go this fast. Anyway, I'd better think about getting some work done. It's paperwork day, after all. So, everybody have a good one and I'll talk to you all later! KJT:)

 Cara- good to hear from you! Jen and I were just talking yesterday about how we really missed you and talking to you- everything's just been so busy. I'm impressed with the cake from scratch. Marshall's last name is Myers. I call him slim shady- and he hates that. But with a name that rhymes so closely with Marshall Mathers (aka Eminem)- how could I resist? If he and I end up together for any length of time, it sounds like I'll be wisked off to Florida for about 2 years while he goes to film school in Orlando. I'm not particular to Florida but I guess I could be ok with it for awhile....Actually, he was telling me about a movie that he wants to do- he was just giving me the skeleton of the screenplay, but it's pretty cool. He has a way of talking like I do- with the brain working faster than the mouth- it usually makes for funny conversation. June 27th I go out of town for a week- so Cara, if you come into town, unfortunately I won't be here! What are you coming down for?? There is some convention going on up in Chicago that Marshall wants to go to (I believe it has something to do with the Transformers)- so I'm hoping maybe he can do that, and I can go shopping....I'll let you know when that is- hopefully we can hook up (Chris that means you too). Suppose I should do some work....man...too little sleep last night...I need to start getting home before 1 am.

 I'm here. I have been quite the busy woman, working overtime and throwing a birthday party for the husband. Had about 20 people over on Saturday night and I think it went rather well. It's amazing how just his close friends and family turn out to be so many people. I made him a cake (FROM SCRATCH) and cookies. Ordered pizza and stuff. Poor guy had to work all day today. Emily, I freaked when you were describing Marshall because I knew a Marshall a long time ago who would be that age, over six feet and red hair. But I remembered he went to IU and not Ball State. If his last name is McNeely, I think I'll have a heart attack. Let me know what weekend you wanna come up. To be honest, my weekends are becoming quite full for some reason. I think I'm coming home on June 28-29. I haven't been home in so long, it's terrible. Chris, I wish you luck on Tuesday. Kristy says Mike is her "sort of boyfriend." He met the parents and they approve. They were amazed how "comfortable" they were with each other and actually held hands. We're trying to convince her to take him to Megan's open house but I don't think she's ready for that. Steph, worm's way is a hydroponic shop that was off of Hwy 37, if i remember correctly. Jenny's Patrick works there. How are things with your brother and his wife? I never hear anything from them anymore. I hope they are doing well. What does he do for a living?

 Chris, I don't think it was that job calling you- because I was to have heard from them last week and I didn't. So, unless they are way behind, I doubt it was them. But I'll keep your rates in mind for future references. Be advised, those charges go both ways if you are ever in need of a reference! That seriously sucks about the layoffs at the hospital- I push good Karma your way- now, through Tuesday. Ok- everyone give me a couple of dates/weekends that would be good for a cookout and we'll work on coordinating it. On another note- Marshall is now officially my boyfriend. I have even met the family. They are making plans for Christmas already (Lord have mercy). Actually, I'm off to meet him for dinner now- but I just wanted to say hello to the gang. Hope everything is going well for everyone... Cara. . .Karissa. . . Where are you guys????

 hey girls, thanks for all of the support. i'm actually at my mom's right now. man, what a hellish day. my flight out of new orleans was delayed so they knew i would miss the layover flight out of chicago. so they put me on the next available flight out of chicago which wasn't until 2 1/2 hours after i was already supposed to be in indy. and then THAT flight got delayed 45 minutes. kris and mandi thought my flight was on time so they made 2 trips to the airport today! but i just have to laugh about it. at least i'm finally here. i was worried about my mom. apparently my uncle mike must have been sick, he just didn't tell anyone. my mom last talked to him on saturday and no one had heard from him since. on tuesday when he didn't show up for something he always does with friends (i don't remember exactly what it was) word got back to my mom that everyone was worried. being next of kin she left work to go check on him. i think she knew something was really wrong, but it was still a shock. she found him in his bathroom, ice cold, so he must have been gone for a while. she's doing alright right now, but i don't think she'll be over this for a while. he was only 44, younger than her. the coroner is going to rule it natural causes. i think it was a heart attack, caused by massive internal bleeding. what caused the bleeding, i'm not sure, but he did have problems with some other health issues. i do know that the showing is at 11 am to 1 on saturday and the funeral follows that. it's at the same place my grandparents funerals were, in franklin at vandivier-tudor funeral home on main street. of course you are all welcome to come, but i understand if you don't. this is such short notice. tomorrow my family is sitting down together to figure out a few things and probably just remember him. it is sad, and i am upset about it, but i just want to be here for my mom and uncle don. i'll be checking my email and stuff tomorrow too and my mom's phone number is 738-9532, just in case. i gotta go get some sleep now. talk to you all later. steph

 Steph, have you heard anything else from your mom yet? What happened? Was Mike sick? Do you know when you'll be coming up yet? If you need anything, you know you can always call up here and we'll do what we can. I'm just so sorry this happened! I'm sending you strength and hugs today. Just take it easy and if you need anyhting, don't hesitate to call or email. Take care of you, hunny. Love you, KJT:)

 Steph, I'm so sorry to hear about your uncle. I know Jen hasn't been on here for awhile, so I'll be sure to let her know too. Was your uncle Mike sick? I'll actually be out of town next week- but I might still be in town this weekend...so if need something, let me know.

 1

 hey guys. i guess this is the best way to get this news out quick to everyone. my mom called me tonight and told me that my uncle mike had died. it's all a little surreal right now, but i will be coming up there when she tells me when everything is. anyway, i just wanted to let you guys know what's going on. i'll talk to you all later.

 Cara- Steph: Thanks for the congrats...I'll keep everyone posted on the Monday call! Cara et all: I will be sans boyfriend at the 7/12 event. Dorkbrain didn't realize that this date is the one Saturday in his schedule that he has to work from 8am-4:30. He wanted to see if I'd just wait for him and then we could go up later- but that wouldn't bring us until at least 8pm. Which I think is just rude to Pam and Larry (and to Karissa and Jen since we're riding together). He feels really bad (as he should)- but as many times as I've had to cancel things due to work, I can't get that upset. Hell, Rene has called 8 times in the last 4 days (none of which I've answered)- guess I could bring him (j/k). Cara- sorry to hear about your grandmother- but I am glad (?) that she seems to be doing better than before it. Karissa- glad that your grandmother is ok- though she has a broken arm. At least it wasn't a hip!! My great-grandmother had 3 hip-replacements before she died....Seriously folks, at replacement #2- shoot me. Steph- Jen and John are moving into the Beresford Bungalow over the next week or so- but she's planning to get her pc up and running this week. If she's speaking spanish, that's news to me ;) Toodles ya'll.

 yes, congrats on the interview em. hopefully you'll get a call on monday! how'd the weather hold out for your 4th celebrations? it poured here yesterday until about 5 and then it didn't rain again until this morning. we just hung out with some friends yesterday. and today we went to adam's nephew's birthday. he's 3 and just keeps talking and talking... :) so how's your grandma doing, karissa? does it look like she'll have to stay with your parents? cara, sorry to hear your grandma had a stroke! that's strange that she seems to be better now than before it. that's good that she's doing so well. jen- i know you don't get online that often right now, but when you do... how's the alterations business? hablo espanol yet? :)

 Congratulations on the job interview going well, Emily. I'll keep my fingers crossed even though I doubt you'll need it. I found out a bit of interesting news this week. Kristy (Bob's sister) is bringing Mike (the boyfriend) to the Cunningham's Party! It looks like they'll be having at least 40 people. My grandmother had a major stroke this week. I went and saw her last weekend and she seemed ok to me. Funny thing is, Dad thinks she makes more sense now than before! I guess she's getting better and I haven't heard of any major damage. Whatever happened with your grandma, Karissa? Nothing else really new here. Just painting and going to a few get togethers. I don't know if this cat will live for you to see him if he keeps biting me!

 Just a short note. My interview went REALLY well. I am confident that they'll make me an offer on Monday for the position. Making just slightly more than I am now. Yea! Why am I confident you say?? Because the publisher's words were "If anyone else offers you a position before Monday- call me first". Who'd of thunk it- ME marketing for Farm World and Antique Week newspapers- two things I know NOTHING about. But the job....I can do that. Less hours, less travel (and when I do travel, it's a company car), more pay- less stress.....this has Emily R Mersich written all over it.

 Well, I thought about turning off the phone- but the people who count on me (and who DO care that I'm on vacation) I wanted to be able to help them if they needed it. It's the mindless bullshit that kills me. Stuff that could wait. But finally, I sent out one email to everyone and said that I am available for Emergencies ONLY and that otherwise, they can leave me an email that I'll get to when I return. I have an interview tomorrow- and honestly, if it goes well- and they offer me the same amount as what I'm making now- I'll take it- just to reduce stress. Hell, if all goes well with Marshall- I might be moving in the next year or so anyway- so it doesn't really matter. Cara- So, would Bob look in Valpo or look to commute to Chicago or what? At least he's thinking about it- he still has a stable job to fall back on- which is so important in this horrible job market (as we all know). Sucks about the property taxes though...not as fun as Monopoly, I guess ;) Steph- ditto on what everyone else said- it was great to see you. Even though it was just for a few moments, and not the happiest of circumstancs, when we were all standing there- it felt like the "gang" again. All of our lives have changed so much over the past few years- and sometimes (though different times for all of us) I think each of us gets on someone else's nerves- but when it counts the most, and deep in our hearts- we all know that we'll always be there for one another. As far as the last time we were all in the same room together ....dang...that's a good one...maybe when Steph moved?? And hell, that's way too long. We've got to find a central spot- maybe a new years thing or something this year...Memphis? Nashville- I don't know..Geography is definitely NOT my strong suit. On a funny note- while I was at my mom's this week- I checked my messages at home...low and behold there was a msg from Rene (surprised? I'm not). My mom asked if I thought Jim would call- and I said yes- because he always calls the same day, or the day after Rene does. The funny is (as Rene would say- always omitting "thing")- Jim called 17 hours after Rene. Didn't leave a msg, but he doesn't know I have caller id. Cute Rachel Story- She was asking me about my boyfriend- and she asked me if I kissed him.....and if he let me kiss him. She was so amazed that I didn't have to chase him around to kiss him (boy does she have a lot to learn!). Because her "boyfriend" Nathan (who's 5 and likes Spiderman, and has 4 other "girlfriends") makes them all chase him- and then won't kiss anyone....My mom said that at Nathan's birthday party- my mom relayed this to Nathan's dad- who promptly went to have a "talk" with his son about how girls chasing him is NOT a bad thing ;) The Cunningham Manor....The Whiteland Estate aka Beresford Bungalow. . . .Hmmm...what can this crummy old apt be called. . .A HA....The Mersich House O' Love. Speaking of oddities. . . . .again......where is Monkey Boy???

 Karissa--You talk about your grandma, like I talk about mine. I used to think my grandmother would be the reason for my paren't divorce. Now, my dad just agrees with my mom. The old lady has alzheimers and calls him all the time. When I was home on Sunday, she called at 6 am! He still sees her every day. I hope I can be that patient and kind to my parents when they get that old. I don't think she realizes how good she has it. Emily--That sucks about your job, man. I would have turned the phone off. I hope that doesn't mean you never made it home. Bob is seriously thinking about getting another job. I can tell it scares the shit out of him but he just can't take the bullshit anymore. Plus there was an article in the paper about how they are going to double or even triple our property taxes. Isn't that nice? Hang in there, chica. Steph---It was really nice seeing you and we're DEFINITELY going to have to plan something when we can all get together again. I don't remember the last time we were all together...just US...in a room. Does anyone remember??? Jen---when are you moving into the whiteland house? I think you should name your house that. Our house has a name but I can't remember what it is. Cunningham Manor or something stupid like that.

 Em: When do they want you to work? Would they work on their vacations? I don't think so. Tell them you're still out of state and let them deal with it. I mean, didn't you have to tell someone you were taking this time off so they'd know not to bother you? How stupid are they? Steph: It was good seeing you this weekend, too, but next time we need to get together for happier times. I wish you'd been able to stay up here for another week, not just to be with your mom but to visit with us some more. :) Jen: I can't believe how long your hair is getting! I forgot to ask, how is Gus getting along with his folks and his feline uncles? I can't wait to see how big he gets, considering his parents. :) Cara: Are you looking forward to next weekend? Do we need to bring anything with us aside from clean clothes and jammies? If you'd like me to bring Cresent Doughnuts, I'll be happy too. They make a good breakfast for lots of people. Just be sure you have lots of milk on hand. :) Just so you all know all of the family gossip, on Sunday my grandmother fell down and broke her arm just below her shoulder while she was outside watering plants. She's doing fine, though, as far as I know. This is Grandma Tatman, so Mom is hoping against hope that Dad doesn't invite her to come stay with them until her arm heals. If anything ever causes them to get a divorce, that would be it. I told Mom I'd board the cats and she could come stay with me if that happens; not the divorce but Grandma coming to stay. As much as I wouldn't wish Grandma on anybody, I hope she either stays with one of her other kids or moves in with Rebecca and Chris. Mom hasn't done anything to deserve that kind of visit, so send Grandma happy healing thoughts so she doesn't have to come to stay here. Have a good day! KJT:)

 hey em, that sucks that they aren't treating you right at work. good luck with the interview on thursday! how was your trip home? i just wanted to say thanks to the grant street girls for being there saturday. i'm glad i got to see ya'll. it meant a lot, and i know it meant a lot to my mom to see you girls there. i told her everything is going to be alright and i hope it will be! they still have a lot of cleaning/getting things out of that house before they just walk away. i wish i could be there to help all this week. stupid work. i will talk to you later!

 Oh ya'll. . . .I'm SO ready to just quit my job. WHY can't they understand that VACATION means NOT having to take care of everything. My job is not STAFFING. If they don't have enough people to work an event, why did they ask me to take part. Now I'm supposed to be the one that works the extra hours...BULLSHIT. I swear to god, I'm going to so knock them dead on this interview on Thursday and turn in my f-ing notice on Monday morning. I'm also going to call g-d temp agencies and see if they have anything cooking. I feel like Dr. Leo Marvin....I'M ON VACATION!!!

 nyla was the name of her restaurant in new york (new york/louisiana=nyla). unfortunately i know that because anytime she's in the news it's always in the news here even longer. yeah, there was a bunch of shit wrong with it, plus the food sucked i heard. have a good time this weekend! i gotta go, seeing a friend of a friend perform some hip hop. should be interesting!

 I thought Brit's restaurant was Nalya..(like the lion king). I heard that it received several health violations and Ms. Spears no longer endorses the restaurant. You guys are always welcome to stop here first. You don't have to bring anything. It should be a beautiful day tomorrow! Steph, food always tastes better when it's free. Lately, the fanciest restaurant I've been to is Chilli's. :(

 Chris- We are leaving my place at around 1 (hopefully a little earlier than that)- so we should get there around 4 I guess. I'm really glad that you and Liz are going to be able to make it! I feel like it's been forever since I saw you- but I think it was New Years??? That's craziness. Cara/Chris, are you guys going to come down on the 19th? I just want to rope Marshall down from making plans if you are- he definitely doesn't have to work that weekend I'm sure. Isn't Nola's the place the Brittney Spears used to be part-owner in? Cara- thanks for the Directions- should be a snap!

 chris, i haven't seen emeril yet. surprisingly there are quite a lot of people here who don't like him at all. he has a restaurant on tchoupitoulas (chop-a-tool-iss) here uptown called emeril's, and i think another one on st. charles (i think that's the nola one). haven't been to either of them. waaayyy too expensive. but i have been to commander's palace which is where he got his start (i think). excellent food, as long as i don't have to pay the bill. :)

 Em, what time will guys be arriving at Cara's place? Liz would love to see the house so we'll just meet you over there and then follow you to the shindig. Cara, can we bring anything? Steph, have you ever seen emeril or eaten at Nola's (is that his restaurant?)

 65 North to Hwy 30. Turn right onto 30 towards Valpo. You'll be on 30 forever. Turn Left onto Sturdy. You'll know the street by the big cow (Kelsey's Steak House) on your left. Sturdy will split but you want to stay to the left. It becoms Lincolnway. Stay on Lincolnway and you will go through a number of lights. When you see the court house on your left hand side start looking for Napoleon, it's about 2 lights after the court house. You'll see a shoe store on the corner. I think its called Brown's. Turn right onto Napoleon. We are about 4 blocks down on Napoleon on the right hand side. It's a white house with black shutters on the corner of Napoleon and Institute. Turn right on Institute and the thing called a driveway is in the back. Any questions call. 219-462-2632.

 Chris...YOU make me giggle

 Donut holes make me giggle.

 emily- congrats on the new job! that's great that all "involved" are being supportive. What exactly is your new job going to be? i hope you guys have fun when ya'll get together this weekend. too bad we still haven't invented instant transporters, i'd definitely be there. it looks like we might get some hurricane weather here next week. exciting. it'll probably just rain a lot. cara- inventory sucks! i agree. i only have to help out on one saturday a year and that's bad enough. maybe he'll get a bonus for doing it. :) i better get back to work. lots of people coming and going today. talk to you later!

 Hey guys- the 19th would be great- that's the first day after leaving this job and the weekend before starting the new one. I don't think that Marshall likes BTE (though he might)- but he'd go anyway to get to meet you guys. I could always have dinner or something at my place. Hopefully I won't be too damn broke! I have NO desire to be at work today...at all. I did get a cool gift though. My IT guy is a big Depeche Mode fan like me- and I guess the lead singer- Dave Gahan has a solo release- so he bought it for me as a congrats/going away present...cool huh? And yesterday they bought me 2 beers....yum. I'm looking forward to Saturday Cara- it will be really nice to see you especially, but everyone else too. I do need directions to your place from I-65, I'll be bringing Jen and Karissa. Last Chance- do we need to bring anything other than pillows?? Talk to you guys later!!

 I think I could go to the BTE show on Saturday. The Cunninghams are having a beach party that day at 12:30 but I don't plan on staying there long. I would LOVE to have an excuse to get out early. Bob's going to be at work anyway. Fucking inventory is coming up and he's working even longer hours than usual. On Monday, he worked 8-5, then came home for dinner and then went back to work. He didn't come home until 1 AM! That night it stormed really bad and the electricity was out. I was actually sort of scared and that doesn't usually happen. What frightened me the most was the thought of going down into my basement with the power off. I am scared to death of this one room in our basement. When you guys see it, you'll know why. If it was between life and death that I have to spend a long period of time in that room, I would STILL have to think about it. I think my parents might have found a place for lisa's shower. Ryan picked out the ring himself and even though it fit all her criteria....she still doesn't like it. Demand to pick out your ring, ya yas. Either that or show your friends now what you like in case he's smart enough to take one of them along. I still look at mine everyday! :) I'm reading Fugitives and Refugees: A Walk in Portland by Chuck Palaniuk. The guy who wrote Fight Club and is my official favorite author. The King is no longer king. Does anyone need directions?

 Funny you should ask that, Chris, because I went to Barnes last night and found the funniest book. "Why Girls Are Weird" and I can't remember the author, but I thought, yeah, I can think of a whole bunch of people who need a book by that title. I had to buy it, so I'll let you all know how it is after I finished the other 8 I checked out from the library and have time to read something I bought. Oh, which reminds me I need to call my mom and see if she found the book I left behind this weekend. It's got to be there because it's not at my house. I think I'd lose my head if it wasn't screwed on tight. Luckily I've grown pretty attached to it over the years...;) It's going to rain so I'd better go out and roll up my car window. I was going to wait until it started to rain but I just don't feel like running today. The Tuesday swim instructor is a complete Sadist; nice enough out of the water but a complete tyrant while we work out. I'm not sure my pectoral muscles are ever going to be the same, not to mention my legs. I know, that's not a bad thing, but right now I'm glad I have a chair with wheels so I don't have to walk around as much today. Besides that, rolling is fun. :) I'm so looking forward to this weekend! If Steph could come up it would be perfect. Anyway, better get some stuff done. Love ya all! KJT:)

 Congrats, Em! I might be coming down to Indy in a couple of weeks...will have to take you out for a congratulatory beverage. Or two. Cara, wanna hitch a ride to go see the 7/19 Better than Ezra show in Indy? I have a friend that will be in Indy that weekend so I'll probably be going down anyway. That might be a fine time for congratulatory beverages and Marshall-meeting too. Ok, honestly, if my female companion asked if she could charge a new engagement ring cause she didnt like what she'd been given, I'd be royally pissed. And frightened. But then again, I gave my wife a toe ring. Oy. If I were a chip, I'd be a Cheeto. Karissa, If you were a book, what book would you be? I'd like to take a moment to send this shout out to the Beresford clique. Where John is?

 Ok- update... Got the formal offer letter. Accepted. Sent my notice to all "involved" parties. Have received two return phone calls so far. One from HR and one from my GSM. Both have been very positive and they are very supportive. AND they are letting me work out my notice- which means I'll actually have some freaking money this month. Just thought I'd let you all know that it went well. C-ya!

 Wow- yeah, I'd say that would hurt Ryan's feelings...you can tell her I'll take it ;) I know this sounds kind of crazy...but is she sure she wants to get married?? Well, I'm still waiting for the call so that they can fax my written offer for the job. I have my resignation letter all ready to go- just need to have the final step in place before I do it. Tensions are mounting at work (mostly mine) so it would be nice to get it over with. I spent the evening with Marshall last night- it was so nice to see him. I hadn't seen him in almost 2 weeks since we were both on vacation- I didn't realize how much I really missed him. I wish I could put that first hug into words- it was cool. I'm actually sort of hoping that they will release me immediately after I give my notice, that way I can go home and take a nap. Even though I was home at midnight- I couldn't sleep and then f*ing Rene called at 1am. I didn't answer, but he's insane. I didn't want to have to call him back, so this morning I left him a voicemail the backway (without having to direct dial him) and left him a message- told him I appreciated his concern about how I am, but that I've been on vacation and that I have a new boyfriend and that he should know that while he's trying to call me all the time. I didn't say I'd talk to him later- I just said "take care". So, hopefully, that's the end of that. Anyway, keep your fingers crossed about the formal offer today- mama needs a new bike. (yeah, whatever).

 I'm going to have to say that margaritas are a must. Tell him I said pretty please with sugar on top! I haven't been able to go out and have a drink or two in so long! It'll be nice to kick back and relax and try not to get sunburned. :) Poor Ryan! Did she help him pick out the ring or was this something that he picked out for her because he really thought she'd like it? That would be really tough. Well, if you don't kill her, she'll be married soon and then you won't have to worry about it anymore. :) It'll be ok in the end. Does she have to pay for anything that goes over her allotted wedding money? Nothing new here, really. It's Tuesday again. That's about it. ;) You all have a good one! KJT:)

 I am positive that there will be plenty of alcohol at this party. I have to ask Eric to make his marguaritas. They are strong but they are goooood. Damn, is anyone else who has AOL sick of these damn pop-ups? I guess they're not really pop-ups since I have my blocker on. It's pissing me off. I think you're right Em about wanting something for other people. I think Lisa doesn't like the baguette diamonds around her large stone. She hates the band that goes with it and just wants a whole new one. I bet that hurt Ryan's feelings a little.

 Hi kids...Em, just emailed you but should'a checked here first. Congrats! Is this job in marketing for the newspapers? BTW, the $35 ticket price for Better than Ezra @ Old St. Pat's includes 3 bands and 5 beverages of your choice (beer, wine, coke, etc.), so it's not that bad. I've never been but hear it's one of Chicago's best festivals for debauchery :) Anyway, I'm off that Friday and it's just a few minutes from our place, so if anyone makes it up and needs a place to crash...... Birthday was nice, thanks. No drunken stupor! We DID get rained on (but not out) at Elvis. It friggin poured for 20 minutes while we sat, soaking it in, literally. After that, the sun came out and turned the pavillion into a sauna. Liz took me out for dinner and we went to the park to watch Casablanca that night. BTW II, Pete Yorn is godawful in concert. Women and weddings. Sheesh. : ) My goal is to get my wife drunk at the Cunningham affair. My dad says it's good to have goals. Especially ones that are easily attainable. Ehehehe.

 Too bad I'm leaving this job- otherwise I could get the Better Than Ezra tix for free... dammit. That's one perk I'm really going to hate to give up. Even though I don't use it too often, it's a nice perk. Cara/Steph- I'll email you a pic of Marshall- it's not the greatest of him- but he sent it to me the other night...might as well embarass him while I can ! He is disappointed- he really wanted to come to the party- but he just wasn't thinking about the scheduling thing. Cara, I think we're planning to leave around noon- or 1 to come up on Saturday (if that's not ok, just let me know). Pillows- no problem. Do we need blankets or anything or are you covered? Sorry that Lisa isn't cooperating. We are all indecisive I guess- it just becomes apparent when we WANT something for one of the others- and they won't decide. The credit limit thing- well, that's a whole other story. I can't believe that she doesn't like her ring now...what the hell? What doesn't she like about it? Chris- have you been in a drunken stupor since your birthday and that is why you don't return emails or blogs? I'm sick of rain and heat. And it's only early July.

 Better Than Ezra Dates Fri. 07-18-2003 Chicago, IL World's Largest Block Party Old St. Pat's Church Chicago, IL directions Doors: 5pm Tickets: $35 in advance; $40 day of show 21+ only w/ Sonia Dada Tickets on sale now Sat. 07-19-2003 Indianapolis, IN Vogue Theater 6259 North College Ave Indianapolis, IN 46220 directions Venue #: 317-254-2028 Doors: 6pm Tickets: $18 21+ only Tickets on sale now

 Congratulations on the offer, Emily. Sorry to hear it wasn't exactly what you expected. If you're not as stressed, it's got to be worth it. I'm disappointed that I won't get to meet the famous Marshall, but there will hopefully be other times. Rene is not invited. :) Let me know when you guys wanna come up. I think all you need to bring are pillows. Lisa is driving me and my mother nuts, but for different reasons. I'm trying to plan her shower, which I don't think she gives a damn about. I ask her questions and all I get is "I don't care," "whatever" or "do what you want." So I have no idea what she really wants and getting her to do ANYTHING is a struggle. I couldn't come home this weekend and I wanted her to look at shower places. She looked at ONE (the one *I* didn't like) and decided on that one. It's a cheaper place but that just means more work for me and mom. I swear, Ladies, just tell your maid of honor what you want. You're not going to look bossy....you'll be helping them. Jesus Christ. I don't know how any one put up with me because I was just as indecisive. Mom's problem is Lisa is charging EVERYTHING and she's afraid she's going to go over her specified limit. The girl had the nerve to ask her if they could charge a new engagement ring because she doesn't like the one she got!! She bought wedding invitations that she now doesn't like and put the wrong start time on them! Chris...Hope you didn't get rained out at Costello. Happy Belated Birthday Monkey Man! Steph, it POURED over here yesterday and today. The 4th of July was just hot as hell. Watching fireworks on tv is just no the same.

 Well Miss Karissa, almost right on cue! I just concluded my informal offer on the phone with one, Mr. Richard Lewis (the attractive Brit with the BAD teeth). They are waiting for a few callbacks from references to be able to complete the formal offer. But they want to fax it to me tomorrow (yes, at work- Yikes). I'm slightly disappointed because they offered me a little less than I was hoping...however...I can make a bonus at the end of the year for $2500 which makes up for it. And I can look at that as sort of a savings plan. Which I've decided I have to get better at anyway....the car...as beautiful as it is- was a BAD purchase. I can't sell it now- because I'll be completely upside down with it- but I've got to try to see if I can refinance in any way to lower my payments. Emily had a near meltdown last night due to money-stressors...not good. And with such less stress than what I'm dealing with now- it's worth a little less money too. And I can get a promotion in about 6 months (I'll work hard to move that forward). 'Rissa- can't wait to see the hair- I'd say lets do lunch today- but I'm broke as a joke until Friday (and that's still pushing it!). I don't think I'm going to give my notice until Thursday- that way they'll still pay me- maybe Wednesday. Anyway- though I'm disappointed that I won't be a millionaire before I'm 30 (no, I didn't really think I would be)- I'm very happy about the job.....so.....onward and upward..right? ;)

 My weekend was definitely eventful. The party was a success and we didn't melt too much, though I'm still trying to re-hydrate after sweating so much. I got there on Friday morning and took my box fan with me, which was a god-send. I don't think I could have gotten any sleep without it. (As it was, I dreamed about Harry Potter's mom finding her way to Hogwarts, much like Wolverine found the X-Men school; and one of the students kept running away so she opted to be turned into a 4-inch purple monkey....hot-weather dreams are always a little weirder than normal). Saturday was pretty good. The Housemans all got there around 3 in the afternoon. Maggie opened presents first, which gave the other kids stuff to play with since she was more interested in visiting with and being fawned over by the grandparents and aunts and uncles who all seemed to be there just for her. Joel's brother, Andrew, chased the kids with the garden hose to help them cool off. They had such a good time! Well, the boys liked it. Eva, Jake's older cousin, was too lady-like to do that and didn't like being sprayed with water at all. I'll tell you, if I wasn't too old and lumpy, I would have been out there in my underwear running around, too. After presents, Maggie was tired and went down for another nap (hot just makes us all tired) and Dad started up the grill. We had hot dogs (snake tongues) and hamburgers, grapes (eyeballs), and lots of other food. My sister had decorated the cake with Big Bird's face so it matched the plates and the Sesame Street theme and everyone was appropriately impressed. Before the Housemans cleared out, there was a big storm with lots of lightening and thunder and we had to keep going over it that thunder can't hurt you and since we were in the house the lightening couldn't either, and no, there was not going to be a tornado just because it was windy. I'll tell you, kids can totally feed off each other's ideas when they get going like that and they are not listening to reason. :) By Sunday, I was so hot I cut my hair. It looks really nice, too, if I do say so myself. It's all springy and curly all over. I kept the bangs longer than the rest so I can pull them back and that helps tame it a little bit. Now I just want to keep touching my hair, though. It's so soft and sproingy! It's totally off my neck but not really short. It still curls around my ears and stuff. Aa for my grandma, she's doing fine. It was her left arm and she's right-handed, so the doctor said she'd be bowling again within the month. No, she doesn't bowl left-handed, but she has to keep it stable for at least a month before her other shoulder can move freely again without causing twisting pain or something. I don't know; it's all weird to me. All I know is that she's staying in Ohio so my parents don't have to worry about getting a divorce. Yea! Cara, I'm sorry to hear about your grandma but I'm glad she's doing better. Maybe the stroke fixed a connection that was broken before. Brains do weird things, as we all well know, so who knows? It's got to be easier on your dad, though, and that's a good thing. Em, let us know when you get your offer. It sounds fabu! I'll keep my fingers crossed for you. In the mean time, I need to get some work done. Love you all and more later, KJT:)

 that

 cracked

 my

 shit

 up

 piece of shit.

 Damn it! This thing is not working for me!

 DAMN IT. I KNOW I wrote something yesterday and it's not freakin' on here! I made fun of Creed and everything. I'm pouting now.

 DAMN IT. I KNOW I wrote something yesterday and it's not freakin' on here! I made fun of Creed and everything. I'm pouting now.

 Do you know what time the actual concert starts? Are we going to stop by the Vogue and get tickets first? So we're meeting at Em's at 5? Can I think of any more questions to ask in this whiney annoying voice in my head? I'm heading back down to B-town after the concert, so I'm probably going to abandon you all then. It's tough turning into an old woman...;)

 Chris- I just emailed you and Cara about that very same thing. OF COURSE you can crash at my place. Someone can have the futon and someone else, the couch. Marshall will probably stay over- so he'll be there too. As far as going out after the show- we'll already be at the Vogue- and I imagine that they'll just turn it into their regular dance place- but we could always head over to the Rock Lobster. I'm on a very strict budget this weekend- so I guess I'll be drinking beer...ick.

 Cara and I should be in Indy at around 4:30 or 5. We'll just head to emily's place unless I hear otherwise. Did you guys wanna get food before the show? Maybe Bazbeaux's in Broadripple and get a pizza or something at 6 or so. Plus, they have those giant tables on the roof deck so there'll be enough room for all of us...just a suggestion. Was anyone up for going out after the concert (I have some friends that might meet up with us after the show)? Em, can we (not including the friends) crash at your place?

 Just a word to everyone- TODAY IS MY LAST DAY AT SPRINT HELL!!! With that in mind- my cell phone will probably be disconnected as of this afternoon. So don't be surprised if you try to call me and it goes to someone else. You can call me at home though 317-783-1528 if you need to- and when I get a new cell, I'll post it. See you guys!

 The first one is always the most cherished. The 99,654th one isnt so much. Let me know when you dig for worms :)

 Oh- and something I just have to share with the gang- since this is a close group. . . Marshall and I crossed a major line last night- and have now broken down a barrier that some people can't cover in MARRIAGE. Yes, indeedy, he farted. I promise- we'll be getting married one of these days ;)

 Well, if we're confessing about porn viewings here- if we are talking about print only- then I haven't seen that in a very long time. Probably some time when I lived with my dad in PA- I remember finding one of my brother's Playboys. Steph, I wonder if your boss and my new boss are related. My new boss left for London on last Saturday- and he'll be gone for 3 weeks. I'm sure that they aren't related- but it's interesting anyway. I was up until almost 3am last night with Marshall- he couldn't stop giggling- so we were up late. And of course, I had to get up at 6:00 today- so it was a shortage of sleep evening. But I did however play my first "roleplaying" game- called Munchkin. I think you guys would like this game- because you don't have to make up any characters- the cards do it for you- and then it gives you your "weapons" and "curses"- And you have to fight Monsters, such as: the Lust Monster, or the Undead Lawyer Monster...it was pretty fun. I think I'm being geekified....

 i haven't seen porn since the last time you worked at the bookstore also, cara. how i long for those days. j/k ;) my boss just left for europe on tuesday and we've been busy as hell in the office. bastard. i want to go to europe. though for a year, not just 3 weeks. that would be ideal. ha! it is so hot here. it stormed everyday before that hurricane and now it won't rain at all. it's probably still 85 degrees outside right now (9:15pm).

 Hey......I posted on here last night and it's not here! What the heck? Well, I THOUGHT I wrote something..... If erotica has advertisements....then yes. I haven't seen porn since I last worked at the bookstore....ah...the good ol' days.

 It only too three attempts for me to enter the right pass word. Me tired? No, not me....ZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz Does erotica count as porn since there aren't any pictures? Sasquatch, chiclet, puddle....;)

 JB will not be getting inebriated with us- he and Jen will be at their friend Shawn's wedding in Evansville this weekend. John's in the wedding. Chris- cool that you and Liz agreed about the suburb thing- I'm sure you'll still be close enough to the city that you can get there whenever you want to. The Blue Fish reference is in Finding Nemo- there are some deep thoughts like "Sea Monkey has my money".

 We had the worst storm last night. The sky was perpetually lit up with lightning. It only lasted for about 20 minutes but it was amazing. I'll be coming down on Sat. rather than Friday. Liz just does not want to leave her job and move to Indy, which I totally understand. We did make an agreement though - we are going to get a house outside of Chicago cause 3 years in the city is enough for me. Grass would be nice. Anyway, Cara just let me know what time you'll be finished at the beach party. Elizabeth was planning on coming down also, but she's been home sick/exhausted the past two days so she might not be up for it. What movie does the Blue Fish reference? I'm thinking Finding Nemo, but I dont remember any deep thoughts from it. Will John Beresford be getting pleasantly inebriated with us? Sometimes I just like to say sasquatch and chiclet. No reason. I just like the way they sound. Chiclet... I havent read too much porn either. A word for the wise - never, ever borrow lip balm from Cara.

 Damn- more rain and MORE thunder- this is getting to feel like Seattle! I'm exhausted today- probably because I stayed up too late with Marshall- doesn't help that he set the alarm wrong either. Thank god I woke up on my own at 7:19. I think Saturday is still a little open- depending on when everyone is arriving in town (Cara/Chris- are you guys staying with me, or at parents/gparents??)- lots of it depends on my $$ situation. I'm perpetually broke- I have NO saving skills whatsoever. Cara- you need to teach a class on money management

 Hey, Everybody! Do we have a gereral plan for Saturday evening yet? It looks like you might not only get to meet Marshall but maybe Brian and Erica and her other Brian as well. I don't know for sure about Erica and B, but Brian was saying that when he told her where we were going that she thought it sounded like fun. I figure, the more the merrier, especially if it means finding the other kids who share the short bus. :) I know you guys were talking about it at the cook out, but I have the attention span of a gnat on good days and there were way too many distractions there for me to really keep any of that in my head. Plus at that point I wasn't even sure if I'd go or not, but now that I've decided to, you have my undivided attention. What can I say? My blue fish nature is really taking over. And I really need to go see that movie...;)

 The key phrase in Cara's post was "haven't read MUCH porn". That's like when my mom said that she hadn't experimented with drugs. . .much. :)

 Chris---I don't think I can make it down there on Friday. The Cunningham beach party starts at 12 and I HAVE to go for an hour or two. Actually, I think Bob disapproves of me leaving early. He switched days with someone to have the day off. He'll go back to work though. The man is a workaholic. I'm not saying anymore about living in Valpo except that I really do have an awesome realtor in mind for you AND that church bell really does ring about 60 times. Karissa---In my latest issue of Bitch Magazine, there was a little blurb about the book that you are reading. I wish it said more but it sounded good. Steph/Karissa---Also in my magazine, there was an ad for a website called Azure Green. It sells "Magickal Goods." They also have a free 40,000 item catalog. In the ad, they show bumper stickers that read, "Bondage is Knot for Everyone" and "Doing My Part to Piss Off the Religious Right." The website address is azuregreen.com. They have the greatest ads in this magazine. I haven't read much porn, but I doubt they have full color page ads of dildos and sex shop testimonials. I bet I'm making the Monkey Boy's head spin.

 Chris- congrats at least on getting the interview- it's tough enough in this job market to accomplish that! Believe me, I know! Too bad Chicago and Indy aren't just a little closer together so you guys could consider both commuting. I know Indy isn't any Chicago- but I love Indy- I really could build a house here and settle down for a long time. I see what you mean though about the dilemma with Liz- that would be hard to walk away from- and VP isn't an easy feat. Chris- by the way- Marshall was very impressed that I was "fishing" on Saturday. Guess he's going to take me digging for worms here soon. ;)

 I echo Em's statements. It was a really good time and we enjoyed hearing about the many wonders Valpo/Chesterton has to offer : ) We were talking about looking at that cool house this week, but we arent going to buy until next april so I dunno if it'd be worth it. Did you guys do anything on Sunday or just head back home? It looks like I'm going to be in Indy on Friday for an interview. Yes, in Indy. It's a job I really want, pay is comparable to what I make up here, and housing is twice as less. It's at a legal advocacy firm on the circle and they'll pay a large portion of my law school if I go to IU - Indy. The problem is, Liz is approaching VP level at her job and DOES NOT want to just walk away. Especially to go to Indy. I dunno what to do. I think I'm being selfish but I'll still just explore it further and see what happens. Cara, if I dont go down Friday, wanna lift on Saturday? Any particular time you wanna head down there?

 Just wanted to say that it was a really good time this weekend- it was nice to see everyone! Steph- we definitely missed you there. Cara- the house is really cute, you guys have done a great job with the decorating- I'm definitely envious! Cara/Chris- Hope you guys can still make it this weekend. Marshall is looking forward to it. Hey- if you guys get the chance to see Pirates of the Caribbean- it was really good. The special effects were great. Johnny Depp was awesome.

 i don't think i've ever had a really bad experience in a hotel. i've stayed in ones where the showers really sucked dick, but cleanliness was never compromised.

 oh yeah, don't be embarrassed either. the jerk who made you do this should be the one who's embarrassed- about their own behavior. they probably think they are getting ahead by abusing other people, but only make him/herself look like a huge asshole.

 cara, i'm sorry to hear you had a bad day. that really sucks that someone would do that to you. that's completely unfair. maybe you should tell a human resources person about this situation. that way it should never happen again. don't question yourself about why you started crying-it's completely understandable!! which job is this now? i don't remember.

 I was in a hotel in Midland, Texas that was so bad that I wouldn't take my shoes off. The carpet was nasty!! I had to make a speech today. I am so out of practice. My knees were literally shaking. We were at a sales meeting today with about 70 other people. I thought we were going to speak as a group, but the leader singled me out and made me speak, totally unprepared. I think it was because I was the new girl or something. I burst into tears immediately afterwards for no apparent reason. I NEVER do that. I may cry a lot in my own home..but NOT in those situations. Of course my co-worker, Kelly, made it worse because she kept saying how our general manager must have it in for me and set me up. It was totally weird and I'm not explaining it correctly. I'm now totally embarassed even though Kelly says no one saw me bawling. I wish I could figure out why I do the things I do at times.

 Wouldn't you wonder if the room smelled like your armpit? Like, how did they get that smell? Then you'd have to think about how you're being stalked by the hotel people who like you so much that they want the room to smell like you and that would lead to paranoia and then you'd have to explain to the cops that they are out to get you and no one would believe you until it was too late. Hm. Yeah, I think a room change is definitely in order....:)

 Chris- nothing worse than an armpit room- unless you have the ass-stank room. Which is usually generated by a smoker in a non-smoking room...I'd request a room change. Adios motherfucker= Emily puking.

 dunno if you really wanna order it. Tis a baaaad mo fo. Ingredients 1 oz Kahlua 1 oz Tequila Layer in a shot glass. Adios motherfucker. My hotel room smells like an armpit. Not even mine.

 Cara- the comment about Mariah Carey's new song...all I have to say is....at the time you heard "Here's Mariah Carey's new song" on the radio- channel surfing should have commenced. ;) That IS a great part in Swingers..."she's a shy little bay-bee" lol Ok...another oddity...never in my life had I met a professional dominatrix...now I know 3 for sure- and one more that I'm pretty sure about. This is odd. Anyway...back to work...just thought I'd pop in.

 What is in an Adios Motherfucker #2? I would love to order it. You know how I love songs with Motherfucker in it. Jen could have a Shirley Temple. That was my drink of choice when I was younger. Haven't really changed much...still prefer Cherry Cokes over anything. Have you heard Mariah Carey's new song? It has Dave Navarro in it too. It's HORRIBLE. It's a cover of some stupid hair band like Ratt or Def Leopard. Headin for a heart break or something like that. The part *I* liked the bet about Swingers is when Vince Vaughn thinks that woman is making faces at him when she's really playing with the baby. Steph....I wanna play bingo. I've actually asked bob to take me to some american legion to play. He looked at me like I was nuts. Guess I'm just a dork.

 Steph- thanks for the info- I really hope to come. I've been wanting to come down ever since you moved- I just haven't had the opportunity. But I have 3 weeks of vacation with this job- so I'll have plenty of time. I'm sure the Jane's Addiction scarves fiasco was a Perry Ferrel idea- I'm sure the man thinks he's a fashion designer; what, with his keen idea of 2 size too big dress pants with a 1 size too small vest on every occasion. It's amazing how a person can never meet a "swinger" in their life- and then suddenly know MANY of that lifestyle. Maybe I'm just naive- but I didn't realize there were so many "swingers" in our age bracket. Which, by the way my friends, we are almost all in that 25-34 "box" now...scary... (Jen, that just leaves you until next month- but you get honorary mention due to your condition.) *Coolest thing about my new job* The temporary office I'm in (which I'm going to rally to keep) has a PRIVATE BATHROOM. No more sharing with the yutzes down the hall. No smelly boys (sorry Chris)....I think I'm in small town heaven (so to speak)

 You know, I've never had a Midori Sour. I can see I'm going to have to get someone to drive so I can try one. But I do like tart things, so I'm betting it's a good thing. :) I'm with Steph. Swingers wasn't really my movie, but I did love that scene where he kept calling and leaving messages on the machine. Maybe I should watch that movie again. I wonder if it's like The Graduate, I just wasn't ready for it the first time. :) I don't have any news or anything but I realized I've been way too quiet for way too long. Had a great weekend, though. Chris and Cara, I was really glad to see you and next time I won't bail. :) For some reason, I find Brian irresistable. I think it has something to do with my IQ dropping and my hormones getting louder as I get older. What am I going to be like when I'm 35? Kind of a frightening thought.

 em- you can check this out for all the "detailed" info. http://www.nola.com/mardigras/parades/

 em- that would be really cool if you came down here. mardi gras is on feb 24 next year. a little earlier, but not that bad. i haven't heard any of the new jane's addiction, but i saw them on the cover of spin. who told them all to wear scarves? good music, but bad spin fashion. mmmm, hurricane. it's like a long island, only better. :) i think you are exactly right about those drinks, chris. you know, i really didn't like the movie swingers. i like vince vaughn, but i don't think swingers is my kind of movie. although, tomorrow night adam and i are going to this "bingo" thing in the quarter. it's at this restaurant and it's actually a show (with the "swinger" lifestyle type people), but you actually play bingo during part of it. i better get some work done. yuk.

 Swingers is one of the best. * Oh I'm an asshole right, I'm an asshole* Gotta love Vince Vaughn. Chris- you are going to be one of those guys who carries around his own dart kit- and taunts Cara with it, aren't you? Chris- be careful on the Kazaa downloads- the songs are mislabeled (probably from the record label itself) to confuse the everyday downloader. It's near IMPOSSIBLE to find the actual "Wrong Girl" song- for some reason- it always comes up with the label Wrong Girl- but it's actually "Superhero". The real album was released today. And when I get paid on Friday- I'm buying the real deal. SEE RECORD PEOPLE- WE DO DOWNLOAD AND THEN PURCHASE! Chris- If you were a drink, I think you'd be a boilermaker- real smooth at first- but kind of funny at the end. Only if the pope shits and the bear is catholic.

 One of the best scenes in cinematic history (ok, a stretch...) - Mikey making 7 phone calls to Nikki at 2:30 in the morning. God, Swingers was a great movie. I have a confession. I broke the dart. Ahhh...Jane's Addiction. I remember the first time I heard Stop. Blew my mind. I miss 1992. I dont think I've heard any of the new stuff...KaZaa here I come. If you ladies were alcoholic beverages, you would be classified as follows: Karissa - Midori Sour Emily - gin and tonic Cara - Adios Motherfucker #2 Jen - virgin screwdriver aka orange juice (check back in nine months) Steph - Hurricane If a bear shits in the woods, is the pope catholic?

 by the way- you can go to janesaddiction.com and listen to some of the new songs.

 Ladies and Gentleman. . . Jane's Addiction is back in the hizzle for shizzle. Their new track "Just Because" is especially nice. And if I may say so- Dave Navarro is looking as sexy as ever. And Perry Ferrell actually looks sober and clean (but then again, so did Weiland at one point). I just watched the video on mtv.com...i'm loving it. Steph- when is Mardi Gras next year? Marshall wants to come to New Orleans for cemetary picture taking- and we'd like to do the Mardi Gras thing for once in a lifetime (plus he'd like to do some Reznor-hunting). And I've still never been there (no excuses)- so it's time I make a trip!! Lator Tators!

 I try. :)

 HA! I forgot about the Champ! Here comes the Champ! Stephanie!! You out there??? How did the bingo swinger thing go? Tell Adam everyone in Indiana says hello! You know, ever since my speech, the big boss man says hello to me every morning. This guy wouldn't even look me in the eye before. Maybe I did better than I thought. Don't get me wrong about the shower. I am more than happy to do it. I was just a little caught off guard that the list somehow doubled. She just not realized that she invited 60 people. I also think she did it because she doesn't want to invite anyone to the shower Ryan's mom is throwing her. Ryan's mom totally ignored Lisa's protests over the time, day, food and place of the shower. I hate that woman. I was outside today on a golf course and now my face is very red. It's not burnt but I do look silly. We were giving out little divit tool things on our sponsored hole. I guess I'll be doing more of these things which is fine since I get out of the office. Karissa....Have fun visiting with the fam and doing laundry. I completely understand the thrill of not having to do your laundry in a laundry mat. That reminds me...I think I still have clothes in the washer. Jealous? :)

 Well, the gorilla cost me $1.00. But I ALSO won a rainbow colored, fuzzy, hippopatomus (or like Rob Schneider in Big Daddy says "a Hip, Hip-hop, Hip-hop-a-nonymous"). Total cost= $1.50. I had this one little kid in awe. They don't call me the "Champ" for nothing....ponder that...

 Emily, you always have the best luck with those things! I've never gotten the hang of it and I think if I ever managed to get something, it would end up costing me $12 in quarters, anyway. I think I'll stick to getting toys the old fashioned way: stealing them from little kids. ;D I'm so excited! The kids are coming down this weekend! I'm going to get to see my Jacob and my Magpye! And we're going bowling! And I'm doing laundry! Could this weekend get any better? Well, I can think of one thing that would make it perfect... never mind! It's going to be a great weekend! And it's Jenny's birthday! Yea! Very exciting. :) Yesterday my friend Tressa and I dug up this geode that I've been looking at since last winter. It lived out behind the SRSC beside the sidewalk that goes from the parking lot up to the back of the building. Tressa remembered a spoon so we were able to get it out. It took like 15 minutes of digging and then some hard pushing and pulling, but it's here now, sitting on my desk. I'm thinking about making it my pet rock. Garry and Tressa both want to break it open but I won't let them. I have a little geode out in the car I'm going to bring in and let the smash, but this one is going to have to stay as it is. It looks like a mountian. It's flat and wide at the bottom (which is part of the reason it was so hard to dig out) and rounded at the top. So it's an old mountain; it's still the biggest geode in my collection. I'm very excited about that, too. :) I think it's all the sunshine; it makes me happy. :)

 Cara- didn't she have a guest list before this was all planned? How did it double?! I don't envy you with all this- if there's something I can do to help though- let me know. Chris- you back from Philly land? How did the armpit room work out? I won a gorilla from the claw-grabber game at the laundrymat. He's wearing yellow shorts and boxing gloves.

 Lisa wants to invite 60 people to her shower!! I don't think I got a big enough room. I thought there would be 25 people tops! I only bought 30 invitations! Jesus Christ!

 Chris- you are too funny. I wouldn't have even caught that shower reference- thanks for the disclaimer for those of us Obvious-impaired. Chicago is such a great city- minus the fucking traffic. I had such a great time there this weekend. Cara it was so nice to hang out with you and shop and have fun. Marshall enjoyed the convention on Saturday and then bailed from it on Sunday to hang out with me downtown. He bought like 20 candles from Illuminations at the Water Tower. And we had ice cream at Ghiardellis (I give this a high recommendation!). On Saturday night- we saw Weird Al at the Skyline Amphitheatre at Navy Pier. I was DREADING this show- but it was SO fun! Weird Al is hilarious in person- I know it sounds totally cheesy- but if you get the chance to see him- GO. Other than that, I'm totally exhausted from the weekend. Way too much driving and walking- but it was fun. I spent too much money- but it was worth it. Talk to you guys later!

 damn, steph, those are the type of showers I'm talkin bout. what hotel was that? : ) Disclaimer: The above was only a joke. In no way does it reflect my personal thoughts. However, should anyone find a shower that has the below mentioned abilities, please drop me a line.

 Kerri and Aida are going to throw John and I a couples wedding shower the first weekend in October, I think that it is the 4th or 5th (Cara if this is when Lisa's wedding is let me know so that we can change the date). I know at some point I had everyone's address but with us moving I have no idea where my address book is and I need to get a list to Kerri and Aida so that they have a rough idea of how many people are going to be invited. Also FYI my new address is: 130 Pinedale Ct. Whiteland, IN 46184 John and I are using are cell phones as our phone lines so those numbers are (812) 552-1607 (ME) & (812) 552-1801 (JOHN). So far in my search of where I want to have the wedding I like the packages at MGM Grand. But I haven't looked at Ceasar's or the Venetican. Hope everyone has a good weekend.

 Damn it, I have poison ivy! (that's all I have to say) Besides that I thought Aida would take it well.

 hey jen, glad you're back on. check out wiggaz.com. i already told the others about it, but it is so funny i had to say it again. :) plus i'm sure you could use a laugh to stop thinking about getting sick. i'll send you a longer email later, but i should get back to work right now. just wanted to welcome you back!

 This just in..... I can now get on the internet. Yeah me! All things good in the Beresford Bungalow. John and I have offically set the date as Nov. 27. We are still planning for Vegas but I have to now search for were in Vegas I want to have it. I know that this is short notice and you guys may not have the money to go and or want to spend the holiday with your families so please do not feel bad if you can not make it. I would of course love each and everyone of you there but I understand how life works and it may not be easy for you guys to get there. We broke the baby news to John's family this week and everyone took it well. So that is a big relief. I am 8 weeks now, so only one more month of hell and than apparently I am supposed to magically stop puking my guts out as soon as I hit 12-13 weeks. We will see. I am carrying a Beresford baby so it is bound to be difficult, more than likely late (b/c when is a Beresford ever on time) or both. The alteration business is going well. Kerri has come to work for Aida and she is catching on to everthing quickly. It's pretty neat which ever area that one of us is struggling to learn the other one knows how to do it. So even though we are both learning how to do everything right now eventually she and I can specialize in certain areas. Aida is being really supportive of everything. She has really chilled out with age. I think that we are going to try and get the basement fixed up at the shop so that for now at least me but also when Kerri has children that we can bring them to work and not have to pay for daycare. If it's not ready by the time I get back from maternity leave than I think that she is still going to let me bring the baby but I will keep it in a pack and play. More later it is way past my bedtime. It's nice tonight John is even Evansville so I get the whole bed to myself. Yippy!! Jen P.S. If it's a boy-Samuel Kenneth If it's a girl-Emily Grace Oh and if now one told you guys Liza is also pregnant. She is exactly one month ahead of me.

 Steph- that site was TOO funny. I had to send it on to my brother too because I know he'd find it hilarious. Everyone- Jen is having trouble with her computer- it's not recognizing it's own format or something. So she can't get online to blog or email or anything just yet. However, they did announce their news to John's family last night and I guess all was received well. She was still there when I happened to call- so I couldn't get details, but I know things are all good. Finally- just FYI (unless something changes, which it always could)- they are planning to do the wedding in Vegas on Thanksgiving- 11/27 (also John's B-day). Just wanted to get the date out there FYI. I think Cara and I will be planning the bridal shower for sometime in October (after Lisa's wedding)- and as far as a bachelorette party- Jen wants to do that AFTER she has the baby (which is also AFTER the wedding). Baby Shower...probably sometime in late January if possible. But I'm hoping Liza will take the lead on this one...but I'm not holding my breath. later all

 em- that's really funny, i didn't even catch it before. :) tell jen i want to see that picture! that sounds cool, i want to hear the story. check out wiggaz.com it's freakin hilarious.

 uh, that's BITE SIZE not bite site.

 One more thing- They now make bite site Fudge Stripe cookies. Too small to put on all of your fingers- but yummy just the same. :)

 Grrrrr...I hate it when you spend 45 minutes on a report and then have to open another file- and then when you close the 2nd file- you accidently close the 1st one without saving... Steph- thanks for the feedback. I was glad I said something too- I mean, yeah, so it's just a small thing- but damn. I love hardwood floors. That was one of my mom's favorite features of her house- and now she wants to get carpet...I was freaking out about that. *COOL JEN STORY* She said she was going to try to post this on the Blog- but if she hadn't in a few days she wanted me to pass it on to her fellow WWF (or WWE if you so desire) fans (or former fans). When her and John were at Holiday World this past weekend- so was freaking Mick Foley! She got her picture taken with Mr. Mankind himself! Steph, I know you HAVE to be a little jealous of this one- and so am I. She was really excited- so that's cool. I don't know about the timing though- hopefully she won't have a daredevil child now! See you guys

 there are sooooo many reasons why bush and his administration should all be thrown in jail, and me 3 about not voting for him. there are islands off the coast of panama (under panamanian rule) that are supposed to be paradise. there are no hurricanes and it stays around 80 degrees year round. there are some good investments there with noni fruit and teakwood and i want to go there really bad! you should check out escapeartist.com emily, i would have done the same thing to rude ass inconsiderate shits like that too. people need to say something to let these people know they are rude. i'm glad you said something. cara, when adam and i buy a house i am going to make sure we have hardwood floors. that won't be hard to find down here. carpet just gets too messed up all the time. i'll just get big oriental rugs. :) did you guys have fun at jen's birthday dinner? she should be getting a card from me soon. i also sent her an ecard, but forgot that she probably doesn't have her computer up yet.

 Oh Lordy... Somehow the ghetto mama creeped right out my ass tonight at the laundry mat. All people (women especially) should know that in the laundrymat world a basket on a table CLAIMS that table for the folding of one's clothes- as long as that person remains on the premises. This girl and her guy had to go and put their stuff on the table- right along side mine- and they pulled their clothes out of the dryer 5 minutes early *their stuff was 2 minutes behind mine by the timer* to fold it on my table. They didn't bother to move my basket or anything...yeah...the old Mersich temper got the best of me... I had to go snatch my basket and say "Yeah, like there wasn't 8 other empty tables you could have folded at right?". So she was like "Oh, your basket on the table means it's yours?". So I was like "Look- I'm just saying with 4 other tables that are empty and DIRECTLY next to this one- I don't understand why you had to take the ONE table that had stuff on it". I think I coulda took her ;) Now I just feel dumb... Hey Cara- I agree with you about the Catholic Church- but just want to clarify (if indeed this is what you are referring too- if not, forgive me)- the pastor who is waiting for the final vote and it's being delayed by allegations- that's an Episcopal church- not the Catholics for once. I am also thankful I DID NOT vote for Bush. If we have to live through term 2- I might just choose to sing "O Canada" for 4 years...

 Nothing new here. Found out that we have hardwood floors in the front porch that look halfway decent. Never seen a man so excited about renting a sander before. Steph...what's in Panama? Besides a canal? Is anyone else disgusted by the catholic church? I always said that that was one thing that I was NOT and that is Catholic. Damn, this whole putting down homosexuals pisses me off. Who are these assholes to judge?! I am also thankful that I did NOT vote for Bush.

 hey! i didn't go to the bingo thing. the person we were going to go with didn't go that week. but i'll go soon and then i will give you all the details. i've been pretty busy this week. adam's brother, henry, had to be completely moved out of his old place by friday so i went along to help move, but he didn't have anything packed so i couldn't do much. and then it literally took 3 days to move everything down the street to his estranged wife's house. and then his new place in the french quarter still doesn't have electricity so he is staying with us until that happens. so that has been my week from wednesday to today. karissa, break that thing open witch! :) i don't think i would be able to stand just staring at it knowing what was inside and that would be prettier to look at than the outside. cara, good luck with the shower! that's a lot of people to host. maybe that speech at work was a good thing because now you'll be even more prepared for that many people. that's good that your boss talks to you now. hopefully he has a lot of respect for what you did. maybe he sees it as the new girl taking charge! i want to expatriate, but just to all over the world. panama is looking nice right now. i think we're getting ready to leave, i'll talk to you guys soon.

 motherfucker wont let me post a link. cut n' paste. riotous. http://home.wanadoo.nl/annekebroenink/maukie2.swf

 I have decided to move to India and submerse myself in expatriot counterculture and surf everyday in Goa. I am a realist. I am an idealist. I am an idiot. How you feel about the following link will shine much light onto your innermost thoughts: urlLink I would like to be reincarnated as a pinata.

 Good to hear that you guys are coming. I thought you were but I wanted to double check. I think after all the worrying about inviting 60 people, we're not going to have that many. Unless people forgot to RSVP and just show up. My cousins didn't think they had to RSVP. I could understand if the shower was at someone's house but not when you have to have the damn thing catered! A couple of years ago, my dad wanted a telescope sooo bad. That's all he wanted for Christmas was a telescope. He didn't want a cheap one...noooo...he wanted the BIG one. So we got him one and he was so excited. But all he could get into focus was the damn moon and now it's collecting dust somewhere. He would get it so the moon would take up the entire lens, so it looked like you were looking at just a white light. Shaun Richter is getting married in Vegas this weekend. I heard he wanted Elvis to marry them. Oscar got his rabies shot yesterday and now he's been lying around. I don't think he feels well. Holly is pregnant, which is very exciting and all. I'm just so sick of talking about freakin' babies. It would be different if they talked about the cute things they do but it's all about how much they slept or ate or spit up. I am so bored with the conversations that I can't stand it. It's in such detail too. I wanna run out of the room screaming. I guess I shouldn't talk like this with Jen being pregnant and all but I know we'll have other things to talk about when she does have Sam or Emily. Plus she won't make me feel like an outsider because I don't have kids. I'm starting to wonder if I'll ever want to have them.

 em- i didn't even catch it when i read it the first time! that's because i do that stuff ALL THE TIME. :)

 uh..scratch that...i mean, we've been checking out MARS every couple of days...I'm an idiot

 Steph, Marshall and I have been checking out the moon every couple of days- He has a telescope, but it's crap. So we can't see much better with it. It is awesome though- especially since we had a harvest moon the other night- everything in the sky was orange. Cara- yeah, the carpet puking thing...that's gross.. But if's he's stopped the biting, and now on to carpet- it's a progression, I guess. Movie to see: Sidewalks of New York. Written/Directed by Edward Burns

 cara- i don't have anything new to say either, but your post made me laugh. i'm sure oscar will grow out of his carpet eating (that doesn't sound good) and puking ways. if he survives to cathood! :) i was wondering about jen too. maybe she's really busy at the shop and stuff. have you guys seen mars yet? i was out the other night and couldn't believe how bright it was! i wish i had a telescope to see it that way. :(

 I'm going to be there, too! I need to double check the date but I'm pretty sure I was planning on being at the shower. It's going to be fun! Woo-hoo! I'm a little hyper this morning. I don't know why, but I'm thinking it's Friday and the weekend is looking good, and possibly long. My friend Erin is coming down tomorrow. I think some of you met her. She's the tall skinny vegetarian who showed up late to the movie marathons? Anyway, she's working as a children's librarian at the Marion County Public Library so we don't get to see each other much. And not to out her to strangers, but we have certain religious beliefs in common and will probably be doing related work this weekend. So that's very cool! Then Brian is coming down on Sunday so I may be calling into work late or dead on Monday. I've been thinking about taking a mental health day, anyway. :) We'll just have to see what happens then. :) In the mean time, it's still Friday, we just hired a new student, and I'm wearing a new bra. Can life get any better? Aside from the addition of ice cream?

 Cara- So sorry- I forgot to call your mom to RSVP. Yes, I will be there. If anyone wants to ride together, let me know. Jen, starting to worry about you...haven't seen you online, text messaged your phone and left you a vm.....things ok? I have bug bites all over. And I have no idea where it came from. But my right arm is all eaten up. Unless it's spider bites...ick.... Anyone have fun plans for the weekend? Other than the Evanessence concert on Sunday- I don't have any plans....

 Are you guys definitely coming to Lisa's shower? Please let me know. I need to get a final count so I can tell the Columns. Karissa...Congratulations on the bowling score. i still have never broken a hundred. Oscar's new thing is chewing up carpet and throwing it up. Isn't that precious? I think he's the devil. I wish I had something new and interesting to say, but I don't.

 ok..so that house is in the middle of the ghetto....no wonder there is a security alarm in it...yikes. Jen- hey girl...did you get my message? I haven't heard from you in a couple of days- hope everything is ok. I have some sort of weird rash or something on my leg...what the hell? If I had been around Cara I would think it was poison something- but it doesn't really itch...it's just weird...

 Well, Marshall can use it- occasionally. . . ;) Jen- if there's anything I can do to help with the shower, please let me know. We'd also like to maybe have our own shower for you- unless you think that is too much, I don't want to stress you out with everything coming up so fast, so let me know! We could have a couples shower too if you want. Hey, when is your first ultrasound? By the way- my DAD says congrats and best of luck! (he's definitely chilled out). Marshall and I have decided to try to buy a house instead of rent one with the way that rates are right now...I told my dad that too last night, and he was actually excited! (I swear the world IS coming to an end). Anyway...we just want to get a small house that's a little fixer-upper that won't cost too much per month so that we can build some equity and then either build or buy something bigger in a few years (5 or so)- but the one we are going to see this weeked (if you are interested) is- http://remax.realtor.com/Prop/1029119126?gate=remax Don't know if that will link, but you could cut and paste I guess. Jen, let me know about that stuff!

 Gotta run to work but.... October 5 or 6 will be fine. Lisa's wedding is the 11th so as far as I know, I can make it. Had to go to the doctor about the poison ivy. Am feeling much better. I could not think of a better prize for Em. Just wonder if she's going to let Marshall use it. :)

 We haven't registered yet but will probably register this weekend. We are thinking of Linen's N Things and maybe one other place not sure yet. Em-congrats on the grill. Steph-Still using kennedy_oswald Cara-if the itching gets too bad just duct tape oven mitts to your hands like Monica did when Pheobe had the chicken pocks. Karissa-Way to go with the bowling score. Beats my personal best of 98!

 It only took me two tries to get on here today. I'll tell you, my brain is melting. I had a big project here at work and only a few days to do it, so now that it's finished, I have no desire to work. And I figured, well, I've neglected my friends for way too long so I'd better hop in and say hey. :) Last time I wrote I was getting ready to go to my parents' to see Jake and Maggie. We went bowling that night. I got the best score of my life! Thank the gods for gutter bumpers!!!!! I got a 120. That broke my original best score of 101. You've got to know how to play those bumpers, man, that's all there is to that...;) Sorry, don't know where the stoner came from....;) Cara, did you try putting Purell on your poison ivy? I know it works to dry up mosquito bites pretty fast, or so I've been told. Maybe it would work on poison ivy as well? I don't know. It's worth a try. It can't make it any worse. Of course, it doesn't smell as good as Calamine lotion, and it doesn't look like ill-matched foundation make-up, but it's worth a try. :) Em, yea for you! You are one of the luckiest people I know! I'll give you a buck to play the lottery for me...;) Jen, I'm sorry to hear you're still sick so much. Other than peppermint tea and crackers, I've got no suggestions to help you feel better. Just take it easy and it'll all be over soon. :) Steph, that wiggaz site was hilarious! I couldn't tell if they were joking or serious, though.... No, I didn't break open the big geode. I just don't want to. I like it the way it is. Besides, if I ever have grandkids I can invite them over and we can spend an afternoon breaking open the thousands of geodes I will have collected by then. Maybe I'll even get one of those neat rock saws so we can just split them in two and polish them up into bookends. And if I don't have any grandkids, I'll invite yours over and spoil them rotten, anyway. :) Chris, where are you? Still on business trips to places? It's weird not having the occasional bizarre posting from the monkey man...

 em- that is hilarious! lucky though! that's something i would buy once i get a house, gas grills are awesome. jen- do you still have the kennedy_oswald@yahoo.com email address? i just want to make sure i have the one you use. cara- that sucks you have poison ivy!! how are you feeling? i hope it goes away soon.

 This is just one of the most hysterical things I've ever heard... When I won the gorilla and hippo at the laundromat a few weeks ago, I won an entry for a big gas grill. Well, I just got a message on my voicemail at home that I WON THE GRILL. How hilarious is that ? Marshall and I were talking THIS WEEKEND about how we need to get a grill, but that it was expensive and probably not something we needed right now. So I guess I can pick it up later this week at the laundromat. I'll have to have a cookout soon!!!!

 Ok...quick post because I have to get focused at work: Address- 4622 Kathi Drive, Apt. D Indianapolis, IN 46237 Jen- are you registered, or will you be? And where? More later guys!

 We have chosen our wedding song. We still can't agree on damn colors...but the wedding song is good...we've also decided to have music playing before the ceremony- one song will be "Isn't It Romantic" by Ella Fitzgerald. but *drum roll please* the wedding song IS: artist: frank sinatra > album: > title: Our Love is Here to Stay > Writer(s): Gershwin/Gershwin > > It's very clear > Our love is here to stay > Not for a year but ever and a day > > The radio > And the telephone > And the movies that we know > May just be passing fancies and in time may go > > But oh my dear > Our love is here to stay > Together we're going a long long way > > In time the Rockies may crumble > Gibraltar may tumble > They're only made of clay > But our love is here to stay

 Hey, chickies! And Monkey Boy! :) I'm doing much better today, though I'm still not up to par. My parents are coming down to take me out to dinner tonight and to see the lab before we go out. I can't decide if I'm excited about that or not. I want to see them, but I'm really tired and could turn grouchy at any minute. Then again, playing the part of the moody, brooding, tortured writer might just pay off. They know me, after all. :) Anyway, just wanted to let you know that I'm not dead, just dead tired. Love you guys!

 Chris, you know that you can buy us drinks anytime...I'll never turn down a free drink, or a free hug for that matter! Marshall even said he'd hug you back (he's sassy too, must be the red hair). Thanks for the congrats though- we're really happy. Cara, You are totally right about my dad. I couldn't believe how he started crying immediately. But it was cute. He'll be a mess going down the aisle, I know it. Jen, Marshall said he'd behave while registering (that is, once he realized that registering is really necessary). I'll still have to keep him out of the electronics department as much as possible. I think we will probably register at Target and Bed, Bath & Beyond (or Linens & Things). Oh, and UPDATE- we've set a date (at least a tentative one)- October 2, 2004. Early fall wedding- haven't chosen a location yet. But it will probably be about 150 guests. Karissa, hope you are feeling better hun!!! Love you!! *e-hugs*

 You crack me up, Jen. That holy shit line was hilarious. Registering with boys does suck! We would get in arguments over something stupid like the color of our dishes. Then he would refuse to participate in something and then criticize later. I thought it would be easy but it was really hard. We now think we shouldn't have registered for so much stuff and that way people would be forced to give us cash. That's what anyone really wants anyway. Hope you are feeling better, Karissa. Em, I had a feeling your dad would take it well. He's mellowing in his old age. Besides, he has nothing to worry about. I know that you both will take good care of each other.

 sorry that i have been mia. our computer got attacked by the msn worm so i am now having to go to the library to get on the internet. things have been good in the beresford house. i was supposed to go to my first appointment yesterday with the dr. (actually it is only supposed to be an interview. which i think is wierd that they have to interview me to become a patient it's not like that i can become unpregnant.) but i had to reschedule for next week b/c they were having trouble verifying my cobra insurance. John and I registered this weekend and Pier One and Linen's N Things. Pier One has mostly furniture on it so don't be shocked when you pull that up to look at it but when they close the registry than we get a 10% discount on the stuff for a couple of months but we put a lot of really cool pictures frames and candle stuff on there. LNT does the same thing they give you a 10% discount for 18 months after your registry closes. John was cracking himslef up when we were registering at LNT b/c he would ask me how much a certain item was that I picked was and he figured out that the current theme was $20. He said that everyone was going to love us b/c we were the Kings of the $20 gift. So one word of advice Em when you register don't take Marshall. Boys get bored real quick and began to give the stellar advice of "I don't care" on what they want. Although John was pretty insistent that he wanted to Emeril pots and pans. Why he loves Emeril so much I don't know but he used to watch his show on the Food Network every night. Cara I will be at Lisa's shower. It stinks that all you here is baby talk. And don't feel bad if you don't think that you are ready. Really no matter how ready you think you are when you see the 2 pink lines instead of one, your first response is holy shit. Hope everyone is well. Talk to everyone soon!

 Congratulations Emily! I love the story...and your mom's comment. You two are incredibly happy together and it shows. Again, congrats. Can I come down and give you a hug (and Marshall too cause I'm sassy like that) and buy you two a round?

 I agree we are blessed. And Jen is double-whammy blessed :) (that's not an indication of twins, I just mean wedding/baby). I told my dad tonight- he balled like a baby, but with tears of joy. He was so happy. Maybe it's because I put it to him like this: "So dad, do you have any big plans late next year or early the year after?" He got real quiet and said "Well, no, probably not"- so I said "Well, do you think you'd have time to walk me down the aisle?"- the tears came a-flowin' Ok..the proposal: After the Evanessence concert- we got home and just got ready for bed. It had been a really long day but a lot of fun. Stressful, after looking at our first house together, but good nonetheless. Before the concert, while waiting outside the Murat for his friend- we had briefly talked about how great things are and how we never want it to go away, blah blah blah (suppose this should have been my cue, right?). Anyway...so back at home....we go to bed, and we are there just chatting away- I was actually talking about the ass-backwards way that it seems we grant street girls seem to get engaged or married (i.e. dress first, baby first, house first, etc.)- so while I'm explaining to him the details- he interrupts me to say "I don't mean to interrupt, but something very fucked up is going on. Bella is laying at my head (wrapped around it more like) and Luna is playing with my feet (sort of scratching at them)" So then he said "It's cute, Luna is coming out of her shell." Then he moved his foot and yelled "No, she isn't being cute, she just pissed on the bed!" So, after chasing Luna through the house to beat her- then changing sheets, cleaning and febreezing the mattress and flipping it, we laid back down and laughed about it all. Then he said "Hey, can I ask you something?" And I said "Sure, what's up" He said, "Look, you know I don't have a lot of money- and I don't really have anything to offer you right now; but I can give you my heart, and my soul- and I'd like to know if you'll marry me". Yeah, well, then my tears started a-flowin'. And I think I said yes like 30 times. So you see- the cat didn't pee from excitement- just stupidity. Though, my mom said that Luna was marking territory, then Marshall marked it right back ;) I like that one. I Love you guys.

 I like what you said, Karissa. We are blessed.

 YEA!!!! That is so exciting! Woo-Hoo! Must agree with Steph on the cat being excited, though. It'll keep me giggling all day. :) This is so cool! I so can't wait to hear the whole story! Then again, I'm sure none of us can. :) I'm really happy for you, too, hunny! All good things, and so many in one group at once! We are truly blessed. Two new marriages, one new baby, Steph going to the beach... it's just an exciting time to be a Grant Street Girl! ;)

 CONGRATULATIONS EM!!! i'm really happy for you! sounds like the cat was excited too. j/k i can't wait to hear the whole story. i better go get some work done here. i'm taking off tomorrow and going to the beach. :)

 Ok...I don't have a lot of time to post- I have to jump in the shower and then head to Terre Haute for work today. But I have some news to share and though I hate to do it this way- I want to share now :) Marshall asked me to marry him on Sunday. A real, live proposal (minus the ring of course!- but since when has a ring accompanied the original proposal for any of us yet?) Oh, and btw, I said yes (like 30 times). I'll take some time to tell the story later today- but it starts with my cat peeing on him... :)

 The kicker - "The couple honeymooned at Dollywood..." oy. In no particular order: Julia Stiles Katrina Markoff (she owns this haut chocolate place in Chicago. good god) Belinda Carlisle (I've had a crush on her since I was 7) Tia Carrere Katie Holmes

 MANCHESTER, Conn. (Aug. 29) - A woman dubbed "Bridezilla" after police said she went on a rampage at her wedding reception pleaded guilty Thursday to a reduced charge of creating a public disturbance. Adrienne T. Samen, 18, was fined $90. Samen, of North Haven, was arrested on criminal mischief and breach of peace charges on Aug. 16 after police responded to her wedding reception at The Mill on the River restaurant in South Windsor. Samen allegedly became enraged after restaurant workers closed the bar at the party. She began throwing things, including wedding cake and gifts, police said. Samen left the restaurant, and police found her walking down the road in her wedding gown. While being taken into custody, police said she kicked the door and window of the police cruiser and tried to bite an officer. The incident received national attention, with the New York Post and other media dubbing Samen "Bridezilla." "My behavior was very disgraceful," Samen told Judge Patricia Swords during her court appearance Thursday. Swords fined Samen $90 and ordered her to pay for any damages to the restaurant. She also suggested Samen seek substance abuse and anger management counseling. "This behavior does not bode well for the well-being of your marriage," said Swords. The groom, David Samen, a 21-year-old Marine reservist, accompanied his wife to court. He came home a little over a month ago after serving in Iraq for six months, said Evelyn Vitalie, David's mother. David and Adrienne eloped before he left and wanted a bigger ceremony once he came home. "I'm happy," said Vitalie. "When he married her, I finally had a daughter." The couple honeymooned at Dollywood, country music star Dolly Parton's amusement park in Tennessee. But Adrienne Samen said they were forced to cut short the vacation after being hounded by reporters. "There really wasn't one (a honeymoon)," she said. Samen said she will tell her side of the story during an appearance next month on a television talk show hosted by Sharon Osbourne, wife of heavy metal music star Ozzy Osbourne. "I'm sorry to certain people, like my family and some of the police officers," she said. She used a derogatory word in describing other officers, and accused them of damaging her wedding ring. South Windsor police Sgt. Matthew Reed said the bride threw the ring to the ground. No complaint about the ring has been filed, he said. Liz Gioielli, the banquet manager at the Mill on the River, said the restaurant was not damaged, but workers did have a lot of glass to clean up.

 You know I can't think of 5 celebrities that I think I would want to "do". I'm sitting here trying to think and I can only come up with one definite and one maybe. Weird.

 all of you crack me up! i used to mix match socks too, but never shoes! :) i never had 2 pair that were so similar. no one peed on me. it does work though, like jen said. it wasn't that bad of a sting really. it itched immediately after it started to burn, but i was still able to walk and everything. at first no one even thought it was a jellyfish, but after the mark was still there hours (and eventually a few days) later adam said, "huh, maybe it WAS a jellyfish!". after it happened i did see one which was weird. that was the first time i had seen a jellyfish not in a tank. it was small, but i was in chest deep water and thought, "shit, i better back away from this thing". jen, that sucks about not getting much monetary help for your wedding. i know what it's like to have to save a lot of money all yourself. adam and i have been saving like crazy for a house. i can't stand metairie!!! i'm ready to move out of apartment living and we are definitely going to call movers. i am DONE moving loads of furniture and boxes. forever. :) i wish i could be at your engagement party! here's my address anyway, if you can send me an invitation i'll keep it with the wedding invite i still have of cara's. 1508 clearview pkwy, apt a metairie la 70001 i wanted to get one of those balance balls too but never did. i just do the 8 minute abs thing and the elliptical trainer. maybe soon i will get one though. sounds like fun. i only knew a few words to the iu song, but have forgotten most of them now. cara, did you have to drive with your eyelid sticking like that? i've waxed my eyebrows before but never had that pleasure. never tried a dog biscuit. yuk! i also never ate paste or my own boogers. talk to you girls latuh! ;)

 What's the website? I may have to go and validate my obsessive Friends knowledge. I never want to wax my eyebrows. If they get too bad, I'll just shave them...;) I was doing the lower body workout tape on my balance ball last night and I fell off. Twice. Once each way so now my elbows have matching rug burns. It wouldn't be so bad but I keep forgetting and either leaning on things or bumping against stuff like I always do and getting an extra reminder that sometimes my balance really sucks, especially when I'm trying to balance on an inflatible sphere. You know, that thing gets tipping and there's just nothing you can do to stop it. You learn to take a fall really fast. It wouldn't be so bad but I got the biggest balance ball and it's just too tall for me to really sit on. I have to get the smaller one so I don't kill myself when I take a head dive into the couch. But one really good thing about this balance ball thing is that I have to vacuum my living room before I can do the tape so I don't get completely covered in cat hair, so my floor is much cleaner than usual. Thinking of cleaning, what is everybody doing over the long weekend? I'm going up with my folks to see the kids in Chicago. We were going to stay in a hotel so we'd have pool access for the kids but Dad really likes their morning time with Jake and Maggie. It helps Steph and Joel get a little more sleep and the kids get the grandparents all to themselves. Happiness all around! And I get to sleep on an air mattress, and that's always fun. :) Ok, I've been working on this list for a while and I think I've got it figured out. I'm not ready to laminate, either, but it's a work in progress. So, for right now, here goes. 1.) Heath Ledger 2.) Cuba Gooding, Jr. 3.) Owen Wilson 4.) Jason Lee 5.) Ewan MacGregor I just know that someone is going to list someone else and I'm going to say, yeah, I want them on my list, too! :)

 Cara- I've done that when I waxed my own eyebrows...I hate it...it's so weird... I don't know the words to the IU fight song either...but I know it ends with "I U". I don't know my list- I have to think about it- I'm no where near laminating....however- Dave Navarro, as always, holds a top spot. Karissa, not that I didn't believe you about knowing it was 5, but I had to verify for my own sanity. So I found this website that listed all of the friends episodes- it was so funny- I saw things I had totally forgotten about but that were very funny.. Well, have to run into a meeting...talk to you guys later...

 I went to elementary school at Glenns Valley! Our school song was the IU fight song and those are the only words I know. I am ashamed to say that I have no idea what the real words to the IU fight song are. It seems no one really does either (except Uncle John) if you look at our Vegas dinner. I just got my eyebrows waxed and the guy didn't get all the wax off. My eyelid sticks everytime I blink. It's freakin' weird. Karissa...I wear mix matched socks all the time. I figure if they are the same color no one notices. Bob catches me everytime! I don't know how he can notice all the small details but not realize the cat is out of food. Ok....I think we should all post our celebrity "do" list. I'll have to think about mine. Bob's would be waaaay past 5. I told him to make a list of celebrities he would NOT do. That list would be much shorter.

 Jen, I have Cara's for you- I wasn't sure when you'd be back online.... Jen, if you guys decide to have a wedding here- I'm finding all kinds of information- there is a place - Glen Valley, I think that is only $50/hour to rent- so you could do a small ceremony for almost nothing and then a pitch in reception or something.....it would be a way you could have the party and not have to run off and elope *unless that's what you really want to do* But then again- didn't you BAN me from eloping???

 Nothing much new going here in Whitey-land. Just wanted to let everyone know that John and I are doing well. FYI-Pee does work and not just for Friends. We rented the Real Cancun the other night (don't ask me why, maybe we were bored I think John wanted to see boobies but he won't admit to it) and one of the drunk girls got stung on her leg when she was bungie jumping. A medic came and asked her to pee on herself. She couldn't much like Monica so one of the drunk boys peed in a cup and poured it on her leg. Love the color choice Em. We may postpone the wedding not because of any problems other than we have some money saved but his family isn't going to help much so we don't have enough money saved. Who knew getting married would be so stressfull. I keep telling John that we should go to Vegas and elope. But he isn't sold on that idea. Oh well. But I would love that photographer's number you can't beat that price for pictures esp. if they are done by someone who is good. Also. I have Karissa's and Em's address. If I could get everyone else's I would love it. Kerri is asking me everyday for the list of people that I want to invite to our couple's shower. Even if we postpone we are still going to have the shower. It can be more like an engagement party or something like that. It's going to be the weekend of Oct. 6th not sure what day yet. I have to talk to Kerri about that. Hope everything else is going well for everyone.

 Em, I just watched that episode of Friends a couple of weeks and it was 5. I remember that Ross had Dorothy Hammill on his list, which just always struck me as weird. Isabella Rosalini may be international, but she's way cooler than Dorothy. I mean, if nothing else, the name thing would get in the way. It's not Sheldon, but it might as well be. Plus there are too many Wizard of Oz jokes to go along with that one. Steph, I was totally going to ask if you got Adam to pe on your leg for you. I mean, we finally have an opportunity to find out if that is just a Friends subplot or if it really works. I'm sorry you got stung, though. Yesterday I wore mis-matched shoes. I was getting ready for work and decided to go get doughnuts so I was kind of in a hurry and I was about half way to the doughnut shop when I realized that my right shoe felt really smooth. So, I looked at my feet. And I looked at them again. And I looked at them again. Then it struck me what was wrong. I was wearing one old flip flop and one new one. Not only did it feel weird, but the old ones don't make noise anymore because they have totally formed to my feet so when I walked it went flip *sh* flip *sh*. I couldn't walk anywhere without giggling. :) Needless to say, I was very careful to get both new shoes today. I'd wear my tennis shoes but Ada scratched the hell out of my toe the other morning (gods forbid I move my foot under my blanket) and it kind of hurts to walk on it if it's all confined in my shoe. OK, so it's probably fine now, but I just really like wearing flip flops...;)

 I licked a dog biscuit once. I was too chicken to actually take a bite. Cara- thanks for the advice. And you are right - everything doesn't have to be planned this minute. But I've made the mistake of choosing a wedding date that falls the same weekend as the Circle City Classic- so I do have to get the venues booked. Other than that, we already have the photographer and cake taken care of. His former co-worker now does wedding photography (after she retired)- I work with someone who used her- and they LOVED her pictures. She takes like 400 shots starting from when the bride gets ready- through the reception. She gets a set of the prints developed and put in an album- and then gives you all the negatives to make prints. All for $500. And his aunt Lisa is a professional cake decorator- so we lucked out there too- she'll just charge us for ingredients. Cara, I'll call you tonight (Thursday) On another note- we're changing the wedding colors...i think we are going with mocha and cream (or champagne) now....sounds kind of dark- but it's really pretty, especially for a fall wedding. Steph- so....um.....did anybody pee on you? ;) Question: In the Friends episode where Rachel and Ross have a celebrity "list" of people that are "ok" for them to "cheat" with- how many were allowed on the list? 3 or 5? Marsh and I are being smart about our celebrity list. I chose Dave Navarro, so he chose Carmen Electra- because at least chances are decent that if we see one, we'll see the other and then we're both "occupied" ;)

 Steph...that sucks about the jellyfish. I haven't been stung by one of those before. Maybe next time. It seems like there is always something wrong with me somehow. Bob calls me a hypocondriac but whatever I think I have....I usually do get it. The next thing I expect to be bitten by are red ants. Don't ask me how I know that I will be attacked by red ants but I do have my reasons. Em....Just take one step at a time with the whole wedding thing. You still have over a year. Those wedding planning books have timelines in them. If you follow that....you should be fine. Remember to get things in writing, read the fine print and save everything. Plus, not everyone you invite is going to show up. Karissa and Chris....You both crack me up. We once dared my middle school friend to eat a dog biscuit. We said that if she really loved her boyfriend as much as she said she did, she would eat one. She did! She talked about him incessantly and now that I think about it, it was a gross relationship. He was in his twenties and she was 14-15!!! Didn't freak me out at the time..... By the way, we got an Isuzu Rodeo.

 hey guys, sounds like a lot of stuff going on. karissa, i'm glad you're feeling better. not feeling good sucks! i went to the beach last wednesday and i got "slightly" stung by (i think) a jellyfish. it felt like a bunch of needles went into my thigh for a second and then my whole upper leg started burning. other than that little inconvenience it was fun. hardly anyone out there and perfect weather. other than that, everything is the same. i better get some work done. i get paid time and a half for working at home. :) talk to ya'll soon!

 Can someone explain to me how any man has 150 ppl he wants to invite to your wedding? And is it absolutely necessary to invite your ENTIRE FLOOR at work when you work for SBC? Cara- really- I don't know how you managed to plan the wedding/dinner in Vegas AND the reception in Crown Point...I'd have killed him or myself by then.

 Chris, why wouldn't you want to drive a cute ute? Oh sure, it's not a real manly nickname, but the chicks will dig it...;) And my cousin eats dog biscuits all the time. Maybe that's what's wrong with him. Do you think that something like that would stop him from being able to drive faster than 40 miles an hour? Then again, it's kind of hard for him to see with the wind blowing on his face when he sticks his head out the window... I thought I posted my address, but since I can't remember and I'm too lazy to look, here it is again. Karissa Tatman 1601 E. Matlock Rd. #5 Bloomington, IN 47408 I'll go see the Magdalene Sisters if you go see Whale Rider. That was such a good show!

 Hey now, we get 24 miles to the gallon. Boo ya. They call it a cute ute. I dont like name that so much. Congrats on the new automobile! Go see the Magdalene Sisters. Tough to watch, but worth it. Did I once call you guys pretending to be a reporter who wanted your insite into the East West Rap War? I dunno why that popped into my head. I just remember saying the general public was worried LL Cool J was next. I once ate a blue dog biscuit....because it was blue. It tasted like shit. So I tried the green one. It wasnt any better. Just because a dog biscuit looks tasty doesnt mean it is. Unless it's one of those bacon flavored things. There is a life lesson in there somewhere. Em, when can i come to indy?

 Ah- so what gas guzzler did we buy? I can't really talk- mine isn't an SUV but it's big. Good for him and the stopping smoking- he must want kids now ;)

 Hey guys, Looks like we are now part of the gas guzzling yuppie crowd (no offense, Chris). Yep, we bought a SUV. Bob's car was falling apart and we got a good deal on it. It's nice even though it's not good on gas. He's happy and he's stopped smoking the morning we bought it. Or so he says.

 Hey all- I don't know if anyone is even checking this- because not many are posting here lately- but I know that Jen is still needing everyone's address for the shower- and since she might not be able to print them out again- I thought I'd do it for her. Plus, I'll need all of your addresses as well- so if you could either post them here, or email it to me- it would be greatly appreciated!! Emily

 that reminds me of the time when maddy and kennedy would sit on the window sills and the screen was permantly indented from them. :) ... brb (grounded for life is on)

 So I was sitting in my house last night, watching Friends and waiting for my pizza to get there when I saw the weirdest thing out my window. Gus and Katy were sitting in the windowsill, looking at something and hissing like there was no tomorrow. Then I heard the first *thunk*. My neighbor's dog was jumping at the window trying to get to the cats. Hazel wanted to eat them for dinner and she was going crazy! She's an average sized dog, a little on the short and round side, but she can jump! I went out to talk to Katheryn and we stood there laughing at Hazel and petting both dogs. Hazel ran around the side of the house and we heard a big crash, but didn't think anything about it because she has charged the window at every opportunity and keeps hitting her nose on it. It's really kind of funny. You'd think her nose would hurt. My pizza got there and I went in to eat it, but when I set it on the table, I glanced up to see if Katheryn was walking passed and I noticed that the window was broken. A huge chunk had fallen out and there was a big spike sticking into the room. Apparently that big bump had been the last straw for the old glass. I pulled the spikey piece out and put it between the screen and then window with the big chunk that had fallen out. Luckily I had a flat box from the last time I went to Aldis, so I was able to block the window to keep the cats from pushing through the screen or possibly cutting themselves on the glass. It's not really secure, but I'm hoping it'll at least hold until the people get there to fix the window today. Oddly, the cats didn't bother the cardboard in the window, so I didn't worry about leaving them there and coming to work before the repair people could get there. It'll be interesting to see how the people fix the window. They tend to go for the quick cheap fix and do a shoddy job at it, so we'll see what the next fiasco is. :)

 Karissa/Steph- thanks for the input. It might have been not what I thought I heard- but it still caught me off guard. On another note- Marshall started moving in last night. It's going to be a really weird transition for me, I think. But I'm trying not to be territorial about my apartment. I'm just glad that we are moving to a "neutral" place in December- that way it's OUR space and not MY space. I'm still going to have to figure out a nice way to say that I don't want to display his gaming posters....or maybe i can compromise as long as we can make them look cool- with frames and such... I bought a fake ring at WalMart because i was sick of being engaged without a ring...I will totally tell people it's fake when they ask- and then I'll explain...but in any event, it will help me get used to wearing a ring all the time...of course, this "stone" is just slightly larger than mine...but ah well- it doesn't matter... :) Guess I better get back to work- just wanted to give an update...

 em- i agree w/karissa. calling the police is probably the best thing (i would personally do it anonymously) in situations like that. getting involved in any other way is probably not a good idea unless you see something and then you can shout at him that you are calling the cops or something.

 Em, there's not really much you can do. If you hear them fighting again you can put in a call to the police, but unless she decides she wants out, there's not much you can do. Do you ever talk to them? It would be really weird if you just showed up to see if she's ok after not really talking to them before. And you didn't really see anything, so you don't really know what's going on, even though I think you're probably right. But really, there's nothing you can do unless you see something or you get close enough to her that she feels safe telling you what's going on, and if she's already being abused, that's not likely to happen. She'd be too afraid of him finding out and getting angry with her. And it sucks, being powerless to help someone, but you don't want to do anything to make it worse, either.

 Ok, what do you do when you suspect that your neighbor is being physically abused? Jen saw some weird stuff this weekend and then when I got home from work today- my neighbors car's windshield was smashed and then I heard yelling- a lot of slamming- a couple of screams, and then he left. Now, as I'm typing- I heard her, downstairs- sounding like she's coughing - almost like someone who's just able to breath again...it's freaking me out. Obviously- I can't really go down there- but, do I call someone? and who? god, people piss me off.

 Rob Zombie? Good Lord! Going to Indy for training. Will hopefully see some of you on Saturday. (i'm still not ready for it!) Chris....I mailed your cds back to you today. You should get them in the mail soon. If not, let me know. I also put in some new stuff for you. Hope you like it. Um...I think that's about it for me. I'm going to go pack up the car.

 I don't know if I can narrow it down to 5. There are so many different people I like. Though- Dave Navarro is, of course, at the top of my list. Lenny Kravitz. Trent Reznor. Ewan MacGregor. Jason Lee. Michael Madsen. Wesley Snipes. Mikai Pfipher. Eminem (yes, really). Ice Cube. Jerome Bettis (football player for Pgh Steelers). Anthony Kiedis. Rob Zombie. I think I could go on for awhile...but I'll have to narrow it down.

 The theory is I'll have a wondow when I get home tonight. There was a note scrawled on a torn piece of paperbag when I ran home for some stuff yesterday afternoon. It said they had to order glass for the window and it would be in today. If I don't have a window, I'm going to call the emergency cell phone a couple of times a day this weekend. I've got to get my point across, especially with rain on the way. Cardboard just doesn't stand up to a thunderstorm, you know? I wasn't surprised the window wasn't fixed the first day, though. These people just aren't that good about taking care of things. It's not something they do well, you know? I'm in an oddly good mood today. I just woke up refreshed. Every muscle in my body hurts from working out so hard this week, but I still feel good. Maybe I'll go do laundry tonight so I don't have to worry about it tonight. I know that's random, but I like doing laundry; it makes me happy to have clean clothes. What can I say? I'm easily pleased, sometimes. :)

 Dear Ndugu - Wow...amazing what can happen when you go to sleep at night and the numerous events that can take place. First, I had a weird dream. Let's just say that electronics were taking over in my household...I think I've been listening to too many of Marshall's stories. Second, I'm sad that Johnny Cash and John Ritter have died. I mean...come on...Jack Tripper...so he may not have been one of the most respected actors around, but I was a HUGE fan of Three's Company as a kid- it's sad. On Johnny Cash, I'm sad for him- big loss for the music community- but in a sense, I'm happy for him too because he can reunite souls with his beloved wife who died within the past year. Finally...the greatest words I've ever heard Marshall utter: "Get snappy with the penis whippin' out." taken out of context, it is a whole other level of funny....

 hey guys, i'm really happy we all stay in touch. ditto what em and karissa said. cara, i know what you're saying about feeling for the victims' families, i feel the same. but then i start thinking about how stuff like that (bombings usually) happen all the time in other countries and we are pretty lucky that more shit hasn't happened here to us. i wish this stuff didn't happen at all anywhere. we just have to move on and learn from everything that happens. we did eventually go to that bingo thing last thursday. the music was really good (great musicians). i think you guys would like them. it's a combination of all types of music. and then they also show short films they make themselves and of course you get to play some bingo. other than that, i've just been busy with work. i actually just got done doing some work from home. karissa, i would have been so pissed to go home and find the window wasn't fixed the first day! especially with having pets. i hope it gets worked out asap. em, i know what you're saying about crying for no reason. i do that too sometimes. i have no idea why, but i think sometimes it is a way for your body to release stress. so that's how i explain it to myself. what's up with jen? hope she's not working too hard!

 I still find this day depressing. It's been two years and I still cry when I watch the events on tv. I didn't even lose anyone and I feel like I've been in mourning every time that stuff is mentioned. I can't imagine what the victims' families feel. Nothing new here. Karissa...I agree with Em. Missing a window could spell big trouble. Yell or get someone else to do it for you. Steph...What's new with you?

 fucking hell. you know, you try to take advantage of a business trip to include a romantic weekend in NYC because your boss tells you to, so you make your reservations which are non-refundable (trying to save the company money) Then your boss calls and says he wants you to go to a conference for 2 days before NYC in Vegas- and he wants you to fly straight from Vegas to NYC. Hmmm....a day in my life... It's not like I mind Vegas, mind you- but Marshall and I were excited about this NYC trip- and it's not like we have the extra fund to really fly him to NYC to meet me. grrrr..

 Karissa- sorry about the window man! That SUCKS. Document EVERYTHING! And if they don't fix it soon- call the student law association on campus- there has to be action you can take- they are opening themselves up for a lawsuit. You could cut yourself, or someone could break in, or if it rains, the apt. floods...what the fuck are they thinking? On another note...I'm WAY tired....3.5 hours of sleep last night because I helped Marshall move. We are going to be SO crowded in there. I don't know how couples EVER live in a one bedroom place. Cara, at least you and Bob at a loft at the first place- so there was a lot of space. No sleep makes the work day move VERY slowly!!!

 The saga of the broken window continues. Not only has it not been replaced, it's been taken away. I didn't mention it yesterday because I was hoping, like an idiot, that its absence meant that it would be back and fixed by the time I got home. No such luck! So I had to find a bigger piece of cardboard to wedge in the window to keep the cats out and away from the pieces of broken glass they thoughfully left behind when they took the rest of the window, frame and all. You know, it's a good thing I don't throw anything away or I wouldn't be able to let the kittens in the living room. Bastards! So I called them this morning and if it's not fixed when I get home tonight, I'm going to let Garry yell at them tomorrow. He thinks better when he's riled than I do, and he has a much scarier voice, so they might take him more seriously. As always, I had forgotten it was September 11. Ditto what Em said to everybody and right back at you, babe. Other than the window, no news down here. It's amazingly quiet, but then, that's how it usually is. Oh, well, I did fall off my ball last night, but I didn't get hurt. This time I fell off head first...;) No, really, I was in a plank position with my legs on the ball and they slipped off so I landed on my knees, but it was funnier the other way....

 Cara, don't jinx me. And I find it HIGHLY unlikely that I would be pregnant since I'm on the pill AND we use condoms...I know stranger things have happened...but shoot. On a totally seperate note- since it's September 11- I just want to tell all of you that I love you. I don't know what I'd do without friends like you- you've always been there for me- and we've always been there for each other. Marshall moved a lot of stuff in last night. My place is going to be SO crowded. I also made the point to him last night - as he complained about the lack of space- that when I chose that apartment, i chose it to fit ME and my stuff- not my "potential move-in fiance". On a totally other note, I have to find a home for Luna- not sure what I'm going to do. Ok...better get working.... Talk to you guys later. . .

 Em....from your previous post, I would guess you pregnant. Screwed up cycle and crying? Can you give me the address to the BP? Bob would kill me if he saw me on there. He doesn't understand. I get to drive the car this week since Bob slipped up and smoked 4 cigarettes at home. I can't tell if there is ashes or kitty litter on the floor of his car. I'm HOPING it's kitty litter. At least he didn't lie to me when I asked him about it.

 MONKEY MAN! Where are you!!???

 Cara- not sure about FD, haven't heard back from her yet- I think she's still with Chuck- but who knows...But I did see that RP just went through a jail stint...coke I guess....explains a lot....but he was on chatting last night... Steph/et all- actually- I'm not in a bad mood, yet, today. However, from the stress of yesterday (I think) I woke up this morning- and the first thing I did was start to cry...for no reason whatsoever. Just started crying...for 10 minutes..maybe I'm having sympathy hormone swings for Jen..... Karissa- I really do think that there is something to your idea that us seeing each other on Saturday screwed with all of our cycles...I'm all messed up... But in general- things are good, and I'm happy. (though you'd not know it from these posts)- really, I'm fine.

 Em----That would be awesome to finally meet up. Is she still with Chuck? Nothing really new today. Cat is being a shit and I can't figure out what to make for dinner. Same Shit Different Day. Karissa----Maybe you won't need your new balancing ball after all! There was something I was going to tell you but I don't remember what the hell it was.

 em, i hope you're feeling better! i hate being in a bad mood (who doesn't, huh?). i've been so busy the past couple of days. orders have picked up and i learned how to yet another thing. so maybe i'll get a raise. :) i gotta get out of here, time to head home. talk to you latuh.

 Ok- and who pissed in my wheaties? I'm in such a yucky mood today.

 Karissa...and *wink* that's the birthday that takes place in like November right? *wink* I'm having a really rough start to my morning... hey Cara- chatted with FD today- she's living in Ohio now. Don't have the details- but it would be fun to meet up with her sometime...I'll let you know what I find out...

 Hey, guys! Guess who I saw last night? George! Remember my friend Chris who I call George? He came over to the GS house once. He was at the Irish Lion with his wife ans some other people I don't know. He's playing organ at the Lutheran Church on 7th Street, he and his wife just bought a house on the west side of town and he's back here getting his masters in math. Hey, if it hadn't been for him, I never would have passed calculus. So I gave them my number and email address, but since I know he's a student, I can always look him up. I wonder if his email is the same...:) Other than that, Abby and I had a good dinner with my Dad. Since Mom's in Chicago taking care of the kids, he's got the house to himself. I don't think he wanted to eat alone, and since he had a golf tournament in Ellotsville yesterday it was really easy for him to come over and take us out. I'm glad Abby got to go, too. It was a nice dinner and a nice surprise to see Chris/George. :) And, just so you know, I also managed to NOT fall off my balance ball last night. I think it helps I was doing the upper body work out and didn't have to balance nearly as much, but still, no more floor burns on my elbows and that's a good thing. Wednesday I'm going to try the ab workout so we'll see if I can keep that record going. :) I may not be able to walk upright after it, but by gods, I'll look good...;) Mom is going to get me a new balance ball for my birthday, one that's the right size, so then hopefully the injuries will subside. In the mean time, well, at least it's something to laugh about. :) I'll keep you posted on future injuries...;)

 Hey guys, Finally back from Indy and recovering from the shower and sales training. I think things went well but I've had enough family for a while. Lisa drives me insane and I'm afraid that I'm going to kill her before the wedding or on her wedding day. I mean, I love her but she's so damn flighty and unorganized that it drives me insane. I just hope she grows up before she has children. She's going to be the mother who forgets to pick up her kids from daycare. She'll want us to call her everyday and remind her to pick up the kids at 5 o'clock. The bad thing is my mom would probably do it too. My allergies are killing me today. Don't want to do anything but whine.

 em- that's really sweet. who cares if it's sappy! :) every girl wants to feel like that. i'm glad you found your soulmate too. it makes everything better. :)

 Karissa what beautiful imagery! That was a really great post. Ok- Sappy alert: So I'm sleeping last night while Marshall was role-playing with Brian. . .Around 12:30 or so, I thought I heard him come in, but I was sleeping so I didn't really stir too much. I heard him get in the shower- and then I think I woke up a little as he got out of the shower. But when I thought I heard him talking, that's when I got up, because it startled me. Turns out he's had car trouble and had to call off work to deal with it today. But since I was up, I said hello and proceeded to go to the bathroom. As I'm going into the bathroom, Marshall says "Don't come out until I tell you, ok?". So I laughed and said "Fine"- wondering how long I'd be holed up in the tiny space that is my bathroom. After a minute or so, he said "Ok, you can come out.". There he was, on one knee, with my engagement ring- and he asked me to marry him all over again. How could I turn down the freshly showered, boxer-clad love of my life? I wouldn't even if I could.. . .I couldn't sleep all night. I was so happy, and so excited and just so thrilled with everything. I hate to be so sappy and so cutesy sometimes, but with him, I can't help it...."they" always say that there is love worth waiting for....I'm so glad it didn't pass me by- my big-hearted, romantic, LAN party attending, geek.

 Driving home this morning, the prairie became like mountains. The fog was so thick in places that even the early morning sunlight took on a surreal tone, making the road a foreign place where anything could happen. On a morning like this, you could pass through the Veil and back again and be none the wiser for it. It wasn't plain fog, either. The mist held all of the colors of dawn; pinks and golds painted the air around the car. Blues suggested the direction of the sky and blinking lights appeared briefly to tell me where the construction machinery was already hard at work. Is it any wonder, in this mysterious world, that I saw two deer grazing by the side of the road? After the fog outside burned off and the fog in my brain began to settle and the hills grew around me and valleys were made into bowls of clouds where the sun hadn't yet reached, I saw two deer, calmly eating, unaware of the cars careening passed their serene breafast patch. It was a blessing on the day and a reminder to enjoy the simple things in life when they happen.

 EMILY IS IN A GOOD MOOD TODAY! Marshall is picking up our rings tonight!! I don't get to wear it just yet- because we are going to go out for a nice dinner and exchange rings- but I'm ALMOST there!! But I will say this whole obsession with gaming thing he has (ok, so it's a hobby, I'm exaggerating)- it's hard to get used to.

 Chris....That's the myan ruins! I was standing on that cliff! I can still see the spot in my head. I hope you have a good time. I'm excited for you. You both deserve a vacation. Wish I could take a vacation. :( Nothing new here as usual. Parents are coming up this weekend so I have to get the house cleaned. (YAWN). The porch turned out better than expected. I still have some touch up to do but it's not nearly the catastrophe I thought it would be. I'm getting braver in our pseudo-renovations. I'm almost tempted to let Bob rip up the carpet. ALMOST.

 Chris- good website, thanks. The only thing that worries me is the mosquito nets above the bed....Hmmm...I'll be interested to hear how it is for you. Reminds me of the expedia commercial. I think we'll be paying for the honey moon with wedding gift money.... We also are considering going to Vegas for the honeymoon- he's never been there. Heh...I like Chris's spanish "I like Selma very big" Marshall was also very disappointed that there wasn't more of her in the movie....heh.

 Stone is on the right...only when I look at him in a mirror. In reality, he is on the left. I know this to be true. Stone is on the left (except when mirrors are involved). Ed is in the middle, this we can agree on. mmmm. selma. i like selma muy grande. i think she was in my top 5. there are 5 very good minutes in desperado that I like to put in slo-mo every now and again. if once upon... is that good, i go. we saw Cabin Fever (shuddup). It was horrible and I dunno why it's getting good reviews. em, go to www.mexicoholiday.com we're staying at zamas in tulum which is right near the mayan ruins that overlook the ocean (did you go to those cara?). they dont have electricity after 9pm and the whole place is lit by candles. hubba hubba. there is also capt. lafitte's, which we've heard is amazing. it's the $130 per night room with lunch and dinner. we're going during the first week of December and i am going to like it. time to dance.

 Chris, FINALLY! YES! STONE IS ON THE RIGHT! I've been snorkeling at Playa Del Carmen, I think. Either that or I saw some Myan ruins there or something. I'm hoping it was the Myan ruins because that is where I knew there was a higher power. It was THAT beautiful. Never felt like that since. Em, loved the ugly dress website. Those dresses were hideous and I would have to kill you if you make us wear ANYTHING that resembles those. I'll look at your other site in a second. I saw Once Upon a Time in Mexico too. I liked it but it was a bit jumpy. I never could keep track of where Antonio was. I thought he was under the church pews...then he would appear somewhere else. Bob was disappointed that there wasn't more Selma. I was getting annoyed at him saying "mmmm, Selma" everytime she came on the screen. Instead of Homer Simpson saying "mmmm, donuts," it was "mmmm, Selma." He probably had the drool too.

 Damn man- PUT YOUR PANTS ON! Congrats on the job Gringo! Cool to be recruited- hope they are paying you the Dead Presidents you deserve! Definitely send me the info for Playa del Carmen! Sounds GREAT! except for the mosquitos maybe...you'll have to let me know how that goes...when do you go? How's Liz? She still at the same job, VP yet? So I guess you won't be considering moving anywhere just yet huh? How'd they take you giving notice at the children's hospital? When do you start the new one? Congrats again! By the way- if you didn't get it (I put it in the email to children's hospital addy) our wedding webpage: www.theknot.com/members/EmilyMersich&MarshallMyers

 [door creaks open, CMC sitting with a glass of Courvoisier, no pants] "Laaadies..." I am alive. Barely. I am starting a new job. Excitedly. I am going on vacation. Shortly. I am alive - not so much. I'm eating way too much cheese and have an irritable bowel. I am starting a new job - I presented in Dallas and was then recruited by Mt. Sinai here in Chicago. They offered me a position with their Urban Health Institute to lead a couple of studies on barriers to health in distressed neighborhoods. I'm nervous, frightened, and excited all at once. Vacation - We going to Playa del Carmen in Mexico to stay in a thatch room bungalow on the beach, no tv or phones or email. Em, I highly recommend this for your honeymoon....only $130 per night including breakfast and dinner. I'll send you the info if you be interested : ) How is everyone? I think with all the window drama and children chasing, we should get drunk. I am a man. This is how I cope AND celebrate. Stone's on the right.

 Cara- that's not fair- you know I'm not a patient gal. . . .but I do love surprises- hmmm, wonder what it is ;) Good luck on the diamond- hope it went well. Yeah, and Notre Dame got smacked. Karissa- so glad the window is fixed- it's about freaking time. So, my weekend wasn't bad, or really good...We spent ALL weekend moving Marshall to my apartment (OUR apartment...I'm still getting used to it). We were moving until 3am on Friday night. Then got up at 8:30 on Saturday to go get the truck and moved stuff until 11:30 am. Then I had to go to work for a few hours. I was home around 3pm and we moved until about 9pm. Then we decided to take a break. We met with Jen to go see Once Upon A Time in Mexico. It was VERY good, but I was SO tired that I did dose off. But that is not a comment on the film in any way. Another good movie is "Identity"- that one is at Blockbuster- very worth it. Sunday, we spent most of the day cleaning and stuff. Then our first REAL grocery shopping experience together....but we did pretty good. No fights yet- just some moving crankiness. Well, I suppose I better get to work... Talk to you all later!

 Nothing new here. After I write this, I'm going to try and paint a diamond pattern on my porch floor. Wish me luck because I need it. You know when youre getting old when you buy a Christmas present for someone in September. But when I saw it, it had Emily's name written alllll over it. Even if she gets one beforehand, I'll keep it. My weekend was pretty uneventful. Spent saturday chasing children around with Kristy while the boys watched football. Notre Dame got their butt kicked.

 Wow. Everyone must have had as great a weekend as I did. I can tell by all of the really excited posts...:) Yeah, the weekend was crap and I've never been so glad to see a Monday. Well, so I'm going home to take a nap, but that's what Monday afternoons are for, right? I can always fall off my balance ball later tonight. Yes, my window was finally replaced and the broken glass taken away. I still couldn't get Ann to tell me I don't have to pay for the window, but I'll fight that battle when it comes up. I really need to read up on renter's law. Or I'll just buy a f*cking house and mow my own grass. What can I say? It's been a day.... Ok, everybody have a good one and more later! KJT:)

 hey guys. it's been a busy week for me, work and stuff like that. jen and karissa are correcto- it's been 2 years 7 months. it was 1 week 2 days before mardi gras. time does fly! we just went to the aquarium today with his brother and niece and nephew. it was fun, just expensive! i don't think there were any new exibits since me, cara, jen, and john went a long time ago. cara, animals do crazy things for no reason. our dog, bear, would eat anything but gummy bears! karissa- i hope you're having a great birthday too! did you do anything? em- how's cohabitation life? have you started saying "our" stuff instead of "my" stuff? :) that took me awhile. i think lisa will be surprised that they'll still have a good time. it's not the alcohol, it's the company. :) i'm sure she knows that though. jen, i'm glad you're back on the blogger too!

 Thanks for the advice about Oscar. He seems to be doing fine. We're counting down the days until he's declawed and his balls are cut off. We're so mean. But this better calm his ass down or I don't see us taking care of him for much longer. It's sad but I can't keep him if he's going to constantly hurt us. He cut Bob pretty deep the other day. You know a man is in a lot of pain when he starts cursing otherwise, they never admit to it. Glad to see you back on the blogger, Jen! Karissa, I'm not going to tell Bob that you hate Wal-mart as long as you don't tell him that I hate it too! Hope you are having a good birthday!! Lisa's not REALLY upset, I guess she's more bummed that she can't drink. Yes, Em, I'm pretty sure there's a stripper but not at a strip club. Think it's at Amber's house. It's so weird that even though we are four years apart, we're both going through the same things. Friends are getting married and having babies! We have another shower for next year! We should go into business or something.

 Cara be careful with Oscar eating his litter. Oswald didn't eat his litter but the blockage Em refered to is usually in thier urethra. Not only is it painful for the cat but a very expensive hospital visit. All total John and I spent around $1200 to get that cat fixed. This is why John and I always called him the cat with the golden pee hole. And we always argued who would get him in the divorce. Looks like I won! We had to spend like $400 at our normal vet because they tried to unblock him and than we had to send him to a special cat vet do he could have what we call his "kitty sex change" and that was like $800. Male cats tend to get blocked easier than females because thier urethra's are narrower. I can't believe Lisa is upset. I can understand being dissappointed that they aren't pregnant at the same time but to be angry that Amber can't get drunk at the bachlorette party and reception is silly. I'm sure Amber will have just a good of time with Lisa and make sure that Lisa is having a great time w/o having to be drunk. Steph and Adam started dating in Feb. or March of 2001. I remember it was around Mardi Gras time b/c John and I went down there to visit.

 She moved in '00, but it was a couple of months before she actually hooked up with Adam. I'd have to guess about 2 and a half years. That's a good long time, though. :) Somehow the thought of anything eating litter is just a bad thing. I agree with Em that it could be dangerous, especially if you have the clumping kind. Then again, cats do weird things, so who knows? My new neighbor's brother asked me out this morning. I was getting stuff in the car to come to work and he told me about Lotus Fest and kind of suggested that if I was interested maybe we could go. So, I told him that I'm going to my parent's house tonight and then Brian is coming down with me tomorrow to stay the weekend. I think he blushed a little bit, but it's really hard to tell with black people. But I told him that I'd still like to hang out sometime, so I'm hoping I didn't hurt his feelings. Still, it kind of made my morning. Too bad I'm not into that poly lifestyle, huh? ;) Tomorrow I'm going to get my birthday hair cut. I'm really looking forward to it. And I'm going to go to the store tonight, I think, so we don't have to go when there are people there tomorrow. I hate Wal-Mart, but they have the best cereal prices around so I have to go there and stock up. I'm totally out. I hate it when that happens. Everybody have a great day! Love you and more later! KJT:)

 Cara- one thing about the cat- maybe talk to the vet- because I used to work with a woman (Diane) whose cat did the same thing (ate litter) and he ended up having a blocked something or other- and had to have major surgery...not good. Well- that's great for Amber! Lisa is funny sometimes- but I guess I can sort of understand her disappointment that Amber can't get drunk at her party- but that doesn't mean she can't have a good time! I think it's almost been 3 years for Steph & Adam- right? I mean- I moved back in Feb of '00. Steph moved in the summer- and it wasn't long before they met...so 3 years in like October or November right?

 I had problems getting in yesterday. Maybe everyone else did too. I'm glad the engagement party is on a Saturday. With work, I wouldn't be able to get there until late. This works out better for me. Let me know if you need any help. Steph, I was thinking about you yesterday. How long have you and Adam been dating? It's been at least 2 years? Is that right?! Wow. My how time flies. Lisa's friend, Amber is pregnant. She and her husband is very excited but Lisa's pissed. They had plans on getting pregnant together like Riding in Cars with Boys. She wanted their kids to be the same age, be soul mates and get married. I told her that she could always have another one. She's also upset because Amber can't get drunk at her bachelorette party or reception. Stupid. Nothing else new except Oscar is now eating the litter out of his box. It's a new kind of litter and for some reason he won't stop eating it! Can't wait to see how that one turns out. :) He's getting fixed and declawed in a couple of weeks. Yea!

 where is everyone?

 BTW, I'm an idiot.... The engagement party is on 11/22- the SATURDAY...not the Friday.... duh... :)

 haven't seen any invitations- but then again- my mail is very slow- Marshall is waiting on something from his dad- and I'm waiting for something from my dad- hasn't shown up yet (a damn deposit for ceremony site!!) Just a word- I joined Weight Watchers today with a new friend from theknot.com. Dammit- I'm going to lose weight before the wedding!

 Even if you guys don't get an invitation, trust me, youre invited. She should have mailed it a while ago. You all can bring dates too. The bachlorette invitations should have already arrived. Once again, you guys are invited to that too. I can't help that I have a dingbat for a sister. It's the week before the wedding. Emily---That date should be fine with me, I think. Let you know if it changes. Karissa---I'll email you what i have so far. I completely ripped off some website but I think it's appropriate. I'm going to change it a little. Thanks for the help. Is it possible to be addicted to cookies? I'm starting to think Bob has a problem! I'm not kidding.

 HOLD THE DATE Ok- Marshall's aunt's want to throw us an engagement party- so we've decided on the date of 11/21. If you can't come- I'll understand, I just wanted to let all of you know it was in planning- invites to follow.

 I haven't seen an invitation yet either...but our mail is sometimes slow (I think the apt. postperson just does it whenever they feel like it). I'll let you know when I get it!

 Haven't gotten an invitation yet, but it's only Tuesday. ;) If you'd like help with the speech, let me know. I've been sorting through my poetry books lately so I might be able to find something appropriate.

 Usually the parents of the groom pays for the rehearsal dinner. Lisa hasn't really been a bridezilla. She's been just more forgetful and flighty than usual which frustrates me. This also could be the first time I've ever had to pay attention to how forgetful and flighty she really is. I'm working on her wedding toast now. Did you guys get a wedding invitation? You should have. If not, I'll go kick her ass.

 Can you say. . . .BRIDEZILLA? ;) Just kidding! Hope your weekend with your parents was nice Cara. I'm glad you didn't drive all the way down here for this bridal show. It was great to hang out with Jen and Karissa- but I was disappointed in the show. I think when they have one at the convention center it will be much better (of course, my luck, I'll be out of town). Question: who pays for rehearsal dinner? Planning the wedding has not really been stressful at all except for the damn rehearsal dinner and us trying to plan an engagement party. I am going to hand the whole thing over to Marshall soon. I'm going to tell him to price it all and figure out how we'll feed everyone (even if it's party a pitch in too). I figure if I'm planning the wedding, he can plan that. Fair, right? Goal #2: To get him to NOT wear a bow tie in the wedding. I really want a vest and tie... But I suppose if these are our biggest issues, I'm doing well.

 REASON #50 WHY I WILL KILL MY SISTER BEFORE HER WEDDING: Friday 1:26 a.m. [Phone rings] Cara (sleepy): Hello? Lisa: Cara? Cara: (concerned) Yes. Lisa: (cheerfully) Can you tell mom and dad that Ryan and I made it to Tennessee ok? *She was in Jamie's wedding this weekend* Cara: (confused) Why don't you call them yourself?! Lisa: Well, dad said that they would be at your house on Friday. He wanted me to call. Cara: (irritated) Lisa! It's Thursday! Lisa: (laughs) Oh shoot. I thought it was Friday! Well, it's technically Friday now. [Cara hangs up]

 I am SO excited about the Cubbies! Chris I am so jealous that you were at the game yesterday. Haven't yet decided where I am going to be moving but more than likely the southside of Indy. I really like the complex that Em is at right now. It's a little ghetto but they pay for heat and water and running a special where you get 2 months free rent so it would make a 2 bedroom for me and the little bambino really cheap. I will definately let everyone know when I am moving so that I don't have to left anything and just bark orders around. Hehehe. I just heard the new Brittany/Madonna song. I hated it so much that I switched it half way through the song. Also getting sick of Dave and John. Used to like both of them but now when I hear them on the radio I switch to something else. Gotta go and take a nap!

 GO CUBS!!!!!!!

 Hello ladies... Thanks for informing me of the massive gas you women have. I thought it was just my wife that exploded/imploded. My computer crashed so I havent been online in awhile and read all of those posts...one after another...i giggled. Job is going well. I've spent the past five days just reading various studies that they've done. These people are way smarter than me. Sometimes when I talk to them, I notice they look at me like a dog would when it hears someone fart. They are very intense. And I like monkeys. And the various naughty things monkeys do. Jen, if you need help moving, just let me know. You shouldnt be lifting anything! Where in indy are you gonna be living? Em and Marshall sitting in tree.... Ok, time to go to Wrigleyville to drink beer and watch Prior beat the crap out of Maddox. Sometimes, Stone sings. But only when he wears his floppy hat.

 Jen, I'm digging up stuff to give to you. Hopefully you'll be able to use it. Have you guys heard the new Britney/Madonna song? REALLY not sure if I like it or not. I think I hate it actually. If I hear one more John Mayer/Dave Matthews "solo album" song I will scream. I used to like them...now i hate them. Even though DM's video for Grave Digger is awesome. The only reason why I watched it was because it was done by the same guy who did PJ's Jeremy. Karissa, Ani Difranco is coming to Chicago in January. I would love to go but Chicago in the dead of winter makes me cringe. You know I still listen to her tape you made me? I don't know why I don't just break down and buy the cd. I haven't bought a new cd in soo long. It sucks being broke.

 I also have a couple of balance balls. Boo ya.

 hey! jen- sorry i haven't called you back. i've been pretty busy running around during errands and stuff like that. glad to hear that the movie was good- i'll have to rent it now (the unrated version:)) if i find any kitchen stuff here that i don't need or use i will send it down to you. i hope the cubs win the next 2 games! i haven't been watching the entire games, but i go back and forth. do you guys ever watch grounded for life (fridays 8pm-sucky time)? it's the most hilarious sitcom on right now. i know you all would appreciate it. cara- i hope all goes smoothly for your sister's wedding. it sounds like the stress is starting to build up more now. that sucks about the IBS. i only get that in the mornings (every f'n morning too) so i don't think mine is stress/emotional related. one of my friends down here has the same thing too. weird; all the females i know who are between 21 and 30 have this problem. that's very sweet about the flowers and card, em! he seems like one of the guys that actually remembers dates! karissa-glad to hear that you haven't gotten any rug burns from your new ball. (that sounds funny out loud) how's your new job, chris?

 I can't believe that the lady hasn't started on the bridesmaids dresses. I would definately be like your mom and flipping out. Chris and Cara-I will love to take whatever you guys have to pass down. Karissa-As much as I want to try out one of those balance balls, I'll let Em take it b/c right now I have a hard time walking w/o tripping into the wall! I think "they" are out to get me. ;) Chris-How is the new job going? And yes, I will be living in the Indy area. Em-That was really sweet of Marshall to give you flowers and a card. John would have never remembered to do something like that. Hope everyone is having a great day. Nothing else new with me.

 Karissa- if Jen doesn't want the big ball- I'll take it- I want a bigger one! ~WELCOME ONE AND ALL TO THE FIRST ANNUAL GRANT STREET SWAP MEET~ Chris- she's right...we fart...often- we may not be as proud of it as most men...but on occasion- we are. Where have you been BTW? Start the new job yet?? I got a rockin' monkey puppet from the claw game at the laundrymat- Marshall and I tend to make him look like he's doing naughty monkey things- it's fun- how we pass time. Cara- I'm sure the dresses will work out ok- how could she have not done them yet for 7 girls?! Yikes!! Maybe we shouldn't have dresses made for my wedding! Marshall got me cards and flowers yesterday for our Pre Pre Anniversary. It was one year exactly before our wedding. Yeah, I cried.

 Cara, when you said you are becoming YOUR mother, I read it wrong and thought you said you were becoming A mother and I was about to say, oh my god! What's going on! Then I reread it and it made a whole lot more sense. And now that my heartbeat is returning to normal.... Chris, I'm sorry. Girls fart. A lot. We also think and talk about sex a whole lot more than guys. Being our token boy, you get to see a lot of things that just aren't that pretty. It must rock to be you...;D Jen, I don't know if I have any extra stuff around the house, but if you want a really big balance ball, I'd be happy to let you borrow mine. They are good for relieving back pressure. One of the girls at the library kept a balance ball at her desk so when she got tired of sitting in her chair she could sit on that any work at the computer. That's actually why I went out and got one to exercise with. My new one is purple and not nearly as intimidating as the big blue one. I think I might deflate the big one because it really takes up a lot of room in the closet.

 Lord have mercy on my soul. I havent read this much about flatulence since browsing the back of a bottle of Bean-O. One word for you all - sexy. Jen, we have a papasan (yes, from pier 1), some plates and a stereo if you'd like it. You gonna be living in Indy? I have more to write, but I have to poop. Hope everyone is doing well.

 i think i have some left over wedding presents that I'll never use. You can have that. I just need to find it. I've got some corningware (i'm using the stuff you bought for my shower. this came after) and I think I have some stuff that wasn't on my registery that I totally didn't want. It's all just laying around here. Bob will be thrilled to get rid of it. he was complaining about it yesterday. I'll give it to you on Saturday. Lisa promised she mailed the wedding invitations. Don't worry about the bachelorette. Lisa knows you guys are coming. Hopefully she'll pass the message along to Amber. My mom doesn't think that lady has even STARTED our bridesmaid dresses yet! I think my IBS is emotionally related. I've becomng my mother.

 Awesome. I will take whatever you don't want. Which means I can buy my own pizza stone. :)

 Jen- you are IN LUCK! Marshall and I just went crazy and bought a HUGE set of cookware (we were suckers at a seminar) anyway- so I'll have to get rid of ALL of my cookware (except my pizza stone, I'm keeping that!) You can have EVERYTHING else. Jen- haven't gotten any invites for you or for me- but Cara is aware of this- we ARE invited. I don't know many details except that it starts at 7 on Saturday. I gotta run- but I BOOKED OUR DJ!!! I'm so excited about that... Just FYI...our wedding is now ONE YEAR away exactly.

 Cara I would love your entertainment center but I don't know how I would get it down here. So if Em and Marshall can find away for them than they could have it. Em-Thanks for the offer on the futon, but I am taking my old futon and either getting the mattress replaced or John is letting me have one that is at the Whiteland house I just have to see what shape that it is in. Plus I have the recliner that we bought for me and the baby at Goodwill. What I really need is like kitchen stuff. We got rid of most of our dishes and pots when we moved b/c we were registering for new stuff. So if you guys know of anyone who is getting rid of anything like that than let me know. If there is anything else that I can think of that I need I'll let you guys know. Thanks for all the support. All of you have been life savers and I am very lucky and grateful that I have such great friends. Em-have you gotten my invites for the bach party and/or wedding? Also I would love a pic of you and Marshall. I have no idea what the plan is for this Sat. Cara-sorry to hear that you might have IBS. We are such a fun bunch of girls b/c like Karissa when I have emotional upheaval or alot of stress I end up in the crapper. You definately need to break Bob in w/the farting b/c trust me when you become pregnant you become a farting queen! You will put to shame even the most prideful beer guzzling red neck!! Not that I would know anything about that or not. :) Karissa-glad to hear that you had a good birthday weekend. I rented Boat Trip the other night and it was really funny. It is out on DVD as the unrated version and I can't imagine what the rated version was b/c it was very unrated material. On the Cubs front they won thier first game but lost last night to the Braves. So the series is tied 1-1. Keep your fingers crossed for the Cubbies. Thier next game is Friday night.

 Oh, yeah, and I'd like a picture, too, please. :)

 I'm learning how much fun it is to play with the Media Player on my computer. You can find all kinds of great stuff on there! Cara, I feel your pain with the IBS. The doctor gave me some muscle relaxers that just work on smooth muscles and I've been doing a lot better since. Mine is emotionall triggered, so any time I get upset, I end up in the bathroom. Have you thought about keeping a list of what you eat? I know that my sister and mom have food triggers. Dairy is a big one, like Em said, but it could be just about anything. Sometimes these bodies are really almost more trouble than they are worth. I had a really good birthday. The folks got me a Balance Ball that's the right size. I'm so excited about not falling off it anymore! Woo-hoo! And Cara, I'm still eating those cookies. :) And Brian never ceases to amaze me. He researched and wrote out a special birthday ritual. It was so cool! I was just glad to have him to myself for the whole weekend, but this was just an amazing thing for him to do. So, all in all, a very good weekend. :)

 Em...I want one!!

 Steph- no problem- I'll send one...I think I have your address...but I think it's Metairie (and I don't think you are there anymore)- can you email it to me?

 em- i'd like a pic of you and marshall. :)

 Cara- I would love to have your entertainment center- but I don't know how we'd get it here- that's the only problem. But if Jen doesn't want it- I'll talk to Marshall and see what we can do. But Jen gets first dibbs since she needs furniture.. Speaking of furniture- Jen - I could probably give up the futon soon. I mean, I love it, I'm sort of attached to it- but it's not necessary for us to have once we move because we'll have 2 beds. Let me know. Cara- sorry about the possible IBS. That sucks- Karissa and I can certainly relate. I can give you a little advice to try and see if it helps. Try buying Lactose free milk for awhile. Bob won't even notice if you don't tell him- it's milk, all the same with just the natural sugars removed. My stomach won't digest it right- and that's what makes me have trouble. Also- make sure you are getting enough fiber and iron in your diet. If you aren't sure- make sure you take a daily vitamin. (Try Puritanspride.com- they have vitamins for CHEAP) My farting in front of Marshall is not nearly in the same frequency range as his- because he still giggles when I do it. When he does, my general response is "My GOD babe- again?". We got our JCPenney's engagement pictures back! I like most of them- but there is one pose in particular that I love. I'm not going to assume that you all want a copy- because we don't have THAT many. So- if you do want one (they are wallet size), let me know and I will get you one. Well- I had my 2nd Weight Watchers meeting last night- and in my first week- I lost 1.5 lbs! Not major loss- but very good progress (they said that is a very normal loss for week one). My goal is 20 lbs by Dec. 31- and if I stayed at this pace, I'd have lost 21 lbs. It's going to be tough though, going through the holidays! Anyway...we changed our first song again...(Colors are still the same!)- Now it's 'Heaven' by Louis Armstrong and Ella Fitzgerald. We've also picked out our invitations (not ordered them, just picked them out) Jen/Karissa- you'll remember them as the ones with the cool 20's style picture on the front, tri-fold. Marshall loved them- AND they are relatively cheap! Well, I better get to work- let me know (email) if anyone wants an engagement pic.

 Em...yes, be home on friday. Hopefully on Saturday morning, I will try on my bridesmaid dress. If it's not done, I think my mother will have a heart attack. Guys, I think I have irritable bowel syndrome or whatever. :( Aren't you glad I share? :) I think my farting in front of bob will commence soon. It's hard doing the "our" stuff. We still don't do that too well. We're very protective over our original stuff. I still have this huge entertainment unit that is just sitting here. Does anyone want it? Jen, when you move into your new place?

 Nothing new going on with me so all I have to post is: GO CUBS! They play the Braves tonight in their first playoff game.

 Steph- yeah- we are trying to refer to things as "our" stuff- and most of the time it works out. I will admit though, I've been semi-territorial and I'm looking forward to moving into OUR new apartment in a few months. Otherwise, it's going pretty well. I am completely convinced that Chris was right about the short-lived cuteness of a loved one's flatulence. It's only cute a few times. Now it's just annoying- but there's too much comfort zone to go back...however, "I" get to do it too- so payback is a bitch. Cara- maybe Oscar will come around- Luna actually is. She crawled up in bed with us last night- first time ever (barring the time she PEED on Marshall). I would totally love to go into business with event planning- I really would...I mean, I know I've only been planning my own wedding here for a very short time- but I think it would be AWESOME to do that with everyone's wedding or baby shower or bar mitzvah, etc... Hmm...sounds like a business plan is forming...too bad we live far enough apart that it's not very possible. Cara- when do you come down- Friday?

 em- i got the picture, it looks really good! thanks for sending it to me. i hope you guys all have fun this weekend!!

 I ran a Yahoo! search for enchanted Barbie and all I could find was Rapunzel Barbie. But, while my sugar shock was wearing off from that, I DID manage to find this article on the new Muslim-friendly Barbie. Hey, at least someone over there is trying. Cara, your folks are very cool. Why did Lisa flip out this time? I'm beating back the sarcastic comments about needing another ring because I know they won't help, but it's really hard. ;) So I talked to my neighbor's brother again this morning. Did I tell you guys about this guy asking me out on my birthday weekend? Well, I hadn't seen him since but he was there today. He might stop by and say hey sometime this weekend. Don't get your hopes up about me dating him, though. While I have no problem making friends, the idea of being with more than one person at a time really doesn't work for me. Anyway, that's it for the mo. See most of you tomorrow! KJT:)

 Jen, My mom said not to worry about the hotel room. She's got it covered. My mother has been feeling very generous with her money lately. She paid for all seven bridesmaid dresses and didn't bat an eye. Reception starts at 5 and the wedding starts at 1 o'clock. What else? Lisa flipped out yesterday and my parents went all the way to Jasper to help her out. Cleaned her house, picked up the tuxes and stuff while she was at work. I seriously have the best parents in the world. Still have to finish the flowers on Friday night. I'm leaving early tomorrow morning. So if you guys get lost or want to get a hold of me, call me on Bob's cell. Hopefully we'll remember to take it. Bob's making me dinner tonight!! I'm hyper as hell because I don't have to work tomorrow.

 Cara-John doesn't have the money to split the cost of a hotel room w/me and I don't have the money to pay for the room myself, so we won't be able to use it. But tell your mom thank you for holding one for us. Sorry I couldn't tell you sooner this is the first chance that I have to been able to talk to John. Also what time is the ceremony and reception? Oscar will get over it. My boys did. Osie even got over his "sex change!" Also John being the responsible pet owner that he is let Wrigley get pregnant again. Not sure if it was from when she jumps the fence or Sosa. I told him to get her fixed before I left but does he listen, ah no! Alas he is the owner of 7 new puppies (5 girls and 2 boys). Let me know if anyone knows of anybody who is looking to get a puppy. Can't wait to see your engagement pics Em! I bet they turned out good. Looks like I need to keep an eye out for Barbie's new looks. Have you seen the Barbie's friend who is pregnant and than she can pop out the baby (her stomach lifts up) and than look like she isn't pregnant. I don't know but for some reason that whole concept makes me sick!

 even for a cat, i guess that's probably true.

 Steph, I dont think that is something you ever forget. Forgive? Maybe. Forget? Never. Long live Oscar's balls. thankyouverymuch.

 Cara- my friend Heidi had her cats de-clawed and de-balled at the same time- the funniest part was her immitation of the cat trying to scratch itself and then lick it's balls- and realizing there was nothing there. . . Aside from the wiccan barbie- there is also a new Muslim-friendly barbie- I don't know all the details- but I believe she's very covered up. There was something on yahoo about it. Our engagement pics yesterday were so fun to do! I can't wait to see them- we pick them up on Sunday. Unfortunately I won't have them to show this weekend- but that's ok. Also- we've now chosen a place to have the engagement party- so it is indeed on the West side of Indy on November 22. Invitations will come out soon.

 i haven't seen that barbie yet. i'll have to look for that one. :) he'll soon forget that he doesn't have balls and won't be pissed anymore.

 Have you guys seen the new Barbie that's a witch? Of course they don't come out and say they are witches. They say they are "enchanted" which cracks me up. I don' t know why they don't just come out and say Wiccan Barbie. Does the word "enchanted" really going to cover up the fact they can do spells and shit?? Our kitty is pissed at us.

 Wow. I must have missed something with Lisa...:) Anyway, Em and have been talking and neither of us can remember when the reception starts. I went in and printed up all kinds of directions to get to the church and the reception. I'm so excited! Well, not about being a lesbian for the weekend, but just about going on a trip to see people. This is my second trip in a row. At the same time, I can't wait until I get to spend a weekend at home, but that's not the point. :) Oh, and is Jasper in the same time zone as we are? It's just down around Evansville and up by Chicago that it's different, right? I know, stupid question, but I can just see me showing up an hour late. It's PMS brain that's making me ask dumb questions...

 Cara-I need to know how much the room is going to be so that I can tell John and he can pay for half and I can pay for half. Glad to hear that Bob can flip people off but men are dumb when they think that they can do things w/o hurting themselves. Do you know how many times I had to take John to the Emergency room b/c he thought that he was a "MAN" and could do it himself. On the kitty balls front hopefully that will help calm Oscar down. Although I think that something is in the air b/c my usual mild manner Osie is acting like a lunatic and flitting around the house like a mad man! I can't believe that Lisa remembers everything and that she didn't have a hangover. I wonder is she remembers jumping over the ropes at the Vogue b/c she thought that we were going into a movie theater. I can just hear her now "It's ok Cara you can go to the movies but I don't wanna go to the movies. Really I don't wanna go to the movies!"

 Em...They know that you, Marshall, Jen and John are coming. It's not a problem. Jen...I think I told my mom to hold a room for you. Let me know ASAP if you don't want it. Karissa...Sure, be lesbians for the evening! I don't mind. I finally got a garbage disposal!! Of course we had to take Bob to the emergency room but it's there, damnit! I told him to have someone install it but he thought it would be cheaper this way. With hospital bill and tools he bought, it would have definitely been cheaper to hire someone to do it. He's fine, by the way. He hurt his middle finger and they had to burn a hold in the fingernail to get all the blood out. He was in a lot of pain because he didn't even fight me on going to the doctor. His middle finger is now all bandaged and he gets to flip people off. Poor Oscar is getting his balls cut off today. I am STILL recovering from last weekend. I can't wait for this shit to be over. You know that bitch didn't even have a hangover when she woke up?! How is THAT possible? Even I would have been fucked up but she was damn chipper the next morning. She also claims to remember everything. Can't wait to get the pictures developed. BLACKMAIL. Chris...what floppy hat? They are coming out with a rarieties cd AND another live DVD around my birthday. I told BOb that PJ knew when my birthday was and they always plan around it. I'm excited because it's stuff that I actually do NOT have. Lunch is over. Gotta go back to work. See you guys this weekend.

 Cara- speaking of the wedding- I've still not received an invitation for me or Jen- I just want to make sure that your family knows we are coming- right? do I need to call your mom too? Thanks!!

 Cara, is it ok if I bring Sarah Anderson to the wedding as my date this weekend? Should I call your mom and double check with her? I was going to bring Brian but it's his 2 year anniversary with Erica so that's a big no to his going with me. Not a big deal; Sarah and I have decided to go as lesbian lovers, so it's going to be fun...;)

 So how was everybody's weekend? Did you have a good party? I had a really good weekend with the fam. My Grandpa wants to adopt Polly and they are going to get an RV and travel around the country. Tressa has a couple of admirers in Jake and Maggie. And the food. THE FOOD!!!! We had the best food in the world. I have never had mashed potatoes that were beaten by hand be that creamy and smooth before. The chicken and steak fell apart to the touch. The bread and fresh butter were almost creme brulee good. The vegetables were even mouthwateringly good. If green beans always tasted like that, I'd never stop eating them. And then there was the ice cream and pie. Lemon cream pie. Apple. Oatmeal chocolate chip. Vanilla ice cream so rich just looking at it added pounds to your hips. Was it worth the 4 hour drive there and the 4 hour drive home? Oh my, yes, and a million times more. Next time, you're all coming with me. It was $12 a plate and I think they were robbed. Just a good meal all in all.... Now can anyone tell me why spending most of the day in a car can make you so tired? I just don't get it. I still feel jet lagged in a way that has nothing to do with it being Monday.

 That's strange. My dad just had surgery for his kidney stones yesterday. I guess it was too big to pass. That's odd that you aren't feeling well either. I think if it was kidney stones you wouldn't be able to do ANYTHING. Remember, pee after sex! I hate being poor. I have to get new glasses and I can't buy them because we only have a hundred bucks in the checking account. I can't wear my contacts because I've either scratched my corneas or have an ulcer IN MY EYE. I have to put a cream in my eye and have to go back to the doctor. My old glasses suck and I definitely cannot see at night. I'm really bitchy today.

 Do you have pain in your back? I know that w/kidney stones you usually feel it in your back but a few times when I have let a bladder infection go to long it hits me there. Whatever it is you will get an antibiotic and than they will give you pills to help with the pain that will make your pee orange!

 Kidney stones/bladder infection--- which could it be? Either way, it fucking hurts. And I've got it. Going to the doctor at 1 today...and I'm looking forward to it- as long as they take away the pain.

 The cake was excellent. It tasted like the day it was made. I love proving Bob wrong! :) Nothing new here. Going to start carving a pumpkin tonight. Bob and I started it last night but had to go to bed. Neither one of us can stay up past 11. Hope the interview went well, Jen. I would think insurance is a good thing to get into. Everybody needs it, just like garbage removal!!

 Yea for Cara and Bob! If the cake isn't good, go to the store and get another one. I think something happened to my parents' cake and they didn't get to eat it, so if it's not good, it's not a sign or anything. And if cake doesn't sound good, at least get some frosting...;)

 Happy Anniversary Cara!!! Good luck Jen- sorry I missed your call last night! Knock 'em dead!!

 happy anniversary cara! good luck with the interview jen!

 Happy Anniversary! I can't believe that it has been a year since we were all in Vegas. Crazy all the things that happen in a year. If I were Lisa I would have drawn blood and barred her from the wedding. And than mom would have come and cleaned up after me (well at least what would have been left of my "future" bloody stump of a mother in law.) At one point John looked at me and said, "Man I feel bad for Lisa that lady just looks like a bitch! By the way where is her husband?" I looked at him and said "that if I looked and acted like her would you want to be around me?" He replied with "no I would be off in a corner getting drunk and checking out the bridesmaids!" But if Ryan is upset with one of his usher's for yelling at your dad than he should be just as upset with his own mother for treating Lisa that way. I have a second interview tomorrow with and insurance company tomorrow. Everyone keep your fingers and toes crossed!

 I don't know...the woman is just a bitch. Just checking in today and i have to keep this short. Today is our 1 year anniversary!! Hopefully the cake will taste ok.

 cara- sorry to hear about all the drama that went on! i'm glad you have a chance to rest now, and that it's all over with. i hope your feet are doing better. mine started doing that at your wedding, but at least i had other shoes to change into right away. i hope lisa and ryan are having a good time on their cruise. and i hope ryan's mom apologizes to lisa. even if she really thinks that, that's one of the meanest, childish things to say to a bride on her wedding day. she's probably just jealous of lisa.

 Ha! He was slipping you the "proverbial" sausage!

 Wow. That's a lot of stress, Cara. Why would Judy tell her daughter-in-law-to-be that she's a bitch ON HER WEDDING DAY? There's plenty of time for that after. I'm not saying that to be funny, either. My mom has been saying that grandmother is a bitch for as long as I remember, and they've never gotten along, but I'm betting they made nice on the actual wedding day. I've heard of people not wanting to give up their babies, but this is nuts. Does Ryan know his mom did that? I have a feeling that telling him might not be a bad idea. Unless he's a mama's boy.... Did Lisa even remember getting upset when they had to leave early? I'm sure she was just drunk and tired. It was a big day. Still, I don't blame your parents for getting upset about that. But you had to clean up after the reception? When did they tell you that? Shouldn't that be the responsibility of the Polo Club? I mean, you paid them for the use of their building. Shouldn't they have staff to come in and do that? Was that something that would have cost extra? Do you think Lisa or Ryan knew that and forgot to tell you? Who booked the place? I would think that would be something that was in the contract when they booked. Em, you might want to check with your people and make sure they do the clean up after. Even if it costs a little more, it's totally worth it not to have to worry about. If the reception had been in the church basement, I could see having to help clean up, but this was a professional reception hall. That's a big part of what they do. You shouldn't have had to do that. It's just nuts. How are your feet now? I bet your tennis shoes feel really good after that. At least it's over, and with any luck, you'll never have to do it again. God forbid something happens between Lisa and Ryan, but if it does, tell her to elope next time. She had the big wedding once; that was enough. Guys, I wanted to thank you all for being so supportive. I never thought I'd be in a situation where I'd have to choose between boys. Believe me, I'm watching for signs and signals and I'm so tuned into my heart that I could almost pass for schitzophrenic. I'm going to Indy tonight to see Brian and I'm glad to have a chance to talk to him about things. No, the drama is nowhere NEAR ending yet, but being able to talk to him is going to help a lot. Oh, and I did forget one thing. When Tony came over the first time, he brought me a summer sausage. I'm still trying to figure out if that was a come on or not...;)

 Cara- oh my god- I'm so sorry! I had NO idea that all of that was going on. I sensed that something was wrong- so as we were leaving, I asked your parents if there was anything I could do... Regardless of all that- it was a beautiful wedding and reception- and I think very few people were aware of the drama of the inner workings.. Judy...what a fucking bitch....why can't she just give Lisa a chance...what is her big fucking problem. What does she have against her? I'm completely against doing any work right now...I'll do minimums, but that's it!

 Karissa...I didn't take anything bitchy that I read. Youre just a girl with boy problems. Isn't it great that you have now too many boys to choose from??? Date both, shit. Remember, there will be some sort of sign that will let you know what to do. Just pay attention to that inner voice of yours. Everything happens for a reason. Lisa and Ryan went on a cruise for their honeymoon. Ryan is scared to death of flying so it was a miracle he got on the plane. My mom said taking him to the airport was like taking him to the gas chamber. Lisa promised that if he took the ride home that she will never ask him to fly again. I doubt that but it might get him back on the plane. There was so much drama at that wedding that I could barely stand it. I have been pissed off by shit that i'm ready to take it out on someone. Everything worked out but I still have pent up aggression. Tiny but violent. Judy (Ryan's mom) called Lisa a bitch and was calling to yell at her when she was getting her hair done. She called two more times but my mom finally started screening the calls. The bitch thing happened before I got there or I would have knocked that fat woman down myself. Ryan got drunk at the reception and puked all over himself. Lisa started crying because they had to leave early and she was claiming he was ruining everything. Parents were quite pissed off about that. Of course, the next morning neither one of them had a hangover or anything. I doubt there was any sex though. Some guy stole the centerpieces off the table. You know those vases with the fruit in them? The decorator saw the guy take off with two of them and followed him to his car. He returned with them only to take two more when he was leaving again. Parents had to pay for the missing vases, which made one of Lisa's bridesmaids cry. We had to clean up after the reception, which was a suprise to all of us. We had to stack chairs, take the table cloths off and clean up all the cigarette butts from the parking lot. That sucked big time. Some guy my dad drove home bitched him out because he wouldn't drop him off at a bar. He was one of the ushers and now Ryan wants to kick his ass. I got in the car and sobbed all the way to the hotel. I was so tired and upset. Plus my feet hurt since my blisters exploded and there was blood all over my shoes. Other than that, it was a great time. (I'm rolling my eyes right now)

 Jen, thank you. That's just what I needed to hear. It helps to remember that this is not a decision I have to make right this minute. I get all tense and stressed about things like this and then remember that it's not life or death, right this minute, do or die. So, I'm going to keep hanging out with Tony, spending time with Brian, and just see how it all turns out. When the time comes to pick, if it ever does, I'll be ready. Just as long as it's not today, we're all ok. If my earlier post came off as bitchy, I'm sorry about that. I know I get defensive really easily and I don't mean anything by it, it just happens. And Jen, if you want some plastic cups, I have a ton of Pizza Express cups I'd be more than happy to share with you. Remember how many we had at the GS house? Yeah, well, living alone hasn't cut down that number any. I have one cupboard full and another one that's starting to get a little tight. They are really handy for heating water to warm bottles with, and if you freeze your breast milk you can put the bottle right in the water in the microwave and it works like a charm. Even better, if they get ruined, it's not a big deal. I will always have more. I'm the plastic cup supplier, after all...:)

 GO CUBBIES!!! WOO HOO! Karissa- whatever choice you make will be the right one for you. i've never met either guy, but i support your decision. only you know what you really want. jen and em have some great wisdom about these things and you are not lacking experience in the ways of love either so i think you'll be fine. just have fun. em- i'm sorry to hear you hate your job. there's almost nothing worse. it does affect everything else because you are there for 8 hours a day 5 dow. do you think that they'd understand if you just told them that the job is absolutely not what you thought? i would probably do the same thing though, tell them that i'm moving or something. :) that's a situation they can't try to talk you out of! cara- i know you'll come across a job that you'll actually like one of these days! i'm glad to hear that your sister's wedding went well. are they going on a honeymoon?

 Jen- the glasses are as good as yours! PS- Karissa- yeah, what Jen said. . . (Good advice Jen)

 One last thing GO CUBS!

 Em-If you can part with a set of glasses that would be great. That is something I don't have and was going to have to buy! Cara & Em-You guys will find a job out there that will make you happy. Working these crappy jobs right now will make you appreciate that job when it comes even more.

 Karissa-Here is my take on the situation. I think that you have some very hard decisions to make and that ultimately you will make the right choices. Love doesn't always hit you right away. Sometimes it creeps up on you and than BAM hits you smack in the middle of your forehead like one great big duh. Don't look at this situation as a choice betweeb one or the other right now. Tony is a friend and if you think deep down you could possibly have feelings for him (which I think you do or this wouldn't be so hard) than don't hold back. That doesn't mean that you have to have a physical realtionship with him that can come later if and when you are ready. But get to know him, who he is and what he believes in. Ultimately that is what counts. You need to ask yourself if Brian can answer those things for you also and if you are willing to pass up on things in life for him. I know that when you are with Brian he is very attentive to you and your needs but will you always be satisfied with playing one of many. But believe me I understand the tough situation that you are in. I just broke up with the only man that I ever thought that I would love and yes we are trying to work things out, but what if it doesn't? Part of the problems that John and I faced were over my insecurity and that I held back. All these years I held part of myself back because I was afraid to let go and just go for the ride. Growing up the way that I did always made me not trust things for as they are and I was always waiting for the other shoe to drop. So my last piece of sage advice and wisdom would be whatever choice you make don't regret it. Make it, live with it and don't look back. If you think that any choice you make is going to make you think someday what if than don't make that choice. You might have to take the hard path and that is ok as long as you are 100% sure that you are and will be ok with that. And know that whatever choice you make you will have support and back up.

 Why is being with Brian holding myself back? Yeah, there are major issues in that relationship and it's very likely going to end badly, but why is loving him holding myself back? One time I stayed with a boy that no one liked and he made me really unhappy. One time, I stayed with a boy everyone really liked, and I ended up making both of us miserable. One treated me like crap and the other one treated me like a queen. I didn't really love either of them and ended up getting hurt by that in the end. I'm being honest with Tony about my feelings for Brian. That's all I can do right now. I don't know what's going to happen tomorrow, but right now, I'm staying with Brian and becoming friends with Tony. That's all I can do. Anything else feels wrong and I have to go with my gut, even though it usually leads me astray. I don't want to be with Tony just because everyone likes him better or because he wants to only be with me. I can't date someone because everyone else thinks we should be together. That's not fair to him. If I am ever with him, it's going to be because I want to be with him. That's why I'm with Brian now. Because I want to be. Yes, Tony is making a real effort, and I'm not turning him away. I'm going really slowly with him to see if anything develops. I'm not going to rush into a relationship (again) with someone I barely know just because he likes me. I don't know exactly how I feel about him. And he's willing to take his time with me, too. Tony seems like an easy solution to a difficult problem and I'm not willing to go that way until I have a better idea of who he is and what he's about. I have to make my life as difficult as possible, after all. There's really no such thing as an easy solution and if I jump on this I'm just as likely to get screwed in the end. I want to take my time with Tony. If it turns out that he's "the one," I want to have come to that conclusion on my own. You and Sarah are both concerned that I've hitched my wagon to a dying star, and I love you both for it. If you didn't love me, you wouldn't care. But I have to do this the hard way. Things that are given to you without a struggle aren't usually worth it. Life isn't supposed to be easy, it rarely makes sense, and we can't pick who we love. So I'm going to continue to be an emotional mess, I'm going to hang out with my new friend, and I'm going to see what happens.

 Karissa... You know I love you- but DO NOT HOLD YOURSELF BACK. It does not mean you are poly because you date someone else. You are dating Brian and have strong feelings for him- but you also know that he will never be a monogamous person and that is what you ultimately want out of any man. For him to love YOU and only you- for who you are, what you believe and the crust, the crumbs of your soul. Tony is making a real effort to show you how interested he is. If you have interest towards him- don't push him away. How many people have pursued you like Tony is and willing to take the backseat to Brian just to get SOME of your time? Quick tidbit- when I first met Brian- and then Marshall. . .Marshall was NOT willing to be in the poly lifestyle at all- but he was willing to chance it because he was that interested in me. So he asked me out anyway. Knowing that I had gone out with his roomate- knowing that it could possibly cause tension between them- and look how it turned out. . . I'm not saying that Tony is the ONE- but he could be- so just be open to the idea. Evaluate Tony for TONY- not compared to Brian... Love you!

 Em, you're going to see a very similar version of this on my LJ, but I'm going to have to do some editing for that crowd, so be prepared for deja vu...:) I have this feeling that everyone is going to get more excited about Tony than I am. He's a doll! We had a good time. He got there last night right after I got out of the shower. I was dressed, thank goodness, though I have the distinct impression that, had I been naked, he would have really enjoyed that. ;) So, we went to Dragon, picked up food and went back to my house and watched Evolution. That movie cracks me up so much! He had brought a couple of movies from the library, but he hadn't seen Evolution, so we watched that. I think next time we're going to watch Rushmore. We talked movies the whole time we were going to get food and then while we were settling in to eat and watch. He sat on the couch, I sat in my chair, and it was just very nice and relaxing. After the movie, I showed him pictures of Jake and Maggie and then went through the Mighty Bookcase of Pictures and showed him everyone in the fam. Then he put the moves on me. He tried to kiss me, but I said no. I had explained the Brian situation to him on the way to get food, so he knows what's up there, so it's not like I'm leading him on in any way. It's just weird. Suddenly I have this guy who is actively trying to pursue me. He says he understands that I'm with Brian, but if I ever feel that I'm not getting enough attention he's ready to step up and fill in the blanks, which can be taken metaphorically and still be the truth. He left about 10:30 so I could get ready for bed. He just kept telling me that he thinks I'm beautiful and stuff like that and I don't know how to take those kinds of statements. This morning, I was up and around early and was about to pull out of the drive way when he pulled in. He brought me a single pink rose. He's coming over after I get home from swimming tonight so we can hang out some more. I don't know what to do. Don't tell me to go for it because I can't. I'm not built that way. I'm not poly and I never will be. But I like his company. We like the same kinds of music, a lot of the same movies, he has a good sense of humor, he loves the kittens, and he's just an all-around nice guy. They say that single mothers are always looking for someone who likes kids. Well, I'm just happy to find someone who loves the kittens as much as I do. :) I wish I felt something more for him. It would make things easier, that's for sure. But Brian has my heart so I don't have it to give to anyone else right now. The universe certainly does have a sense of humor. Life is a joke, and right now, I don't get it. All good things, though. All good things.

 PS- Jen, Marshall's grandmother wants to give us a set of glasses - 12 regular, 12 juice. We just got a set of glasses from his dad too. Do you want these? You might need them when you move. Let me know and he'll pick them up when he's in Evansville over Halloween

 I've decided that I'm going to start looking for something else asap. I won't make any changes until after my trip to Vegas/NYC- that's already paid for and I think it would be wrong to bail on the company like that. But then again- when I give notice, I will lie anyway. I have decided that I'm going to tell them that my fiance took a job in some other state- so I must move on. That's about the only thing they wouldn't FREAK about. My boss hired me with the understanding that I would want to be there at least a few years. And with all intention- I did....but this job is not what it seemed and it's effecting the rest of my life. I was so stressed out at work yesterday that right towards the end of the day- I read WAY too much into emails from Marshall and made a big deal out of nothing and started just yelling at him right after he got home. Then I promptly broke down into tears...after about 5 minutes of sobbing and talking through, I did apologize to him- it had NOTHING to do with him- I just hate my job. I really love that man- he can deal with my psychosis....that's a rare trait. ;)

 Good lord, I know about hating jobs. Bob and I both hate ours but cannot find a damn thing anywhere else. I'm fearful that I'll spend the rest of my life signing and re-signing the same customers over and over again. I'm finding out my boss, who I adore, is kind of shady sometimes and that worries me. My commission is done one way while my GM thinks its done another. He keeps saying "if anyone asks...." I get confused because I haven't done anything wrong and what he tells me to say is the truth. Why do I have to worry if anyone asks me about it? Got my pictures developed from the wedding. God, I hated my hair! I'm getting it wacked off soon. Good luck, Karissa with your date. It will be good for you. Let Brian know that there are other people interested and he better pay attention before some one steals you away!

 Jesus I hate my job. I have to just keep thinking that it's temporary- I really might just have to wait until these first few trips are up and I get a break, then I really might look for something else- I don't know if I can take a few years here...yikes. I want to stay in Marketing or Advertising- but remind me not to work for neurotic brits again and to stay away from newspaper marketing. It's just the never-ending list of things "to do" that are added to my pile of stuff...and though I'm truly working very hard this morning- there is no end in sight. It just isn't the job I expected it to be- and it's not interesting to me....unless something changes very soon- it isn't fair to them or me to stay onboard. My boss just changes his mind on a minute-to-minute basis- and it drives me insane. Grrr....

 Cara, I had a really good time at the wedding and reception. So did Sarah. I think she likes your inlaws as much as the rest of us do. :) Pam even invited her to come to the summer party next year. If we can get Rob to behave, he might come, too...:) Apparently, I have a date tonight with my neighbor's brother. I was getting around this morning and Tony stopped by to see if I wanted to get some Chinese tonight. He's a good guy so I said yes. Why should I sit at home alone on a Monday night when I can have an attractive young man lounging around with me and the cats? Besides that, he told me he thinks I'm beautiful. And that was in the morning on my way to work, so that's pretty good. :) I can say that the odds of anything happening with Tony are slim to none. Good guy, yes, but I'm with Brian at the mo, and as much as I know he has no room to talk about me dating other boys, I can't do it. I'm not built that way. And yes, I'm going to explain the situation to Tony so he doesn't get hurt and doesn't think I'm hanging out with him just to play with Brian's emotions. Hey, a screw just fell out of my desk. How weird is that. I didn't do anything I don't usually do.... "screws fall out all the time. It's an imperfect world..."

 God. I am so tired. Don't ask me about the wedding until next week. Don't wanna talk about it. Had fun, don't get me wrong but I am so tired of the whole thing.

 squirrelene- something to do with her boyfriends nuts maybe? maybe that's a little too much, but i know people who enjoy that. i saw 28 days later. i really liked it. for horror movies it's really cool. it's got the physical horror with "zombies", but it's also really psychological- could you imagine that happening to you? em- i'd really love to come to your engangement party, but i won't be able to go up there anytime soon unfortunately. i'm going to start applying for preapproval for a mortgage and there's so much to do! getting started on this is the hardest part. i have to get all kinds of records and proof of how much money i regularly make, etc. i'm trying to get as much overtime as possible to show up on at least the 3 checks in a row that i will have to show a lender. i have to think of a name. cara-any luck on a job search? how bout you em? karissa- have fun this weekend! anyone hear from jen? i think i'll call her tomorrow to see how she's doing. i'm going to a friend's halloween party tonight. talk to y'all later.

 Oh dear lord. You ladies are much too nice. We are talking the girlfriend of a convict that worked at a car wash. Not that there is anything wrong with that. Lets just say Squirrelene wasnt her real name, but rather a nickname. So far, Ms. Beaverhausen is the closest : ) this is horrible. I am going to go to hell. Ivana Tinkle. Have you met Phil Dapot? ehhhhh...hehehehe. Em - yup, RSVP me. Anyone willing to wear a sombrero in public? Anyone? Anyone?....Bueller....Bueller.... Karissa - I think we will be in town so give us a call if you and your parents need to rest your weary bodies - 312-226-1756. Ok, time to watch 28 Days Later. Anyone seen this?

 Hopefully this will work. This was the stupidest name I could find at the moment. I might change it. Nothing new here. I think squirlene got her name for her big cheeks when she was a baby.

 Was it because of her teeth or did she like to hide nuts away so she'd have something to eat in the winter? Was she good at climbing trees? Did she like to run up people's legs? They do that here, you know. Hey, I'm going to be up in your neck of the woods. I'll wave as we go passed. We're going to see my sister this weekend. We meaning my parents and me. Obviously I have no life and must therefore travel with my parents. At 26 I'm still riding in the back seat with a map in the window to keep the sun out of my eyes.... Not really. I have sunglasses now...:)

 Chris- is that a bonafide RSVP? Maybe they named her that because she was "squirly" in her mommy's belly during pregnancy- but her mom was a redneck and thought it was "Squirlene" (kind of like Bob thought sober was "silber")

 Sorry, I totally meant to write how to change your name but Wellington got out of control. Yup, tis like Em said. I really did know a girl named Squirrelene. She was a girlfriend of one the convicts I worked with at a car wash in Alabama. I wont tell you why she was named Squirrelene. Unless you guess correctly. Then you win one dolla and a free beverage for when we meet up and drink and tell stories and dance. For some reason, I want it to snow. I have an urge to sled. Em, the wife and I would be honored to attend your engagement party. Should be fun. Thanks for the invite! Children need encouragement. If a kid gets an answer right, tell him it was a lucky guess. That way he develops a good, lucky feeling. Hope you fine females have a great weekend.....

 OK, it's showing the new names here, but not on the blog itself. That's just weird. Maybe it takes a while? I don't know. But Welly's worked right away, so maybe we just have to hold our mouths right or something. Maybe the blog only likes changes made by boys. Misogynistic blog!

 See, I knew it had to be something easy that I was missing...:) OK, I just found out something I think is really funny. You know those wrinkley dogs? The ones with all the skin? Apparently when they get older they have to have face lifts because their skin falls down over their eyes and they can't see. How funny is that? Even funnier, Sarah and Rob actually met one of those dogs at the dog park who was post-face lift. Sarah said it just took the years right off...!

 Aha! Sweet victory!

 If it worked correctly, I was able to change my name. Just go to the log in page- and before you enter the blog- go to "change your profile"- then enter this info in the First/Last names.... we'll, I'll hit publish and see what happens!

 I think I have one of those 24-hour Tuesdays. They're going around... No, not really. :) We did the DWE without the bouyancy belts again last night. On Wednesday, I was just tired, you know? Today, I'm feeling every muscle in my back and shoulders and forehead and arms and legs... When exactly did the steam roller hit? I took a muscle relaxer last night. BLISS!!! You know, I'd think about becoming a drug addict but I don't have the time or the money. Too bad I'm too practical...;) Tell Squirrlene I said hey! And I do someday hope to not be known as grant street in here. I think you have to be cleverer than me to do that, though. I know I'm missing something that's painfully obvious, but since I'm not seeing it, it's not doing me any good. Ah, well. More naps, fewer worries...:)

 What do you mean? I am Wellington. Some ladies call me Welly and some ladies just call me. Who wha? You cannot fathom the amount of pimposity that just spread over this blog. I will share with you the life and loves of Mr. Littlebrook. Not now though. I gots to meet up with Squirrelene on 86th and Cottage Grove. We gonna have a special hug mommies and daddies share. "Oh he didnt." Anastasia Beaverhausen? She stay over in Roseland? You got a keg in your pants? Cuz I want to tap dat ass"

 Hey, how did you do that? I've been wanting to change my name since I started the damn thing since I didn't know what I was doing then. Apparently I still don't, but that's not the point. Oh, and are you any relation to Anastasia Beaverhausen?

 I love you ladies too.

 And this is why I've been saying all along that we need to get rid of money and just do things out of the goodness of our hearts... You'd think the world I live in would be all rainbows and butterflies, and yet, no....

 Ok girls (and guy). I think I've come to a harsh reality today. I am going to have to sell my car unless I can find a really kickass, pay-out-the-butt, job. I can afford my car payment as is- but in a little less than 2 months- my school loans kick in- and I just don't think I can keep deferring them... I'm kind of sad about this- because I have a bit of a love affair with my car...but it's just too high a car payment (what was I thining?!?!). I need to find something that is more along the lines of a $300 car payment... then I can afford the car AND school loans...bleh... I HAVE to have a 6 cyl engine though- I just can't give up the power- I'll cry.....

 Karissa *love fest* we all feel the same way :) Love you too.

 Ok, I know I'm posting a whole lot today, but I don't think I've been in this good of a mood for a really long time. The weather is perfect, I keep thinking of weird things that make me giggle, I'm listening to good music, and I don't think I've really done a thing today. It's just lovely! I love you guys. I know you know that, but I wanted to say it now while I'm feeling the positive energy pouring out of me. And I don't say it enough. You all are the family I chose, and that is very cool. You rock. Just thought I'd share...:)

 Ok, here's what we need to do. Em, I apologize because I'm posting this to both the GSG blog and here, but it struck me that this is something all the people on the short bus could appreciate so I have to share it all around. I think we need to start a cover band called "Stop Me If You've Heard This One." OK, it might be funnier in my head, but when has that ever stopped me from sharing funny ideas? Yeah, as soon as that phrase popped into my head I knew it had to stay. I crack me up...! :D

 "Now I'm being offered cock hand over fist, no pun intended...;)" Well, this is CERTAINLY my favorite statement of the day. . . *still laughing*

 So much for the G rating today... ;) I knew that Douglas Adams and I were kindred spirits. I just didn't realize why until this lunch time. OK, so we have similar senses of humor and all that, but when he said this, it reminded me of what I've been saying to people all week. I have to make my life as difficult as possible. I don't know why; that's just how it is. This is what he had to say about writing Hitchhiker's Guide in and Interview with the Onion A.V. Club (found on page 164 of TSOD). "And if ever there was and easy way of doing something, I would find a much harder way to do it." Some of us just can't take the easy way out no matter what. And now you're thinking, Jesus God! Isn't she ever going to finish that book? She's been reading it for more than 3 weeks and she's not even to page 200? What the hell is going on? I thought she had a degree in English Literature. Doesn't that mean she should be able to read more than 175 pages in 3 weeks? How many people did she have to sleep with to graduate? And how worn out was she when she graduated from grad school? No wonder she loves sleeping so much! The answers are, respectively: no, I'm never going to finish this book. I don't know why, but I lose interest in it, pick it up again, read something funny, share it with you all, and then lose interest again. I hope one day to reach page 299 (the official end of the book), but the odds of that happening between now and this weekend, when I take the book back to my parent's so they can return it to their library, seem to be slim to none. So, apparently, no, I can't read more than 175 pages in 3 weeks. How many people? One, I think, but I can't remember. It was the beginning of a dry spell that held out until just recently, actually. Now I'm being offered cock hand over fist, no pun intended...;)

 Em, that is a beautiful dress! When you said you'd found a style you liked, I thought you meant for the bridesmaids dresses (completely narcissistic of me apparently;). I love that gold trim. It's just gorgeous! And I got my invite to the engagement party. It's somewhere in my car, though. Can you email me the details so I can put it in my calendars so I don't lose it? I know, I could go out and look in the car, but I think it might have made it into the house and I'm doing a really good job of losing mail these days. I think it has to do with losing my mind, but that's just a hunch... Oh, but if you could email it to me, I can have it in my yahoo calendar AND my work calendar and then I'll get reminders all over the place. I know I'm a pain in the ass. It's my job. But hey, at least I'm not crying, right? ;) On that subject, I made an interesting discovery the other night. If you cry hard enough for long enough, when you finally relax and try to go to bed, your abs twitch for at least half an hour. Why was I crying that much? Well, it's what I do now. It saves on movie rentals, let me tell you. I can cry at the drop of a hat now, no televised drama required. It's very cool, really. Actually, I'm in a good mood today. I don't know why. The only thing I'm really happy about today is the fact that it's not Tuesday. And even Tuesday wasn't bad. It was strangely good. Hm. OK, I didn't tell you all about it. I knew I was forgetting something yesterday. Yesterday, I woke up 3 minutes before my first alarm went off. I laid there, waited, and turned it off when it started. I turned on the radio and the light as usual (amazingly, yes, I do often fall back to sleep amidst all of that distraction), but I couldn't fall back to sleep. So I laid there for 15 minutes until my second alarm went off and just got out of bed. It was 6:45 when I relinquished the bed to the kittens. I was in and out of the shower by 7, eating breakfast by 7:10, and out the door by 7:35. I actually got to work 20 minutes before I'm supposed to be here, so that's like 50 minutes earlier than I'm usually there at all (they don't even look for me until 8:30 anymore). I even beat Garry in, which threw everyone off because he's usually there 15 or 20 before 8. So, I sat down, did early email, and at 8:30, Garry (who got there at 8) and I went to the Library's all-staff meeting. There were doughnuts. We go just about anywhere for doughnuts. Then again, we're suckers for most baked goods, so there you go. We were some of the first people there, so we hit the breakfast line fast and hard, got settled at our table, and waited. You know, the thing about these meetings is that they really have nothing to do with our department. We're not in customer service and access, we're not in processing. We're the fix it people. We're the go-to guys. They don't actually give a rat's ass about us. So, we sat and listened from 9 until 11 and then skipped out when they gave us a 5 minute break. After the break they wanted to have group discussions about things that really don't effect us, so we came back. I did, however, start to write a story based on actual events. It's call "The Queen Gets A New Head: A Cautionary Tale." There's nothing like plastic surgery and Botox to let the little people know that, not only do you make 3 or 4 times as much money as they do, but you don't care that you do and will be self-centered enough to parade your wealth in front of them. The Dean of Libraries (a.k.a. the Queen) has at least gotten rid of the Carol Brady mullet, but it's amazing how un-lifelike Botox can make you look. I saw her try to smile. She had to stick her tongue out. It was frightening in many ways. Once I finish the story, I'll type it out and send it to you all if you want. If nothing else, it kept me awake and made me giggle to myself. Oh, so when we came back, I started to write a long email to Brian, in which I said a lot of things I want to say and can't send in an email, and then I had to edit it a lot before I sent it. I spent the better part of the afternoon slacking off that way. It was really fun. And since it was a long day, I was here until 6 and then went to swimming, where Abby and I did the whole deep water exercise class without the bouyancy belts. This may not sound like a big deal, but trust me, it is. Not only do you get the whole work out that you normally get, but you have to tread water the whole time and try not to drown. That's not always easy because it's water, and that means that waves come back to hit you in the face, especially since you're riding lower than usual because you don't have the foam belt around your waist. There were a few moments where I didn't think I was going to make it, but I did, and I'm glad. After swimming, Sarah came over and brought me KFC and we watched Gilmore Girls and Charmed. I figured out that the new Charmed is on channel 40 every week so if we miss it on Sunday we can still see it. Since Tuesday is also Gilmore Girls night, Sarah and I are going to switch our date night from Sunday to Tuesday. And then, when I finally found my way to bed, as tired as my body was, I couldn't sleep. I just laid there, muscles contracting and relaxing as I noticed I was tensing up, my brain spinning out of control. Needless to say, getting out of bed this morning was not nearly as easy as it was yesterday and I was here at my regular time. Wow. I'm talking a lot today. Hm. Oh well. :) I'm also downloading music onto my desktop from the Windows Media Player so that when I'm in the mood to listen to a particular artist or song, I'll have it. Ooh, I still need to go in and get "Baby Got Back." I think that's the best work out song ever. I mean, there you are, sweating and cringing and trying to tough it out and there's this song about how this guy likes big butts. It takes a lot of pressure off, you know? Not that we work out to get boys, but let's face it, maybe we do a little bit. Actually, I work out so I can be really strong and periodically squeeze the stuffings out of Brian. I always warn him I'm going to go it, too, so it's not like it's a surprise. We'll be laying in bed (fully clothed, you dirty girls; this is a G-rated blog [well, today, anyway]!), just cuddling, and I'll put my arms around his torso and lock my legs around one of his legs (like I said, G-rated) and SQUEEZE all of the air out of him. I don't know why I think that's so funny, but it really is. The number of things I see that way is growing. And I think that brings us up to today. I've given you more information about my love life than you wanted to know, you know that I had a day of being a morning person and I almost liked it, and that's about it. Now I'm ready for a nap. I'm so glad it's Wednesday it's not even funny, though. It feels like a Tuesday because I'm so worn out from swimming last night, but I get to go home after work and go for a walk around the neighborhood, so it's all good. I hope everyone has a good day!

 On another note. . . I have recovered from my bladder infection (or at least I think)- no more orange-tang-like pee- but oh well. Marshall's birthday was on Monday- we had a nice night- I made Chicken Marsala (it was awesome if I do say so myself) and a cake (which tasted good, but looked terrible!!) I found a dress style I LOVE!!! If you go to http://www.foreverbridals.com/gownpix.asp?Style=42205 you can see it. Jen- we got our pots and pans- the others are all yours. Also- I still have that stuff from Cara in my trunk- I need to hand it off to you when I see you next... Hope all is well with everyone- did you all get my engagement party invites??? Steph, don't know if you'll be able to come up- but we'd love to have you and Adam!

 Go get 'em sista- I put out 2 resumes last night!

 I'm definitely looking for a new job. I have had it!

 hey guys, i am going to our new catalog's photo shoot today so i will write more later. i've just been busy. i hope those of you grant street girls who were/are feeling sick are/will be start feeling better. i hope that made sense!

 Karissa, I'm glad Sarah is getting better and that it wasn't breast cancer. Now I know why Bob was wishing her luck on her "cancer thing" at the wedding reception. Nothing new here. Lisa and Ryan are home from their honeymoon. They had to drive all the way home because he refused to get back on the plane. I don't know if they had a good time or not. I haven't talked to them but Mom and Dad weren't sure when I asked them. I think I'm getting sick. My sinuses hurt, I have a headache and I'm tired. I used the leaf blower yesterday so that might have aggravated my allergies. It was my first time with a leaf blower and I'm sure I amused my neighbors. It was fun but very hard to control. The leaves were flying in all directions. We all need to get together and do something. Even though I've seen some of you in the last couple of weeks, we never really got to HANG OUT. I've been so busy being big sister and bridesmaid that I felt like I didn't really talk to anyone. Steph, are you coming home anytime soon??

 I think we're all falling apart. This is just crazy. Ok, so Em has a baldder infection, Cara has an eye ulcer, I'm going through a depressive fit (my left lower eyelid keeps twitching and my left shoulder is really tight), we all have IBS... I think Jen and Steph and Chris are the only healthy ones, and I'm betting that's only a matter of time. Well, Jen is pregnant so she has super antibodies at the moment, so we'll keep our fingers crossed for her. Did we tell you guys about Sarah's biopsy? She had a mole the size of a dime on her right boob so she took it to the doctor, who sent her to a dermatologist who then scooped out the mole. Well, when they got the results back they found out that the mole was pre-cancerous (dysplasia) so they had to go in and take out more tissue. So last Wednesday or Thursday, she went back in to the dermatologist so they could take out the rest of that tissue and some of the surrounding cells so that hopefully she won't have this problem in the future. I guess the doctor was really surprised when she got in there, though. The procedure was supposed to take 10 minutes. Sarah ended up having them scoop stuff out for at least half an hour. She has a five centimeter (2 inch) incision now. It's kind of cool. I saw it. They did a really good jobs stitching her up. There is a layer of disolvable stitches inside and then the outside stitches were done like the ones they do for plastic surgery, so she won't have a scar that's a line with little dots on each side. She'll just have a line. And really, it's not even going to be that bad. They did a really good job. I got to help her change her bandage on Saturday. Well, I got to see it Friday night when I went over after work to hang out with her (I skipped tai chi because I'm a naughty girl) and it wasn't at all what I'd imagined. When she talked about them scooping flesh out of her boob, I invisioned this huge valley. It's just a line. That's all. It's like when I heard about Abby's leg. I thought that was going to be like a 12 inch scar, the way they all talked about how big the cut was. but it's only like 3.5 or 4 inches tall. Anyway, she made it through, I think they are going to send that sample off for testing, and it's all going to be alright. At least it's skin cancer and not breast cancer. And it's not even cancer yet, so no worries. I just thought you guys would like to know. :) Plus you know how my inner second-grader likes to tell gross stories, so it's not like I could have resisted for long...;) Anyway, I hope everyone had a good weekend. Or is at least feeling better now. The sun is out now and I got a lot of sleep, so things are better here than they were. I cleaned my whole house last night (which takes about an hour so I don't know why it seems like such a monumental task) and changed my sheets and all sorts of things. And that's about as exciting as the weekend was. OK, "Baby Got BAck" is still as funny as it used to be. I love Windows Media Player...;)

 cara- i bought 2 bags of candy and not 1 trick or treater showed up. figures.

 em, thanks. i'll put it away this time! i don't think it's sappy you miss marshall. adam has been in arizona all week and i miss him like crazy. i've kept myself busy by shopping at the thrift store. 5 outfits for $27. i love the thrift store. cara- definitely gold tinsel, and yes put wings on him!!

 Cara- love the idea....DEFINITELY have wings... Steph- 812-552-1811 By the way- business trips SUCK...I mean, I got to see my mom and Anita- which is great. BUT I miss Marshall a whole lot (sappy, I know). At least it's a nice hotel room.

 I hope everyone had a great halloween or whatever. We ran out of candy half way through the night and had to turn off all the lights and hide. We finally left and went out for dinner. We felt sooo bad but we really thought 3 bags of candy would be enough. We needed at least 6! I've decided that my little christmas tree will have an elvis theme to it. Wal-mart has all these elvis figurine ornaments and I'm going to make a tree skirt out of a halloween costume. I just need something for the top. I wonder if I could find one of the elvis dolls on e-bay and somehow stick him up there. Should I put wings on him? I already have two elvis ornaments my parents gave me last year. One plays Blue Christmas and another one plays Burning Love. Any ideas for tinsel? I'm thinking about the tacky gold tinsel that we put on our tree every year at home would work well. Bob is actually helping me. I thought he would think it was stupid!

 i can't find jen's phone number. anyone have it?

 happy halloween/samhain! em- i looked at the dress from that link and it's really beautiful. good luck to you and cara on the job front (i hate looking for jobs!) i'm glad you found your tweezers k, i get excited too when i finally find s/thing i thought i lost. 2 weeks without seeing your man? i would feel down also. adam has been in arizona since saturday and i can't wait till he gets back this sunday. cara, chris, have fun at your concert! i haven't heard of that band. are they local?

 HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!!!! JOYFUL SAMHAIN!!!!!! HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!! Trick or treat: this morning as I was getting ready for work,I found my tweezers. The ones that I thought fell down the drain, that preempted the leaky pipe in my bathroom? Remember those? Well, I was getting dressed and decided that I was going to put barettes in my hair instead of rubber bands so I got into the linen closet, pulled out the Pizza Express cup full of hair ties and what not, and there they were. They have been under my lotion samples, deodorant crystal, fluoride toothpaste, and big rubber bands for nearly a month. I have gotten into that cup a dozen times and never saw them there. Today, the gleam of silver plating glowed brilliantly in the soft glow af 2 60-watt bulbs and I literally had to go call Sarah and tell her because I was so excited about finding them that I thought I was going to explode. I swear the faeries had them hidden and just brought them out today. I know I'm not the most observant person in the world, but I swear I looked there before giving up and buy a new pair of tweezers. My heart is full, my spirit complete. All hail the blessed miracle of the return of the hair-pullers! woo-hoo! It's the best Halloween ever ! Ok, so I'm exaggerating just a little bit, but I swear I really am that excited about it.

 I think my slightly anti-social behavior is catching up to me. Sarah just called in a bit of a panic because last night I called her to see if she wanted to go down to Lake Griffy and sit out on the dock and look at the stars and she didn't want to go because she was tired and I said, well, I might go, but as soon as I hung up the phone I decided that going to the lake in the middle of the night all alone was really asking for trouble and I have enough trouble so I stayed home and sat outside behind the big dead tree until I was too cold and had to go in. Then I didn't email her today because I didn't really have anything to say so she and Rob were just starting to get worried that maybe something had happened and that's why I hadn't emailed or anything and they were thinking that maybe something happened to me but I was really sitting here, just fine, spending yet another day at the computer doing data entry and the tallying finished treatments and sending them out to their homes (I hit a new high of 9 totes full of books going back to different places; my previous high was 6, I think). Oh, and just so you know, because I think it's kind of cool, since we started entering incoming materials into our database in late July, 1555 books have passed through my hands, and that doesn't even include the hundreds of pamphlets that go through here. I know, that's probably only really impressive to me, but I've got to tell people or they won't know how much we rock. :) Oh, so I worried Sarah and I didn't mean to and now she's coming over to the lab for a while because she has to go to some dinner and if she goes home she'll just have to turn around and leave again. I'll be out of here at 6. Until then, I think I have to play computer games. I'd do work, but by the time I get something started I'm just going to have to leave. And I'm unsupervised, so it's not like anyone is going to tell on me. If someone was here, I'd go to my desk and pretend to work and really just goof around straightening things and exclaiming at how I can never find things when I need them. It's a gift...:) Wait a second. I think I forgot to say why I was at home, thinking about going to Lake Griffy in the middle of the night. See, I was supposed to go up to Indy to see Brian last night, but Erica had the flu and I don't have the time to get sick or the energy to fight it off, so I stayed here. This is going to sound really weak, but it's been more than 2 weeks since I saw him last, and I think that's the longest we've ever gone without seeing each other. So I was a little depressed and lonely. Sarah offered to cook for me, but the thought of leaving the house was overwhelming, so I stayed in. I sat in the dark and watched a lot of TV, which helped, and eventually went outside and sat in the cold and regrounded. I feel a lot better today, so no worries. :) Anyway, I should really think about packing up and getting out of here. More later!

 Wellington....great! I'm looking forward to it. I really wanna go to a concert. I guess I should get some of their stuff. Guys, I heard the new PJ song from their new cd. It was not good. :( Now I know why it was previously unreleased. I know Ed's a mumbler but I can usually figure out some of the words. There was not ONE word I could understand! I'll still buy it though. "I'm in love with a mumbler.... His name is Ed.... He wants to go to bed.... At least that's what I think he said..."

 Monkey Boy- I would love to come up to the show- but alas, I'll be in NYC on that date...hopefully enjoying a Gray's Papaya hot dog or some other such NY food.

 Hmmmm...I'll be showing the video on 12/10 but my director and a couple of the docs wanna watch it next week to prepare. I dunno why, the residents dont give a shit anyway. This could get complicated and I dont want trouble with the Library Cop (remember that Seinfeld episode?) I'll check with some of the suburban libraries to see if they have it. If not, I may bug you again! Mm. Breasteses. Irene. Cara, come to think of it, you kinda do look like an Irene. Yup, the Shins is on like diddy kong. I got the tickets. Anyone else wanna come up to see one of the finest bands in America, the show is Saturday. 11/15 @7pm at the House of Blues.

 Ivana (aka Irene)- thanks! It has a train- I think about as long as yours was- I can't remember now- but I think it's listed as a chapel length train. The one I tried on fit well- though it might have been a little tight in some areas, it was big in others- and I've even lost weight since trying it on- so I think I'm going to order that size- and then the closer it gets- I'll keep having fittings and things you know....so I'll make sure it's never TOO tight...but can be altered. I'm hoping it will be pretty big- and then I won't really have to worry. The dress was kind of long with the heals I had on- but I intend to wear heels at least an inch taller (no more crinolin) and then they can hem it a little. It's hollow to hem- so even though there is embroidery at the bottom- it won't be a big pain. You should see though- she put these "enhancers" in top of my dress- I was all sorts of popping out...I mean, for one day in your life, I guess it's ok to have overly large breasts and flaunt them in a beautiful dress- but this was ridiculous! :)

 Crusty...I forgot to tell you that I really like the dress you picked out. It is beautiful. Does it have a train? The one thing I would tell you is to buy a dress that FITS. This may sound obvious but it took *3* people to get Lisa in her dress and she was uncomfortable the rest of the night. She could barely breathe! She would sit down and hear something pop. You can always get it altered. I think she really regretted not getting a bigger size. I heard that Indiana has the most people w/syphilis in the united states. Maybe the world. Mr. Littlebrook...Are we still on for the Shins or not?? I told the girls I couldn't do "girls night out" because I had a previous engagement.

 Title: The Deadly deception [videorecording] : with George Strait / a production of WGBH Boston for Nova. Published/Produced: Princeton, NJ : Films for the Humanities & Sciences, c1993. Description: 1 videocassette (60 min.) : sd., col. with b&w sequences ; 1/2 in. Notes: VHS. Series: WGBH collection Subject headings: Human experimentation in medicine--United States. Syphilis. African Americans--Georgia Medical ethics--United States. OK, what does George Strait have to do with syphilis. No. Don't answer that. I don't want to know. Mr. Littlebrook, I'll have to contact the media/reserve department and see if they will let me have it. I think if I say I need it for a class I can have it longer than the standard 2-day rental. Is there any way we can rig up two VCRs and make a copy for you? I know that breaks the law, but it might be easier than having to worry about getting it back in time. Then again, if I check it out, I can always go in and delete what I owe them. One of the few perks of being a librarian...:) Why is it that when I feel like crap "Baby Got Back" makes me feel better? I know I've been obsessing about that song quite a bit lately, but it was on that episode of Friends and it was so funny then that I'm in the mood to listen to it. It'll be another song soon, but for right now, it's all about the ass...:)

 Hey Ms. Beaverhausen, could you do me a HUGE favor? Can you check to see if the IU library has a video called "The Deadly Deception"? It's about the Tuskegee syphillis experiments and I have to show the video to our medical residents next month. Problem is, no library in Chicago has the video (3 copies of it were checked out in the mid-90's and never returned!) Anyway, if IU has it and they actually allow the video to circulate, would you mind checking it out for me??? I'll be in Bloomington this Saturday and can pick it up. I promise to return it on time in perfect condition. Thank you!!!

 Woo-hoo! Steph and I were right! And boy howdy is that nasty! Gross! Wow, just... eeeeeeewwwwwww! Geez, Chris, like your butt would ever look big! I'm so sure... I still need to see Kill Bill, but I have a feeling I'm going to like it. It just looks like way too much fun. We're going to see "The Rundown" tonight. It's already at the $2 movies. Sarah likes Christopher Walkin, I like the Rock, and Rob likes action movies (but really, who doesn't), so I'm pretty psyched. And just so you know, you know the fires in California? Well, they are literally on Sarah's street. Her parents were evacuated and everyone is safe, but they are living in a hotel now until the fires get under control. So far, we don't think their house has been hit. The keep calling the answering machine and it keeps picking up, and that seems to be a good sign. I'll keep you posted. Just keep your fingers crossed for them. She's just having one of those years. Did I tell you that she and Rob are moving up their marriage plans? He has really good insurance at his work and with all of their medical expenses of late, they need that. So, for insurance purposes, they are going to be getting married soon. They want and Elvis impersonator to marry them. I keep forgetting to suggest a trip to Memphis. I'd better email her with that while I'm thinking about it. Anyway, that's it for the pre-lunch thinking. Fooooooooood...:)

 Can't believe you didn't like Kill Bill...I'm almost hurt...it was so good. Radio was better- but in totally different ways.

 If you're looking for a great deal on a mortgage, try www.lendingtree.com. It's incredibly easy - you just submit your info and wait for banks across the country to respond. We were offered a 5 year ARM @ 3.75% but this was last summer when the rates were at an all time low. As long as the bridesmaid dress doesnt make my ass look big, it's all good. As told to me at Saturn Car Wash (we were vaccuuming out a minivan) by Bobby Vidalis, king of the goat roast and gangsta extraordinaire, "Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeet.....Squirrelene always gots nuts in her mouth. And no, I aint gonna buy you white boys beer tonight." Kill Bill sucked.

 I know. I was really quiet up there this weekend, but I needed some time with the rents to relax and recharge and get ready for the weeks to come. Plus I haven't really had the chance to hang out with just them for a while. We meet up places and visit the Housemans and all of that, but I haven't really had any one-on-one time with them. Yes, on my birthday we hung out, but that was really only for a couple of hours and then I had to drive up to get Brian and then back to my house to keep him hostage for the weekend. So it was quiet and fairly relaxing and all in all, very nice. I would like to go look at dresses with you sometime, though. When you have a weekend free, let me know and we'll see what we can work out. :) We'll collect Jen and make her go again, too. Now if we could just get Steph, Cara and Chris (though I'm thinking we need to find him a miniskirt instead of something floor length [it's better for his height]), and we'll have a party. :)

 Anastasia, glad you like it- thanks. Had I known you were in town- I would have called you- would have loved the other opinion- plus we saw a really cute style of bridesmaid dress that would be nice on everyone- and it would have been nice to get another opinion...you'll have to go with me sometime up there.

 Oh, and Mrs. Tinkle, I think you need to change your nickname in your profile to get it to show up on the blogspot page. It shows up here on the editing page, but not out there. Either that or I need to refresh my browser again. That happens more than I'd like...

 Crusty, very nice dress. This one I like. :) OK, Baby Got Back is the song of the morning. Again. "The girl is all about the ass!" It turned out that we didn't go to Indy. Steph was sick, Maggie was sick, and Joel was sick. Mom and Dad are going on vacation Saturday and they didn't want to be sick for it, so we just hung out in Indy. It was kind of nice. We took my viola around Indy to have it appraised and hopefully we'll get a good offer for it. Mom and Dad have been trying to get me to sell it for years, but I'm glad I didn't sell it before now. I need the money now; timing is everything. So, that's what we did on Saturday. Sunday Mom and I made cookies, Dad made me oatmeal bread, and we just sat around and watched TV and I did way too many word searches (did you know you can do those in your sleep, too?). It was a good weekend. Welly, I am more than willing to wear a sombrero in public. Do you have maracas to go with it or do I just have to shake my own? ;D I'm also going to guess that Squirrelene was a very naughty girl who could hide coconuts in various body cavities without breaking a sweat. Oh, but to get back to my parents, it was really funny because apparently we were all on the same wavelength this week. All week, I wanted vegetable soup. I don't know why (probably because I don't buy them on my own and therefore don't eat nearly enough), but when I got there, Dad had made a whole big batch of it. I even got to bring some home so I can have it for dinner a couple of times this week. But before I knew that, Mom asked me if I'd eaten yet. When I said no, she offered my Mac and Cheese. I had been having Mac and Cheese thoughts the whole way up from Bloomington. It was just weird. She said that Dad had been mowing the grass earlier this week and had thought to himself, 'I wonder if there's any dog shit out here,' and then proceeded to step in some. I think we all have our precognition set in the on position...:) It's just weird, wild stuff...:)

 This is VERY similar but mine will be all white. http://www.bridesave.com/search/index.cfm?action=details&product_id=7485

 Mrs. C- that's fine- seems that might be the case for quite a few- but we totally understand- it is a week before a major holiday. Glad you'll be able to make it. Steph- sorry you can't make it too- but I totally understand. Best of luck with the mortgage stuff, I know what all goes into it- when Marshall and I first attempted that whole thing- it was just so much to deal with, I couldn't do that AND a wedding at the same time. Good Luck! As for your question- no, no luck on the job front just yet. We saw Scary Movie 3 and Radio this weekend- both were good- but I REALLY loved Radio (with the exception of the fucker who ANSWERED his cell phone and proceeded to have a 10 minute conversation on it. On another note- Jen went with me on Sunday just to go dress browsing up at the Bridal Outlet in Castleton. I was looking for a specific gown I had seen online that they carried that designer. Well- they didn't have that dress in sample at the store- so I started to look around- and picked out 2 dresses to try on. The sales lady said that she thought I would really love the one particular dress because it flatters people who are short like me and built like me- she said it really accents the curves and accentuates the positive...well, I put it on and fell in love with it. I mean- I felt like my waist was just so tiny in this thing (which is all an allusion, but hey). Jen took a pic on her phone, which I will share- but she's having trouble getting it to send, so there is a little delay. But just to give you the details- it's white, halter top style. The front is a sort of a teardrop waste- and the front pleat splits into a V. The designer doesn't have a website for me to pull the dress off of, but I'll try to find something similar to post. It is NOTHING like what I would have ever thought I'd like, but I'm SO glad I tried it on....I think it's the ONE. Talk to you later..

 Ms. Beaverhausen, I was reading in Bitch magazine an article about the author of that book you were reading, Why Girls Are Weird. She sounds pretty interesting. Have you read her blog? I guess it's the truer version of her book. We went to the pumpkin patch today with all the kids and their parents today. It was a tiring experience. One day I want kids and the next I don't want any. Bob wants them so bad. He doesn't seem to notice the screaming, the fighting, the eye rolls, etc. Ms. Deno, I was going to tell you something but I forgot it. damnit. The future Mrs. Myers, I will definitely be attending your engagement party but I'm not sure about Mr. Cunningham. Since it's so close to Thanksgiving, he might have to work. I will let you know when I know what the hell is going on.

 If it's not what thing, it's another, I swear: We have termites. I'm freaking the hell out. We finally had some money and decided to go christmas shopping. We bought a couple presents, a tree, and some shoe for Bob. We come home and now we are worried that the whole downstairs floor has to be replaced. We lifted up the carpet to see the damage. It doesn't look like TERMITE damage is too bad (yet), it's just the floor underneath is rotting away on its own. Bob thinks the only way to REALLY get rid of termites, is to rip out the whole floor and start another one.

 I love this city. I hate this city. Fly away, you distorted lesbian seagull.

 Maybe they want every meal to be an event. Maybe they just don't mind doing dishes. Maybe they are just a little crazy...;) At my parents' house we would use paper plates, but at my place now, I don't even bother. I get a papertowel and a cup and eat straight out of the box. If I have company I'll offer them plates and things, but if it's just me, what's the point?

 We went to Pam and Larry's yesterday for pizza with the rest of the family. There was about 11 of us there, including Ellen's mom and sisters. It was nuts because Pam was pulling out the china, setting up centerpieces and lighting candles for freaking PIZZA! At my house, the pizza would be on the counter and you would get a paper plate and a plastic cup. I wonder what the hell these people think of me. This is the reason why I don't entertain at our house. Good lord. I got my flu shot an hour ago and I swear I'm getting sick already. THis is my first one and I was nervous as hell about it. I'm probably a hypocondriac.

 Em, you crack me up! You and Rob are so funny about that stuff! He won't admit to liking Disney movies even when he laughs his ass off when we finally manage to drag him kicking and screaming to the theater. We're like, geez, it's only $2 and 2 hours of your life.... When you said you were doing internship interviews, I thought you meant that you were looking for an internship so you could leave your job. Is it weird to anyone else that Em just did a really grown-up thing by running interviews? That's something adults do. No offense, I just never think of us as adults. We're... I don't know... not grown-ups....? And I think I would have had to beat that girl down on principle, if nothing else. Waaaaaaaaaaay back when you were in school... Yeah, I'll show her back in the day...;) And just for the record, when I was there (the year after you two), there was a food court, just not a cafeteria, though Wright did have the largest cafeteria on campus before they ripped it out and put in the food court. I don't know why I know that, but it seems like I read it somewhere, so it must be true... Dude, Em, I forgot to ask Sarah so I don't know about her for sure. I'll check with her and let you know. Did I tell you guys about dreaming that I grew a beard? Yeah, there's this guy who works here (that if he wasn't married, oh boy!) who grew a beard when it started to get cold. Well, for some reason I dreamed that I grew a beard just like his over night and no one cared. They were all like 'just shave it' and I was like 'no, it'll come back thicker. I want to go to that Hair Today Gone Tomorrow place they talk about on the radio all the time.' And I was just really distressed. And I looked kind of like Kevin Smith, though shorter and with bigger breasts... Just weird. And that, my friends, is why I don't do drugs....

 By the way- I'm going to see Matrix Revolution tonight...should be interesting.. for a girl that doesn't like sci-fi- I actually like this- but if you ask me that, or alude to it, in front of Marshall- I'll deny it. ;)

 Cara- sorry to hear about Ellen's dad- I will try REALLY hard to remember to send her a card (Karissa, I have her address too). Just to make sure- it's just you coming to the engagement party right (boob can't make it, right?)- what about your mom or Lisa? I haven't heard from them, which is fine- I'm just curious. Sorry that I've been sort of MIA for the last week or so- this work trip and now catching up is knocking me out. Chris- didn't go to NYC yet- that's next week. Vegas then NYC...gotta love that. Ok, I interviewed students at IU Bloomington yesterday for an intership program that I'm starting. This is a great resume builder for me- but I really had a good time doing it (barring the fact that most of them were so smart that I felt dumb). One also made me feel old. She lives at Teter and goes to Wright to eat (which is a 180 from what we did, remember Cara?) Which I relayed to her- and she said- "They probably didn't even have the food court in Wright back when you were here"... Um...yeah..ok- so they didn't....but "back when I was there"??? Yeah- it was 8 years ago- not 80. Marshall was so good to me when I came back from my trip- I missed him so much- and had been kind of crabby right before my departure (separation anxiety I'm sure)- he's been so sweet all week...I'm actually looking forward to going away again, because of the treatment I get upon my return. Ok- engagement party list wrap up: Karissa, attending with Sarah Steph/Adam- not able to make it Cara- w/o Boob Chris & Liz Jen & John right?

 Cara, give Aunt Ellen a hug from me and tell her I'm so sorry for her loss. Do you have her address? I'd like to try to send her a card. I know, my mailing abilities really suck, but your inlaws have made us all feel so at home and have made us part of the family, and I'd like to try to send her a card. And if I don't, maybe someone else will. What does an eye ulcer look like? I'd go search for one on line, but I don't think it's really something I want to see. I just want to hear what it looks like. Did the eye doctor give you ointment to put in your eyes or will drops fix you up? Do you have to sleep with a patch over your eye? When my Dad had his Lasiks surgery and his epithelium tore, Mom had to tape patches over his eyes so he wouldn't rub them in his sleep. She said it was kind of like sleeping next to a bandit, which isn't really a stretch of the imagination since he sleeps in the middle of the bed. The Mattress Avenger, into dreamland! I think that's where I get it. Poor Brian and my mom; they both spend half the night teetering on the edge...:) Yes, Baby Got Back is my current favorite song, but there are really lots of good ones out there. I don't think I've heard the ones you all have been talking about, though. I listen to WTTS most of the time and they have been over-playing the same stuff for a while now. Plus you know me and titles of song and musicians' names. I hear stuff and I'm like, oh, that's nice, I really like that, and then I just wait for it to come on again until I finally pay attention and hear who it's by and all that. I love the new BNL song, Another Postcard(Chimps), though. It makes me giggle every time...:) OK, so we'll say that one is my favorite...:)

 Steph....I like the Big Boi (I think he spells it that way) song too. We saw them on Saturday Night Live last week. I hear the Hey Y'all song on Q101!! Bob sings it all the time. "Shake it...shake it like a polaroid picture..." This guy at work has the cd and he says its really weird. The song after Hey Y'all is about how this girl's shit really does stink. He was going to let me borrow it but he never brought it in. :( Karissa...I thought for sure your favorite song would be Baby Got Back! Sick of it already? Congrats on the weight loss. I've got some bad news. Aunt Ellen's dad died yesterday. I don't know if you guys remember him from the Engagement Party. The funeral is going to be on Friday. Bob and I are taking off work. It only feels right since they've done so much for us. Even my parents are thinking about making the trip up. Plus Bob's other great aunt is dying of cancer. She lives in Tennessee and I've met her a couple of times. It was not a good day in the Cunningham/Rose family yesterday. When I told Bob that I had bad news, he asked "aren't you going to give me the choice of good or bad news first?" I felt horrible because I had no good news to tell him. By the way, I also have an ulcer in my eye for sure. Never sleep in your contacts, folks!

 OH, but most importantly, when I went to the doctor, I found out that I lost 11 pounds over the last 6 weeks, which is about 2 pounds a week, which is awesome! I'll probably put it back on when I celebrate with the traditional post-weight-loss doughnut breakfast, but I still thought it was pretty cool. Who knows? I might see 250 again. :) Hey, a girl can dream, right? Yeah, I rule...:)

 i like that new outkast. i also like the one by big boy (i like the way you move-i think it's called). but andre's song makes me happy, and i love the video. he's rubberman, the way he dances.

 Again with the fart references. True though. I think I like that Outkast song too, unless I'm thinking of something else. I like that "What the hook goin be?" song. And there is this other one where the guy says "awwwww skee skee skee skee." I dunno what it is, but it makes my left butt check wiggle. Ya'herd. Em, how was NYC?

 Oh, yeah. Favorite song? Today I hate everything, so I'll have to get back to you on that later....

 Do you ever get that feeling in the back of your throat that there's something hanging down? Not your uvula; that's always there. No, it's kind of like something right above your gag reflex. Or maybe it is the sudden awareness of your uvula. I don't know. All I know is that it's driving me nuts. I keep wanting to snort and snuff to see if I can get it to go away, but that's not really the kind of delicate feminine behavior the people around here are used to seeing me exhibit. The cursing and swearing are pretty typical, but I try to keep bodily functions to a minimum. At least loud ones. Because let's face it, when you have to fart, you have to fart, and it's always the time right after I've done that quite sneakily at my bench that someone comes up to ask a question. Or, if I'm working over by the book shelves, that's the time they walk by to get to the copier. It's so embarrassing, but it's also better than being in pain, so we just all pretend it didn't happen and get on with our lives. At least, they don't say anything. Maybe they are just afraid I'll do it again out of spite. Hm.... Weird day. Tuesday. I have a doctor's appointment I forgot about. Well, I didn't really forget. I just wrote it on my calendar wrong so I thought it was on the 11th at 11. Gee. Wonder how I could have made THAT mistake. Irony in the real world. You know how Jake (boss not nephew) fought really hard to get us clear glass for the windows? How he struggled to make the architects understand that we're not just being picky, that we have a reason for wanting things the way we want them? And he won, right? He finally got them to understand that slightly tinted grey glass would work just as well as the green they wanted to give us and wouldn't make us feel like we were working inside of a Coke bottle. Guess who now has a large shrubbery outside his window obscuring his view. It's very sad, really... :D

 Ok- get ready to make fun of me... but it's "Holiday Inn" by Chingy

 My favorite song of the moment is "hey y'all" by OutKast. What's yours?

 Cara, is the painting done on black velvet, by any chance? Because that puts in a whole other class of ugly/kitsche....:) Em, I feel your pain. Not only do I really miss Brian right now, but I'm all hormonal, which makes bad things worse and good things better. And I still don't know when I'm going to see him because he's so busy. Did you ever notice that the last letters of PMS can also stand for Mood Swing? That struck me last week and I'm starting to wonder if they did that on purpose... I went over to Sarah's house and helped her hand out candy. There was this cute little kid in a Care Bear costume! She was about 18 months or so, so she was still in that toddling stage, so she even walked like a Care Bear! She was just too cute! And she had a little heart on her butt like the real Care Bears did. I think that about made my night...:) Then on Saturday, the first day of the New Year, I cleaned the house and smudged it (so yes, it smelled like pot) and it's all good. The kittens were curious about what I was doing, but when I smudged them, they ran away and bathed themselves to get rid of the smell. Only Lulu came back for more, but I think that's because she really does have the long-term memory of a gnat and forgot she'd already been smudged once. :) Ok, I'm going to kill Art. He's one of our students, he's at least 65, and I'm going to have to kill him. I'm sorry. I just can't take it any more. He talks all the time, he does slip-shod work, and he drives me nuts, which on any day isn't a long drive, but today is especially short. I was taught to respect my elders and to treat them a certain way. This is one of the few times I've been tempted to go against my training and just bitch someone out. And he's here until 2. That's more than 4 hours from now. I'm going to have to kill him. Please say you'll all come and visit me in Lock Down. Maybe I'll plead insanity and just get to wear a straight jacket for the rest of my life. It can't be that bad. Sure, it'll make swimming hard, but you know, it could be worse...

 Bob and I are now the owners of what could possibly be the ugliest "painting" on earth. Grandma Rose went to Bob's dead Aunt Millie's house and picked out this god awful picture of Napoleon for us. Her house is full of antiques and we got this really large drawing of Napoleon and two other guys. The first thing Bob asked when he saw it was "did the artist use crayons?" I really wish we lived on a different street. She was so excited about it that we couldn't tell her how ugly it is. We had to take it home. She's already called us once to ask us where we hung it. My eye is bothering me again. Just out of the blue, it turned all red and it hurts. Luckily I'm going back to the eye doctor on Wednesday. I'm starting to think it's an ulcer because it happened so suddenly. I'm so afraid they are going to tell me that I can't wear contacts anymore. I'm very vain, I guess. Even though I did get new glasses. Even the lady at Lens Crafters hated my glasses. She looked at them and asked "how old are THESE? They are way too big for your face." My new ones kind of look like Jens. Bob had to pick them out for me because I was too blind to see. Emily, Mom says Lisa left her veil, tiara, flowers and birdcage for you at their house. She could only find three of the bridesmaid bouquets plus hers. She doesn't want any of it back except for the tiara and veil.

 Ok- I want to post a lot- I have lots of cool details from this business trip. But it's like after 1:00 am- and I'm exhausted... But I will say this- 2 cities, 5 days- two hotel SUITES. Good flights, Good food, Good people. Still managed to lose WAY too much money at the slots. On a bad note- I found out my grandfather is in his final days- he's been moved to a hospice center- so it won't be long. I guess I'll be heading to Arizona for a funeral soon...that kind of blows... At the risk of sounding REALLY selfish, I hope it doesn't happen in the next week. I don't know what we'd do if the funeral falls at the same time as the engagement party.... Ok..bed, I need sleep...talk to you all soon!!

 I think Steph has the coolest bond girl name out there. If you ever need a false name, I'd keep that one in mind! Nothing new here. Same old boring shit. The only interesting things that has happened to me (besides termites) is watching the aftermath of someone getting fired, finding out a male coworker waxes his eyebrows and being crowned "employee of the month" for July. Steph, what are you doing for Christmas this year?

 karissa- i hope everything works out for you in this situation. it sounds like you have things going at a pace you're comfortable with. just do what you need to do to make yourself happy.

 So I sent you all an email telling you that Brian rejected my offer of monogamy (Chris, I don't have your new email address so it got shot back to me; I asked Em to send it on, though I guess anyone can do it now that I'm talking about it here). Natty, my friend in England, just sent me a really supportive email and I wanted to share my response to her with you. I could be upset about things, but I'm not. Here's why. Love you all and more later. The soap opera is dying down a bit now...:) 'm doing ok, really. For one thing, if he had said yes right away, that would have just been weird. I mean, who changes their lifestyle on the basis of one email? I have said what I've been wanting to say for a really long time. It's out there. He knows how I feel. Something like this has to be his idea. I planted a seed. Now, I have to cultivate it. If it doesn't work out, that's fine, but I'm going to give this everything I have. I believe in the power of the universe, and just because my first offer was turned down doesn't mean I'm out of the running. This is going to take patience and time. And yes, I'm stepping back a bit and am going to be thankful for the time we have together. I just feel so relieved now that the pressure of keeping my mouth shut has been removed that I can hardly believe it. Oh, there will be good days and bad days, but that's what this is all about. You'd think that being rejected would make me want to cry, but really, I feel pretty good. Things have finally been set in motion. I'm not living in static hell anymore. The stasis has been broken. Now things can grow and change and find a better life. I needed to find my strength, and part of it was in finding motion. Right now, I can say 'all good things' and really mean it. Things can move forward and that is a blessing. It's kind of funny, really, because I've never been so happy to be rejected before. He took me seriously and doesn't want to lose me, and this is a good sign. I'm not going to give him 5 years of my life or anything like that, but this needs time to sink in and really take root. Yes, I suddenly feel like I'm dating a bean stalk, but there are worse things, right? ;D Actually, I think my faith in the universe has just been strengthened. This is how things were supposed to happen. I can feel the rightness of it. I know I'm on the right path, regardless of the outcome. I've been so miserable because I've been denying myself the power of action. We do make our own hell, and being afraid to do something isn't a good way to live. I don't have to live in fear anymore because I know that he cares for me and doesn't want this to end. He offered to try to spend more time with me, which shows me how important to him I am. I don't know how this is going to end and I don't want to know yet. The ride has just begun. This is a journey I think I'm finally ready to enjoy.

 Ok, this is one of the funniest sites I've ever seen. Talk about someone with a sense of humor, a digital camera and too much time on their hands. I'm going to be laughing my ass off for a good long time...:) http://www.emotioneric.com/ And if you like that, here's a place where you can find more sites like it. Steph, they even list wiggaz...:) http://www.taketoo.com/

 yeah, I know I already posted, but here's my horoscope for the day. If it's right, I swear to the gods that I'm going to buy a large pizza with everything on it and leave it out as an offering to them. I put out a cheese enchilada last night, and you know how much I love cheese enchiladas, so you know that was indeed a sacrifice. I know astrology isn't a science and that things rarely turn out like the stars indicate, but every once in a while, it's dead on. Let's just hope this is one of those times... "Today is a good one for any type of partnership, Karissa. Regardless of whether the relationship is personal or professional, you can expect good things to happen. At work, your boss may call on you to participate in an unusual collaboration. At home, your mate may be especially thoughtful and demonstrative. You radiate an aura of love and warmth, and people respond in kind."

 Well, my plan with Brian was to start a conversation that would get his mind thinking about our relationship and how being monogamous with me might not be a bad experiment to undergo. Then, he cancelled on me. Again. Around noon yesterday. And I was pissed. I had been mentally prepared to talk to him. I'd finally grown the balls I needed to say the things I've been thinking about for so long, to share the things that have been keeping me up nights and tormenting me in my solitude (yes, it's a morning for dramatic flare). And he cancelled on me. So, instead of doing this face to face, I sent him a really long email telling him what I have been thinking about. I didn't want to do it that way, but once I started writing and felt the release of actually saying what I've been biting back for so long, I couldn't stop. I knew that this was the time that this had to happen. I love him. If I didn't love him, I wouldn't care. If I didn't think this would improve the quality of both our lives, I wouldn't have said anything in the first place. It was time to take a risk. If I lose him, well, at least I tried. So I woke up at 6 this morning and couldn't get back to sleep. My nerves are wrecked right now. I stayed in bed until 6:45 when my second alarm went off and then got out of bed and got ready for work. I was here at 10 til 8. I even made coffee for the guys, though I don't know how good it really is. Jake said it is ok, but he might have been saving my feelings. You never know. If you have any positive energy to send my way, please do. I'm collecting it all in a bucket in my head. I think I have just about everyone covered. People are praying to different gods, we are all pooling this energy. It's going to thunder storm today. It's November and we had a thunder storm last night. Natty and I have been talking about weird energy that seems to be all around us right now. It's been building up for a while, now, and it just feels like change is in the air. I've had lots of positive signs about Brian and me being together. I have to trust in the universe. I need all the help I can get. It may not end how I want it to, but at least this will all be resolved one way or the other. Maybe not today, but hopefully soon. And we'll just keep everything crossed that this is the one thing in my life I'm guessing right about. I'm sorry to be so self-absorbed right now, but I can't help it. At least I'm fairly calm today. Yesterday I was practically chewing through my desk. If you don't take chances, you never get anywhere, right? If you don't risk losing everything, or at least things that are important to you, you can never gain anything of worth. It'll all be ok in the end. It'll work out like it's supposed to. Who am I trying to convince here? Me or the universe? :)

 Chris...I love the fact that you married Elizabeth 3 times. It's the sweetest thing I've ever heard. Weddings are stressful enough and you know you really love that person when you're willing to do it ALL over again. I bet you won't be renewing your vows for awhile though. I know Bob wouldn't marry me for a second time. Bob called after the Orkin Man left. He gave me two choices: A hole in the wall of our basement or a hole in the floor right next to the stairs. I chose the wall. I guess they need it big enough that a guy can regularly check for termites. I guess this is something we will always have to struggle with. There are other things that we have to do, like replace some basement windows and tear out all the shrubs that are next to the house. He also recommended tearing out the original floor. It makes me sick to spend so much money and just get laminate floors after having real hardwood. But we just can't afford the real stuff right now. Plus if we ever have kids, we're going to be screaming at them everytime they make a dent or mark. Bob's friends want to go to Disney World next year for vacation. 6 adults and 5 kids in one condo. I told Bob there was no way in hell that I was going. It does not sound like fun to me at all. I don't know how I'm going to tell them that I don't wanna go.

 Oh my god! Welly, that is so FUNNY!!! I can just see Elizabeth doing that! The embarrassment, the astonishment, the sheer siliness of it all....! Oh my god! I'm so going to laugh about that for the rest of the day. Sucks about the DVD/stereo system, though.... but it looks like she should be able to entertain people well enough on her own if you have the CD and a CD player...:) Cara, sucks about the termites, but until someone comes to assess the damage, don't freak out. It's probably not that bad, and if it is, well, it's just money. no on is going to die. When we were getting ready to move out of the Pleasant Lake house to move to Whiteland, some inspector guy told us we had termites, which was weird since our foundation was stone and cinderblock, but we had to have an exterminator come in and he looked around and what had happened was the crawl space under my parents' bedroom had a board in it and the board was crawling with termites but nothing was damaging the foundation. So, just breath and see what the people say when they come and look at it. :) tiredness.... sleep.... work.....

 I can now honestly say you can marry someone three times and still not know them. My wife not only knows the words to Air Supply's "Two Less Lonely People in this World" she also enjoys singing along with it at the top of her lungs in aisle 3 (cereal) of the grocery store. It was quite a scene. She also over-watered (understatement) the plant sitting above the entertainment center. The water soaked through the wood and dripped into the DVD/Stereo system. It go boom. I love that woman. Termites are pesky buggers. On the bright side, you'll now have some really nice hardwood floors. Matrix 3 was so much better than 2. Sometimes I feel like coming to work in a jock strap and flip flops.

 Steph, I liked it- but we went to such a late showing that I fell asleep like 3 times. I did like what I saw though- and I'd like to see it again. Cara- that sucks about the termites- I hope it works out ok. Marshall and I were driving around yesterday- just for something to do and we found this CP Morgan housing community and we decided to go look at the models- I think that's what we're going to end up doing. Some time in like May or June we'll put down the deposit for them to begin building and then it should be ready by the time our apartment lease is up the december after the wedding... Other than that, not much new here.

 cara-good luck with the termite/floor situation. termites seem to be a HUGE problem down here. that's one thing we'll have to be careful about when looking for a home. em-did you like the matrix? we'll be going to see it soon i'm sure. i liked the first one (and the second one also) so i want to see how they explain everything.

 hey everyone. sorry i have been mia. i just started a new job, with sprint indirect. it's nice b/c it is part-time but i am (hopefully) going to make mega bucks for the holidays. exciting news for me. now that my insurance situation is finally figured out i am finally able to go see the dr. so yesterday john and i got to hear the baby's heartbeat for the very first time. my little one was beating at 150 beats per minute which is very good. also the nurse was impressed with how well i have been taking care of myself even though i haven't seen the dr yet. so that was nice to hear. the only scary thing was they had to draw blood yesterday which i have never had done. but luckily the nurse was gentle when i told her that i had virgin veins. also had to pee in a cup so between that and when i had to do it for my drug test for work my pee and blood are floating around all over the southside. we go and see the dr again next week so hopefully we will be able to see the baby this time.

 karissa- i'm happy that your date went well! it sounds like you do have a lot in common with this "real cutey". :) that's a really good feeling to have when spending time with someone you're attracted to. i hope all goes well with your next conversation with brian. i'm sure he'll understand.

 Karissa, I am SO happy for you! This sounds really good. It's a shame that you only just went out last night- or I'd say bring him to the party tomorrow (which you still could, but that's a little intimidating). I'm glad you had such a good time- And I like his Charreada cheese ordering skills. Marshall has that one down too- it's a good feature! :) I'm also very happy that you said what you said about Brian. I know it will be hard- but there is no reason you can't remain friends- and if Brian sees you are happy- with anyone else, or by yourself- he will be very happy for you. But I'm glad he was able to give you what you needed for a time- and I know you learned a lot about yourself as well. I'm so happy for you!

 I got to the theater early and sat on the floor outside doing word searches, trying to calm my nerves. Every time the door would open, I'd look up. You'd be surprised at how many creepy-looking people show up to the $2 movies on a Thursday night. First, he liked "Finding Nemo." And he only fell asleep once, so that was a good thing. :) Yes, he really did fall sleep. It was really kind of cute. I was watching the movie, trying desperately not to make comments, and suddenly I heard this deep, even breathing coming from the right. I looked over and he was all relaxed and completely asleep. I giggled a little bit to myself and then started poking at him. Poke, poke, poke. Nothing. Elbow nudge. Nothing. Poke, poke, poke again. Nothing. But I did get him woken back up and then he was all embarrassed because I caught him. Hey, at least he hadn't started snoring, which is apparenty something he does with gusto. :) After the movie, we went to Charreada. I had to choose, so that's what I went with. He's not a picky eater like I am, so that made it really easy. The funny thing was that when I suggested Charreada, the first words out of his mouth were, "Have you ever had their cheese sauce?" I laughed so hard I almost wet myself! Those words would have been the next thing out of my mouth, too. When we got there and ordered our drinks, he even did the thing where he asked the waiter right away for the cheese sauce, which is something I learned you have to do if you want it there before the meal. Em taught me that, and I was impressed I giggled a whole lot more. I talked a lot. Maybe too much. I don't know. We talked about when we were kids (because I'm always curious about childhood memories) and all sorts of things. He is about 5'10", brown hair, hazel eyes, a nicely shaped beard, and he's just a real cutey! We talked about our cats. His cat, Leo, was a lot like Ada. Alex found him when he was about a month old and started to take care of him and realized that one half of his face was wet all the time. Leo had a hole in his cheek right where his saliva gland is so every time he ate, his face would leak. Two surgeries later, it still leaks a little bit, but since it doesn't seem to bother him, Alex just lets it go and keeps an eye on it to make sure it doesn't get any worse. We have so much in common it's kind of scary. Seriously, if I was thinking of something, he'd say it or something in the same vein. It was just wild! And good. And I think we're going to maybe go out again this weekend. He might be camping, but if not, we might go to a movie on Saturday night or Sunday sometime. But I think he really does want to go out again, so that's all exciting. And yes, this means that I'm going to end things with Brian. I love him, but he's never going to change, and I know what I want and what I need, and even if Alex isn't the one, he helped me see that waiting around is just wasting my time and breaking my heart unneccessarily. Which I think all of you have said or implied at one time or another, but you know me. I may hear what you're saying and know that you're right, but that doesn't mean I can act until I feel like it's my idea. I want to give Alex a real chance, you know? I have a good feeling about it, and it may just be wishful thinking on my part, but if I don't give it an honest shot, what's the point? So, all good things! Woo-hoo!

 DETAILS Karissa, I want DETAILS!!!

 What if he wears boxers with the assless chaps? Or lots of saran wrap? I actually don't have a lot in common with the guy I met in my driveway. He hasn't been to college, I haven't been to jail... just not a lot to talk about. Seriously, though, I have no idea why these people are suddenly finding me irrestible. Twenty-six years of very little action and all of the sudden I'm beating them off with a stick (boy, that could sound really dirty if you weren't paying attention). A little Barry White, a little Marvin Gaye.... Dude, seriously, I have no idea what's going on. Maybe it's the two eclipses this year that's throwing them off. I just don't know. I'll give you the run down in the morning, 'kay? I'd do it now, but I haven't been out yet. :) And why can't you invite Butross Butross Galli? If your dad likes to say his name, I'd think he'd be on the invite list...:)

 karissa-i hope you have fun tonight! em-i hope your engagement party goes spectacularly well, it sounds like a blast. your dad's list is hilarious. chris-maybe you can just wear the assless chaps on the way down there, and just change when you get there. ;)

 An In-depth look at my father: Ok- I sent an email to my dad asking for the list of people he wants to invite to the wedding- we're getting to that "narrow the list" stage- and I wanted to have it. So he sent me the list- which I won't bore you with- but attached this little "bit" at the bottom. I'll point out that he "edited" himself so to speak on the Mike Tyson part- he knew it would piss me off if he said it otherwise. But WHO is this funny man and what did he do with MY dad? MUST INVITES Andrea Bocelli [directions in Braile] Van Morrison [ have a scripture quote on hand] Luther Vandross [have lots of diet pills on hand] Randy Newman [have lots of Bourbon on hand} Billy Idol [have lots of sun glasses to hand out] Michael Huxtable [ no, not a Cosby character] Tony Bennet [ lighting is essential ] George Jones [for your Granpa Roy] You never know, one might just show up! NON-INVITES George Michael [free willy my ass] The Massachusetts Supreme Court [not that there is anything wrong with that] Butross Butross Galli [just like to say his name] Joey Buttafucco or Danny Bonaducci [see above] Warren Sapp [ reminds me of Sharpton without hair] Mike Tyson [one angry nigga] Bill or Hillary [both should be banned to the Baltics] AND THE NUMBER ONE NON-INVITE IS.....JACKO! nuttin no good eva come outta Gary Indianna!

 Chris, no assless chaps! ;) Oh, and I was revisiting the kids in the fountain montage from awhile ago- and thought I'd interject that Marshall and I have come up with names for our first born boy or girl- Boy will be Vincent Daniel and girl will be Lydia Jane. He wanted to use the middle name of "Alan"- which isn't bad- BUT- with his last name being Myers- it's difficult to come up with a name that doesn't spell something BAM, DAM, MAM, PAM - see what I mean?

 Karissa - Barry White is now the soundtrack to your life : ) What happened with the guy you met in the driveway? You ladies are heartbreakers... Em, what about assless chaps? Appropriate, or no? For god's sake, if a man can't go to Meijer for his monkey, where can he go?

 Ok- Chris- it's a casual party- I'll probably be "smart casual" but jeans and a sweater is fine (that's probably what Marshall will be in. Yes- we are on EASTERN time now...so we're an hour ahead. That messes with me. Karissa- good luck tonight- fun movie for a fun time! Just enjoy the ride- that's what it's for! My mouth is in a lot of pain- I FINALLY got the temporary crown for the tooth I had a root canal on 4 years ago. Then they charged you $500 out of pocket (after insurance, really)- why don't they just ask you to bend over twice...that's more what it's like. . . On the positive side- my name isn't Michael Jackson- and I'm not having to surrender...so, it isn't all that bad. Chris- by the way, just for the record- Meijer does not have monkeys

 It's time for the news. So, for some reason, last week I was really attractive to boys on the net. I never took down my personals, even when I stopped caring about them. It just didn't occur to me. Plus, it's kind of nice when you get a little message from a stranger saying that they think you look like a cool person. Yes, most of those people were freaks, let's not kid ourselves, but it was still nice. And last week, I got two very nice messages, one from someone who turned out to be a crazyhead (seriously, the fear of being stalked came into sharp relief) and one who seems to be very nice. Alex works at McCormick's Creek as a kind of ranger guy, he's 30, Dutch, has a cat named Leo, and is really a funny guy. We've been emailing for the last four days. Cara, remember when I started emailing SFB and I would be on your computer for hours? Yeah, I spent most of yesterday morning writing one of those monumental emails to this guy. I gave him my number, he called last night, and we talked for about 2 and a half hours. Lots of laughing and sarcasm and a few inappropriate comments here and there, and mostly it was a great conversation. We're going to meet tonight to see "Finding Nemo" at the $2 movies because he hasn't seen it and I think this may be the last night it's in the theater and this really is one of those movies that should be seen on the big screen first. He knows about Brian, Brian knows about him, and I am completely confused about everything. Alex and I are going to start out as friends because he understands that I'm in a weird relationship, and I'm really excited about that. He just seems really cool and understanding. But you all know me and you know I'm sitting here running every possible scenerio that could happen and a few that probably aren't possible. So I'm excited and nervous and a little weirded out by the whole thing. And since I've been quiet for so long this week, I thought I'd better speak up and give you the skinny. Cara, again, happy birthday! And I'm glad I'll get to give you your present in person, and so soon after the actual day! You know me and mail. I know you understand. :) And now, let's throw it on over to the weather....

 i believe indy is an hour ahead of chicago. indy is on new york time right now. i'm still not used to switching the clocks down here. it gets dark at 5!

 one more thing - is Indy an hour ahead of Chicago??

 Ladies.... Em, sounds like you had a great trip. Hope it makes your job a little more tolerable! Karissa, hang in there...when in doubt, read the section on Love from The Prophet. Steph and Cara, booya. Hey, I'm an engagement party novice - do I need to wear a tie or dress pants or...?

 Hey Cara- I just wanted to "publicly" tell you that I'm SO sorry for forgetting to send your card and not calling on your birthday. I feel just terrible about it (ask Karissa, I've been freaking out to her). I saw Jen last night and she said she'd had a really great conversation with you on your birthday. Besides making me feel guilty for not calling- I was so glad to hear that you sound so happy. She said you've been busy with baby shower planning! That's great! I so wish I could help more- but between work and wedding planning I've been swamped. Though honestly, after the engagement party is over this weekend, it will settle down quite a bit until after New Years. So whatever you need for me to do- if you need me to coordinate a location or whatever....give me a call, or email or whatever...I'll do whatever I can. Again- sorry about your birthday- I miss you! Hope it was fun!!

 Hey Miss Employee of the Month! Or is that Mrs? Just wondered how everything is- you must be busy! I'm assuming that it will just be you this weekend- not Mr. Cunningham. Even if he can come- we have plenty of food. You guys should see my refridgerator. We spent like $150 last night at the grocery store....All I can say is ya'll better eat!!! I'm just hoping his aunt will come through with the cake like she said she would ;) Hope everyone is well!

 Alright- here's a warning: THIS MAY BE A LONG POST Ok- last Wednesday I flew to Las Vegas for a marketing conference with my company. Being a global company, we had people come from all over- New Zealand, Australia, the UK, etc. So many wonderful accents! It made me a feel alot better about the company I work for too. First of all- we checked in and I had a suite in the Forum Towers. Let me just say that I was NOT upset about it. Jacuzzi tubs on a business trip are never a bad thing. I also had a decent view of the strip. The food was amazing- we at at OPM in Caesar's the first night...god it was amazing...Vegas was so much fun- but I have a gambling problem (not as bad as Monkey boy though). Let's just say I nodded off at a slot machine- not one of my proudest moments. Then Friday morning I was off to NYC. Staying in the lower west side of Manhattan in the Skyline hotel. I had booked this about 3 months ago- and had originally got the room with one double bed- just your normal room. Well, I get there and the lady says that they are out of those rooms- so they'll have to put me in a suite. Um, ok- who's going to complain about that? (this is what I actually said)- she says "you'd be surprised how many people complain. Dumb asses. Went to the antique shows on Saturday- they were really nice shows with lots of wonderful pieces. Then Anita and I had lunch and headed off in a cab to battery park- to catch the Staten Island Ferry. On the way,much to my surprise, we passed Ground Zero. Let me just say that I was speechless. Anita was in the middle of talking, and I had to stop her because I was dumb founded. You can't imagine what a gaping hole in the city it is. It almost made me cry. Thank god we were in a cab and moving by quickly, or I would have. We walked through battery park and all the briefcase vendors attacked us. "Sunglasses, lady- for you, I give you good deal". "Purses- Louis Vitton, Gucci- good price". Jumped on the Staten Island Ferry to ride past the lady of the Bay- the Statue of Liberty. It is pretty overwhelming too- when you think how many "new" americans pass it all the time. The ferry was filled with people from all different countries taking it in and talking about it. From there- we went to wait in the GOD AWFUL line at the Empire State Building. I will NEVER do that again- 4 hours in a lines in human herding, 30 ppl in an elevator, to more lines, then it's SO freaking cold outside you spend 5 minutes running around snapping pictures and then wait in MORE lines to go back downstairs....jesus. I've already told Marshall that when we have kids, HE is taking them up there- I'll go shopping. Speaking of shopping- i saw the BEST t-shirt at a kitschy souvenir shop- It was black with white writing and said simply "Fuck You You Fucking Fuck". That is now what I'll say under my breath when someone pisses me off- and that's FUUFF for short :) Sunday I left- and I HATE JFK airport. The signs are misleading and people end up walking in the bowels of the airport. It's not fun. All in all a good trip- though heart-wrenching, the best part was witnessing Ground Zero- I've wanted to go since 9/11- and though I didn't walk up to the site, it was something I needed. Hope everyone is doing well! Can't wait to see a lot of you this weekend at the party. Steph- wish you could be here- hope to see you around Christmas!!

 i like that name too! i'm not sure if i will be able to come up for christmas. i used up all of my payed time this year, so if i can come up then it won't be as for long because i can't go too many days without pay. i still need to figure this out. aaahhhh! em- where was your trip?

 Steph- Marsh and I are going to Evansville with his family- should be nice. What about you? Jen- that's so excited, of course I heard it last night- but it's still exciting! This is probably the last time I'll get on here until the weekend so: HAPPY THANKSGIVING!

 hey guys just thought that i would let everyone know that i have registered for baby stuff at Babies R Us and Target. Most of the stuff from Target you can't get online b/c it is onies and stuff like that but most of the items from Babies R Us can be accessed online. We go in 2 weeks for our sonogram so I am really excited about that. We got to hear the heartbeat yesterday again and it sounded so good and strong.

 is anybody traveling for thanksgiving?

 hey guys, i wasn't talking about 80 being cold!!! that's perfect weather. :) it was in the 30s last night and the night before. it was just a sudden change, which growing up in indiana i am certainly used to, just don't like it. but luckily i don't need a portable heater in my apartment! that's cool you guys want to come to new orleans! you definitely have to try the mardi gras thing. yeah, there are a lot of people, but just AVOID THE QUARTER on your first mardi gras. we've learned to stay uptown or midcity to watch parades and if you do go to the quarter only go when you don't have to drive. disney world with a bunch of kids that aren't mine in a condo doesn't sound like fun also. i wish i had a bunch of money to just travel around.

 Bob and I were just talking about going to New Orleans too! I won't get vacation until at least April. We were watching something on TV and it made us want to go back. Of course I want to go EVERYWHERE.....except Disney World with 5 kids and sharing a condo. Steph, I don't feel sorry for you at all. I live in a drafty old house. I got a portable heater for my birthday. I vote for small gifts all around. I'm not sure how we would pick a name if we're not all together. Would it be a secret thing?

 Steph- sorry, but I SO can't sympathize with 80 being cold!! :) Marshall and I were talking to his friends who go to Mardi Gras every year- and we really want to come down to LA. Not so much for Mardi Gras- but just some time... Yeah, so far we are registered on Target and Pier 1. I think we might register at Linens N Things too- but we haven't quite made it over there. :) Thank god for electric blankets. It was so cold last night. And I think Luna is in heat. She NEVER makes a sound and was "crying" all night long. Hey- do you guys just want to get small gifts all around, or do we want to do the pick a name thing?

 it's so cold here! i know, 35-40 is nothing compared to what you guys are having, but it was 80 yesterday. i have really been spoiled with the warm weather. i forgot what is was like to constantly have goose bumps. :) em-i don't remember, do you have a registry online or anything?

 As far as I know I'm available for anytime in January. Glad you liked the present. I was sorta nervous about it. Nothing new here. Is it snowing there? We have flurries!! Steph, I saw that it was like 50 degrees in Louisiana. Wish I was there! Gotta go. Lunch time is over.

 Hey guys- I just wanted to say thanks SO much for coming to the party. I will be sending out REAL thank you notes- but all of you got really great gifts and I REALLY appreciate it. Steph, I wish you could have been there- you were the one thing missing! :) It was a CRAZY busy day that totally went by in a whirlwind, but it was fun too. Karissa, WHERE did you get that vase? It was gorgeous! Jen- you outdid yourself, the cake knife/server is PERFECT. I was so afraid that I wouldn't find one that Marshall and I both liked, and you did a GREAT job. Cara- we LOVED the S'mores maker- it ROCKS! I can't wait to go out and get all the stuff we need to fire it up! Chris- Thank you so much for the towels- we were so excited to see "purchased" on our Registry after we opened them up. Those go in "my" bathroom- so you made a good choice!!! Thanks again guys- I had fun- sorry I wasn't able to give more one on one attention- but I'm sure that you all understand! Can't wait to see you again soon. Do you guys want to do a holiday get together in January at our place (we'll be in the new apt. then)?

 http://www.kucinich.us/dk.html You GOTTA watch this...warning: very anti-bush- but OH MY GOD. Talk about naming names. Whoa.

 Cara-I can have a list to you by than. My count is around 15-20 people, but I will have it definate but than. I don't think that I could cook that many cookies. Alot of them would be ending up in my belly and than I would be sick. Em-my sonogram is next week. Wed the 10th. I can't wait to finally see what this little kicker is starting to look like. I should also know for sure if they are going to change my due date than or not. The doc thinks that since I am still carrying small (even though I think my belly is big) that they might have to push my date back by about 2 weeks. Em is right not really snowing right now but they are thinking that for rush hour traffic tonight that all the rain/snow will refreeze and make the roads fun fun fun to drive in.

 Jen- that sounds about as bad as my bad day on Tuesday! Sorry you went through all that! Glad it worked out and that you are starting to feel better. When is the sonogram again? Cara- you will be crazy baking! Thank god you got the cookie baking gene from your mom (or so we hope). That's a lot of cookies! 228 to be exact! Hey- shoot me an email with the "theme" for the shower- let me know what you need me to do. It was snowing this morning pretty good- but now it's just a light flaking...kind of like dandruff really.

 Glad you are feeling better, Jen. Do you think you could bring a list of names you want to invite to your shower at Christmas? I now have a THEME and know the perfect invitations but I need to know how many to buy. Somehow I have gotten myself into a cookie exchange, which I have never heard of until last night. I now have to bake 9 dozen cookies before the 19th!! Karissa, I forgot to tell you that your nephew story was the cutest thing I've heard in a long time. Is it snowing down there??

 You ever have one of those days?? I think that I am having one of those weeks. First I start feeling kinda of yucky on Monday and by Wenesday I have a full fledge cold. And being pregnant I had to suffer all day Tuesday until I could talk to the Doc and find out what I could take to help stop the snot faucet. So to cheer me up on Weds. John brought Sosa over to visit. John even decided to stay the night. So all was well I finally had medicine in me, wrapped up in my favorite blanket with my extra heater (i.e. John) next to me until BAM 4:30 in the morning my little Sosa decided he had to go pee! I find myself with an excited dog on top of me and my glasses on the floor and broken! Sosa knocked over the table that I had my glasses on. Poor guy has never quite figured out how to coordinate his body to all go in the same direction. But wait my saga continues... I think that on Thursday morning I can go to Lenscrafters and get my lenses popped out of my glasses and put into new frames (my mom has been able to do this before) but alas that was not going to be my fairy tale happy ending. No for me I had to go and get an eye exam b/c my glasses were 2 years old than by new frames and lenses. Luckly John got paid b/c well I haven't for the last 2 weeks (my boss is lazy and I am going to have to complain to Kelly Services b/c he isn't turning in my timecards) and I would still be walking around blind as a batt and luckly he also had the day off to drive my blind pregnant butt around. Remind me to never take a smart ass with me when I go glasses shopping next time. While we were looking for new frames trying to find cheap but modern looking (read as close to what I had before as possible) he kept telling me that I should just tape up my broken ones. So to end my sad tale I have new glasses that I love (I think that after all these years John has finally gotten some taste b/c he picked them out and I really liked them), a knight in tarnished armor that has saved his damsel in distress (until I can pay him back), and most importantly even though I still don't feel the greatest the snot faucet has stopped!!!

 Steph- thanks for the thoughts- I'm sorry you are sick- being sick does suck! Chris- thanks also for the thoughts- you guys are all such great friends. Will we see you at the January Christmas celebration? How was Meh-hee-ko? Eaten alive by mosquitos or no? Hope it was warm!! Sucks to come home to this, huh? :)

 hey em, been in Mexico for the past five days...just wanted to echo everyone else and let you know that I'm thinking about you and your family.

 em- i just read the posts from earlier this week (being sick sucks). i'm really sorry to hear about your grandpa. i hope you and your family are doing ok.

 Thanks guys- I'm doing ok. The water heater was fixed last night- but because they filled it with cold water- we couldn't get it to heat up last night- so it's hot today though. I am just working from home today- my eyes are kinda swollen from crying- but otherwise, I'm doing ok. Even though he was a butthead in the morning- Marshall was very sweet to me when he got home- and even took me to the Greek restaurant for dinner... So today, I work a little and cuddle with the kitties...Luna is actually out and about!

 Em, I'm sorry about your grandpa, too. I'm going to ditto Cara on if you need anything, just yell. If you need someone to go up to Elkhart with you, I'm up for that drive. Just say the word. At least once the water heater is fixed you can take a nice long hot bath. In the mean time, curling up in bed is never a bad idea. It's the safest place I know. Just take it easy and keep us posted. Love you, hun. Hang in there.

 Ok- now I have to vent. As if today wasn't fucking bad enough- starting the morning off with a fight, then my grandfather dies- and now the goddamned water heater is out and I have to deal with fucking maintenance guys coming in and out. All I want to do is curl up in bed and cry and take a nap until my husband to be (who now is sorry and feels bad for me) comes home and tries to hold me and make me feel better. I just want this day to end.

 Thanks Cara- sorry that was such a short post. I'm doing ok- just sad really. I knew it was coming- he wasn't doing well- but when the news it, well, you know. I'm at home now- after I made that post I said a few rather incoherant ramblings at work and decided to come home. My boss is out of town- I emailed him and told him the scoop, his father is dying too- so I'm sure he'll be understanding. There are going to be two services: one in Arizona and one in Elkhart- I'm only going to the one in Elkhart- don't know when it is yet.

 Em....I'm so sorry to hear about your grandfather. Are you going to the funeral? Maybe your boss will let you home early. If he's on vacation, go anyway! I'm sure he would understand. Let me know if you need something.

 Just wanted to let you guys know that my dad just called me and my grandfather died today. I hate that I'm sitting at work crying...this sucks.

 So glad I'm not the only one PMSing around here! I'm in the middle of throwing a mental tantrum. That's very different from a temper tantrum because no one else has to listen to it. Mostly I'm just pissy and want a hell of a lot more chocolate than I have here. I may have to run to Marsh to get some. I have to get a gallon of milk anyway, and I feel silly writing a check for $2, so I'd better buy a lot of candy. Tressa just told us this story about how a goat ate her ice cream at the zoo and her parents thought it was really funny so they took a picture of her while she was crying. Parents are weird. I'm being a slacker this morning. I just want to play computer games. I think I've hit post-holiday apathy. And I'm pissed that Alex fell off the face of the earth. I went in and deleted the few emails I had from him and erased his file from my yahoo account. [Chris, when you read us complaining about men, please keep in mind, we're talking about those men, not you. We love you. :)] And it's Tuesday. F*cking Tuesday. Why are we all not home in our beds, borrowing under the blankets and pulling pillows over our heads? Stupid Tuesday. Ok, enough bitching. Well, for the moment. We should all have ice cream. Now. And chocolate. But not chocolate ice cream. That just wouldn't be right.

 Men can be so goddamned pig-headed! (Sorry Chris- ok, so can women) Sorry- had a rough morning with Marsh. Cara- I TOTALLY understand that feeling- they don't get it- but I do. I was pissed last night because I cooked this whole dinner (including mashed potatoes from REAL potatoes) and then he decided he wasn't going to eat just then...until I threw a fit....grr... Jen- don't know if you'll see this today (if not I'll call you later anyway)- but hoping you guys can come over for 24 tonight. Steph- it would be SO good to see you.

 Steph, does this mean you'll be around in January??!! That would be the best Christmas present of all! Your presence is present enough! My parents have no idea where they are moving to. Just somewhere that doesn't have snow. I'm totally PMS-ing. It's so bad that I'm sulking because my husband went to go play video games with his friend and not spend time watching me sleep. Which is what I would totally be doing if he was home. I can barely keep my eyes open and it's only 10!

 jen-i'm going to email you back, i promise! i'm glad to hear things are going so well with you.

 hey girls and guy. i've been pretty sick so i'm trying to sleep it off. this is the worst possible time for me to get sick. karissa, keep ordering online, i count on people like you for a nice paycheck! :) if i get to see you guys that would be totally cool, no one has to buy me anything. i would just love to hang out. hopefully i can find or make something cool for ya'll, but i really don't need anything, just to spend time with you. cara- where are your parents moving too?

 I can say that I've bought 2 of ya'll's (is that even sort of correct?) gifts and both were right at $15 each. So- I say- let's keep it around $15 and definitely NOT over $20. Also- just FYI for anyone- even though it's not technically for this- you can totally pick something off of my registry if it makes it easier- and I'll speak for Jen (since she said this to me the other day)- you can do the same for her on her Babies R Us or Target registry- she really wants the baby stuff. Just a few more months until the Grant Street Girls is passed to a new generation! How exciting- we're all going to be aunts!!!! (that's especially exciting for those of us who are not already). Cara- I think it's cool that your parents are going to move somewhere warm- I can understand their thoughts about Lisa- maybe she can just visit on her own a few times a year- and then they can see Ryan when they come visit in Indiana. I can say that even though I see my dad a lot less now (which is funny since our relationship is so much better now)- he is SO much happier in Nevada- so that is TOTALLY worth it. If the 9th works for all of you- we can just plan on it at my house- that way Karissa can drive to Indy- Cara, you and Chris (if he is going to come too) can just come to my place (Sig Others are welcome- we just won't have gifts really). When it gets closer we can all pitch in for food and just hang out. It will be cool for you guys to see my new place anyway (hopefully it will be actually "moved-in" to by then. Anyway- I totally slacked at work today- that's the problem when the boss is on a trip..yikes... Anyway....is anyone getting wicked gas in their old age? My love to you all :)

 I definitely cannot go over 20 bucks. That's all we're spending on Bob's friends. I'm pretty sure Jan 9 will work for me. Eric's birthday is that weekend but I doubt I have to make it. Anywhere is fine with me. I know my parents won't let you guys in the house with the cat smell and all. They are thinking about putting the house up for sale in the spring. They don't know where they are going but they definitely want out of that house. They want to move somewhere warm, which will break my heart but they deserve it. They are having second thoughts about that since Ryan won't fly and they are afraid they will never see them if they move too far away. I think that's a bit much but they are my parents!

 On Saturday, I bit the hell out of my tongue. It's still hard to talk. And every time I sneeze it takes me a minute to be sure I haven't reopened the stupid thing. You know, usually you bite yourself and it's better the next day. Not this time. It's bothering me like a loose tooth. It just feels weird in my mouth and I don't like it. So Saturday afternoon, we got the beads out so Jacob could string them. We have these old glass beads that my sister and I used to play with. He made me a necklace, which I'm wearing today so I can show Abby, and he was telling Mom all about it as he strung it. She told me more of the story later, but apparently he was sitting at the table with her and he started, "There is someone in this house that I love very much and who loves me very much and it's my Auntie Rissa. And this bead is because she's nice and this one is because she's beautiful...." and it went on and on like that, and I'm really kind of glad I didn't hear the whole thing because just having Mom tell me that little bit was enough to get the tears flowing. Then I think he got a little embarassed because he wouldn't tell me what all the beads were for, but it was still so cute that it made me tear up. :) They left for their house around 6 or so that evening. Sunday, we made turkey and dumplings, I mixed up some chocolate chip cookies, and Mom and I went to look at winter coats. I've had crap luck the last couple years buying coats off the net and out of catalogues and I never get one that's heavy enough so I'm always having to wear at least one extra sweater or hoodie to get through the winter without freezing. Well, I'm tired of it. It's time to get a new coat, one that's going to last me more than one winter and that won't leave me freezing. So we went and looked at coats and I found one that I love, but I need it in one size bigger than the store carried it. So I'm going to go online today and see if I can't find it, or something comparible, in the same style. I know it kind of defeats the purpose, but at least now I know what I'm looking for. This coat was made out of fake suede and had a fake fur lining that was so soft! I couldn't help but fall in love with it! So, we'll see what I can find. :) The final event of the weekend was getting home, bringing in all of my stuff and finding a dead mouse rolled up in one of my throw rugs. That's right. A dead mouse, who had obviously been eaten by one of the kittens. I felt so bad for him! I threw him into the dumpster before I realized I could have buried him in the back yard and now I feel bad for throwing him away. But I complimented the kittens on their hunting ability because I didn't know what else to do. I gave them some wet food as a reward, and also as a bribe so they would forgive me for being away for so long. It sounds like everyone else had a pretty good extended weekend, too. Thinking about Christmas, I was thinking more along the monetary lines of $10-$15. I know that I don't have a new extended shopping list or anything. I'm just broke. I'm going to be starting my online shopping spree very soon. Thank the gods for the net! Anything not to have to leave my house. :) I don't really care where we meet up or when. I have no life, so just let me know where I have to be and when I should get there and what I should bring, aside from presents. :) Of course I'm thinking of food here. It's Monday morning and I want chocolate. So, have a good morning and I'll talk to you all later! KJT:)

 Hey Cara- I know about the holiday stress- it SUCKED not being at home at all for Thanksgiving- on the other hand- we had a GREAT time with his family- so it was sort of worth it. We are driving to PA on the night before Christmas eve and we have to drive home ON Christmas because Marshall has to work on Friday. Then we are driving to Evansville on New Year's Eve and driving BACK on New Year's day (again, because he has to work that Friday). My thoughts on Christmas: Though I totally wish I could buy for every single person (read: significant others)- I really can't. I was planning on being able to budget for the girls, and Chris. I suppose that some of the gifts could be dual-purpose (meaning his/her) gifts- but since my list of others to buy for this year grew so dramatically (all of Marshall's family too)- I wasn't really prepared. As far as amounts- I would say that $15-20 is appropriate if you (meaning, any of us) can afford that. However, good news- we decided to start a Christmas fund right after this year to take care of next year! ;) I stuffed myself at 2 houses too- first his grandma's and then his friend Matt's. I don't know about date's for Christmas- maybe the weekend of Jan. 9th??? And I'm offering up my place because Marshall and I will be at the new apartment- but if you guys would like to have it elsewhere, I'm game. That's my opinion.... Cara- I'm sure your hair looks great- can't wait to see it!

 Ok. I need to know about Christmas. When? Where? How much are we spending? Who for? I mean, are significant others (i.e. Bob, Marshall, Elizabeth, etc.) included in our Christmas? I really need to budget and plan this year. Any help would be appreciated. With that out of the way, I hope you all had a nice holiday. I stuffed myself at TWO houses this year, which is a record for me. We had a great time but I still feel bad about missing it at Whiteland. Don't get me started on Christmas. I cry everytime I think about missing it for the second year in a row. Bob says he'll do whatever I want to do but I'm really torn. There's the logical part of me that says 6 hours in a car is a lot, especially when your husband has to go to work at 6 the next morning. Then there's the emotional part that whines that it's not fair that I miss it two years in a row and this CANNOT become a habit! Finally got my hair cut. I don't like it.

 In between Valpo and Chicago? Um...Chesterton, Porter, Merrillville, Hobart, Hammond, Crown Point. That's all I can think of off the top of my head that's in Indiana. I don't know about Illinois. All I can say is....I WOULD LOVE IT IF YOU GUYS MOVED UP HERE. LOVE IT! I'll help you look! Just heard from my mom that Ryan is being laid off from his job. He'll have it until the end of the year. I don't think I'm supposed to know, so don't tell! He's looking right now so hopefully he'll find something soon. Bob's sister, Kristie, is being offered a project in DETROIT with Ford through her company. She'll be there for at least 3 months to set up something there. She'll be provided an apartment and a car. Mike is quitting his job and is going to school full time in Chicago. He might stay in her apartment while she's gone. Isn't that funny how he moves closer and she has to move 5 hours away? Larry and Pam are worried because she can't do anything and they think Mike will never propose. Never mind that they've only been dating 7 months and she lives in downtown Chicago by herself! Kristie thinks this might mean a management position later down the road which she doesn't want to do. I can't honestly seeing her as a manager though. If I were her, I would at least try it! Anyway, Bob and I had dinner with my boss and his family last night. His son played Take Me Out to the Ballgame on his armpit. I laughed til I cried.

 Chris- sorry about the work woes. What's the dilly yo? When does Liz leave? We'll be in our new place by then- hopefully with a mattress for the 2nd bedroom and if nothing else, a futon and a couch- so you can definitely stay with us if you'd like. And I know Marshall was excited when I said you might come visit- so he'd love to have you too. I'll be out of town the weekends of Jan 15-18(for work) and then 23-27(at my dads)- but you can come any other time. We are doing the Grant Street Girls (and Chris) Christmas at my new place on January 9th- if you can make that. Or the last weekend of the month. By the way- Cara and Chris- I talked to Marshall last night about maybe NOT buying a house here next year and moving up north instead. I think I almost have him broke. I would LOVE to be closer to you guys. We are thinking maybe South Bend or somewhere between there and Chi town (which what else is there besides GARY, and I won't move there). Chris- I'll just agree to disagree on Billy Joel. At least we share the love of Radiohead.

 Chris...You know Elvis is coming to Chicago, right? Tickets went on sale last saturday, I think. I was going to tell you guys something but I forget now. TWO MORE WEEKS UNTIL CHRISTMAS!! I think my parents are coming up here on Christmas Eve and then travel back on Christmas Day to see Lisa and Ryan. Pray that it doesn't snow on either day. They won't come if it does. Then I'll cry....again.

 ok all i have to say is that i am at the little kid next to me keeps listening to the same song over and over again. Think that i might have to kick him. I think that it is hoobastank but not to sure don't really care just super dooper annoyed. Love 1. James Taylor 2. Harry Connick Jr 3. Babyface Hate 1. Master P 2. Mariah Carey 3. Four non Blondes Update on last week. My week went from bad to worse. John and I were going to give Wrigley's litter to Petsmart on Saturday but before we did John brought them over so that I could bathe them. My mom decided to feed them some puppy formula that we had b/c she insisted that they have something to eat before they go to Petsmart. All was well until about 30 minutes after they ate. All 7 puppies started throwing up. Than we noticed that the runt was breathing well so John and I rushed her to a vet down the street and she ended up dying in John's arms when we got there. The vet than refered us to an emergency clininc by the airport. So we rush back to my mom's I give the clinic a call to give them a head's up that we have now 6 very six puppies. I was than told by the very nasty lady on the phone that they would only see the worse case ones and not all six. So I told her in so many words to go to kiss my big fat butt. While this was going on John called another clinic in Beech Grove and they actually took us seriously so than John and I sped that clinic and sadly on the way there 1 died and while we were waiting for the Dr to tell us what was happening to the puppies another 1 died. So we were down to 4 puppies who were all in coma's and faced with the decision on what to do. John decided to use all the money he had been saving for a car and try and save them. We ended up finding out that the puppies had been effected by botulism. It was a very touch and go weekend but 2 came home on Sunday and than the other 2 came home on Monday. So we were able to save 4 of the 7, but it was very sad and hard weekend. The good news is that all 4 of the girls are now behaving like nothing happened. Well accept for one she had a couple of seizures while she was in her coma so now she runs around in circles when she gets excited. But even that is improving. The vet told us that it could take up to 3 weeks but that any neurological damage that any of them have will more than likely go away. So if any of you know where I can place these pups into good homes let me know b/c I am going to be very selective on where they are placed.

 I did indeed roll. Did nothing for me though. sigh. i think i'm going to quit next week and go back to Children's. this place makes me ill. chick, seriously I need an indy getaway filled with libations and illegal substances. or just libations. liz goes home to malaysia for three weeks in mid-January, maybe then? I dont look forward to being by myself in Chicago buried under 3 feet of snow. au contraire mu frere. billy joel blows. plus, HE divorced christie brinkley?!? WTF? i gotta go to the crapper.

 Chris- just roll- it will be more fun. Having job troubles? Need an Indy getaway? Come stay at the fabulous hotel d' myerstobe- we'll keep the light on for you. I have do disagree with #2 on your list though Monkey man- I like Billy Joel. Elvis Costello just got married btw.

 If we're talking all-time favs and not just current ones, i'd say: LOVE: 1) Sam Cooke 2) Elvis Costello 3) Nina Simone HATE: 1) Celine Dion 2) Billy Joel 3) Steely Dan (if they are the ones that do that "get back, jack, and do it agaaiaaaian" song, then I hate them with a passion) I feel naked not seeing nirvana or guns n roses on there somewhere : ) I threw my ruler across the room today. I'm going to spend the next hour contemplating whether or not I should get out of my chair to pick it up, or just roll over there. Someone shoot me now.

 I changed mine to Rush too. I can't stand that guy's voice! I only know one Damien Rice song and I can't stand it. I hate all of Rush, so it should be number 3. Karissa, I actually really like Lyle Lovett. I have thought about buying one of his cds!

 Hey- cool news! I think we picked our Honeymoon site! I think we are going to the Lagoon Resort & Marina in Cancun. Brian's girlfriend works at RCI (timeshare) and they are getting us a condo there for $65/night! The flights for both of us are less than $750- and it's all-inclusive! I hope it works out- or I'll be mega-disappointed.

 This is hard for me because I like so many different kinds of music and never really had favorites.....but here we go: LOVE: 1.)Frank Sinatra (who doesn't) 2.)Stone Temple Pilots 3.)Luther Vandross HATE: 1.)Insane Clown Posse (I don't think I even need to explain this) 2.)Rush 3.)Bloodhoung Gang

 LOVE: 1.)Tori Amos 2.)Ani diFranco 3.)Barenaked Ladies HATE: 1.)Insane Clown Posse (they're clowns, and their music sucks) 2.)Lyle Lovett 3.)JLo

 Ok...Name your 3 favorite and 3 most hated bands/singers. LOVE: 1) Pearl Jam (duh) 2) Bruce Springsteen 3) The Who HATE: 1) Jethro Tull 2) Steely Dan 3) Rush

 I was sick most of last week, too. It started as a sinus infection and has now happily settled in my ears, which makes me happier than you could ever imagine. *eye rolling* But I went to the doctor and she gave me huge doses of meds to take for a while so I should be fairly healthy by the time Christmas rolls around. Not that it really matters since the Housemans will be in Virginia with Joel's family, but at least I'll be healthy when I nap on Mom's couch. :) What pisses me off is that nothing got done yesterday. I asked Polly to do a few simple things and none of it was touched. This is why I feel like nothing gets done if I'm not here. It doesn't. People are incapable of following a few simple instructions. I mean, I finally asked for help, you know, and nothing happened. And they wonder why I don't delegate more to other people. And of course my lack of delegating responsibility has currently backfired because we are missing a book. We were asked if we had something, I checked the data base for it, it's not there. Garry and I agree that it came in for some special treatment and I know that I set it somewhere, but I can't remember where, so we can't find it to let the people who are looking for it know what happened. And then I got sick so we missed another day of looking for it because I still can't remember where I put it. But I have to do a million other things to catch up from missing yesterday, so it's not like I have time to really look for it. Maybe I'll just call it a day now and go home. But on a happier note, I finally got to talk to Alex. No, he didn't call me. I was tired of trying to figure out what had happened, what I could have done wrong to make him not want to call, so I called him. And he was all happy to hear from me. And I asked him why he never wrote or called back. He's a little anti-social, which I can understand, and a little bit lazy. So after a certain amount of time went by, he felt it would just be weird to start writing, so he didn't. But now he would like to go out and do something as friends (he's also not sure about a relationship match up), so we'll see what happens. I'm not going to get as excited this time. For one, I'm too tired. For another, if I get my hopes up, the odds of him allowing apathy to sneak in will be greater and I'll just end up upset again. But I must say, I do appreciate the fact that he knew he was a jerk and was willing to own up to it. Now I won't have to hit him with a rock. Probably. :)

 Man, there is nothing new here. Nothing at all.

 You know how I was all worried about making 10 dozen cookies for this cookie exchange? Making 10 dozen wasn't actually that hard! I got them done over a period of two nights and I could have easily done it in one. Anyway, I was also worried that my cookies wouldn't be good enough with all these stay at home moms and supposedly great cooks, like Kristy and Holly. I thought if my stuff sucked, I would at least get some awesome cookies out of the deal. I WAS SO DISAPPOINTED. I got nine dozen back (minus mine) and we're only going to actually eat like 3 of them! One of them was so bad we threw them away immediately. One batch was actually the Nestle Tollhouse Slice and Bake that was passed off as their own! Kristy's cookies were good but Bob hated Hollys. Bill's mom, who Bob RAVES about her cookies, made this stuff that neither one of us liked. I was amazed! Christian (my new favorite kid) told me that he thought mine were the best with his mom's close behind. All the others were just normal chocolate chip cookies or cookies with hershey kisses in the center. I couldn't believe I put all this pressure on myself for THIS. I don't know if it's even worth doing next year.

 Nothing new in my neck of the woods. Just getting fatter and fatter day by day. It's wierd how when I stick my finger in my belly button that it keeps getting smaller and smaller. Also wierd how that when I tie my tennis shoes (yes believe it or not I still can) how much harder and it is becoming. My cell phone does this cool thing where you enter in a date and than it counts it down for you. So I entered in my due date(like I'm really going to forget it) and I have 83 days left!!!! Makes me scared and excited all at once. John and I went and saw the midnight showing of Lord of the Rings on Tues/Weds. John really liked it. I thought it was ok but than again I'm not really a fan. We also went earlier in the day and got autographs from Pacers Ron Artest and Al Harrington. That was alot of fun. John bought the baby a Pacer jumper and got the bib that came with the outfit autograph. Looks like wether I have a girl or boy I am going to have a little Pacer fan. The funniest thing though was that while we were waiting in line this older guy wanted to go in to the Pacer homecourt gift shop to buy something to get autographed. But instead of walking through the door he walked at a very quick pace into the glass window next to the door. He hit it so hard that it left a greasy forehead mark on the window. I laughed so hard I thought that I was going to pee myself. The bad thing was that I couldn't stop laughing. John didn't help me any b/c he kept looking at me and going "Boing."

 Cara- hey- that's good enough for me. I hate that ANYONE has to help us move on that weekend- BUT if you can make it, great- if not- yea for you! :) We'll be starting out at the current apt. at about 10am- and leaving around noon (hopefully). Same phone number (until you hear otherwise). I won't even be home on Christmas Eve- we'll be back on Friday the 26th- so just let me know whenever you can- and thanks for even being willing to help! I promise I will stop moving soon! Karissa- ditto what Cara said- though I know it's not what you want to hear. You could always be a lesbian! ;) Yeah- Steph??? Anyone Anyone?

 Em....I'm not sure if I can help you move that weekend or not. It depends if it snows on Christmas Eve or not. If it DOES snow, then Bob and I are going to Whiteland that weekend for Christmas with my parents. We probably both could help you since my mom works until 7 pm, unless she gets someone to trade with her. If it doesn't snow, they'll come up here and we'll probably won't come down. Unfortunately, that means I won't be able to tell you if we're coming or not until Christmas Eve. Karissa...Sometimes when you quit looking is when you'll find someone. Concentrate on yourself right now and when it happens, it will happen. Men do not make your life interesting. YOU can make it interesting. We love you no matter what. Steph...Hello? You out there? Chris...Taffy apples? Not caramel apples? I don't think I ever had a taffy apple. Wonder why that is....

 It might have been, just smaller and all out of proportion. And metallic blue. Hey, is anyone else having trouble getting the updated entries to load? I had to log into the editing page to read it this morning. It's still not loading. Maybe it's just my computer. Or my 7 years of bad luck kicking in. If you get the chance, go see "Elf." It's really fun and silly and you just feel good at the end. It's not a real deep story and the characters are a little flat, but it's so much fun you just have to go see it if you haven't already. I want to go again. I'm even willing to pay full price instead of matinee like we did last night.

 no- because it isn't a reflection of you.

 And just out of curiosity, do you think that breaking a shiney glass Christmas ornament will give you 7 years of bad luck, like breaking a mirror?

 Em, it's the family Christmas that day, and I don't think I can get out of it. Believe me when I say that I'd rather come and haul boxes than be surrounded by religious zealots. My Aunt Carol Harvey (not to be confused with her step sister, Aunt Carol Klink) and Uncle Cliff have recently found god. I think they are cramming before the big final at the pearly gates, but that's just me. They read those "left behind" books about the Rapture and were apparently scared straight. Hey, it works when they send juvenile delinquents to prisons, why shouldn't the church use scare tactics to get the body count up? Quick note: Jen, I'm going to ditto Em on the Christmas present thing. I'd rather have you spend money on the baby than a present for me. 'Kay? In my ongoing search for irony in real life, I have recently been hit again. I will preface this by saying that yesterday I took down my personals from their various places on the net. I'm tired of going through this crap and making you all listen to me bitch about the insanity of the world. I'm finished with all of that and I just don't care anymore. Oh, and this is going to be one of those complicated stories where you have to draw a map to figure out how everyone is connected, but I'll try to keep it as clear as possible. If all else fails, I'll make a flow chart and bring it to the Christmas party on the 10th. Emode has this thing where you can go in and look at pictures of people who have personals up and say if you'd be interested in meeting people or not. On Monday, I received a notice from Emode that someone wanted to meet me. So I looked at the profile. The guy in the picture looked ok, his profile seemed alright, it said he was single, and that he has kids but they aren't living with him. Usually I just delete people with kids. I don't want to be a step-mom, but this time I thought about Brian and how he has Alex and that never bothered me. Oh, sure, Alex lives in Evansville, but he's still Brian's son. So I thought, well, I might as well email this stranger and see what happens. Maybe it's a situation like that. No, it's not. And here's where it gets complicated. Brian occasionally visits a woman named Renee who lives here in town. She is best friends with Mo, who is a lesbian and a dominatrix, though not necessarily at the same time. Both of these women have 4 or 5 kids and they tag team mother them all. Mo's ex-husband, Jeremy, is currently seeing Renee, which isn't that strange since the three of them used to live together as a triad. You see where this is going, don't you? That's right. Jeremy was the person who saw my personal online, said he'd like to meet me, and I wrote back unknowingly. Only knowing Mo and Renee, I've only heard bad things about him. And yes, he seems all nice and everything in email, but had I not asked him if he knew Renee, I'm wondering if he would have told me about his relationship with her, which may or may not be current; I asked Brian and he hasn't heard a lot about that lately so his information might be out-dated. So, no more. I'm done. I'm not doing this anymore. I don't care that my life is going to be boring and all I'm going to do is stay at home with the cats and watch TV and go to work and the gym and follow the same weekly pattern from now until the end. I don't care. I'm tired of putting myself through it, I'm tired of making you all listen to me put myself through it. It's just not worth it anymore. I'll take a lesson from Amelie and develop an appreciation for the smaller things in life. Like watching it snow, like it is now, and the satisfation of finishing a word search in under 5 minutes, and how a clean house just feels better than a dirty one. So I'll clean more and keep the word search people in business and the kittens will look forward to the weekends I go to visit people so they can have the whole house to themselves. It's over. I need to appreciate the blessings that are already present in my life.

 Chris- you will be with family- so I'll totally understand if you DON'T come- but we'll be starting around 10am moving out of the old place- I hope shoving out of here by noon to the new place. So if you need a break, we'll be around! :)

 A doctor just told me something that I think you can use at a Christmas party, you know, when you are having mindless conversations with co-workers etc. I will present this factoid in the context of an actual conversation: Jane Smith from Accounting, "It's been really cold in the office lately. I don't think it helps that I sit right under an air conditioning vent either. Not to mention that the days have been so slow - not as slow as last month, but slow enough. I'm starting to get hungry, and all I have for lunch today is broccoli and some pork. Cara Cunningham, "Did you know morphine addicts enjoy taffy apples?" BOOM. There you go. A true fact from Dr. Alvarez. Em, I'll actually be down in Indy at that time but I'll be with my parents. We's going to visit grandmama and other kinfolk. Moving might actually be preferable. What time would you need help? I'll let you know....

 Ok- a shameless plea for a little help: Marshall and I are moving on 12/27. I realize that this is 2 days after Christmas- but if any of you would be available for a couple of hours to help, we would love you forever. We already have a few helping us, so if you can't- it's totally fine- but I just wanted to ask (and of course, this request will be reciprocated when needed)- we will also supply the pizza and drinks. If you can- let me know!

 I bet I'll have cookies left over!

 I'm an idiot- I belong in a hole with Saddam. The Xmas party is on JANUARY 10th! That's the Saturday.

 Ok- can I just say that IKEA is the bomb! I had no idea that they sold candles for SO cheap. I totally know what my centerpieces will be. yee haw. Cara- yeouch- can't believe she misspelled the name. And my highlight has been Simple Life here recently- 24 conflicts with Queer Eye so we watch 24 because that's the one time each week that I KNOW I get to see jen. Speaking of Jen- I GOT TO FEEL THE BABY KICK LAST NIGHT!!!! They ate when they came over so the baby was moving around and Marshall and I both got to feel- it was so cool! Chris- the details of the "family christmas" are as follows: January 9th at mine/Marshall's new apartment. From 5pm until whenever (unless that time doesn't work for the rest of ya). We are buying gifts for everyone- but you are not required to do so- We set a limit of $15-20 per gift. I told Jen not to buy me a gift because I'd rather see her spend it on something for the baby. Anyway- we haven't made all the plans for the get together- but I was thinking we could each bring a dish to share (we'll coordinate before so it's not all desserts) and then hang out and drink and have fun. Are you in- can you hang?

 You have to give Saddam a little more credit than "an idiot in a hole." It did take us a long time to find him and he did rule for quite a while. But I doubt he was the mastermind behind all the other stuff once he scampered away. We won't get any real information out of him though. He's got to be smarter than that. Nothing new going on here. Our office christmas party was today. Now I have an upset stomach. We're having Christmas at Eric and Hollys tomorrow night. GET THIS. My mother-in-law misspelled my name on our Christmas card! I'm insulted. It's not like I'm some distant cousin or something. I married her son, damnit! Speaking of stupid remarks. My husband said this one: "Jessica Simpson is hot. I think the fact that she's stupid makes her hotter." I was disgusted, to put it mildly. He was very sorry he said that. It's really sad when the highlight of my week is Queer Eye for the Straight Guy.

 more random shit - the best Saddam news quote I've seen: "It will be interesting to see what exactly we have here. Is Saddam the orchestrator of chaos and bombings in Iraq, or is he just some idiot in a hole." i vote for idiot in a hole.

 "...I was sickened by his presence." I've heard that before. It's usually in cantonese, but those words and the way they come out of a woman's mouth - well, it's somewhat of a universal language. The wife has been a holy terror lately...all pouty and ornery. Tis the season. Speaking of the season, did someone mention there was an xmas get together around 1/8 or something? I might be in SF then, but only if I'm still working here. Odds are I'll be back at the children's hospital by the first of the year (god willing). Anyway, are we buying gifts for everyone and giving them at that time? or is it "pull a name out of a hat" type of thing? If you happen to draw my name - capuchin monkey in an elf costume, please. I have a picture of the very one should you like to see it. Allyn Ball sounds familiar - is he on Howard Stern sometimes? Mike and Kristie will be engaged by June 26, 2004. I bet something, like maybe a dollar, that it will happen. I think I'm going to move to San Diego. You all can come with. They have a Sea World there.

 Cara/Chris- thanks for the info and the invites and advice- we'll keep it in mind. I have no idea what we'll do- he's as indecisive as I am !! So Cara- Kristie is there for 7 months- but will she be coming back to Chicago- and would she be able to come back on weekends and things? Sorry to hear about Ryan- that really sucks for Lisa- but maybe they can move (course, I know they have a house, so it's not that easy)- it might be a blessing in disguise- let's hope. The boss's son's armpit song story cracked me up! Chris- I had to share your "fight" with Liz with Marshall- we had a huge fight this weeked (read: Emily spent 3 hours sleeping on the couch because I was sickened by his presence). Everything is fine now but it was totally triggered by something small and dumb. We've already had the jesus/religion fight- got that out of the way early... We went to One Liners on Saturday and saw Allyn Ball- he was fucking hilarious. If you get the chance- it's a must see. Marshall was a dork after the show- and went to shake his hand- he had meant to say something a little less dorky like "I got all the science jokes" (they were supposed to be obscure and not everyone got them)- but instead- he said "I got all your jokes"....yeah, I'm still teasing him about that one... I'm getting a new desk at work- so I have to clean mine out today. It's fun, because in my head I pretended that I quit. So I'm cleaning out my desk to get the hell out of here. Can't wait for next week- I'm off all week!

 Mike and Kristie are definitely not engaged. Mike doesn't seem as anxious as she is. I would have to hear the whole argument to fully understand what the hell you guys are talking about. Wow. They caught Saddam. Who knew?! Still can't believe it.

 Very cool, Em! I dunno much about the south suburbs of Chicago, other than the random shootings and gang violence I see on the news. In other words, you'd probably wanna look either in Chicago(!) or one of the northern (Evanston) or western (Oak Park) suburbs. That is, if you dont stick to Indiana. Liz and I kinda looked in the Valpo area cause it's so quiet, but the commute to Chicago is a bastard. I can definitely see you two up here....if you wanna come up some weekend and look around or if you ever have an interview up here, our door is open! Detroit. Rock City. Are mike and kristie engaged or still dating? My wife didnt speak to me for 4 hours today. We had an argument about Jesus. We've had a lot of arguments in 6 years but never one about Jesus. It started at the grocery store when, as we were checking out, I told her to hold the milk (fragile...in a glass container) like she was holding the baby jesus. This somehow evolved into disagreements on evolution and monkeys and such. Now mind you, our arguments are usually over someone not watering the plants or eating all the ice cream. Six years and we just now have this argument. There is something kinda funny about having a blowup on jesus while unloading Pringles and oatmeal cookies. In summary, bottled milk is fragile like grandma's good china, NOT baby jesus.

 Hope everyone had a great Christmas. I sure did. My parents came up and that was the best present of all. I was going to be really depressed if I missed seeing them again. They seemed to have a nice time with Bob's family. Unfortunately, Emily, that means we won't be coming down this weekend. Good luck on the move. Hopefully the weather will be good to you. Bob's day started off rough. Not only does he have to be at Wal-mart the day after Christmas, his alarm didn't go off this morning. He didn't turn any lights on because he was trying not to wake me and he ended up falling down the stairs. He now has carpet burns on his arms but he wasn't seriously injured. I felt so bad that I got up and ironed his clothes while he showered. Hopefully the rest of the day was better.

 Just FYI for all- as of Saturday- my new info is: 8850 Latitudes Way, #1115 Indianapolis, IN 46237 PHONE: 317-882-1179 Talk to you soon and MERRY XMAS EVERYONE!!

 For those who lived with me in the past, I think you'll see the truth in today's horoscope...;) There are not a lot of ways you can go awry today. But with the planetary energy at play, you may risk accidentally saying the wrong thing at the wrong moment, or make that one comment that everyone else has been sensitively avoiding. The problem is your lack of tact. If you can master this, then you may just hit the jackpot. Earlier this week I tried to post a reply to all of the comfort you offered when I took down my personals. Apparently, it wasn't something that should have been read because the blogger ate it. The long and the short of it was thanks for staying hopeful for me. And Em, I know you love me, but I'm just not gay...;) It was worth a try, though, and your valiant effort has been noted. I've been watching "Chicago" quite a bit lately. I really like the "He Had It Coming" song. Romantic comedies have just been pissing me off, but a good old fashioned movie about a woman who is sent to jail for murdering her boyfriend, well, that's right up my alley. When we went up to Chicago last weekend, we were listening to this really funny book by John Grisham called "Skipping Christmas," which is about this middle-aged couple who decide to go on a cruise instead of celebrating Christmas because their daughter went away to Peru with the Peace Corps. Much wackiness ensued, and in the end their daughter flew home with her fiance to surprise them. I really liked the story until the kid came back with her Peruvian doctor fiance. Then I just wanted to smack her. Seriously, I'm going to be the poster child for premature old and bitterness...;) And this whole longest night of the year thing is getting just a bit out of hand. I don't know what the weather is like where you all are, but it's rainy and really dark here. And I mean DARK . The blackness of the bare trees is only a subtle contrast to the deep blue-grey of the sky. Very cool, but not condusive to getting out of bed in the morning. Anyway, Merry Christmas, Joyful Yule, Happy New Year! Don't know if I'll be checking in here or not before next Monday, but you all have my number and my parents' number and my cell number, so if you need anything, just give me a call. Have a good one!

 Cara- sorry- didn't mean to ruin any surprise- I hope you aren't mad- I shouldn't have assumed that you mailed it out to everyone already. If you need copies of "it"- I obviously still have it and can make copies. So if you want to mail your cards, I can send Steph's to her (in your name of course!) and then you can give them out to everyone else at the Jan. 10 party. . . .let me know. . .

 For all of you who were wondering where the hell their Christmas card is since emily got one: I was going to put something in your card but I lost it. I already gave one to Emily because I thought she needed cheering up when her grandfather died. I'll mail them as soon as I find what I want to put in it. It will be after Christmas, obviously. Jen, I need an address from you.

 Cara, you are so funny- and your Christmas card ROCKED! We loved it! Thanks so much. With the moving and Xmas travels- I didn't get cards out- so sorry to everyone for no cards. Oprah is amazing- this South African trip (if any of you get to see that). Going to meet with a florist tonight..woo hoo... Then more packing.. Can I mention that I STILL hate moving?

 Christopher...I'm not giving up on this house in Valpo. It's amazing and it's on one of the best streets in my neighborhood. It's in the "historic district", if that tells you anythng. The commute would be worth it. Promise.

 hey guys, sorry i haven't been around. it's been so busy at work that i've been working at home also and i just get sick at being around a computer. at least my checks have been nice. unfortunately i won't be able to make it up there for christmas. in a way it's for a good reason, but i still wanted to see everyone. this time of year gets so stressful. the house thing is moving along, but because of christmas noone wants to do any work so i haven't been getting answers out of anybody about some things i want to have done before the middle of next month. if i want to get a house before mardi gras i need these people to talk to me. hopefully after xmas they'll be wanting to get back to work. oh well. slice and bake? i think everyone can tell the difference between those and homemade. what a retard. em, good luck with the move! i hope you have enough help to get it done quickly. when adam and i moved into this apartment we had 1 friend who helped us. man that was a long day. that's cool that the baby's kicking! are you getting cravings for anything weird, jen? karissa-just have fun. enjoy doing what you like when you like.

 that sucks Cara! I would have hated having to bake so many than not get that many good ones in return. I can't believe that someone tried to pass off the slice and bakes as their own.

 Chris- OH MY GOD. So glad you are ok. Sorry to hear about the car- I know how awful that is- hope it all gets resolved quickly. I hope everyone had a great New Years- Jen and John came over to our new place and we watched the video of the sonogram. Oh, our new Emily Grace will be a heartbreaker. . .

 Glad everyone had a great Christmas. My parents came up and we had a great time. Other than wrecking our car, that is. Everyone is fine but the car is a mess. Good times. Thanks for the offer, Em but my parents are still here and I think we're gonna go downtown, Orange Alert be damned.... Hmmm, as for gifts dont go through any trouble. Seriously. If you can find some bargain cookbooks, that'd be awesome. I can always use blank cd's. A bag of cashews. A goldfish bowl. Cool 4x6 photo frame. Bottle of Baileys. Lonely Planet guide to Italy. Anything monkey related. Happy new year!

 by the way- that invite goes for any of you. Jen and John are coming over. Karissa- if you'd like to come up, we'd love to have you... Steph, I don't think you'd get here in time .. . ;)

 Cara- I know it's a long drive- but you could always come to our place- if you left right after work, you'd at least get here before midnight- and you could stay. . . I know it's a long shot, but hey. . .

 Chris, Make a long list. A serious list. Jen, Don't forget the names and addresses for your shower! I just figured out the favors and I'm very excited about it. I think this new years we'll be home as well. My husband is very sick. I'll probably be the only one awake tonight.

 Monkey Boy- quick question. What would a young, double-income, no kids (aka DINK) consumer such as yourself like for Christmas that you didn't get already and that falls into the under $20 category?

 Jen, Thanks for letting me know! I feel a lot better! Also- if you see this- you can come over tomorrow night if you want for New Year's- no big deal- just us- and the place will be a mess- but we aren't going to E-ville, no money- and we are freaking exhausted! I'll talk to you later- you guys (or just you) can stop by tonight if you like too. later gator

 So as everyone knows John and I are having a little girl. Yea us! The docs were worried that I wasn't as far as long as we thought that I was but apparently everything is fine I just carry small. So even though I think that I look like a waddling whale I could be worse. But she has all her parts that she is supposed to have and she weighs in at around 3 pounds right now. And from the sonogram picture is looks like she has John's lips. We have 3 pictures of her face and a tape of the whole sonogram. Also Em-I'm alright my battery died on my phone and I will call you later tonite when I have John's phone. I can't find my charger right now. I can't remember where I packed it. I also had John worried last night when he tried calling me. John and I aren't doing anything for New Year's. Unless he does something with his brother. But more that likely we will be spending it at home. Em I thought that you were going to Evansville? My holidays were good. My mom and I had to move b/c the apartment behind hers flooded. So they let her out of her lease, so she made me an offer that I couldn't refuse. If I could find a 2 or 3 bedroom w/reasonable rent that I could live with her rent and utilities free for as long as I needed. So I found a 3 bedroom TH on the southwest side of Indy near the airport for really cheap but they didn't have any available for 6 months so we moved into one of thier 2 bedroom TH until they have a 3 bedroom available or unless I decide in 6 months to go out on my own with Emily. So my new addy is: 4903 Red Horizon Blvd Indianapolis, IN 46221 My cell is the same for now but I will probably change it to an Indy number next week with my next bill cycle.

 So does the fact that Marsh and I are staying at home on New Year's mean I'll be spending a lot of time at home? Hmmm.. I'm worried about Jen- I'm sure I'm just being paranoid (and Jen, hopefully you'll read this and get a hold of me). We were on the phone last night- and her phone cut out- and now all I can get is her voicemail. I swear I've tried calling her like 30 times since 9pm last night. She was going to come over- and JUST before I could give her directions- her phone was gone. . . I also hate my job... But the calves are not sore today- so that's a plus. :)

 I think we are spending new years at Bill and Kristy's house this year. I sort of think how you spend your new years will reflect how the rest of your year is going to go. The year we went to England, I think I ended up doing a lot of traveling. The year Em and I got drunk in Columbus...we'll...we had a lot of parties that year! Don't ask me what it means when you spend the millenium in a gay bar! Steph...$3,000 on a mortgage is tremendous. Definitely go to the class. I'm really excited for you. We just bought wood for our dinning and living room. Bob's going to try and install it himself. This isn't like the pergo floor where it just locks together. This is real wood that you have to nail in. Wish us luck. I'm so excited for you, Jen! We're going to have another Grant Street Girl!

 Yea for everyone right now! Baby girl, new apartments, low mortages, parental Christmas... all good things! My Christmas was really quiet and relaxing, which I think it really good since now I'm taking care of my neighbor's dogs. Her friend who is supposed to be watching them has a suspended license so he's having to pay for a taxi twice a day to go over and let the dogs out, and since I'm back in town, it's just easier for me to go down and take them out in the morning and evening. Plus I get puppy love, and that's always good. :) What is everyone planning for the big NYE? I did mine back in October, so I'm just going to hang out and do nothing. And all of my neighbors are gone so I don't even have to worry about them having loud parties and keeping me up. Yea!

 hey, my christmas was pretty good. we went over to adam's sister in law's house and spent the day with her, adam's brother, and their 3 kids. they were really cute, but i am really glad we could go home and be in peace and quiet. :) hopefully i will be able to see everyone once everything is done with all of the house stuff. i am taking these 2 saturday classes in january so i can be certified as an educated homebuyer or something. it's cool though because that will qualify me for a really low mortgage percentage rate and downpayment assistance (up to $3000!) so it's really worth the 12 hours of weekend time given up. it's raining here right now. but it's probably 60-65 degrees so it doesn't suck. em-sorry to hear about your moving day. that sounded about like mine last time, except for the stairs. there were 3 of us that moved all of my shit and all of adam's shit. and we just keep getting more stuff. we are definitely hiring movers next time. i wanted to see the last samurai, but i have to see lord of the rings first. i loved the first 2 and this one is supposed to be even better. over 3 hours long! woohoo! i know i'm a geek, but i really like how they filmed those movies. ok, better get back to work. talk to you later. congratulations jen!!!

 Ladies and Gentleman! I just got a call from the mommy to be at her first sonogram and we are having. . . *insert drumroll* An Emily Grace! Cara- isn't that weird? Just last night I said I had the gut feeling it was a girl!!! :) She is very excited and said she may Blog later- but I asked if it was ok to post and she said yes!!! Yea to girl power!!

 Karissa....I found this blog that I think you might be interested in reading. The website is zoe-trope.com. She's a high school senior who just wrote a book about her high school experiences. She writes every day on the blog and for some reason, I think you would like her. Make sure you put the dash in her name or you'll get some other site. Saw the Last Samurai last night. It's pretty good. I FINALLY have a book that is holding my interest. It's called Middlesex and it's written by the same guy who wrote the Virgin Suicides.

 I had a great Christmas- hope everyone else's was great too! Cara- glad your parents could make it - I know you really wanted them to come up. As for the moving- well, it was SUCH a long drawn out day- I'm not really going to go into the details, 'cept to say that our help was very late which screwed us because we only had the truck until a certain time- so we had to rush to get the big stuff out of our 2 story apt- and run over to our 3 story apartment. We didn't get all the boxes- so Marsh and I have been making multiple trips to the old place to get them. HOPEFULLY we'll get them done tonight and I'll be able to turn in the keys tomorrow. Trivial info: There are 32 steps up to my new apartment. We made AT LEAST 30 trips UP the steps during each of the two days we've moved. 32 steps x 30 trips=960 steps (that's just UP). So 960x2 days= 1920 (still just UP). Ok- so now lets add down- 1920x 2= 3840 (up and down). 3840 stairs that I've walked (at the very least that is) in the past 2 days. Suffice it to say. . .my calves are sore.

 hey guys, things just going right along with the house stuff. we are actually going to look at houses very very soon. i was talking to a mortgage broker who seems really knowlegable and fair. plus he is friends with this guy i work with (been friends for 15 years) so he has a reference that i know. chris- during the lsu game it was completey quiet in the quarter, but after there were about 1 million people (really 1 million) in the quarter, 1 square mile! i didn't go down there but adam's brother lives in the quarter and he gave us the details. glad i missed it and glad it's overr. people are seriously crazy about lsu down here like i've never seen anywhere with other colleges. i was going to go insane with all the lsu questions from customers. have fun at the christmas party everyone! i wish i could be there.

 Cara- Target, Pier 1 and Linens N Things I'm so excited...we booked our officiant tonight!! Woo hoo!

 I've had a wish list on Amazon.com for years. Em...where else are you registered? Target...Pier One....???

 Ok so I will bring some sort of dessert. Not sure what but I will see what tickles my fancy when I go to the grocery. Also I think that my registry is on Amazon so if you are having trouble getting to it let me know and I will explore the amazon site a little better. Like the veggie article. I'll catch up with you guys tomorrow. I need to go do some laundry and John gave me money to buy myself new tennis shoes since really those are the only thing besides flip flops that I like to wear right now. Also I will bring the sonogram video and the picture that I have of Emily so that you guys can see my beautiful little girl if you want. Steph I really wish that you could be here right now but I will call you sometime this weekend so that I can fill you in on all the baby stuff and you can fill me in on all the house buying stuff.

 http://www.hugi.is/hahradi/bigboxes.php?box_id=51208&f_id=681 Ok, this is quite possibly one of the funniest things I've ever seen in my whole life. Chris, if I'd seen this before I bought your Christmas present, you can be sure this is what I would have picked out for you. Be sure to turn the sound on or it's just going to look silly. It's in French, but somehow that doesn't detract from the impact. And no, it's not one of those obnoxious things that's going to blow your speakers way off. You can listen to it quietly. Just be sure you pick your jaw up off the floor...:) Apparently the 6 degrees to this site has nothing to do with Kevin Bacon, but it went from one tuba player to another to a friend of Polly to Polly and on to me, and now to you and probably on to lots of other people from here. I have to go watch it again, that's how impressed I am...:) Enjoy!

 Big Fish opens today- that's MUST see...Marsh and I will be there on Sunday. Karissa- I WISH I had a job like that...I dunno- maybe I could...it would be fun... :) Glad you found it amusing! I can totally put something on Amazon.com- but keep in mind- at least until next October- I have 3 online registries....and even if it is a gift only for me (birthday or something)- I don't care if it's wedding stuff- I mean, we did pick it all out! :) I'll work on Amazon though, just for you 'Rissa. Chris- aren't you WORKING or did you quit and now you start the new job on monday?

 I changed my searchable name on Amazon to Wellington Littlebrook. Oddly enough, there are no others with that name. It says it might take 2 days to go into effect so for now you can distinguish me by looking for Chris Clark and the one that says Chicago, IL and Monkeys is me. I'm bored. I think I'll go see a movie today...any suggestions???

 Em, I think you missed your calling. You should totally report for The Onion! I'm going to giggle about that for a good long time this morning. Of course, I'm kind of sleep deprived, too, so just about anything would make me laugh. Why am I sleep deprived? Because it's the first stupid week back to work after the stupid holidays, and for some reason employers expect us to be up and functioning before 10 am. I still don't get that. We're all going to have to get together and start our own business so we can all sleep in. Then we'd all live in the same area, too, so that's like and extra party bonus. I see no one has volunteered to bring beverages, at least of the non-alcoholic type, so I shall be valiant and cart frothy liquids to quench the thirst of the masses. Groovy? I always bring the desserts, so this time I'm going to throw the whole operation into a tizzy and do something different. I'm a rebel without a clause, after all...:) Oh, and by next Christmas (well really, by your birthdays, but I'm not going to push it), I'd like to see everyone in here with a wishlist on Amazon. Books, movies, baby stuff, I don't care. Just please humor me on this one. And we'll have to figure out some defining characteristic for people like Mr. Wellington who shares his name with a bunch of other people out there. Trent has the same problem, so don't feel bad. Actually, so does my brother-in-law. You wouldn't think there would be a whole lot of Joel Housemans out there, but there really are. Weird. Tomorrow tomorrow tomorrrrrrrrrrrroooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!! Woo-hoo! :D

 HA!!!! That would totally happen up here, too. I think I sat next to Ima Scratcher today on the bus. Holy Jeebus, I would never bring anything edible onto public transportation up here. I think carting the presents around will be problematic enough. Soooo...a quick run to the grocery store would be most appreciated! Cara, I think you are going to pummel me re: your gift. I shaved my beard today.

 I can see the Chicago Tribune Headline now: Man Mobbed While Transporting Veggies Chicago, (AP)- A man was transporting vegetables by plastic container with dip. He had a bottle vodka which created a frenzy on the 12:15 train to Valparaiso. One bystander said, "It was craziness man, they just all started going for his pocket!". The victim, an unidentified male, was unharmed but appeared distraut and disoriented. One of the mobbers tipped the tray from his arms causing carrots and cherry tomatoes to roll down the train car aisle. It also catapulted the dip into the air landing on a small child. The mob created such commotion that the bottle of vodka crashed to the train floor and broke. The toxic mixture of the dip fumes mixed with that of the vodka left many with an unidentified rash on their skin. The CDC spokesperson, Ima Scratcher, said "We haven't identified the rash yet, but we believe it to be a rapidly spreading, but short lived virus" Future reports will be relayed. I have WAY too much time at work!

 Chris....You're going to carry vegetables on the train? If you want, we could go to the grocery store before the party.

 Chris- bring OJ too then- because we don't have any ! :) We've got Gin! And some vanilla rum..

 I'll bring a tray of assorted vegetables and a gallon of Osco vodka. Joy to the world, indeed.

 Cara- shredded cheese would be good too- thanks! And you guys can totally stay at our place instead of driving all the way back. We have PLENTY of room now and nothing planned for Sunday. Can't wait to see you all!

 Um...I'll bring the chips, salsa, and sour cream. Do you want shredded cheese for the chili? I can bring that as well. Chris...Tell me when to pick you up and I'll be there. Are we coming back that night too? Do you wanna spend the night at my house? (Remember Pearl Jam?) I just hope the weather is good.

 Chris- congrats on going back to Children's- I didn't know you were actually doing it! That's great. Sorry to hear about the car though- how much damage is there? **Everyone** OK- Here is the deal for Saturday- Anytime after 4pm is fine. We are going to have a cake tasting that morning and then work on finishing up getting the apartment to look half decent. Though I would love to be able to put up all the food for this- I am SO comlpletely ass broke at the moment- that I can't. I think we should do pitch in style. I'll make chili. If someone else could bring a few 2 liters- we've got ice and glasses. If someone could bring chips and salsa (maybe sour cream too?) A veggie tray Whatever else. OH, and we have stuff for the S'Mores maker- we broke it in last weekend, it is Mmmm Mmmmm good. Let me know what you'll be bringing so I know what we DO and DO NOT have. Steph- I really wish you could come! Chris- tell Liz to have a fun/safe trip!

 I'm now having second thoughts about that pug. Yikes. Um, cara, I will take you up on that ride offer. Our car is worse than they thought and we wont get it back for another 7-10 days. Dunno why we didnt opt for rental car coverage. Anyway, the train from downtown takes off every two hours starting at 8am and arrives at the Dune Park/Chesterton station an hour and 17 minutes after departing CHI. This is Liz's last weekend in town before her trip so she'll be staying home getting packed and such. Em, what time is this shindig getting started so I'll know which train to take? Steph, is New Orleans crazy after the LSU win??? On a brighter note, I'm starting back at Children's Memorial in 6 days.

 Ms. Beaverhusen, you are hysterical. I enjoyed reading that very much. Thank you.

 Hey howdy hey! Well, it's Tuesday again. It started well, considering I turned off my alarm and slept until 7:30. Then again, I seem to be doing that a lot lately, so I got to work at regular time. I think Garry just accepts that I'm not a morning person and goes with it. I want to play hooky. No reason. Just sounds like a good idea. I took my neighbor's dogs out for the last time last night. I have never had an experience that has opened my eyes like that before. I'm such a cat person it's not even funny. For instance, cats tend not to poop in the house. Well, outside the litter box, anyway. Not a day went by this last week that I didn't have to clean dog poo out of her bedroom. Also, you don't have to take cats for walks outside. In fact, even if you had a harness and leash, they feel it is beneath them and will not walk. The dogs live for walks and really enjoyed pulling the right side of my body completely out of whack. Not very big animals, but they are really strong when they decide they want to go somewhere. I don't think a day went by that they didn't almost pull me off my feet and onto my face. I no longer have any qualms about yanking on leashes to get them to stop pulling. If you don't, you fall down. Continuing, cats want affection on their own terms. They don't jump on you when you walk in the door and they don't really mind if you're gone for a couple of days, just as long as they have food and water enough to get them through. Dogs need constant attention, and if they don't get it, they might just chew a hole in your bed and poop all over the carpet in your room to prove a point. Katheryn has an 8-inch hole in her mattress, but I cleaned up all of the piles of poop that were deposited in her bedroom before 7 last night. Anything after that is her problem. Tonight, I'm going home and sitting in my chair, petting any kitten that crawls into my lap, and I'm not doing a thing. It's going to be lovely. No more dogs for me. And I think one of the morals of this story is that if you're going to be gone for more than a day or two, board your dogs. Don't count on your flakey gay friend to look in on them because he's just going to flake out (which is why he's known as your flakey gay friend) on you in favor of packing up his entired life and moving to Washington, D.C. to live with his on-again/off-again boyfriend, leaving your neighbor to look after your pets. While she did volunteer to take care of the dogs, you should know that, as a cat person, she had no idea what she was really getting herself into. Especially about the poop. Don't get me wrong. They are good dogs and we had our moments of fun and happiness, but it's going to take a while for my back and right shoulder to feel normal again. I'm wondering how hard a 35 pound dog can really pull, because I felt like I was trying to hold on to one of those little cars the Shriners ride around in. Add to that another dog, probably closer to 40 pounds, and you've got me almost running. I don't run, so you can imagine my joy. Ah, well, it builds character, right? It'll put hair on my chest? Wait, no, that's mustard... Something like that, anyway...

 Cara, hopefully I'll have my car back by the end of the week, if not then I'll probably need a ride. Even then, I'd hate for you to drive up here then back to I65...adds an extra 2 hours. Maybe I could take the train to Valpo or something. I'll call you. We've had a buttload of snow up here too. I havent used "buttload" in a long time. Latitudes. That name makes me feel warm for some reason. Liz and I played hooky today and saw the Last Samurai. Pretty good. I hate public transportation.

 Ok- directions for all- they are very simple no matter what direction you come from. From I-65, take the County Line Road exit and go East (out of town). From I-65 it is about 1 mile exactly to the turn. You'll see the main entrance to Latitudes apartments (on the left)- go past that to the very next road (Latitudes Way) and turn left into the comlex. Follow the road around to the right and you will come past the first building and keep coming around to the next building. The buildings are very nicely marked with large numbers, and ours is Bldg, #8850. I'm upstairs on the 3rd floor in #1115. Ok- this makes sense to me- since I drive it- but if it doesn't to any of you, let me know.

 Em...I need directions to your new apartment. For Christmas and the shower. I just hope the weather is good for this weekend. We're getting tons of snow up here. Chris...Sorry to hear about the accident. Do you need a ride for this weekend?? Where is your wishlist? Do you know how many Christopher Clarks there are in the world?! Steph...For some reason your post cracked me up about the civil war. Good to hear that you had a great time. We are finally putting in the hardwood floors in my living room. We have enough done to set the couch on. I think I'm going to miss a day so we can get the rest of it finished. It sucks because the rest of the room is covered in paper...and dust. Cat seems to really like the new floor. He rather be on that then the paper.

 Chris- I TOTALLY know how you feel- when I had my accident- I felt like such a dope for having done it- even though it was "technically" my fault- it really was caused by the short stop of the drunk in front of me (who also did not have a valid license). If it makes you feel ANY better- I got a speeding ticket (yes, another one) on 12/31 on my way home from work. 51 in a 35. Ouch. Funny thing though- he pulled me over almost 2 miles away from the zone....is that legal?

 chris- sorry to hear about the accident. i'm glad you're all ok. new year's eve here was incredible. i have never seen so many fireworks at one time, not even fourth of july. we hung out at a friend's house and they had fireworks and also everywhere you turned you could see fireworks. it made me wonder what the civil war was like, it was so smokey everywhere and all the explosions from the fireworks.

 Thanks, em. What sucks even more is that the accident was my fault so we are out $1,000 for the deductable and I have to go to court on the 22nd. My first accident in 14 years of driving. Argh. Ok, an addendum to the below - taking a cue from you kids, I now have a gift list on Amazon. I had no idea.....

 Did you bring your telescope, Em? I've heard you can get a great view of Uranus from Butt Fuck, Maryland.

 Hi all- I'm sitting in a hotel in butt-fuck Maryland- the fucking Rocky Gap hill-jack capitol of the world and (of all places) and AUCTIONEERS convention. Yes...this is my job. Anyway....I can't go to Bloomington on 1/24 (though I'd LOVE to)- but Marshall and I will be at my dad's doing the "meet the parents" thing.... K- My vote is to buy a house in Bloomington if you can- because if you move you can ALWAYS rent it to students or a grad student or something....it's a long term, wise investment. I applied for a new job with IUPUI as the Assistand Director of Sales & Marketing. I'm completely qualified for it- so I better at least get a call for interview. I really hate to do the job jumping thing- but I'm miserable here...and it shows...This job would be cool because it's downtown, normal hours, limited (if any) travel and probably better pay...keep your fingers crossed folks. Cara...um...the wives need a lesson in "Night Out". Oiy. However, I guess if we showed them what those words really mean then someone would end up behind a bank telling us to just leave them, they won't be mad ;). Ah, those were the days....it's all fun & games until someone gets left at the bank. . . Chris- that 28 hours thing...I hear ya...I've been gone for about 36 now and I'm unbelievably lonely...At least when I was in NYC I had Anita there to keep my company- and with her- NOTHING can be boring.. Oh, and by the way- Anita has a date tomorrow- so keep your fingers crossed for her. I made a decision today. Since the auctioneers wives go on a shopping outing tomorrow (yes, it's sort of like the "boys club" around here)- and they'll be in seminars all day- I'm checking out early and packing up and going to my mom's for the night- she's only 2 hours away from me. Anyway- back to the grind on Monday... Talk to you all soon

 Anyone wanna get plastered in Bloomington on the night of January 24th? As the lone guy in the group, I feel it is my duty to make such suggestions (drunken putt putt anyone?). I will have just wrapped up a visit with my cousin and will undoubtedly need a beverage. Seriously, when was the last time you had a shot at kilroys or stopped by Taco Bell at 2am? In other words, Children's met my salary request today and I am ready to party.

 I feel sorry for the husbands. I won $25 at poker last night. I agree with Jen, a small house would probably hold its value and not be that much more expensive than a condo in Bloomington. Like Cara said, if you bought a condo you'd have to pay a monthly assessment which usually runs at about $50-$200 and if you put less than 20% down, you'll be paying an additional $200 per month for PMI. Craziness. Either way, it's a smart investment! Speaking of houses, I'm taking a friend to look at a few places tonight. Liz wants me to have some places lined up for her upon her return from the home country. The girl that was appointed to be my co-househunter is annoying and makes me want to break things. Cara, I may be calling you to come look, as you are an experienced and savvy homebuyer. I'm going to send you two virtual tours and you give me a rating between 1-10. If anyone would like to make a move to Chicago and sublet our place, let me know! I'll drop the rent from $1000 to $800...that's a steal, my friends. Karissa, I hear the public library downtown is hiring : ) The wife has been gone a total of 28 hours and I'm already a miserable bastard. Only three more weeks to go! God help me. Jen, I have an urge to destroy you at checkers. I keep having a dream with you mocking me and I dont like it.

 Doesn't sound like much of a girls night out if you have to bring your husband! Unless they are trying to tell you something about thier men. K-I have heard the same thing about condos that they are harder to resell esp in B-town. If you thought about getting a small house than there is also the chance that if you decide to move from B-town you can always rent it out to students for well over the mortgage price. Also word of advice I never paid a pet deposit for the cats. Most places don't care or know as long as they don't tear stuff up. When I lived at Wapahanni I didn't even pay a pet deposit for the dogs. Just a thought

 Karissa, The only thing I know about condos is that they are harder to resell. Most people want houses. The other thing I know is you usually have to pay maintenance fees for that lawn you don't have to mow. Just a couple of things to think about. You know, I might not be the best person to talk to about buying a house or a condo. My property taxes just doubled. Don't listen to me. I think my boss caught me rolling my eyes at him. Oops. This is another reason why "the wives" drive me nuts: We have "girls night out" once a month. We go over to someone's house, have a theme and cook food. We've only had one official one so far. This month's theme is COUPLES. I have to bring my freakin' husband! Do they not get it? Bring your husband and stay at home for girls night out?! Jesus Christ.

 So my toilet stopped flushing last night around 8. It was lovely. I called Sarah and Rob and they came over with their plunger (which I don't understand because mine is just as good) and their plumbing snake. Apparently, the clog is not my problem. So I called the emergency number the land management people have listed in their voicemail. No answer. The emergency phone was off. Or someone was talking on it. Either way. And they didn't call me back. I talked to Sarah and Rob and Rob suggested that I think about buying a condo. It's cheaper than a house, I wouldn't have to do any lawn care because I wouldn't have a lawn, and it would be something I would own so I wouldn't have to pay pet deposits for the kittens. I don't know if I will or not, but it's something to think about. There's no way I could find an apartment I could afford with 4 cats and I'm not getting rid of any of them, so that really does leave me with buying something. I'll need to talk to my dad about it and see what he thinks, and we'll have to look around and see what's available, but I keep thinking it would be really nice to have a 2-bedroom place. Then I could have guests and they wouldn't have to sleep on my bedroom floor. Maybe the guest room floor, but I have an air mattress, so it's not like they'd have to camp out. It could be really nice. Then again, I'm also still pissy about my toilet not flushing and their lack of attentiveness about my mold problem and the fact that they are raising my rent in August. It kind of makes me want to move now, you know? At least to somewhere that has good plumbing. Why is there not enough caffeine in the world when you really need it? *sigh*

 Chris...What weekend did you want to come over again? Or are we going up there. Bob doesn't like tequilla but he's willing to go if I drink. He said I need to get in some trouble.

 For a pregnant woman, you sure talk a lot of smack. I guarantee you that if we'd gone ahead and shot-put cans of corn, I would have totally won. Next time I see you, it's on. No prisoners. This time, I wont let you win. And Cara hit me, so I'm going to whoop her too. No prisoners. And no rum. It was fun. Thanks for letting me be one of the ladies. Em, your chili was most excellent and we've found tons of recipes we're gonna make. I've yet to make a margarita or play twister, but I have begun to grow sea monkeys. I have an urge to drink it. There's no h in nutcracker.

 Chris, are you going to take that from prego woman? If I'd stayed, we would have taken them...;) Next time we'll have to start with the games earlier. I was just glad to get home and sleep in my own bed with the kittens curled up with me. I slept until 2 on Sunday. Sure I missed the sunshine, but it was still delightful to wake up, roll over, and go back to sleep a couple of times. And this weekend is MLK, Jr. weekend so we'll get 3 days of sleeping in! Woo-hoo! It's like the post-Christmas recovery reward. We've been to work for at least two whole weeks, so here's our break. Second semester always goes faster than first semester. Lots more breaks and days off. Lovely! Thank you guys for everything. It was so nice just to get together and hang out! And open presents. I'm so not even going to deny my inner 6 year-old...:D Cara, tell Bob that "Finding Nemo" is not a cartoon. It's a product of Pixar animation and is therefore suitable for adults and should not be avoided. I was telling Polly and Tressa and Abby about the party and I mentioned that you hadn't seen it because Bob wouldn't go see cartoons and that was the general response. Well, that and the same horror you saw when you told all of us that you hadn't seen it. I used to get that, too. Then I saw it twice and the $2 movies, once on DVD at Tressa's and once at my sister's house. So I'm up to seeing it 4 times already? Where does the time go?

 I just wanted to thank everyone again for the mattress, the cute ducky stuff, and the book. I can't believe that you guys went to so much trouble for me and little Emily. I am so thankful to have great friends. I had a lot of fun on Saturday night and cannot believe that I stayed up so late. I really enjoyed playing Cranium with Marshall, Chris, and Cara. Cara and I kicked those dudes butts. And Chris anytime you want a rematch your on!!

 Ok- update- Marshall is working on the pictures at the moment- I will probably upload them to a page on Snapfish and then send out a collective email for you all to go view them (unless that doesn't work, in which case I'll just email them). I'm on my way home, so hopefully in a few hours- you will have pics!

 Cara- I will try to get Marshall to do the pictures soon (he took a 1/2 day today, so maybe if I email him. . .) Sorry about Luna's constant meowing. I think she's in heat (we haven't had her fixed)- because she did it all last night too and that's the only thing we can figure- because they had food and water... We think she might be a lesbian cat though- because she follows Smokey around as she wails. Marshall won't let me take down the festivus tree yet...but it's coming down before I leave town on Thursday. Steph- I'll make sure we send pics as soon as I get Marsh on the ball!

 Steph, we took pictures that hopefully Emily or Marshall will email to you soon. Jen seemed to like the crib mattress. Now Emily has a place to sleep! Jen is the cutest pregnant woman. Em, thanks for letting us stay over. Except for Luna's constant meowing, I think we would have slept pretty well. I had a great Festivus. Jen, addresses. please. Karissa, I went home on Sunday and immediately put in the Muppet Movie. I remembered most of it but there was some suprises. Thanks! Chris, I'll let you know about this weekend. Bob wants to concentrate all his efforts on the floor but I think I can talk him into a beer or two. :)

 Hey guys- had an awesome time on Saturday- hope you all did too. So sorry I forgot to bring out the S'mores maker (after all the planning for it!!)- but we had PLENTY of food. Thanks for the awesome gifts- you guys rock- and Marshall is so happy that you and he all get along- he was all happy when we got up at noon on Sunday :) Talk to you later!

 I went with the lucky tie. It worked....all charges were dismissed and I didnt even have to pay the ticket for running the red light. It feels wrong, but I shouldnt complain. Today in Chicago: My landlord and a building inspector walked in on me getting out of shower. Buck nekid. I got my hair cut by a Tibeten girl whose entire immediate family was massacred in Nepal. I saw a black woman walking down the street dressed as the Statue of Liberty. The ass ripped out of my favorite pair of jeans and exposed my boxers with the pigs on them. It is times such as these that I have an extreme urge to drop out of society and go surf in Goa.

 I got half way through my password and blanked on what I was doing. This is why having one password that's different from the one you use for everything else is not really a good idea. Then again, the people who know things say you should have a different password for every account you have. I don't think those people understand human nature. I don't know who said it, but one of my favorite quotes has always been "tell a man there are billions of stars in the universe and he'll believe you; tell him a bench has just been painted and he'll have to touch it to find out." Obviously the password people never heard this one... The only thing better than that is that Sarah's mom has a folder sitting by the computer entitled "Passwords." I'm not evil genius, but I think if we wanted to sneak in and take over her life, all we'd have to do would be look for the files labled "Social Security Cards," "Bank Account numbers, balances and PINs," and "Birth Certificates." We already know where the "Password" folder is... Have you all ever heard of The Book Of Ratings? If not, I strongly recommend going to the the site and reading the lists. (http://www.bookofratings.com/) As with all things like this, some are better than others, but for the most part, it's really funny and sarcastic. I know it's too late, but I would have voted on the tie, too.

 I also vote tie.

 I vote for the tie. Right now...the song I'm afraid I like is that freakin' Toxic by Britney Spears. The video is HORRIBLE but I can't get the damn tune out of my head. We should plan a night out when everyone can go. That would be fun. It will be like back in college!

 I'll Be There For You, Bon Jovi Shut the fuck up.

 Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm a schizophrenic, and so am I ( What About Bob? 1988). Well kids, my cousin called last night and asked if I would like to go to a play with her on Sat. night. I figured since she is providing me with food and lodging, I could not refuse. If you would like to go to a play with us, you are more than welcome. Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight. Maybe we can go out in Bloom when the Myers' are able to go to. I can see Marshall being my drinking buddy. We should set something up..... I have traffic court today. Tie or no tie?

 Subject: Welcome to the hospital line...... Hello, and welcome to the Mental Health Hotline. . . If you are obsessive-compulsive, press 1, repeatedly. If you are co-dependent, please ask someone to press 2 for you. If you have multiple personalities, press 3,4,5,and 6. If you are paranoid, we know who you are and what you want. Stay on the line so we can trace your call. If you are delusional, press 7, and your call will be transferred to the mother ship. If you are schizophrenic, listen carefully, and a small voice will tell you which number to press. If you are a manic-depressive, it doesn't matter which number you press, no one will answer. If you are dyslexic, press 969696969696969696. If you have a nervous disorder. Please fidget with the pound key until a representative comes on the line. If you have amnesia, press 8 and state your name, address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number, and your mother's maiden name. If you have post-traumatic stress disorder, s-l-o-w-l-y and c-a-r-e-f-u-l-l-y press 000. If you have bi-polar disorder, please leave a message after the beep, or before the beep, or after the beep. Please wait for the beep. If you have short-term memory loss, press 9. If you have short-term memory loss, press 9. If you have short-term memory loss, press 9. If you have low self-esteem, please hang up. All operators are too busy to talk to you. If you are menopausal, please hang up, turn on the fan, lie down, and cry. You won't be crazy forever. If you are blonde, don't press any button, you'll just mess things up. ******************************************************** That Cowboy song by Kid Rock... hate the man, love the song....:)

 Mrs. C- shouldn't you have answered your own poll? Because you loved me- Celine Dion

 Name a song you are embarrassed to admit that you like.

 Happy Chinese New Year!!!! All I can say is that I'm glad the Year of the Goat is over! We're into the Year of the Monkey now. I wish you guys were closer. I'm making Monkey Bread tonight. And some of the girls are coming over and we're going to go get Chinese take-away and beat the hell out of my dinosaur pinata, which we are first going to dress as a goat. You have to work with what you have, you know? Chris, as far as I know I'm free on the 24th, and right now, hitting the town sounds like a lot of fun. Then again, it's Wednesday in Tuesday's clothing, so the idea of heavy drinking is more appealing that usual. Too bad water isn't intoxicating. It's detoxicating.... Same rule applies, though. You wait as long as humanly possible to break the seal or you spend the rest of the day peeing. ;D

 Have I mentioned that I eat 6 year old Bulgarian children for breakfast. I was beating them at the ripe age of 4 (b/c everyone knows that if you are a TRUE checkers champ than you have to become a champ at the age of 4) although I didn't become an vodka or nicotine addict I did become extremely addicted to Yoo-Hoo's and Ding Dongs!

 Good Christ, you are one saucy minx. Jen, my checkers ability is insane. Starting at age 6, I began training with 82 year old Myrtle Walls aka Mamma Walls, wife of the legendary Daddy LeRoy and his golden spitoon. Not only was she my mentor, but also my great grandmother, rest her soul. She was good (a champion hailing from the hills of Virginia), but by the time I was 7, I began kicking her ass in humiliating fashion. I became so confident, I began playing with just one finger (now known as "Clarking"). Needless to say, my ability was stunning. To maximize my talent, she sent me to Bulgaria to match skills with 6 year old communist children. I became the Eastern Bloc champion and developed a serious smoking addiction. For more than two years, I ate the communists like one would eat Tic Tacs. President Reagan said my checkers ability could be a method of conquering communism. In 1982, I received a medal of honor, but that is as much as I can tell you about my government relations. After a fling with a Russian hooker that went terribly awry, I decided to give up checkers and focus my attention on the art of monkey training. At the age of 10, I was saddled with nicotine and vodka addictions and a disorder in which I uncontrollably yelled "King me, bitch.". I dont talk about it much but you have given me the motivation to once again dominate. Consider yourself a 6 year old Bulgarian child.

 Nothing new going on with me. Just getting bigger and bigger as the days go by. Really though if I hear one more person tell me when I should have little Emily (i.e. try waiting until this date or that date) I think that my girl is going to be born behind bars b/c her mamma is going to be locked away for killing someone. Even John's boss has gotten in on telling me when I should have her. Apparently alot of people want vacation time off in March for weddings and vacations and she wants me to wait to have this kid b/c it would be more convient for her! She also schedules John to close every shift he works so I sent a little note with his to work (like every good mommy should!) to let her know that beginning next Wed night and every Wed night in Feb he needs off b/c we have parenting classes that start at 7 pm. and wouldn't ya know it she schedules him to work on one Wed night until 7 and than the next Wed night until 8! I hate when people are in management and can't read!! And the thing is that I should either be taking the classes this month or last month but since it was the holiday season for retail I tried to make it so that it was easier on everyone if John was able to work without conflicts. Oh if you couldn't tell I think that I am having one of my rant and rave baby days. I'm just a tad grouchy. Oh well I'm about to go do laundry and for some reason laundry calms me down must be watching the clothes go round and round that is relaxing to me. Chris-The only chance you have at "destroying" me in checkers is if you show up the day I'm in labor since I will be a little more preoccupied. Other than that you have about as much chance as a snowball in hell in beating me!!! :) Also on the 24th John works until 9 but he might be up for going out with you guys. I will ask and let you know.

 Yesterday, there was no work. This morning, 62 emails, mostly concerned with enlarging my penis, selling me toner, refinancing my mortage, and selling me things like viagra and prozac from an online pharmacy. And that was just in my work email. I haven't even made it into Yahoo yet. Fabu. When my window was broken, I had the same reaction. I saw the glass, but it took me a minute to put together that something had gone horribly wrong. OK, I'd like to buy a house, I really would, but I just can't afford one. A condo I could swing, and still rent it out when I move in a couple of years. Chris, I have no idea what you said when you talked about PMI, but I know you did, so that's good. Nothing is set in stone yet, though I'm going to talk to Sarah and Rob's realtor soon and see what she says about all this. Then I'm going to talk to my Dad. Then we'll just see what happens. Like I said, I just don't know what to do. Only 7 months until we get our 20 cent an hour cost of living raise. I really hate money. We've got to start doing things out of the goodness of our hearts. Cars and houses should be free and food should be given away on street corners. Money sucks, and that's all there is to that. Oh, but I did get to shoot 4 different guns yesterday. Sarah and Rob took me out to the property of someone they know and we shot a whole lot of .22s. It was so much fun! And I'm pretty good, if I do say so myself. :) Actually, Rob said it and I'm quoting him. Still, it was great. It was too cold to stay out there for too long, but Sarah and I both got to shoot as much as we wanted, so that's pretty awesome. It's a good way to spend an afternoon. :) Suggest that to the wives as a girls' night out. I'm sure there are shooting ranges up there somewhere...:)

 You guys are hilarious. Chris...I am completely free the weekend of the 24th since my husband works til 10. Which means I can't bring "my man" to the "girls night out" party. Shit. I was looking forward to it too! Nothing really new here. Baby shower invitations will be in the mail on Monday. The favors were ordered on Thursday and I got them yesterday! I received Emily's and Steph's check in the mail on Saturday. I forgot to tell you, Em that I got your save the date card as well. Very cute. My husband and Eric broke one of our back porch windows on Friday. Busted the frame and everything. The funny thing is, I didn't even notice when I came home! I saw that there was broken glass on the floor but not the huge hole! It's only when I heard Bob say, "Oh shit. She's home. I'm in trouble now" that I realized something was amiss. Didn't I tell you traveling for business sucks?!

 That's what I should do! I shoudl tape Days all week and then watch it on Friday nights and let Marshall play! Oh, that would be perfect!!! Tavern on the Green would be cool. - Hey Cara- did anyone up there mention getting my save the date card? I'm just curious...

 Damn it, I forgot to set my VCR! Fridays are the best too for Days.... Kristie (bob's sister) is not engaged...YET. But the ring is being made, so I figure it's just a matter of time. I'm excited for her even if no one else in this family acts like it. Didn't I tell you guys she wants to get married at Tavern on the Green? That's a secret for some reason, so don't tell.

 Hmmm...I love my life- but sometimes I wish I was back as a sophomore in college again- that was one of the MOST fun years of my life. And I could still schedule classes and WORK around Days of Our Lives.

 When did Kristie get engaged? Am I confused? This is Bob's sister, right? What the hell? Why do I suddenly feel like I'm on crack and didn't know it before? Did I tell you guys about my friend Nina from middle school who's 2-year-old had liver cancer? They took out most of his liver and he had a lot of chemo, but he's doing fine now. I've been thinking about Nina quite a bit lately, after Suzy told me about Dylan, but I never got around to calling her. Last week, Suzy sent an email that one of our other friends, Scott (yes, the same Scott I kicked in the shins every day of our 6th grade year because I didn't want him to like me, an action that totally came back to haunt me in 9th grade when I fell in love with him even though he had a girlfriend and I was moving away), is going to be a daddy. Nina's email address was on there, so I finally figured out what to say and emailed her on Tuesday. She called last night and we talked for 3 and a half hours. Dylan is doing fine. I got to talk to him a couple of times and he and Nina were playing while she and I talked. I'm going to go meet up with them at the Children's Museum next Wednesday. I'm so excited! And one of our other friends is having a baby. Kelly Freidle and I used to see who could come up with the most creative insults during biology class. Unfortunately her shower is the same weekend of my uncle's wedding, which I agreed to go to on Tuesday night because I feel bad for Mom having to go to Ohio and stay with Grandma and not have anyone there to talk to who will actually listen and let her get a sentence out. I also miss my Aunt Renee, and Rebecca will have had her baby by then, so we should be able to see the new cousin-once-removed. We're not sure Rebecca is going to the wedding because she was so upset that Uncle Jerry is getting re-hitched so soon after Aunt Patty died. That funeral was last winter, wasn't it? Yes, I realize I'm asking you to remember an event that I went to, but that's what friends are for, right? ;D Anyway, so Rebecca is all upset that Uncle Jerry is getting married, but what she's not realizing is that the man can't take care of himself. He needs someone to cook and clean for him and trim the hairs off the end of his nose, out of his nostils, off and out of his ears, and from the bushiness of his eyebrows. I'm telling you, that man has more mis-placed facial hair than I care to think about. There was something else, but I forgot. I guess if I can't remember later, it was a thought that was never meant to be...;)

 Guys, I CAN'T quit. He's told me that I can't and I know I shouldn't until I get another job. It's frustrating as hell but my income is needed. I was unemployed before for a long time. This area is horrible because of the freakin' steel mills closing down. I'm applying for things but I never hear back. Nothing else new here. Bob's cat, Maggie, had to be put to sleep this weekend. I think he (yes, he) was over 18 years old. It was waaay overdue but now he's out of his misery. Krisitie is having a mock up of her engagement ring being made right now. I'm very excited even if bob is having a cow. I'm very curious about the size.

 Cara- I say- talk to Bob- then quit. You can always work a temp job if you have to for a little bit- and with your degree and experience, you shouldn't be unemployed for long. Sorry I was totally MIA- but Marshall and I were in Reno visiting my dad. The Verdict? Dad loves Marshall. They even hugged...you know, in that manly sort of way- but it was still a hug. I will say though- that I was awestruck by the views while we went snowmobiling around Lake Tahoe in the California side of the mountains. I've got pictures- Marshall has to upload them, then I'll share. Steph- that's really cool about that program. I just heard about one here (can't remember the name) where you can get assistance for your down payment- and as long as you stay there for 5 years, you don't have to pay it back. Do you have a house picked out yet? :) Chris- so glad you had a good day in court. Now, if only I could beat my speeding ticket. I can't exactly show up in court wearing a tie- I don't think this folks take kindly to gals dressin' like fellers around here. $98. Fuck. Oh, and Cara- I think we should both totally quit...I had a pseudo performance review- and was told that even though he thinks I'm doing great, and there's just a few improvement points, that salary things will not be talked about until October...WTF? I was told 6-8 months when I was hired....fucker. Grrr... Oh, weird occurrance. Me and Marshall were in bed last night- after coming home from the airport (fuck, where did all the ice come from?). Anyway- so, just after 1:00am- we here this REALLY loud bang- kind of like a boom- with more of knock...We both sat straight up in bed...I'm not sure- but I swear it was a gunshot- I kept expecting to hear other horrible things...and I live in a NICE neighborhood now. .. .Anyway- if the apt. building is surrounded by police tape- I guess we'll know. My word of the day: Fuck.

 If your job is really that bad than I would quit. When John really hated working at the lodge I told him that I was ok with him quitting. When you are so unhappy that it makes life at home rough it's not worth it. He also knew that he had to find a job quickly so he quit than went to one of the temp agencies where he started to work for Sprint in-direct and than he kept moving his way up in the company so now he works for Sprint Corporate and loves his job. Hates his idiot manager but loves the location where he is at and the money that he is making. But if I wouldn't have let him quit or rather been to afraid to let him quit than he wouldn't be in the position that he is in now. Fear does have away of allowing you to find a job quick and sometimes you are suprised at what you find. Steph-glad to hear about you getting closer and closer to getting a house. That must be so exciting. Not sure if you want to view the checkers match between me and Slappy. It might be embarrasing to watch a grown man cry!!

 Is it blizzarding where you all are today? I'm really enjoying watching the snow now. Cleaning off the car was a pain, especially since the 3 inches of snow were carefully guarding a pretty thick layer of ice, but the defroster is an amazing thing. It's not really a blizzard yet, but the flakes are really big and fluffy and it's blowing pretty hard out there, so it's all pretty. I'm glad I brought my broom in my car. It'll make cleaning the silly thing off so much easier this afternoon. You know what? Just quit. Remember the job fear? Rachel quit working at the Central Perk and she found a job really fast because of the fear? And since life so conveniently mirrors Friends, it should be just that easy for both Em and Cara to find jobs they like. I'm going to go watch the guy in the horn suit. It's Tuesday, and therefore that kind of morning.

 Oh he knows I wanna quit. Coming home from work or going to work in tears is a pretty big hint, even for bob. Plus all the whining...It keeps getting worse and it's starting to show in my performance and attitude here. But I can't quit before I get another job. I know that...it's just that I'm afraid I'll do it impulsively because I'm upset about something. I would kill Bob for doing that so I know I can't do it. But I would LOVE to.....

 With the economy as crappy as it is, you might want to find another job before you quit this one. At least you're employed, you know? I would talk to Bob first, though, and look at the finances and see how things look. Then you can think about quitting. I'm sorry you hate your job so much. I know how that goes. We've all had crappy jobs in the past, and it's never easy to deal with. My two weeks of telemarketting was more than enough to convince me that selling anything is not for me. It's just not something I do, you know? Nothing new here. I'm in my usual post-lunch stupor. I thought food was supposed to energize you. I didn't even eat my cupcake, so it's not like I'm all sugared up. Lord, last Thursday reminded me why I don't eat sugar all the time. Left over Monkey Bread, that delightful little chocolate cherry cheesecake coffee cake... and no milk for breakfast cereal so I my breakfast was all wonky... It was an exciting morning. I don't remember much of it, but I know I was here...

 i don't know. i don't think you should have to ask him, but you might want to tell him that you are thinking about quitting. it's probably best to talk about it before actually doing something. i hate jobs that make me sick to even go to. borders started getting like that for me, as well as other jobs before it.

 I know the answer to this question, but I'll ask anyway: Would it be wrong to quit my job without consulting my husband? Even if the thought of coming in here one more day makes you depressed as hell?

 congratulations, chris, on beating the system! don't feel guilty, they screw people all the time. i would love to see the checkers tournament, sounds like it will be a bloody battle. sounds like john's boss is a real winner. first she tells you when to have your baby and then she schedules john to work when you need him for classes. she obviously knows what you guys are doing but just doesn't give a shit. how do people like that get into management? i finally finished my homebuyers training course today. 2 saturdays of 6 hour classes. i hate waking up early on the weekened. but at least now i qualify for 4% down payment assistance, which means i probably won't have to pay anything for that. now to get a seller who will pay closing costs... mardi gras is coming up so i will have tons of beads if anyone is interested. today, i think it got to about 65 degrees. i'll try sending warm weather up there, but i don't know if it will cooperate.

 Cara- that is so funny. And Karissa is right- now it will happen ALL the time. Marshall even rates mine now...but what a stepping stone for Bob :) West Virginia is way better than Cumberland Maryland- other than a less total count of teeth.

 Oh, and one more thing. I'm going to get all of you copies of "The Idiot Girls' Action-Adventure Club." Yes, Chris, you too. I had it on my Amazon shopping list and picked it up last weekend. If it's not a flash-back to our LUSH days, I don't know what is. So, now you all know what to expect for your birthdays, and my work here is done. :)

 Cara, this is news I've been waiting for! You are now OFFICIALLY an old married couple...;) That is so funny! I'm going to giggle about it all day! And the funny thing is, now that he's done it once, he's going to do it all the time. The flood gates have opened and the wind is a-blowin'! Jen, are these like Amazon women or are they built more like me? Some women just squirt the kids right out, no problem. Personally, I think an epidural is the way to go, but that's just me. Then again, if I ever have another cavity in my teeth, I'm going to be screaming for a reverse epidural (no, this doesn't really exist because most people think it's a bad thing to be paralyzed from the neck up), but that's just because I hate having dental work done. I keep getting Braxton-Hicks contractions mixed up with the Meyers-Briggs personality test. All those guys, coming up with stuff, I just don't know.

 IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT: After 1 year, 3 months and 22 days of marriage BOB FINALLY FARTED! A very important day in our relationship. Here's something that a co-worker asked me and I couldn't give an exact answer that maybe one of you can help me with. His live-in girlfriend of one year wants to get married. He told her before they started that he doesn't want to get married again. He was in a marriage of 7 years and has been divorced for three years. They have a kid. He still doesn't want to get married and doesn't understand why women place such a high importance on marriage. He's more than willing to continue living with her and even having children... But I couldn't explain in words WHY women (not all women) can't settle for a committed relationship without the piece of paper....

 Marshall gave me the first part of my valentine's day gift...this is so funny, but so cute. It is a black T-shirt that says "I *heart* my geek". yeah...ya gotta love the fuzzy red head...

 Slappy-Hope that it's snowing in hell the day that you think that you will beat me in checkers. In other words keep dreaming. So John and I had our 1st lamaze type class yesterday. Of course we can't have our class w/o running into someone from Whiteland that recognizes John. We watched a birthing video (1 of many that we will be viewing) where the lady didn't have an epidural. She told her husband at one point that the labor wasn't so bad. I looked at John and told him that will not be coming out of my mouth at anytime. I mean I'm having the fakies every once in awhile now and those aren't so bad but I think that when the main event happens I will be singing a different tune! All John had to say was why is it that every video we see of pregnant women they are large and in charge ladies. I mean he realizes that woman are large when they are pregnant but seriously these women are huge and scary so it makes everything look scary. No BOOBIES this week though.

 Karissa, Make sure you look into the Nehemiah program for first time home buyers- this can save you THOUSANDS from your down payment on a house. But otherwise, sounds like a good plan- because if she's paying you to live in a house you are building equity in, then you are saving money WHILE making a good investment.....Great idea!!

 I'm following everyone else's lead. I'm looking for a house. Ok, so really, I'm going to call around to various banks and see if any of them are crazy enough to loan me a large quantity of money. Then I'm going to call my insurance agent and see how much a policy would set me back annually. Then I'll be house hunting. Hey, my BOOBIES! need to have a place to call home...;) I had so much fun at the Children's Museum yesterday! It was like no time had passed since Nina and I saw each other last. I mean, yes, there were obvious changes in our lives, like she has a son and is divorced and I'm an aunt twice over and an insane kitten lady, but other than that, it was just the same. She's actually part of the reason I'm looking for a house. At some point she's going to be going to grad school. If she can get in here, I'm hoping and and Dylan will come and live with me. They need a place to stay and I need someone to take care of. I know, all of the girls have lived with me and you know I'm not the greatest roommate ever (and that was before the crazy set in), but I need someone to share my life with, and since there are no male takers, I really like the idea of a friend moving in. I've been living alone long enough that this sounds like the thing to do. Maybe it won't work out and I'll have the house all to myself. I don't know. But that's not a bad thing, either. One thing at a time, you know? So we'll just see. I always figured that I'd be a dual-income family by this age, so buying a house wouldn't be a big deal. That obviously isn't working out, so I'm going to take charge of my own life and do what I want. Anyway, I'd better get some work done. And finish our job description thing so maybe we can get more money, which would be a lovely way to be able to afford a new house. Buying lottery tickets is also on the agenda, but that can wait a bit. ;) More later, KJT:)

 yeah, i don't really like clowns, don't know why either. they just look creepy. only 6 weeks till little emily is born! wow, it will fly by i'm sure. i had a dream a couple of weeks ago that you found out that it was actually a boy. you were telling me, "yep, they found a penis so it's official". it was funny the way you said it too. like the others said, i don't think a hernia will go away on its own. still searching for a house. we found one within blocks of where we watch the parades on mardi gras. problem is the owner took it off the market (don't know why) so i called the assessor's office to get the owner's name and then i sent her a certified letter today asking if she was still interested. i hope she is. slappy: BOOBIES ! just thought i'd get your attention. jen, have fun at your classes! cara- i hope the chiropractor makes you feel better! and i hope you find a job that doesn't make you miserable soon. any luck?

 The word "boobies" should always be formatted as so BOOBIES! . This will allow for me to easily find any mentions of the word. The word BOOBIES! should not be used lightly, however, it should be used often. Thank you for your cooperation.

 My dad had a hernia for 7 years and didnt do anything till it started protruding from his lower side. Idiot. Jen, in April I will kick your ass in checkers prior to going out. Me - master. You - Bulgarian child. Funny how a job change can alleviate depression and heavy drinking. River Phoenix? Is that in Arizona?

 Cara, I don't know why I called it Back in the Saddle Again. I know I had a reason when I wrote it, but now I have no idea, so I changed it. We can call it whatever you all want, though, so just let me know. I don't like clowns, either, but they aren't quite as scary as dolls. Unless it's a clown doll, and then don't even think I'm coming near it. Which actually reminds me of the dead spider that Garry found out behind the loading dock. He doesn't like spiders, either, but he had more fun with this one than I care to think about. It was a huge wolf spider, at least two inches from front to back. He had it on a piece of paper, and for some reason, I was convinced that if I got too close to him, Garry would throw it at me. I don't know why I thought that. I just know that I didn't get within half a room from it. Garry took some pretty funny pictures of it, though, so if you want to see them, I'll be happy to email them. Still, it was a huge spider, and I'm so glad it was dead I can't even express it in words. One of the old book storage places sprang a leak today. I spent all afternoon climbing up and down ladders and taping plastic sheeting together with Abby. It was fun for a while, but then we got tired. Now I'm all weird. Not that that is a change from the usual me, but it's just a bit more extreme. Em, my aunt had a hernia. It's when your intestines push through the muscle wall of your abdomin, so it would be lower abdominal pain and it would be pretty intense. Unfortunately, the surgery for women is way more complicated and invasive than the one for men. Men can have out patient and be back to work the next day. If you have a hernia, you'll be laid out for the whole 6 week recovery period. On the up side, you get good drugs. Really good drugs. But those muscles can get pulled pretty easily, too, so if you're up and around, that's probably all it is. Just take it easy, don't do any heavy lifting, and be careful. A hernia won't heal itself, so if you think you have one, take it to the doctor now, before it gets worse. And don't make me come up there and drag you to the doctor because I'll do it.

 Steph is the one that hates clowns. I don't mind them so much. I'm the one that hates birds. April will be fine and fun. I'm sure by then I will want to get out of the house and I'm sure grandma won't mind watching the little bambino for awhile. Cara-I forgot that I didn't give you any money for the movie. So I owe you one. Nothing new here in my little world. Just getting bigger and bigger everyday. John and I go for our first expectant parent class this week. Last week was all about the boobies (it was a breastfeeding class) so John was excited. What is it with men and boobies! Only 6 more weeks until the main event.

 Um...I think I had a hernia when I was little. I don't think they go away on their own. I think you have to have surgery. My 21st was the best. It was the best because I went to Bluebird and half of homunculus was playing with a different band. My Kevin Shima was there to help me celebrate. (According to Tim and Jason, I stared at him open mouthed most of the time in front of the stage. Which was REALLY bad since I was pretty much at his crotch level.) I already told Emily this but this will make ALL of you feel REALLY OLD: Erin, Bob's cousin who is a senior in high school, had no clue who River Phoenix was.

 Oh- one other thing. Have any of you ever had a hernia problem? If so, what does it feel like- and where. And will it go away on it's own?

 April would be good- I don't think I have any trips then either- so almost any weekend would work. My birthday falls on a Sunday this year- but we could relive my 21st(6 years later) at Kilroy's with some pitchers of long islands. ...Well, ok, minus hitting on the 50 yr old man. And minus the puking the next day... Ok- scratch that...let's just have a good night out- forget the "reliving" thing. . .:) Jen and John came over on Saturday night and we watched a couple of movies- which was fun. We were supposed to go with Tim for the weekend, but Marshall and I backed out- because I was afraid his ex-stripper girlfriend was going to parade around nekid (and I'm not joking). Cara- by the time I remembered you were in town on Saturday and we decided not to go to Louisville, you and Jen were already in the movie- so I'm sorry I missed you, it would have been nice to see you. How does one HATE chipmunks????

 I'm thinking sometime in April. Jen's going to be pretty busy the month of March...being a new mommy and all..... Oh god....I'm here at work again....someone put me out of my misery.... Can you believe that I'm counting down the hours until I go to the chiropractor?? It's my first visit and if he doesn't "adjust" me tonight, I think I'll strangle him.

 I know you didnt ask, but I hate chipmunks. Everyone check your social calendars and throw out some dates for Bloomington Night Out. Em, we got your save the date card. Liz liked the pictures...very nice! Why must I get sinus infections?

 Karissa....why did you name this blogger "back in the saddle again"? Just curious. Steph/Jen....I know Em hates clowns but there is someone else who doesn't like them either. Which one of you hates them?

 cara- sorry about that, i didn't pay attention, for some reason i thought it said the opposite. yeah, i'll be here. that will be cool. just let me know what your plans are and i'll come see you. or if we have a house you can come see it. it's perfect weather around that time too. my boss claims 25 exemptions!!! but he is a certified accountant who does other people's taxes so he knows all the loopholes and shit.

 No, Steph. I was wondering if you'll be in New Orleans the same time Bob and I will be there. I'm pretty sure we're going there for vacation. Bill (who has 3 kids and a wife) claimed 9 exemptions and still got a 1,000 on his tax return. Go figure.

 unfortunately i won't be there that soon. actually, until i get a house it's pretty certain i won't be there before becoming a homeowner. but hopefully it won't be long. chris- always declare 0 exemtions for taxes and you'll get a refund. i use the money better when i get it all in one lump sum rather than a little more each check. borders screwed up and put 3 exemptions on my w2 so i ended up oweing over $200 that year. and i didn't have a job then either.

 Steph....Will you be in New Orleans the week of April 11th?

 Our favorite Bush isn't just against gay marriage. He's out to screw everyone in the country who isn't a WASP, and rich male ones at that. What he really needs is a fucking pointed hood and a bedsheet. At least that would be truth in advertising. Then he and all of his money-Christian friends would at least be recognizible for what they are. Well, it's finally Friday. The shortest day of my week, and generally the least productive. Especially today. We had a big breakfast here this morning. I brought in my waffle iron, Polly has and electric griddle for scrambled eggs, and I made a fresh Monkey Bread, and that's just the beginning. Garry brought in already cooked bacon so all he had to do was nuke it. And he brought in Morningstar sausages, which really aren't that bad for being a completely meatless product. Then Eric, one of our students, brought in li'l Smokey Links and Pigs In A Blanket made out of the Smokey Links. It was like a meat-fest with sugar food support. Jake came in late and brought a fruit plate and some jam, but by then it was a little late to eat waffles with jam, but the fruit was a big hit. It wasn't the meat or the carbs that pushed me over the edge of comfort. It was the strawberries and grapes. Needless to say, I'm really glad I didn't bother to pack a lunch. :) Cara, go to www.illwillpress.com/vault.html and watch some cartoons. You'll feel better. :) Especially after listening to a squirrel bitch... Be sure you watch "5 More Minutes" and "Transcendental Melee." I mean, most of the cartoons are great, but those two just make me feel warm and fuzzy inside..:)

 I'm appalled by any president who is so against gay marriage. I don' t know how any decent person would deny that right to anyone. If he doesn't believe in it, I think he should at least keep his mouth shut. Isn't that one of the things a politician is able to do is give us the run around? I'm so glad it's Friday. One more day of this shit and I'll die of boredom and disgust.

 Well...that's the greatest way I've started a morning in a long time... I love a good Bush bashing- however, Chris, I'm sorry to hear that you owe- that sucks. I'm still waiting for one more form to see what the damage is. I'm hoping that my last year of an educational credit balances out the penalty for taking out my measley 401K from Sprint when I left. Then I might actually get a refund... At this point- I will vote for ANY Democratic candidate that is against Bush- I DON'T CARE who it is- just get him out of office- as quickly as possible.. What's scariest about us all getting older is that this fuck is the one who is going to make us all poor in our old age. I got a Social Security statement the other day- and it said, at my current income rate- if I work until I'm 62, I'd get like $585/MONTH- that's it? After freaking working my ass off for almost 50 years? But if I work till I'm 70, then I'll get like $1200/month. HOWEVER, there was an asterick here. So, I followed it- to where it said "*Unless Congress Changes Laws that effect this rate of retun"....How much you wanna bet???

 Fuck the IRS and fuck their fucking taxes. Those fucking fucks can fuck themselves. We're moving to fucking Barbados. Motherfuckers. Yes. I owe those fuckers money. Holy fucking shit. Yeah, let's take more money from working folks so that monkey fuck can bomb fucking sand dunes and contemplate shooting small dogs to Mars. Fuck you George, you smarmy motherfucker. I'd like to shove my W2 up your ass and then beat you with a plastic coat hanger. Rat bastard fuck.

 Chris- I'm MUCH better today- though- now that my nasal passages aren't clogged up- I have to CONSTANTLY carry a tissue to make sure I don't drain on my shirt. I won't be available on the 28th either- we are going to STIMULI (what used to be known as the Eroticon ball) in B-ton. It's costume only- and I'll be a devil girl- anywho. When Marshall was in college- he (in a very round about way) befriended this girl, who goes by "Moth" who is a professional dominatrix- wonderfully sweet girl- would not want to be her sub though....Anyway- but they are very close- and Marshall used to be a bouncer at her former club in Muncie- so she asked us to attend- and so we are... And for all those wondering- NO- Marshall is not (nor am I) into the dom/sub lifestyle... Just wanted to put budding rumors to rest ;) I think Valentine's Day is ok as long as people don't expect million dollar presents or the insistence that it must be all lovey dovey- Marshall and I are going out to dinner on Friday (instead of fighting the crowd's on Saturday) but it is also our exact 8 month anniversary- while we don't celebrate each little month anniversary- since it falls on Vday- we thought it was sort of special- so simply, we are going to Olive Garden, which was the sight of our first "official" date as a couple. Otherwise, it's a Hallmark Holiday. I get to see the Mommy-to-be tonight! I'm so excited- I feel like I haven't seen her in forever!!

 No, "My Monkey Friends" is no longer in print. I went to Amazon and tried to find a copy, but it simply doesn't exist. Don't even get me started on Valentine's Day. It's one of those things that requires a rooftop and an AK-47. Also, I wish I were going to be in Indiana on the 28th. Stupid wedding in Ohio!

 Is "My Monkey Friends" still in print?? How are you feeling Em? I still cant get over whatever I have. Two weeks and counting. Damn. All of those places sound cool. Since Liz cant go (no vacation days left), I cant go anywhere too cool or she would pummel me. I have a friend in London so I thought I would go there then hop over to Ireland, rent a car, and drive down the coast. I've always wanted to do that and it should be relatively cheap. Either that or fishing with my dad in Alaska. Valentines Day is stupid. I think I'll be in Indy on Feb. 28th. Beer? Anyone? Anyone? Bueller? Bueller?

 I did go to Venice, but I think I was in Milan when I was attacked by pigeons. I never did get a copy of that picture, though I'd still love to have one. Too bad I screwed things up so badly with Jess. Also too bad she's not the forgive-and-forget type. If anyone goes to Venice, they have have to bring me back one of the little stained glass necklaces. I'll pay you back, of course. I should have gotten one when I was there. That and one of the little glass bags with a glass goldfish. And you have to go see Santa Lucia. I still say the Catholics are weird for not burying their saints. Then again, that's kind of part of being a saint. You can't offend anybody even after you die, and since society hates a rotting corpse... Switzerland is gorgeous. It's very clean and very proper and the people are very polite and helpful. In Italy, you're family to everyone you meet. We got to Milan late one night and we went to this hotel that was recommended by the "Let's Go Europe" (which you should definitely invest in if you're going to be travelling there). Well, it was full, but the guy got on the phone and called his brother-in-law who had a hotel on the next block so we went and stayed with him and got a deal on the rooms because we knew someone in his family. It was great! And the guy who owned the hotel we were staying in gave us a Christmas bread thingy that we ate for breakfast for the next three days. We have them here now, too, but I can't remember what the bread is called. Oh, and we wanted to find a wine shop so we asked him if he knew where one was and he said that if he'd known we wanted wine, he would have brought us some from his family vineyard in Tuscany. The Italians and the Irish both take you in and take care of you like family, so those are great places to visit. Oh, and if you wanted to go to Ireland, let me know and I'll talk to my cousin about getting a couple of maps of some of the cities that will let you know where not to go if you want to make it to your return flight. Abby is going to be student teaching over there next spring for about 10 weeks and they are giving the kids all kinds of useful survival information. And truthfully, while I loved Italy, I'm going to have to say that Scotland was my favorite. Yes, I'm completely biased and am quite proud of my Scots heritage, but I think I had the most fun there with Cara and Steph and Jen. It was beautiful and interesting and a few people wore kilts and had great accents and the castle is built on an extinct volcano. A volcano. In Scotland. The mind boggles...:)

 I would go to Venice. It looks like it would be the most amazing city. Karissa, didn't you go there? Where did you get attacked by all those pigeons? Did you ever get a picture of that? I would actually go anywhere if I had the opportunity. That includes Iraq, Siberia, North Pole...wherever. I get the biggest kick out of watching Where in the World is Matt Lauer on the Today show. This week he's been in Africa, Switzerland, Hong Kong and Russia. I think Bob and I are going somewhere the week of April 11. I'm hoping for Mexico but I think it's going to be too expensive. Steph, how is the weather in New Orleans in April?? I just ate a dougnut and now I feel sick...

 I wish that our copier doubled as a scanner. The best book I've ever seen was just sent to us and I wish I could share the title page and first picture with you. You'll just have to use your imagination...:) It's called "My Monkey Friends," by Mrs. Charles E.B. Russell, copyright 1938. Well, at least that's its first publishing date. A second run was printed ten years later. And you know how in some books you have a picture of the author opposite the title page? Well, in this one, it pictures, and I quote, "M'Poondi - my best friend." He looks kind of like a spider monkey, but don't hold me to that. I'm not really up to date on the primate front. If you can fly anywhere, why not go up to Alaska in the summer? Sarah Livingston said it was just beautiful, even if it wasn't as warm there as it was here. There are moose and bears and all kinds of neat things. You can go out on whale watching expeditions and all sorts of stuff. Personally, I think no humidity and spring weather sounds lovely. Of course, I could never live there. Depressive in the land of Eternal Midnight? Yeah, that's not a good idea...:) Oh, but if you'd like to see some of the things that Sarah saw, you can go to her website and look at her pictures. I know you don't know her, but there are some really beautiful shots. http://alaska.sallivin.com/index.html

 Chris- my vote? Casablanca, Morocco- I just saw a wedding story there- and OH MY GOD it was so beautiful. Oh, and doing the possible night out drinking on 4/3 won't work for me (as I originally thought) because Marshall's cousin is getting married that night- so we have to go to the wedding in Tell City (near Evansville)....zoinked again!

 sore throat + fever= Emily stays at home sick for the day. Kudos for the man who takes a 1/2 day to run errands and make her feel better. This sick shit is for the birds.

 Serious romance. It's scary cause whenever I belch, she farts. It's just magical that way. I have enough flyer miles to go anywhere in the world. Where should I go?

 Wow, Chris, if that's not romance, I just don't know what is...;)

 No condo. I dont know Oak Park very well so we decided to drive around the neighborhood. The part we were familiar with was really nice, but when you go three blocks east, it gets scary. Really scary. So we went back to CHI and looked at a few other places, one of which the wife fell in love with. It's old and quirky and you can see the entire skyline from the living room. The closets are as big as a bedroom...she drooled. Em, how was WV? Did you bungee jump off the New River Gorge bridge? My wife can fart 9 times in a row. The other night she grinned and said she was training for the Olympics.

 Chris...Any word on the condo yet??

 every website- with the exception of livejournal and blogger, that I frequent on a more than daily basis is down today. This is terrible! Em

 Cunningham, did you change your email addy? Keeps getting sent back to me. Booya.

 I found Ms. B!!! Poor gal is at home very sick with intestinal flu! It occurred to me that it's unlike her to write or blog, so I thought maybe I'd leave a voice message at home (and my suspicion that she'd be there)- so I took it upon myself to wake her up (sorry 'Rissa!) She will be attending on Saturday, provided that she's healthy enough to. Just wanted to give the update...

 My vice is the ever tempting plasma tv. Luckily for me, my wife has the same vice. However, most of our "we're never gonna save any money" fights are the result of her buying another pair of shoes or me spending $25 per week on carmelized coffee beverages and/or beer. Our little gay friend is having a one man performance should you be interested and within an hours drive to chicago (ie. cara). The description of the play pretty much describes him. Gary Stereo Raves On Stage Left Theatre 3408 N. Sheffield Ave. This one-man comedy by Chicago actor/playwright Sean Ewert is the story of an aging gay club kid and his shot at fame as a high-end handbag designer. Mar. 2 - Mar. 30 Tuesdays, 8 p.m. Presented by: Nurse Agnes Productions Price: $10. A portion of proceeds benefit Chicago Canine Rescue Tickets: Box office: 312-961-0849.

 Well, John and I took a tour of the Maternity Ward last night in class and so we now know where we are going. I really don't think that it is going to be long now. I am having more and more signs of labor like last night I woke up with horrible craps, but was able to go back to sleep and feel ok today. I told my little Emily that she had to wait until at least after her shower on Saturday so that we can enjoy all the hard work that her aunties Cara and Em have done for her. John had wanted to wait and buy a digital camera closer to her due date for her birth but I gave him my big 'ole hazel eyes and said that since I am feeling so yucky lately and since our shower is on Saturday and since our tax checks are coming in next week can we get the camera sooner. He agreed and yesterday went into Best Buy asked all of his questions and than gave me the money today to go purchase it! Yeah you know your getting old when you get excited about new electronic purchases, plus it doesn't help that John is an electronic junkie. Mrs. C-Tell Bob a driveway is a better purchase like Em said. Besides where the hell would you guys keep a boat or a motorcycle? You guys would have to rent a storage unit to keep them in, which means that is less money a month for other things. K-hope everything is ok and that we get to enjoy your compnay on Saturday. It's bad enough that Steph can't come up but it would really stink to have 2 of the Grant Street 5 missing.

 Maybe K~ is just busy- but it's been a WEEK since any of us heard from her. I even tried email....hope all is ok.... Karissa!!! write to us :)

 Wow- sounds like conversations I have on occassion with a husband-to-be. Who happens to want a new computer when we need to save for a house, entertainment center (the other pieces), a WEDDING! and the honeymoon... Maybe explain it in equity. If you have a new driveway, you'll build equity which means you'll have more money for a boat later.

 Husbands piss me off.... What makes more sense...buying a boat or getting a new driveway? Buying a motorcycle or getting a radon system? Then he has the nerve to whine that he "never gets anything he wants!" Never mind that he got a NEW car (that now smells like smoke) plus an old clunker that just sits and rusts. He can't answer me when I asked him to name all the stuff that I got that I want. I told him that this is what it's like to be an adult and married.

 Yeah- where are you, Ms. B???? Still attending this weekend aren't you? Haven't heard a word from ya- and I KNOW you got my Vday e-card.... :)

 What happened to Ms. Beaverhausen?? Haven't heard from her in a week!

 I still dont have my Children's email account, but when I do it will be cclark@childrensmemorial.org. Until then, just email me at cmclark28@att.net or my work phone is 773-975-8739. I dont know too much about the gaming industry up here, but I do know Day 1 and Midway Games are up here and they are big. So's Valkyrie Studios in Palatine, Konami has an office in Buffalo Grove and TerraGlyph Interactive Studios is in Chicago. I think Chicago is big for the board game industry...lots of smaller companies turning video games into board games. Re: college...I'd say look into Columbia College, Ill. Inst. of Art, or IIT. They all have programs in that general area.

 Chris- what's the best way to reach you during the day ?? What email address? Marshall now wants to research moving to the Chi-area to puruse a career in gaming- I support this- because it means I don't have to move to California, and I can be near family and friends. I just have to help him find a gaming company and or school to attend in the area for such a career. Any assistance would be appreciated. Did I mention ever that I hate my job? I've spent all morning lost in zip code hell! (Cara, I know you understand this).

 Em...no i didn't get an written invitation but Kristy invited me so I'm going. It's being thrown by someone I don't know so I guess that's why I didn't get one. That shower is on Sunday so my weekend is full. I lied about knowing 4 pregnant women...I know 6.

 Kristie's email is the 2nd one cara listed- i just emailed her. I swear, everyone is pregnant- hope I can hold off for awhile! (after Jen, I don't believe BC is fail-proof). I guess this is good though for Jenny D- I hope she's really happy and has a totally healthy child. I swear, i could pull a George and take a nap under my desk right now.

 Cara- we were wondering- did you ever get an invite to the surprise shower that you wouldn't attend without one??? Just curious...

 Is it in the water or what? Jenny Devlin is the 4th pregnant woman I know now. Good lord. Only one of them was really planned! I THINK Kristie's email address is kristencunningham2@ey.com or it's kristen.cunningham2@ey.com

 Well, Cara and Em know this but little Emily scared the heck out of me last night. I started having fakies really close together on top of not feeling well. But thanks to Mrs. C and later on Em I was talked down off the labor ledge and didn't have to make the jump quite yet. I am feeling better and talked to the Dr and he said that it is not uncommon for me to start getting the fakies more frequently and that they will become stronger to prepare my body for the main event. I can't wait for her to be born to see what she looks like and I am sick of being pregnant but I am scared shitless about going into labor. So we shall see. I honestly don't think that it will be much longer now. I hope that I can last out through the shower though. Congrats to you Chris. Hopefully she and her hubbie will stop smoking the peace pipe. They will do a drug test on her when she goes to the Dr unless she is going to go to a midwife and than I don't know what they do. Em-take a deep breath. You have so many more weeks until it's time to panic. You already have so much accomplished so take a deep breath and enjoy the ride.

 Ohh, I love a good concussion during the "event" story : ) I'll definitely fwd. the info to you when I hear. It might already be posted on the CMH website. This really is a great place to work...they truly take care of you. Well, I'm gonna be an "Uncle". My cousin called this morning to tell me she is 2 months pregnant. I think this is totally unexpected but they both sound thrilled. Congrats to Kristie and Mike. Do you have Kristie's email address?

 Ok- i'm wrong- there are 33 weeks. I was doing simple math (7 months x 4 weeks). I feel better now.

 Yeah- and Chris- if they have a satellite position in Indy- i'm all about it. Cara- i can TOTALLY relate to the dying inside - really. This position is stifling. I'm really happy for Kristie- I don't remember how her and Mike met- but they do suit each other very well. Ok- Bloomington binge night- I can't attend the weekend of 4/17 either- we are tentatively going to Memphis to visit my grandma. Scary realization last night- I send my wedding invitations in 5 months and 1 week. There are less than 230 days. There are less than 30 weeks until I'm an old married lady....yikes!

 Chris...definitely let me know when they post that position. I have to get the fuck out of Able. I'm dying here inside. I know that sounds extreme but it's true. Jen....Hope you are feeling better now. It was great talking to and distracting you. Who knows...we might have a little guest of honor at the shower!! I can't wait for that kid to be born. I just wanna know who shes going to look like more. By the way, KRISTIE IS ENGAGED! He popped the question on Valentines Day and I'll see her Sunday. I can't wait to see this ring. Pam showed me a picture of something similiar and it's not what I expected. There are SOOO many diamonds on it. The band has diamonds in a channel and on the sides of the channel. If that makes any sense. Bob said that he was happy for her. I was going to pummel him if he said any different. They are thinking June of next year. No word yet on location.

 Ok- have to share a story- Jen and Cara have already heard it- but Chris will understand why this is pretty funny too. Marshall and I tend to have a Sunday morning ritual- don't know why- but it is always just sleep in and then wake up to something a little more "interesting"- anyway- as we were involved in our "ritual"- we had a very big, HEAVY glass candle (big enough for 2 wicks) that resides on our headboard- or did- until it FELL ON MY HEAD making me see stars! I was stunned with silence at first, Marshall started to laugh- until the tears started streaming down my face and I started wailing like a little girl. It hurt SO bad! I have a bruise- it's a red line right across my forehead at the point of impact.... Even so- we tried to continue on and conquer- but that wasn't about to happen- as one of the cats decided to saunter into our room and promptly puke on the carpt. Lovely.

 I'm due on March 11th. I'm registered at Target and Babies R Us. I'm interested in seeing In America. John has been giving me money to go see movies during the day since I won't be able to see new movies for awhile. So far I have seen: Barbershop 2-freaking hilarious Love Actually-very good british romantic comedy Mystic River-a little slow but I really liked the acting plus I read the book before so I knew all the plot twists I think that I am going to see today Monster and/or Mona Lisa Smiles. Sorry to hear that the house hunting is getting old, but I feel the same way about being pregnant right now.

 Jen, where are you registered? You're due in April, right? Cara, I talked to someone today about the Events Coordinator job here. It sounds more administrative but with an events and public relations slant. You might be overqualified, but the benefits here are excellent and you'd get 30 days off per year! Plus, I'd have a lunch buddy. If you're interested, I think you'd interview with Jennie Steffus (she remembered your name...). I think they just posted the description so I'll fwd. it when I get it. In America is a great movie. House hunting gets old quick.

 nothing new here. just ready for me to pop out my little one. sleep is something that is starting to turn into the thing of the past. i guess though it will be good practice for the sleepless nights that i'm going to be having soon. john and i went out to dinner last night with em and marsh and had a good time of course john ran into someone from whiteland (jason newhouse-he finally got passed his squeaky mouse voice and got him a grownup voice). other than that same ole stuff different day!!

 BOOBIES! and gambling!?!? Goddamit, you ladies are speaking my language. Just the other night I was thinking I need more BOOBIES! and gambling in my life. I do love BOOBIES and gambling. Date/Time: 3/3 at 1:43am Size: 6lbs. 1 and 3/4 ounces The shot is MINE. Believe dat.

 Marshall's guess- 3/11 2:00pm, weighing in at 7 lbs 2 oz.

 mardi gras was exhausting. went to bourbon street-TWICE, which wasn't tooooo bad. but still walking THRU trash (not over or around it). saw lots of BOOBIES on bourbon. adam's friend had 2 of his friend's out and they bought a video camera and captured the BOOBIES on film. it was actually fun to watch these women bare all for plastic beads. i'll tell you another quick titty story a little later. it rained like a son of a bitch monday, but adam and i still went to the parade orpheus (the one harry connick jr started- yep, he was in it too). i'm still tired and i called in on wednesday. i'll tell you more about it later, i gotta get some stuff done here at work before i take off. talk to you soon!!!

 Steph-How was Mardi Gras?

 steph's partially blind bet: date/time:3/1 5am (the blind part since i haven't seen how big/small you are) size: 6lbs 2 oz. :)

 Good guess Em. Marshall is also included just ask him what he thinks and post it!

 Emily's Bet- born 3/2 at approx 8pm. Size- 6 lbs. 8 oz.

 You guys must have been reading my mind b/c John and decided to put a bet out to see who could guess when she will be born and what time. We are also putting a side bet out on who can guess how big she will be. Who ever gets either the closest we will by a drink/shot the next time we all go out. So here are our guesses: John-Date-3/4 at 11 pm Size-6 pounds 3 oz Me-Date-2/29 at 10:30 pm Size-6 pounds 5 ozs Happy Betting!

 I made a bet last night with them when we went to dinner- my guess is this coming Tuesday- mark my words.

 It can't be this weekend because I'm going to Ohio tomorrow morning. Actually, that's why I'm posting. I'll have my cell with me, but it's probably not going to work in the stoney hills of Pickaway county. If the baby comes, definitely leave me a voice mail on my cell, but also give my grandmother's house a try. Her number is 740-332-3719. I don't remember if she has an answering machine or not, but definitely leave a message there, too. :) The house I want to buy is still for sale. I called the realtor listed in the front yard. The house is just down the street from where I'm living now, so I'd only be moving like three houses away. I can't wait to go see it! With my luck, though, it'll be perfect for me but way too expensive. Keep your fingers crossed anyway!

 Should we make bets on Jen's due date? I'm hoping for this weekend, so I can come visit. But I don't think I should hold her because I think I have pink eye. Lisa has bronchitis. That could have been her problem at the shower.

 Now Marshall is mad at me for posting my frustration to you on the blogger. He doesn't understand why I would want to get the feedback of my friends in a public forum. I tried to explain that this is the easiest way for me to talk to all of you all at once- but he was still mad. I guess I shouldnt' have told him- so when I vent "publicly"- I'll just not let him in on it. Even though we BOTH have a lot of adjustment going on- I think he's really finding it hard to adjust to not being able to always do exactly what he wants to do, when he wants to do it. I guess more than anything, I'd just like to feel that he's at all respectful of my time as well....I guess this will be a struggle until we've been together longer- so I'll just have to kind of wait for the light at the end of the tunnel. But, I guess things could be much worse- I've certainly dated THOSE guys...and he's so not them. So, if this is all I have to complain about (well, this and gaming)- then that's not too much....I TRY to keep it in perspective.

 Em, that would mean accepting the fact that your child isn't perfect, and there are a lot of mothers out there who would rip your eyes out for even suggesting such a thing. Plus, we're all raised to think different things are acceptable, so we'd just get a lot of conflicting opinions, and I don't know about you, but when I'm trying to do something and someone comes up and says "my mom never did it that way," I just kind of want to smack them. And that goes for men and women, at least for me. Besides, have you ever dated a mama's boy? Remember Josh and the Chicken Soup letters? We always say we want someone who is pre-trained, but really, that's not always good, especially if their mom broke their spirit long ago. If anyone is going to break my husband's spirit, it's going to be me. And that's why I'm still single. :) No, but really, are we doing the training or are they? Have I trained my cats to leave my bedroom in the morning by giving them treats or have they trained me to give them treats before I leave and it's just easier for them to all be together when I hand them out? Chris, still waiting on that dream. There should be more surrealism in the world, after all...:)

 Here's an interesting thought that just occurred to me. If we have to "train" our significant others to be good mates to females (in some respects)- then why don't women, as mothers, train their SONS to do this- in a few generations- problem solved! HMMMMM>..

 Well you should see my story reading baby, you should hear the things that she says, She says "Hon, drop dead, I'd rather go to bed with Gabriel Garcia Marquez." Cuddle up with William S. Burrows, leave on the light for Bell Hooks, I've been flirtin' with Pierre Burton 'cause he's so smart in his books I like to go out dancing, My baby loves a bunch of authors My heart's so broke and bleedin' Baby's just sitting there doing some reading So I started watching some TV, played my new cd player too, She said: "Turn it off or I'll call the cops and I'll throw the book at you." All this arguing made me get dizzy, called my doctor to come have a look I said: "Doctor hurry!" He said: "Don't worry, I'll be over when I finish my book" I like to go out dancing, My baby loves a bunch of authors We've been livin in hovels Spendin' all our money on brand new novels So I got myself on a streetcar and it drove right into someone, You know the driver said: "I was lookin' straight ahead!" But he was reading the Toronto Sun "So?" So my honey and me go to a counsellor to help figure out what we need She said: "We'll get your love growing, (funny Dr. Ruth voice) but before we get going, here's some books I'd like you to read." I like to go out dancing, My baby loves a bunch of authors Lately we've had some fricton 'Cause my baby's hooked on short works of fiction So we split and went to a party, some friends my girl said she knew But what a sight 'cause it's authors night and the place looks like a who's who Now I'm pounding the ouzo with Mario Puzo Who's a funny fella? W.P. Kinsella Who brought the cat? Would Margeret Atwood? Who needs a shave? He's Robertson Davies! Ondaatje started a food fight, salmon mousse all over the scene Spilled some dressing on Doris Lessing, these writer types are a scream! I like to go out dancing, My baby loves a bunch of authors We'll be together for ages Eatin' and Sleepin' and Eatin' and Sleepin' and (Dr. Ruth Voice) Eating und Sleeping und Turnin' pages. Yeah! This is one of my favorite songs right now (by Moxy Fruvous), and you guys seem to need a little pick-me-up this afternoon. Chris, it's not that you were stupid, it was more that you just didn't know what you were doing. But you've responded to training fantastically, so it's all good. :)

 I second that Penis should be in this form as well. I shall now to quote from an epic film: " Penis , Penis , Penis ..... Vagina , Vagina , Vagina !"

 Chris- on behalf of us BOOBIE bearing mammals can you please refer to the penis is this form PENIS ? Thank you. I realize it takes some time- it's just frustrating. And if I ever say something that all of you think I'm way off base about (this included)- let me know. I'm still learning too. I hate my job today- but this too - shall pass. Actually, I met a girl who is the District Operations Manager for Avis RentACar on Sunday at a bride gettogether and she and I really hit it off. She said that there is a Carmel office opening soon- and if so- they will probably need a marketing person- which could be cool. So we'll see. Yeah- what was the dream??? I need a Chicago trip soon...I wish I could fit that in when we have to come up for the memorial for my grandfather on April 2. But no- have to turn around and drive to Evansville the next day for one of Marshall's cousin's wedding.

 That is quite an improvement. 1.7-8.9. I'm impressed although I can still kick your butt in checkers!! Skittles don't make my head sweat but they make little Emily shake it like a polariod picture. Starburts do the same thing for that matter! What was the dream?

 Dude, he should totally take Friday off rather than Thursday : ) Seriously, on behalf of all penis-bearing mammels, I apologize for our propensity to make stupid decisions. I never realized how stupid I was until I married my woman. My responsibility level has gone from a 1.7 to an 8.9. Why do skittles make the top of my head sweat? I had a dream about all of you last night. It was surreal.

 I wish that I could say that I understand on that one but I can't. John has such a strong work ethic (not saying that Marsh doesn't) that there are time when I wish that he would call in just so that he can take a break from everything and get his head straight. But what I can understand are significant others not taking in account the other person. Just take a deep breath and know that it will pass. It just takes time to get them "trained" to check with you before they do stuff like that. B/c it's not from a lack of caring about you it's just that they don't think things all the way through and the effects that it will have on the long run. If it makes sense to do it in the short term and they can't see any negative effects that it will have in say like a 2 month period than it works for them. Just remember it just takes time, it just sucks until then.

 Ok, I'm just venting here , but - Sometimes significant others just piss me off. How can you make someone understand that the choices/decisions they make do not just effect THEM anymore. Marshall has taken so many days off this year already that he has 2 left. (Not including the time for the wedding, he's already figured that in)- but that means, once again, we won't get a nice amount of time with our families for the holidays. And all because he doesn't FEEL like going to work tomorrow. He's not sick, he doesn't have something major to accomplish, like the BMV....it just makes me so mad.... I mean...ok, if something happened (god forbid) to someone in my family and I have to go to a funeral, if it's before our wedding- he can't take the time off to go because he isn't my spouse yet. GRRRRRR I'm sorry, I just needed to vent a little, I'm very frustrated about this...

 Well, it's no longer Tuesday, which means I no longer have to hurl pottery at people or find a nice rooftop where I can sit and polish a gun. I'm listening to the Candide overture. It's funny. I can still just about pick out where the Jenny Chart was...;) Sometimes I really wish there were adult marching bands. First of all, it's good exercise. Second, I miss the thrill of competition. And I miss my horn. Someday, after I win the lottery, I'm going get myself a silver baritone and a soundproof room. It's going to rock.

 Cara, I'd paint pottery except for two things. One, no money. I'd rather take the cats to the vet. Well, really, I'd rather go out and get sloppy drunk and see where I end up in the morning, but that's not the point. Two, I'm just as likely to throw the pottery at people's heads as I am to paint it. I have no patience at all today. Hormones are fun. We'll leave it at that. Jen, I was so excited about the party! It's really nice to see everybody and hang out. I'll have to try to get up there more often. Hell, after I get the pictures developed, we'll have to get together so you can all see them. Chris, was that directed at the fact that I have asian porn? It is, after all, filled with BOOBIES . Maybe that's why I don't like Subway. I mean, I really hate the smell of vomit, so maybe that was registering with me subconsciously and that's why I'm not a fan. Or I'm just an anti-sandwich freak. Either way...:)

 I understand. I think that it's fair to set out guidlelines like that. I know that both Marsh and John are night people but neither one of them seem to be morning people and I think that they forget that when they stay up late they aren't happy to get up (or to deal with) in the morning. Plus I think that we figured out why John has had a constent headache & hasn't felt well. We thought that it was the flu but John just started taking medicine for his feet and it just so happens that that is when the headache started. SO he is going to have to call his Dr. Hopefully they won't take him off the meds b/c it is supposed to clear up his nasty runner's feet.

 Jen- it just works out because then I can get to bed and get enough sleep for getting up at 5:45 and I don't have to feel like I have to leave you sitting on the couch waiting for them because I have to get ready for bed. I mean, if it was just those two, then I don't care how late they stay up- I just don't want you to have to sit there alone, it annoys me (not you, the situation you know). So- we agreed that if you come too, they are done by 11- which is cool because I ge to see you at least once a week- and once Emily is here, that will be even cooler... :)

 I think that the vomit smell comes from the Subway bread. I use to think the same thing when I ate all the time when I worked at Verizon. I agree about the pentagon guy. It even stated in the e-mail that he has visted this "Jennifer" so you would think that he would have the proper e-mail addy. Whatever. E-I will pass the message on to John. I think that your 11 pm compromise is perfectly acceptable and Marsh isn't the only one who is a grouch when he doesn't get his sleep.

 Hey Jen- I did pass on to Marshall that John called last night- and I passed on what the message said- so hopefully he will call. It's totally fine if you want to come over too- I'll try not to be grouchy with them :) Marsh and I talked about it and agreed that if they can just be done by 11 then it works out for both of us- because this week he's getting up at 6:30 for work, and he's a grump if he doesn't get his sleep. Chris- what the dilly yo?

 You would think a guy at the pentagon would have better information! You are so welcome, Jen. I know we both loved doing it. You and little Emmie deserve it. Chris....are you having problems?? Anyway, I liked the house but was a little concerned about the house being sold "as is." Don't forget to have it inspected!! Karissa...maybe you should paint some pottery. If I remember right, you are quite good at it. Why is it everytime I come back from Subway, I smell like vomit?

 Ok so I was checking my yahoo account (jennifer_gaskin) that I keep and only receive e-mails for job's/resumes and for newsletters that I have registered for about my pregnancy and today I looked at it and there were 2 e-mails from this guy at the pentagon named Lamont. So at first I thought that it was just crazy junk mail, but I checked it instead of deleting it and this guy was e-mailing a Jennifer in California that he has apparently been talking to and has seen. Weird. I replied to him that he has the wrong girl but just find it strange.

 Went to the Dr today for my weekly check-up. My cervix is dilated 1 cm and has thinned 50%. The Dr said that there are no predications on when I am going to go into labor but that all the fakies that I have been having are doing their job and getting this old bod ready for little Emily to enter stage left. I also wanted to thank Cara and Emily for the hard work that they did on my shower. I had a really good time. Karissa I am glad that you felt good enough to make the drive up it was great seeing you. In other news, I have to get the clutch replaced in my car. Stinky, Stinky! But the repair doesn't seem like that it will be too costly. I think that I have decided that I want to become a mechanic. When I got my quote the parts for the clutch really weren't priced that badly but the labor is twice the cost of the parts. Now that is the business to get into. Although I am not sure that I could deal with getting my hands all dirty and yucky from being under the hood of a car all day! Em-Have Marshall call John. I think that he wants to get together with him on Thursday night after you guys work out. Also I think that you made the right decision in blocking Rene's e-mail addy. Better to just nip that in the bud and not have to read it and than have to tell Marshall that he contacted you. Less stress for you and Marshall all around. Slappy-I liked the house that you guysare looking at. My vote would be to go for it. Cara-Can you e-mail me Pam's address so that I can send her a thank you card for the feeding chair. I'm glad that Holly appreciated that you came to her shower even though it wasn't a good time for you. My mom was so impressed with the neat things that you did to decorate and the games that you had at mine. Also John really liked the things that your mom handmade. We both we really touched that she took the time to make something for her. Steph-Hope you are enjoying Mardi Gras and happy Fat Tuesday!

 motherfucker

 Is anyone else antsy today? I feel like I'm about to just jump out of my skin and go running around the building. Or maybe I'll just explode. Implosion is not an option on days like this. It would really just defeat the purpose. It's all rainy and cloudy outside, but it's warm, and I think that may be part of my problem. Spring is giving it the old college try. I saw crocus buds yesterday outside my house. They usually know what's going on. If any of you need someone beaten down or put in their place, just let me know. I've got the energy to do it today. In the mean time, I'm going to work. Today I get to figure out what to do with the asian porn that came in yesterday.

 No Bloomington this weekend. We are in full-on househunting mode. We found the perfect one this weekend...an actual housey house in Oak Park. I was ready to make an offer on the spot but the wife is too fucking cautious. It'll be gone in no time, so I'm going to encourage her to think a bit faster. I'm sick of looking and want my weekends back. Here it is: http://chicago.erealty.com/details/start.aspx?mode=results&propid=0070004035288 You kids have fun at the shower?

 If you guys ever wanna email me at work, go ahead. I like the distraction. I'm going to lose my mind here. That is so retarded about Rene. It's like Rob Sears all over again. You should get the hint when her father gives you the wrong phone number that she doesn't want to hear from you. Rene is actually worse than Rob! I still fear that he'll call me or I'll run into him in Whiteland. Chris...did you say you were going to be in indy this weekend? What about Bloomington? Bob mentioned that he might wanna come down this weeekend.

 Not that I'm defending him- but he used coke a few times (not while I was around him, I meant- ever). It wasn't that he did it all the time. Actually- I talked to Marsh about it all- and I wrote Rene back- but simply said "Yes, I'm still here, but no, I won't be calling you. I'm STILL engaged and getting married in October. He's a wonderful man and I would never dishonor him by calling someone I used to date, regardless of the intentions". I think that should be fairly clear. Regardless, I blocked his email so that I don't have to see the reply. It did really piss off Marsh though. Not simply because he wrote- Marsh said it would be ok if he just wrote to say hello. But the subject line was "Hi Beautiful" and including his number, when he already knows that I'm engaged. It was just very disrespectful.

 Seriously? Rene? What an ass! Just be glad you don't have to deal with him any more. I know I'd feel pretty sick if any of my ex's contacted me, Brian excluded. Wasn't Rene also on crack or cocaine or something? I'm guessing it's eaten his brain and he probably thinks you're still dating. Keep us posted if Marsh writes to him. I'd be interested in what he would say.

 Ugh...why....why me? Why did I manage to date all of the losers??? (not Marshall). I just checked my yahoo account and lo and behold, there is a freaking email from Rene. I'm just sick to my stomach now. I can't believe that after cheating on me, then lying (over and over) and me breaking up with him and then telling him I was dating someone, then telling him I was engaged that we would have the balls to email me with his phone number trying to get me to call him.... I'm interested to see what will happen- Marshall wanted to know what he said, so I just forwarded the email....wonder if he'll email him.....

 Nope- Cara's email at work is cunninghamc@repserv.com - that would work. NO GAMES AT A SHOWER???what? That's retarded! They didn't have Cara C- party planner extraordinare! I just kept thinking of all us girls and all the crap we've been through- and I cried. Marshall even teared up. And I know it's all "happy ending" - but I was so glad she ended up with Big and that Samantha has such a wonderful guy in Smith....

 I didn't cry with sex in the city but I was certainly sad to see them go. Maybe I would have if we didn't have two screaming babies and men cheering over video games at the same time. I taped it so I can watch it again. Shit, I forgot to tape days of our lives this morning. I saw Kristie's ring yesterday. The sucker is HUGE. Toooo big, even. She even admits that it's bigger than she expected it to be which Bob and I can't understand if she saw the mold they made of it first. The major stone is at least a carat. I bet if you add up all the diamonds around those would probably make up to almost a carat. It's probably two times as wide as my ring. No, I'm not jealous. I think I would really like it on someone who had bigger fingers. Holly's shower was so boring. I'm glad I went because she was really suprised and touched but I couldn't stand the people who threw it. They are sisters and one is just as pregnant as Holly and the other one is getting married in June. They were so loud and wouldn't shut up. I wanted to hit them. It didn't help that I was getting a headache and it lasted for 4 hours without games or anything like that to distract us. My email address has not changed. It's still carac2224@aol.com....if you wanna email me at work it's ccunningham@repserv.com....( I THINK)...ask Em...

 I don't know if anyone else watched it, but I did a whole lotta cryin' last night watching Sex and the City.

 First, general times help. I've listed the guys as being born at noon, which can give a nice overview, but the closest we can get to the actual birth, the more accurate the reading. There's no real hurry, though. I have 100 free entries in the website, and I realized that it would be more fun to use them than just let them sit. I can also run a partner match so you can see what the stars say about your relationship. It's not an exact science, but it is interesting. :) Thanks for taking part, guys! :) Cara, I was totally with you on that. Tell Bob that you intend to move to the southwest where rain is a rumor, not an actuality, and then you can have your car doors welded shut. Hell, leave it out in the sun long enough and I'm betting you won't be able to get them open anyway. Do you guys remember me telling you about the guy who was trying to parasail on the golf course last spring? With the big yell parachute that looks like a flying banana? Yeah, he's back, and has apparently managed to get airborn a couple of times. He's not in a place I can see him from here, but Polly has been watching him for a while now. You know, it's kind of sad, really. What he needs is a large body of water, not a grassy knoll...:)

 My birthday is 11/16/76 around 2:00 p.m. (i think) in Beech Grove, Indiana. I have no idea about Bob. Em...Have you been watching Days? I think Marlena killed Hope's dad!! She's going to get caught here pretty soon. She better. The story is getting kinda old. There's this website that has newborns from St. Francis on there. Does anyone know if Jen registered for that? They didn't have any babies listed for March 4th yet. If you guys wanna look the website is....growingfamily.com Nothing new here. I had my own Jessica Simpson moment the other day. I told Bob that I wanted a car just like the General Lee with the doors welded shut and everything. I want to only enter and exit the car through the windows just like Bo and Luke Duke. Bob asked me what I was going to do when it rained, and I was like "duh...roll up the windows." He then asked me how I was going to get out of the car with the windows rolled up and I said "roll them back down, silly." He kept laughing at me and I couldn't understand why. Then I realized that I couldn't roll the windows back up once I got out of the car. He thought it was hysterical and said I should be embarassed by that. Oh well.

 hey, i'm here. just been a little hectic. i was sick and missed some work, on top of having off a couple of days already last week for mardi gras so i had some catching up to do. i called jen yesterday after i got home from work. she sounded upbeat and energetic for just giving birth 14 hours earlier! i remember when i called my cousin she sounded like she was about to pass out after running a million mile marathon. karissa- my birthday: 4-25-78 1:40pm rennsalaer in; adam's: 9-12-79 (not sure on time) yuma az i better get back to work before my boss sees me! :) i'll write more later!

 Steph- you out there??

 Ok. To the best of my memory. I was born on 4/4/77 at Memorial Hospital in South Bend. I believe I was borth at 11:00am or something- but I'm not exactly sure of the time. Does that really matter? I have no idea on time for Marsh but the date is 10/20/75 and it was at Deaconess in Evansville.

 I just ran Emily's natal chart and if half the stuff it said is right, she's so both of her parents it's not even funny. I'm reading it and thinking, well, that's John, that's Jen... Amazing. I know that horoscopes and astrology aren't an exact science, but this was just a little eerie. And it got me thinking that I should collect all of the data from you people and enter you in my astro account. To that end, if you could all send me your dates , times and places of birth , I'd really appreciate it. If you send those of your spouses or s.o.s, I'll run those, too. I'm just kind of curious, and I'll be happy to share any info I'm given. Ok, so I'm saying that I want this just so I can read up on you, but notice how I'm not mentioning how I may not be able to remember your birthdays and this would really help me...;) Sorry, Chris, no BOOBIES! today.

 Marshall wouldn't put her down- it was so precious. She is beautiful- great skin coloring, very petite, but she's gonna rule the world! She's got a very proud grandma too. I can't wait to see her again today. She is just so peaceful. She whimpers a little if you don't pay your attention to her- but otherwise, she's just quiet as can be. We got to see quite a bit of her eyes- she'd blink them at us- and she'd even turn her head when she heard John's voice- I KNOW baby's hear in the womb, I'm sure of it. She farted on Marshall- and that was really funny too. I think she's going to have a widow's peak like John too- maybe not as severe- but you can see the outline of it on her forehead. Cara- I'm really sorry that I forgot the camera. Ok- here's my funny/gross story for the week. Luna was in heat about a week ago (again!). So- we just had to deal with the crying. But then she started marking stuff, which she hasn't done before. Well, somehow- she must have got into my clean laundry basket- and I didn't know it- because in my getting dressed this morning, i grabbed a pair of undies from the basket and then put on my jeans, shirt and ran out the door. Now, about 10 minutes later, I start smelling cat piss- and I can't figure out why- because my shirt and jeans were both hanging up. But when I got to work, I went to the bathroom and noticed IMMEDIATELY where the smell was coming from. Suffice it to say, I'm now going commando in my jeans- instead of smelling like cat piss....I had to bundle up the undies in paper towels and throw them away. LESSON LEARNED: So- even if you think they are clean- ALWAYS smell your undies before you put them on.

 As the first auntie to see the bundle of joy, she is just amazing. I gave her kisses on the head for everyone. Oh, except Bob. Well, crud. Em, it's your job to remember him when you're there tonight. I knew I was forgetting someone. I only stayed for about half an hour. Jen and John were so tired that I didn't want to keep them awake. Emily Grace is beautiful. She does look a lot like John, but I think she's going to have her mommy's sense of style, so it's all good. :) They were both so happy. As tired as they were, they couldn't stop smiling and looking at her. She makes little sighing noises in her sleep and I just wanted to hold her forever. Oh, and she also farts with the best of them. I was impressed. She farted so loudly that I'm surprised it didn't wake her up. I didn't even know that a fart that big could come out of something that small. I knew she'd be small, but I wasn't prepared for the micro-miniture she was. You wouldn't think two pounds would make much of a difference, but her six pounds two onces (she lost a little like all babies do) was so much smaller than Jake or Maggie I couldn't believe it. Was it worth the two hours on the road? You bet. I can't wait to see her again. There's nothing like a newborn to get your ovaries working into overdrive...;)

 Secondary update- Jen was moved to room 2013- so if you call- make sure you ask for that.

 BABY BABY BABY!!!! We have a baby!! My phone range at 3:13am and little miss Emily Grace was born just a little bit before. I was totally out of it and feel completely guilty, because I don't even think I said congrats. ..I was thinking it though! She was 6 lbs 4 oz. So basically- Jen and John won their own bet (I blame insider info). We get to go see her today- I can't wait!!!!

 We just got home from the hospital- no baby yet. The doctor said it probably won't be until early this morning- around dawn or so. We are going to go to work as normal and then just visit afterwards. The bet was when the baby was born- so it looks like "Father Knows Best" because John guessed 3/4. The weight one is still up in the air. Cute story from the nursery window though. This man was standing there with his two kids- one girl about 6 or 7 and a boy about 4 on his shoulders. They were looking at his newborn son who was in the window. While we stood there in awe aside them, his son pointed at the other baby's in the nursery and said "Look at all the other Logan's". Turns out the baby's name was Logan- so that's what he thought all baby's were called. It was REALLY cute.

 I called Jen a couple of hours ago and they were on the second game of yahtzee. She sounded great. I'll probably come down either Friday or Saturday. Was the bet for when she was going into labor or when the baby was born?? I hope I don't win the bet at this point, for Jen's sake.

 I don't think there's going to be a party without alcohol for a while. :) It's so exciting! I'm going to go look at houses this afternoon, though, so I think I'll take off tomorrow morning and go up to Indy to see all of them. I'll call her first, though, and be sure she's up for company. I'm still holding out on weight for the side bet, though. She's going to be a corker! :) And of course I'll let you all know about the houses after I look at them. At least one of them is giving me the warm fuzzies...:)

 They said it could take up to 12 hours- which would make John the winner- but WHO CARES- we have a baby!!!! :) I think we'll all be doing shots!!!

 Today is 3/3. I'm totally winning the shot. Yes, a life is being brought into this world, and I am gloating about a winning bet.... When Emily arrives, kiss her on the forehead for Liz and I. Tell Jen we're thinking about her. I'll be down soon to see the kid...and collect my winnings : )

 BIGGER NEWS- first of all- they had ANOTHER car accident today. Well, just Jen and Emily- but both are absolutely fine. They got rear ended again. Shes in labor!! Theyve started her on Pittosin. She is fine, the baby is healthy- but they decided that there is no reason for her to wait any more- so its GO time!!! Anyway- John said that there is no reason for us to take off from work (Cara, unless you are planning to come down, then you might want to), because it will be a few hours. Also- Just FYI- the phone number to reach her/John is 317-865-5351 and shes in room 2018 at St. Francis. Marshall and I will be going there after work. YEA!!!

 Ok- BIG NEWS - I just got a call from Jen, she is on her way to the hospital- because her and John were just in a car accident. THEY ARE FINE- she is going simply to make sure the baby is fine. The baby is still moving like normal and doesn't seem to be in distress. I guess John was having car trouble- and as he was pulling off the road, someone rear ended them. REPEAT- they are both fine...but little Emily may come out with a BANG after all!!! I'll keep you posted - she's going to call an update me after she sees a doctor.

 I am willing this baby into existance today. I want to win SO bad. By 6pm, Jen will be on her way to the hospital....ya best represent~! ;)

 Hi! Sorry I didn't write earlier. It was one of those mornings where I kept thinking I was forgetting something and just couldn't put my finger on it. Yeah, it was the blog. Sorry about that. The weekend wasn't as bad as it could have been. We're all pretty sure Grandma is getting senile, which really sucks for her, but even moreso for us because we have to deal with her. At least she's acknowledging that she's losing her hearing, though, so that's something. She behaved so badly at the wedding I was really embarrassed. Yeah, like chewing with her mouth open isn't bad enough, she made comments throughout the ceremony, though I can't remember what about. I think she was making derogatory comments about the other guests or something like that. Rebecca was the one who heard her, so I really don't know. Oh, and by the way, Rebecca is going to be that woman who is still nursing when her kid is 4. She was all like, oh, I'll leave it up to him when he's going to be weaned. The horror I felt then has only grown. Seriously, I keep forgetting how trashy some of my relatives are. The wedding ceremony wasn't that great. The same guy who did Aunt Patty's funeral presided over the wedding and he was just as bad of a public speaker this time. He was fidgety and just talked way too long. I kind of wanted to hit him with a rock just to put him out of my misery. But when the ceremony was over, we had a great meal. They just rented out a hall and had people sitting at their tables though the ceremony. It was pretty cool, kind of like what I was thinking if I ever decided to have a wedding. They had a little bit of space between tables for dancing, but it just wasn't that kind of a function. Also, I know now why people get married when they're young. Kind of gross to see your uncle and his bride french kissing on the dance floor. Again, the horror of that moment has just grown. I'm going to be scarred for life from this one. But I do like Linda. She's really nice, and I was pretty impressed that she knew who I was even though we'd never met before. She has a good sense of humor and I think she's going to do a good job of taking care of Uncle Jerry and giving him a hard time, which is what he needs. As for my baby bet, Jen just emiled me everybody's bets, and after very little deliberation, I'm betting she's going to come on the 15th and weigh 7 lbs. 6 oz. Yeah, I'm going for the outside. :) Cara, I'm going to call the realtor Sarah and Rob used. Another couple I know used her, too, and everyone just gave her rave reviews. That house that I wanted? Yeah, IU is putting in a bid of $250,000. I don't think I'm going to be able to get it. I really hate IU right now, but I'm just not going to get into it anymore. I need to pee. You know how it is...:)

 Update on our bet: Looks like Steph and I are out on the date and time but we are still in the running for size! K-still waiting on what your guess is. I am e-mailing you now!

 It's just very irresponsible. I think that it might be a little easier to swallow if we hadn't lived in B-town ourselves. But give me a break. I know that the weather can suck but buck up tiny soldier. It's not like he is going to float away. Part of being a responsible adult is to follow through with commentments weather you feel up to it or not. Does he think that when he graduates and gets a job that he can call in b/c it is raining hard outside. At least if he wants to call in call in with a legitimate excuse not b/c it's RAINING! My response to him would be get an umbrella!!!

 Well, that's the thing- at the Kelly School of Business, he doesn't get credit for internships- they only get the experience. But I did tell them both that depending on their performance, I would write reference letters. I am going to speak to him about it- or at least email him back- I just don't know exactly what to say. I feel like he's testing my patience.

 I'm not sure what time that he was supposed to be at work but the rain is supposed to taper off to partly cloudy and than rain again this evening. But regardless it's RAIN not snow and you don't call off work for the rain. You should definately bring this up somehow. I'm sure that you would have loved to call-in b/c it was raining badly. Does he have an advisor that you can talk to. He should not get credit for an internship that he isn't preforming well on.

 Cara- yes, same one. It's starting to really worry me- he was VERY trustworthy in the beginning, but he's been slipping. . .

 Emily...is this the same one with the visa thing?

 Alright...I'm going to bet March 5 at 6:00 p.m. Weight will be 7 lbs even. (I'm still hoping for a weekend). Karissa....I'm not exactly sure how EVERYTHING works with buying a house, but I would recommend getting your own realtor. They can show you that house and more that they think you'll like. If they're good, they can help you on the negotiations. I would think that if you used the same realtor, there would be a conflict of interest since they are also working for the seller. Ask around to see who other people recommend.

 Ok I just had to share probably the stupidest email I've ever received- and it's from my intern ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Hi Emily, Hope you had a good weekend. I just wanted to inform you that due to bad weather I will not be able to make it to work today. It is raining real heavy here in bloomington and I see no signs of it getting better because its been like that since 6 am. I will see you at work tomorrow. Have a good day. Thanks, Hitesh. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Um, WHAT??? You are calling off because of RAIN??? You've got to be fucking kidding me. . . . Ok, I SOOOOO don't know how to handle this. I want to say EXACTLY what I just wrote above- but that is neither professional nor appropriate. Do I say anything or just let it go??

 We actually asked to close in mid July since our lease doesnt end till 8/1, but the owner is transfering to SF in mid April and said 5/1 or no deal. They even asked for 10% of the cost of the home as "earnest" money. Fuck that. We gave them 2%. Our realtor called this evening to let us know that 8 people looked at the condo today, just in case our deal falls through. All's far in love, war, and Chicago real estate. BTW, if you, or someone you know would like to make a move to Chicago and needs an apt., we have a lovely unit available. If you havent seen the movie "City of God", go. Go now. It's the best movie I've seen in years...kinda Pulp Fiction-y, but much better. First time in ages I forgot I was watching a movie.

 Congratulations Chris! I'm surprised you guys are closing in May. That seems farther away than ours was.... Woo hoo.

 You will all be invited to our new condo (ugly on the outside, purty on the inside) after we close May 1. Game over. We won. To quote Clark Griswold "Hallelujah! Holy shit! Where's the Tylenol?" Thank you for your happy thoughts.

 I thought he was talking about my Gus;) Back at the baby shower, I promised some easy recipes and then I forgot about it until last night. So I packed up my recipe book and remembered to bring it to work today. ******************************* Chicken and Rice Casserole (I tripled this at Easter last year and it worked really well. Id advise at least doubling the rice part. Its tasty and nice and really kind of what I live for. Also, instead of chicken breasts, I used chicken strips and that worked really well, too). 1 cup uncooked Minute rice a package of onion soup mix 1 can cream of mushroom soup 1 cup water Grease pan, put in rice, sprinkle with salt and paper, dot with stick of butter. Bring mushroom soup, onion soup and water to a boil. Pour over rice. Place chicken on top. Cover with aluminum foil. Bake at 350 for 1-1 hours. Chicken Casserole with Mayonnaise 2-4 cups cooked chicken 2 cups cooked rice 4 boiled eggs, diced 2 Tablespoons lemon juice 1 cup mayonnaise 1 cup cream of mushroom soup 1 can cream of chicken soup 1 teaspoon salt q Tablespoon onion cup celery cup almonds Put in 9x13 pan, refrigerate overnight. Top with crushed potato chips. Bake at 375 for 45-60 minutes (350 if baking in glass pan). Turkey Loaf 2 lbs. ground turkey 2 cups packaged season stuffing mix 2 eggs 1 10oz can chicken broth Put ingredients in a large bowl. Mix with electric mixer until blended. Place in 9x5 loaf pan coated with spray. Bake at 350 for 45 minutes to an hour or until firm Almond Crusted Turkey Patties (makes 4) 1 lb. ground turkey cup seasoned dry breadcrumbs teaspoon pepper teaspoon salt 2 green onions with tops 1 egg 2/3 chopped almonds Mix everything except for the almonds together and shape into patties, inch thick. Coat both sides with almonds. Place on broiling pan (or a cookie sheet with a cooling rack so they will cook evenly). Bake at 375 for 30 minutes or until the middle is no longer pink. Oriental Beef and Noodle Toss (this is actually a recipe Grandma Tatman got out of the newspaper, and since it was oddly edible, I copied it down myself; also, we never add the ginger, but if you like that flavor, go for it). 1 lb. ground beef 2 packages oriental flavored Ramen noodles 2 cups water 2 cups frozen oriental vegetable mixture 1/8 teaspoon ginger 2 Tablespoons thinly sliced green onion In a large skillet, brown ground beef. Drain, season with one of the seasoning packets for the Ramen noodles and set aside. In the same skillet, combine water, veggies, ginger, noodles and remaining seasoning packet. Bring to a boil then reduce heat until the noodles are tender, stirring occasionally. Return beef to pan and warm through. Stir in green onions before serving. Stephs Peudo-ziti (this is one of my sisters college recipes, but its not too bad and its pretty easy, so I thought you might take a chance on it?) Pasta 1 jar pasta sauce 10 oz. mozzarella basil, garlic and oregano to taste Cook pasta. Dump all ingredients into the pot and stir. For baked ziti: follow directions above, sprinkle with extra cheese, bake at 400 until cheese is melted and starting to brown. *************************** Last night, I dreamed that my Grandpa Brown died. I woke up this morning, haunted and heavy. I called my mom to see when the grandparents usually get up and then I called and talked to Grandma. She said Grandpa has had a cold but the doctor gave him Flonase and now hes doing much better. Still, Im uneasy. In my dream, it was snowing, just a light dusting of snow. Grandma mentioned in passing that it snowed up there last night, just a little bit. Id like to let it go, but until I talk to Grandpa, I think Im going to be a bit of a basket case. It just makes me want to cry. Mom called work to check on me. Of course I came in. It was just a dream, realistic as it seemed. If I believed everything I dreamed, Id have issues with my Dad being a werewolf. Still, it will be nice to talk to him and just be sure everything is fine.

 Hey! Do not make fun of my cat! I love my Gracie.

 Thanks for the positive energy. Here's the link: http://chicago.erealty.com/details/start.aspx?mode=results&propid=0070004049794 To be honest, it's smaller than we'd like and I prefer the old, classic buildings rather than this new construction. But it's got funky steel sinks in the bathroom, tis two blocks from our favorite shops and restaurants and the inside is really nice. We view it as a five year investment. It's been on the market four days and has already had 3 bids. I think that's a good sign. And yes, upon our move, we shall have a Festivus for the Rest of Us. I just walked past a 45 pound cat. Looked like a beach ball with a tiny head.

 chris- good luck! i hope you two get the place. :)

 Hey Slappy- might we see an internet link to check this place out? And will be be having a housewarming party? Good thoughts indeed.

 We are within inches of being homeowners. Pray that we dont get outbid by Muffy and Biff, the Land Rover driving space cadets that want the same place we do. Bastards. Good thoughts, my friends.

 The guy who played Murphy Brown's painter died on Monday. They think it might be drug-related. Not a good week for entertainers.

 Haiku: Donuts on the breath of cows Not appropriate Drink milk, eat beef

 Ok, so here's the site you must all go and visit. I'm waiting for my very own Idiot Girls' membership kit to get here. You can read some of her stuff that didn't make it into the books, most of which is pretty funny, and you can read fan fiction, most of which isn't. If you have some time to kill, I suggest spending it on her site. Laurie Notaro is really one of the funniest people I've ever read, and she wrote back, which is very cool, so just humor me and go look at her site. Tell her I sent you. If nothing else, it'll be good for a laugh. :) www.laurienotaro.com

