 It started Day before yesterday.. Its progressing.. Its in pre design.. Prototyping or Proof of concept stage.. We shall blog our work and progress here...

 Open source proving expensive Munich struggling with new system ???? urlLink This shouldn't happen :-((.

 Why am I sticking to this Windoze Box?? The only reason I am not able to move out of my windoze box in office is that I am addicted to urlLink Source Insight . Its damn cool tool with all these urlLink features . But I use only these following features * Finds References Quickly * Keyword Searches Like an Internet Search on Your Code Base to understand urlLink large code bases. The above mentioned feature which I use is already available to Linux user in the form of urlLink lxr . But I would like this one getting integrated with urlLink anjuta.

 Heay!!! I always wanted a fully customizable fully integrated (integrated with every damn application my machine has) search utility.. I would love if urlLink google comes out with this one... I will just come out soon on what this dream application should be able to do??? How about urlLink this one?? Does this fit my requirements??? urlLink This one seems to have lots of information on search tools.

 *Why is Microsoft so obsessed? Because it knows search is a key component in the future of computing. Microsoft's next-generation OS, Longhorn, is conceived as a unified interface for a PC, its local network, and the Web. For it to work, Longhorn needs a sleek search utility. If Microsoft can't buy Google, it'll resort to its time-tested strategy: copy the best technology and integrate it on the desktop.* -- Courtesty ( urlLink Wired ) Hope urlLink dashboard on urlLink gnome does a better job than urlLink M$ search on urlLink Longhorn .

 Recently downloaded the ppts released by M$ from their urlLink pdc 2003 . Some of them looked cool.. Have to do some good study on data services part to know what they are upto with regard to Yukon!!!

 Heay!!!! urlLink This one looks cool man... Hope it shall be integrated with urlLink MySQL soon.

 I liked this one *Like Oracle, Google is a category killer. Like Apple, Google has brand cachet and a loyal following. Like Netscape, it has the energy of youth and is touted as the trigger for the next tech boom. Meanwhile, Microsoft remains, well, Microsoft. Big. Strong. Rich. * -- Wired on urlLink Googol.... 'o......... mania....

 hmm!!! Now urlLink this one starts interesting me as urlLink this guy starts urlLink work . urlLink This one too seems to be good.

 Gottcha!! Today was day of urlLink abends .. The code i am writing for the urlLink MySQL backup. was abending like hell.. Had a tough day.. I did a basic mistake of not testing the code as it is being written. Accumulated them and now testing task is becoming tougher tougher tougher :-(.

 Heck!!! I waste lots of time in these.... "The meeting, the report, or the presentation are the typical work situation of the executive. They are his specific, everyday tools. They also make great demands on his time - even if he succeeds in analyzing his time and in controlling whatever can be controlled. Effective executives know what they expect to get out of a meeting, a report or a presentation and what the purpose of the occassion is or should be. They ask themselves: "Why are we having this meeting? Do we want a decision, do we want to inform, or do we want to make clear to ourselves what we should be doing?" They insist that the purpose be thought through and spelled out before a meeting is called, a report asked for, or a presentation organized. They insist that the meeting serve the contribution to which they have committed themselves. The effective man always states at the outset of a meeting the specific purpose and contribution it is to achieve. He makes sure that the meeting addresses itself to this purpose. He does not allow a meeting called to inform to degenerate into a 'bull session' in which everyone has bright ideas. But a meeting called by him to stimulate thinking and ideas also does not become simply a presentation on the part of one of the members, but is run to challenge and stimulate everybody in the room. He always, at the end of his meetings, goes back to the opening statement and relates the final conclusions to the original intent. There are other rules for making a meeting productive (for instance, the obvious but disregarded rule that one can either direct a meeting and listen for the important things being said, or one can take part and talk; one cannot do both) But the cardinal rule is to focus it from the start on contribution." (Pulheez don't sue me cut and pasting this one :-&) Courtesty :- "The Effective Executive", 1966 book by Peter Drucker

 Yeah!!!! Here is the example of urlLink free marketing Novell is going to get through Linux. It's good to see Novell product getting a good score on Usability and Capability. Novell in recent past has been doing a lots of urlLink work on it...

 Uhh!!!! Atlast, My urlLink home page is ready ...

 Just the first one of many to come!!!!

 Hope urlLink this helps me when I migrate my office PC to Linux.. :)...

 Its Yo ( !oo!) Time In U.S I never realised that I have got the Good Friday holiday in U.S to enjoy the trip.. Hmm... this seems to get really interesting...

 Chennai climate was better last weekend but still it sucks!!!!! Had a great time there.. Some surprises.. watched YAGTM Autograph... Ok let us get back to the business...

 I feel pretty worried when people urlLink compare google with Netscape...

 Linux Volume Manager Hmmm... urlLink This gets interesting...

 North and South Bridge explained.... The North Bridge manages all data transfers between the CPU, main memory and the Accelerated Graphics Port (AGP). Things like I/O-ports (serial, parallel), USB, keyboard controller, AC97 sound, floppy controller and IDE controllers are part of the South Bridge. VT8363 is a North bridge.. and other chip is the south bridge.. North and south bridge communicate via PCI bus.

 These days started reading about Front side bus, Intel xeon and Amd opetron architectures with respect to Front side bus. Hmm, Yesterday had a brief skim of open source clustering support in O.S and Are tjere any open source MySQL clustering options.. There seems to be some.. But not as good as NCS I hope... urlLink urlLink

 urlLink Atlast they are thinking wisely...

 I thought Indian cricket team is hyped Atlast they proved.. Team effort is all that won the cup for India.. Every one contributed.. From Sehwag to Zaheer.... All eleven players infact more than eleven (left nehra)... Regarding yesterday match. The sachin's catch was the turning Point I guess... What a catch man... WoW..... Even sachin was enthralled with his efforts... Inzi was in such a great form that his bat in his hand looks like a spoon giving all the balls the direction he would like.... Any way it was a good effort from the team and our maharaja ganguly was also very happy.. Hope they do win the test series ;)

 Hell of a traffic in Hosur Road today Its time 8:50, Novell Buses haven't arrived yet.. They will be sharp at 8:30 in any of the cases.. even durin the days of traffic near silkboard for flyover construction. There was an accident in Garvebhavipalya.. But the problem with the people is that they crowd around the vehicle and stare at that as if some show is goin on.. That is the shit attitude which most of our Indians have. Why don't they stare after taking it off from the middle of the road. If you look at the amount of productivity wastage which will get converted into money.. Its shockin.. There can be easily around 10k people (considering infosys, siemens, wipro in electronic city) waiting there to get traffic cleared. I guess every one of them would have wasted atleast 1 hour of their time due to the traffic.. So its 10,000 man hours.. Which will get converted to around 15 lakhs rupees.. Just by moving the vehicle off the road if you could save 15 lakhs.. why don't they do that?????

 urlLink This is what I was looking for....

 Yikes!!!! They are every where.... They are ubiquitous. They are lots.. Their sheer dedication amazes me... They live in a community and sacrifice life for the community... They outsmarted me multiple times.. They are small... And at last they are my close frens ( now a days) ... Who are they??????????????? There are urlLink these creatures in my room... Initially I hated them.. As I started my hands on cookin.. There are lots of food stuff which my mom managed to send it for me.. These ants were spoiling each of them.. I tried all the means But some how they managed to sneak thorugh the firewalls ... But now I love them... They have a these good characters... dedication.. persistence and patriotism too for their community.. Heck!!!... they keep trying till they get to the destination... Hope I do have an ants mind ...

 urlLink Survey on blogging Yikes!!!! I do writes lots of stuff that can get me sued.... :-&

 A weekend in Goa How About a Weekend trip to Goa??? If that doesn't look great.. How about a trip to Goa in a Bike B-)... Looks Cool right.. Raul Are u ready??? ... feasibility study already done.. urlLink This guy has done it several times... When?? Date.. Tentative... May 3rd week or May 4th week.. My Mom is coming to Bangalore during April 2nd week she will stay ofr one month I guess... We can have it the week next she leaves bangalore ;).... How ??? 1. Forward journey in a train with bike in cargo compartment 2. Roam around goa in bike. 3. Come back in bike... Any one else interested in joining....

 Yikes!!! :-& Yet Another language in MySQL source code.. Now its time for pascal... Windows source code for MySQL Adminitrator looks like a big mystery.... Can't get head or tail out of it... Thought of adding some cool features But now have to think twice before taking a step into it... Mood: Tired after a long day of work...

 Flames All over the Place!!!! urlLink future of open source desktop development Paolo Molaro, one of the developers in the Novell Mono team, later wrote a urlLink follow-up Of course miguel's blog entry is below... urlLink discussion on Slashdot

 Cut and paste from urlLink Miguel's blog The fear that people have on Mono's legal issues apply equally as well to everything else. Let me explain. Sun owns various patents on Java, and they might just feel at some point threatened enough to use them as a weapon against open source. In the same way people feel that Microsoft might pull that trigger. Just to put things into a different perspective: Sun has litigated over Java in the past (against Microsoft) over a contractual dispute and has done threatening legal moves against JBoss at some point (which I do not claim to understand) over bits of J2EE. If Java on Linux became a threat to Sun, would they use their patents? I do not know, and I hope not. Am only illustrating the point, just like other people have vehemently illustrated the Microsoft patent risk before. There is nothing in Java that makes it any safer than Mono at this point. We do not have any guarantees, any written statements, any guarantees that Java on Linux will not be sued under certain conditions. Microsoft has granted RAND+Royalty Free licenses to any patents they might own that are required to implement the ECMA 334/335 standards. So at least our core VM, classes and compilers are safe from any litigation from *Microsoft*. Now, pay attention to the above, because it is important. The fact that Microsoft has given access to any patents they might hold on .NET does not mean that a third party that has a patent that is required to implement ECMA (or Java) will grant that license. Why does this matter? Because we just do not know if someone has a patent on pieces that Java and .NET implement. There might very well be one that we are not aware of. The patent might remain sleeping for a few years before someone decides to profit from it. And the above is important. It is important because even with a fully re-engineered virtual machine, runtime system and the rest, we do not know if you will not be infringing on a Sun, Microsoft or third party patent. With the current patent situation, it is probably impossible to ask small startups or individual developers to do a patent review before they make decisions on how to implement their software, only very large companies might afford it, and believe me, even with vast resources, you might be taken to court by an unknown (Eolas patent for example) or by a law firm who focuses on purchasing dormant patents and litigate them. Nat used to say "If you write a thousand lines of code, you are violating someone's patent today". The picture is not pretty for anyone in the software industry. But this is similar to what happens to biology students: on their first four semesters as they learn about all the dangers, infections, vectors for infections and bacteria, they stop eating everything, they start washing their hands with special products, they double clean their utensils, they wash their fruits ten times a day. Two years later they are eating food with their bare hands again. So at this point, you might want to consider a career switch. Growing corn and pigs seems to be a fairly safe industry.

 Working on Y et A nother D ata S tructure that is very much similar to urlLink R-Tree to get the consistent snapshot online backup for MySQL feature rollin... I started liking urlLink This book.. I now feel why I read the shit notes of urlLink this felloo instead of this book... This book seems to rock... urlLink Knuth is great..

 File size limits for various file systems . These values look pretty cool... ext2/3 : 16TB reiserFS : 1EB (exabyte) JFS : 16TB on 32 bit, 4PB (petabyte) on 64 bit XFS : 8TB BTW urlLink this article even though its outdated seems to contain very useful information on various journalling file systems. In future Novell Storage Services shall rock... in these comparisons ;) Here is NSS information. * 64-bit file system that allows a file size up to 8 Terabytes. * Supports up to 8 trillion files per volume (depending on file size, the limit in data capacity is 8 Terabytes). * Allows 1,000,000 open files per server.

 :-))... "You see I am black. I was born black. I grew up and I was still black. When I am old I will be black and when I die, I will die black. You white fellow! You were born pink. You grew up and you were white. You are red when you have flu. You are blue when you are sick."

 One blood, and one astonishing match What a way to urlLink start a historic series!!!! Really a superb match.. Eventhough the cricket in the first session was not of great quality, with pakistan bowling badly and Indian's playing random shots But the match was tooooooo coool (AAAh is it??? :))

 There are many ppl urlLink like me in this world.. Atleast I care to remove those words b4 checkin ;)

 Novell ad's have urlLink now become pretty cooler...

 Wanna get sued!!!!!! Patents are sometimes useful...

 MySQL FOSS Exception 0.1 They had to do this because of controversies with the most popularly used MySQL interface (PHP) had incompatible license. The MySQL AB Exception for non-GPL Free and Open Source Software-only Applications Using MySQL Client Libraries (the "FOSS Exception") (Version 0.1) EXCEPTION INTENT We want FOSS-only (Free and Open Source Software) applications to be able to use GPL-licensed MySQL Client libraries despite the fact that not all FOSS licences are compatible with the GPL. Therefore we have issued the following exception: LEGAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS As a special exception to the terms and conditions of version 2.0 of the GPL You are free to distribute Derivative Works that are formed entirely from works licensed under under one or more of the licenses listed below without affecting the license terms of the works, as long as: 1. You obey the GNU General Public License in all respects for the Program and the Derivative Work, except for identifiable sections of that work which are not derived from the Program, and which can reasonably be considered independent and separate works in themselves, 2. You distribute all identifiable sections of the Derivative Work which are not derived from the Program, and which can reasonably be considered independent and separate works in themselves, subject to one of the licenses listed below, 3. The Derivative Work does not include or aggregate any part of the MySQL Server (SQL Engine) or any modifications, translations or other derivatives thereof, 4. If the above conditions are not met, then the Program may only be copied, modified, distributed or used under the terms and conditions of the GPL or another valid licensing option from MySQL AB. License name Version(s)/Copyright Date Academic Free License 2.0 Apache Software License 1.0/1.1/2.0 Apple Public Source License 2.0 Artistic license From Perl 5.0.8 BSD license "July 22 1999" Common Public License 1.0 GNU Public License (GPL) 2.0 GNU Library or "Lesser" General Public License (LGPL) 2.1 Jabber Open Source License 1.0 MIT license - Mozilla Public License (MPL) 1.0/1.1 PHP License 3.0 Python license (CNRI Python License) - Python Software Foundation License 2.1.1 Sleepycat License "1999" W3C License "2001" Zlib/libpng License - Zope Public License 2.0Due to the many variants of some of the above licenses, we require that any version follow the Open Source Definition by the Open Source Initiative (see opensource.org). As used in this document, the term "include or aggregate" means to embed, integrate, bundle, aggregate, link, distribute on the same media or in the same packaging, provide with instructions to download or automate any of the preceding processes. Terms used, but not defined, herein shall have the meaning provided in version 2 of the GPL. Derivative Work means a derivative work under copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Program or a portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated into another language.

 urlLink Here I got one more MySQL employee's blog!!!

 AAH Atlast got a cool Novell Logo....

 A very good article urlLink *Will Mono Become the Preferred Platform for Linux Development?*

 urlLink This database comparison looks cool!!! Aah urlLink here are those gotcha's That I was lookin for. urlLink Here is one more comparsion...

 Multitasking the Indian way..

 Here is the design0.1 for the online backup that I am going to present to monty and brian during the UC2004. ================================ MyISAM 1. Data files.(MYD) Method 1-> Separate file or Separate table that contains the updates done during the backup mode. Method 2-> Each table.MYD will contain some area that contains the updates done in that table. Method 3-> Each Row can have some thing like backup ptr (rollback pointer)... 2. Index files.(MYI) Method 1->Have separete index file during the backup mode. Method 2-> When ever a index is deleted.. We will not remove from MYI file we will just update FRM file. So When a new index is added information is only added to the MYI file so only the information added will be inconsistent. which will made to ignore after the recovery. But information added becomes consistent it will not be a snapshot backup. When ever a index is modified.. I guess it will be considered as a delete and a add.. If not we should consider it as a delete and add during the backup mode. 3. Schema files.(FRM) Method 1 -> Have a separate file during the backup mode. InnoDB Method 1-> Have a separete log file or table space or buffer in the existing table space that contains all the updates done during hte backup mode.While coming back to the normal mode. after backup all the update logs or buffer blocks of upodate information can be applied over the innodb data table space to get the information. Method 2-> We continue to write the data to the table space. Implement the mechanism that is done by the innodb hotbackup tool during the recovery. It might not be a snapshot backup I guess. Method 3-> Similar to the multiversioning that is implemented in InnoDB to get the consistent reads.We implement multiversioning to get consistent backup. We will have an extra column in each table called backup pointer that points to Null in normal mode. When backup mode is being set all the backup pointers will be modified to point to the consistent row data at the time of snapshot. ============================================= BTW urlLink Data mining looks cool.. And this guy looks cool in those areas....

 My First piece of code out to customer... Even though its for a demo.. my coding skills is under test :-&....

 Great!!! Got an urlLink orkut invit from Funda!!!

 Aaah Cool!!!! "Brady explained to me WinFS, and his own project: iFolder 3.0. The features in WinFS will be available in Novell's own iFolder 3.0 by mid-next year. Both the workgroup client and the server will be open source offerings, and we plan on adding the same kind of GUI functionality that people saw at the PDC (the UI elements are being developed with .NET: Windows.Forms on Windows, and Gtk# on Unix). "

 *One of the best moments of the keynote was the demostration by the guy from Amazon. They showed a beautiful GUI client, that was apparently fully written using Avalon in a month of work. I allocated a full 30 minute slot to a quest to reimplement it at home, and I can say with authority that 30 minutes are not enough. * -- Miguel What is urlLink this guy upto ???

 *Specifically, you begin to understand how Microsoft could amass its $61 billion in cash and other assets.* I never thought they would have this much money.. I guess its more than what India has as their cash reserve :-(..

 Hmm, Workin on with my preparation for urlLink this conference and meeting with urlLink monty , urlLink brain , urlLink Larry , and other MySQL guyzz regarding future of MySQL from Novell...

 Chris in MySQL uc2004 ... urlLink /.ted Lots of useful information for four developers in Novell who were deliberating on this for quite a few months..

 The urlLink Evil that funded SCO. urlLink Here is a proof for this!!!!

 urlLink How to hire great open source developers?

 Backlog of my Time sheet Backlog of my report submission . Last time I submitted report was on 14-11-2003 .... Effort Tracking Status Project Id: ****** From: 4-12-2003 To: 4-3-2004 ----------------------------------------------------------------- Employee Id #Reports expected #Reports submitted Var(%) ----------------------------------------------------------------- psrinivasulu#####13##########0##########-100.0

 Vs *Our overall goal is to crawl 100 percent of the Internet for free This [paid inclusion] is a key added service.* *The smaller sites pay a yearly flat fee, starting at $49 for the first URL submission and decreasing to $29 each for the next two to 10 URLs and $10 each for the next 11 to 999. They also pay per click, either 15 cents a click or 30 cents a click depending on the search category. Bigger sites would only pay per click at a rate as high as $1 a click, varying by categories.* *If you have to pay for the clicks then you'll make sure the site has the most relevant content,* --Yahoo!!! urlLink This is a shit of a strategy.... *To us, paid inclusion is fuzzy on the guidelines of separating church and state* -- Google That's why I like urlLink this company.. It's not only the technology that matters.. It's also the attitude that matters.. That will make the technology useful for the common man....

 Heay!!! how about urlLink this watch ... Hope I get a lottery....

 yak!!!! Its all over.. Given the code for review to urlLink this guy .. Waitin for comments from him and also from fellow who started urlLink this company . Today Integrated this urlLink piece of shit .. with urlLink mysqlhotcopy for demo in urlLink this and urlLink this conference. mysqlhotcopy.sh when it going to get released will use a different design to get integrated with the code I am writing for online backup, But for just sake of showing the demo we are doing this integrations. And I am the fool who should do all this rework :-((.. Such is life!!!!

 urlLink This is pretty cool... Hope urlLink google doesn't sue urlLink me for using their bandwidth :-). The urlLink algo behind google.

 Thinking of buying a laptop.. Really confused on what to buy.. where to buy and how to buy.. Budget is pretty low.. not more than 800$... Requirements: Mandatory: * >1 GHz (AMD would be cool.. But ok with Intel stuff tooo) * Memory > 128 MB. * CD Writer. * And all other normal stuff... Optional: * DVD reader. Any manufacturere is ok... I am also thinkin of buying urlLink this digi cam. If I have extra bucks to do so....

 conf call a day Keeps the sleep away :-)).... --- Inspiration from my team mate.... Who came to office as early as 8:30 A.M for attending a confcall...

 After urlLink Cuckoo's Egg I started following a lot on Hacking and Hackers.... These two looks worth a read!!! urlLink A HACKER MANIFESTO [version 4.0] and urlLink Hacking as an art !!!

 urlLink Novell and Desktop - Does it look like a some sort of irony!!!

 Internet Friends - A definition to urlLink explore ...

 Customer : Waiter, there's a dead beetle in my soup. Waiter : Yes Sir, they are not very good swimmers. >xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Customer : Waiter, there's a fly in my soup. Waiter : That's all right, Sir, he won't drink much. >xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Customer : Waiter, there's a fly swimming in my soup. Waiter : So what do you expect me to do, call a lifeguard? >xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Customer : Waiter, this soup tastes funny. Waiter : Funny? But why aren't you laughing? xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 1st thief : Oh ! The police is here. Quick! Jump out of the window! 2nd thief : But this is the 13th floor. 1st thief : Hurry! this is no time for superstitions. There are very few jox.. that made me laugh. I hope the above ones are cool :-)....

 Mere Number bee urlLink ayaeega :-... Any one ready to sponsor me for urlLink this !!!

 RSS - Killer APP!!! urlLink This is a very good article. *And a five-person company called Feedster.com is trying to build a business around customizing searches of 500,000 feeds * and then delivering you the search results in a single feed.* *RSS has been called the TiVo (news - web sites) of the Web, the first "killer app" of the anticipated automation of social and commercial transactions online using the Web's second-generation XML (extensible markup language) standard. *

 Heay!!! Keep an eye on urlLink this guy . He is doing an urlLink interesting work.

 urlLink Mono On NetWare What's the strategy behind it???? If urlLink it doesn't support good C programming environment.

 XAML, AVALON, Indigo, Longhorn Now a days lots of fud on these topics about how open source can tackle these technologies from M$.. There are hell a lot of postings starting from urlLink here , urlLink here and urlLink here .. And Some of the open source giants meet and Mom for that meet is urlLink here .

 Escalation!!!! Ccin'g to From's Manager and To's Manager is a shit process.. That is very much inherent deeply in the roots of a proprietory firm.

 like olpi Gopi/Olpi is my class mate in college days, understands the concepts very fast as most of us in the class do, But the uniqueness in him is he understands in a way which no one had any clue of it, I do had problems some times in deciphering his reasoning, And people used to get confused with whatever the conceptual idea they had after hearing his reasoning :))... Today In training Saw a person very similar to Olpi.. Who confuses every one with all the concepts he/she has learnt.. But the problem is she is always wrong wheras Olpi was always correct :((... Best Way to deal with he/she .. *I think I am wrong.. May be I have to work to get some idea...* Thanks eos.. Olpi: I'm sorry.. But I guess I am correct :D...

 Comedy of errors in the training.. He broke my patience.. and ulu starts off with crapy stuff and was proved right atlast... I didn't want to waste everyon's time so I was silent until he broke my patience.. He seems to live very little understanding on the Assembly side and the machine generated by the compiler.. Debuggin on NetWare shall fix this problem as it fixed my problems :))....

 Heck I donno why people suck others time in training some arbit crap questions for which every one including him knows the answer.. But still they suck the time..

 Proc file system on Linux is similar to VFS on NetWare.

 Concept of chasing and leading!!! Some things make sense... from urlLink this Miguel's blog there was a flame post in slashdot.. *How do we copy Microsoft and get our "working something" out the door first? Do we go back in time? * Ulu's Answer: First we should chase and equal them or be slightly lesser and get the people who are not willing to pay huge sums of money for upgrades and then.. If we can get some share then we shall decide the technology that is going to rock... If we don't have market share we can never be deciders and always be followers :(..

 urlLink Ulrich drepper's home page has lots of cool info including this Good urlLink Practices in Library Design, Implementation, and Maintenance

 Was n training today, was surprised to hear that the process would be in waiting state immediately after it calls the interrupt for the specific system call... And when interrupts that occur when the state is in kernel space, Linux takes care that kernel space stuff continues to run from where it left off when the ISR returns.. I have downloaded intel x86 spec long ago.. But couldn't spend much time on it.. Learnt that there are 4 security levels in Intel and Linux uses only two of them and OS/2 uses all four of them.. and the instruction you can execute depends on the security level u are running... ISR's doesn't have any process context and it should assume any stuff and read user address space.. I still donno what this stuff means as System calls are implemented as ISR's I suppose... kernel getting tainted.. is there any way related to GPLisation of kernel modules.. let us see

 urlLink Bootable USB Flash drive.

 urlLink Create Bootable CD-ROMS For whom is this page? This page is for you if you want to: A. create bootable CD-Roms on a regular basis B. build and burn fully automatic (optional blank CDRW before burn) C. use only freeware software to create your CDs D. create a bootable CD-Rom with multiple boot images E. create a Dos bootable CD-Rom using a hardware independent CD-Rom driver (for SCSI and ATAPI) This page is not for you if: A. you want to create just 1 simple bootable CD-Rom. You should use Cdrwin, Nero or any other well known application to create CDs B. you do not understand basic things like; difference between a bootdisk and a boot image , CDR, CDRW medium, unpacking, copying, editing or renaming files

 urlLink Fresh Tortillas and CD-ROM Standards: The El Torito Bootable CD-ROM Specification

 Trying to rebuild my wallet with all kinds of loans :D..

 Virual Memory for a brain I am trying to find a way to manage the things that i am learning without management there is no use.. I keep forgetting stuff that I read.. May be I can use my computer's hard disk as a virtual memory for my brain... Will try to search for a tool and use it.. My laptop's 60 GB harddisk should be fine I guess...

 I always wondered how children learn things about the stuff they are very strange at... It's really amazing to see small child learning to talk, interpret..

 Got a urlLink gmail account

 Used this method to fool two people on April 1st.. Telnet to port 25 of the machine you want the mail to appear to originate from. Enter your message as in this example: HELO bellcore.com MAIL FROM:voyager@bellcore.com RCPT TO:president@whitehouse.gov DATA From: voyager@bellcore.com (The Voyager) To: president@whitehouse.gov Subject: Clipper Reply-To: voyager@bellcore.com Please discontinue your silly Clipper initiative. . QUIT

 Meeting with VP of Hexaware Technologies.. I have to cut my hair..

 My Dreams I should follow.. 1. Entrepreneurship. 2. My Heart. 3. Travel and Photography. 4. Art and Research.

 urlLink Charles de gaulle... The most beautful Airport i have seen till now...

 Some Observations... urlLink flysong is pretty cool, Indian Delta gals are pretty :D... Jet Airways impresses me... Mumbai domestic Airport is pretty cool compared to the international one...

 My policy from now on Dance to the beats of your heart

 Bourbon Chicken bour·bon ( P ) Pronunciation Key (bûrbn) n. A whiskey distilled from a fermented mash containing not less than 51 percent corn in addition to malt and rye. That's why it was stinking :(...

 Generic Food. I guess its bread and Jam. I resorted to that today. I don't have vijai with me now to take me to cool restaurants and order food that a normal Indian can eat.. So I resorted to Bread and Jam after today's disaster at lunch with stinking chinese food...

 Public display of Love. Still a debatable topic in India and for Indians.. But not for Americans: *French Kiss in an i-ride Bus*

 Chinese Food. Note : User's discretion adviced in reading this blog.. Always get shit an hour after I eat chinese food may be because it is so close to shit and takes less time to get converted to shit.. Current Mood : Desperation for my mom's food...

 Tommorrow it starts!!!!

 Value for life in U.S Just remembered Kripa flying in 100 feet road and landing in my back seat after 5 seconds in the air.. :)).. and the signs posted in the American roads..

 Automation In U.S everything is automated even a smal shops all the processes are automated.. Today I got a shuttle bus service mears shuttle service in orlando.. Which was partially automated.. But had some manual stuff.. This guyzz shitted with that.. and left me wondering what would happen if they had to come to India and Work... :)...

 From the 17th floor of the Peabody hotel.. These guyz are charging like 125$ per day. . Hotel is cool.. But it doesn't serve my purpose.. Wireless signal is pathetic here.. I am losing my connections too some times... So what's the use of paying all these stuff... if you don't get wat you want.. In Hampton Inn Provo I got 2MBPS effective download speed... So bottleneck ways always the web servers not my connection :)..

 My Wallet's ashes are also burning. Continuing My shopping spree today I bought a home theatre system worth 120 bucks.. Went to shopping for buying a gift for my sister. I initialy thought of buying some cool dolls for her. After going there.. I started looking at Hand bags for my sister. I don't like the items like that and also got confused with a wrist watch. But I remeber gifting her a wrist watch a year ago and then I went to portable MP3 player area.. Just adjuscent to that there were sony sport boom box stuff which attracted But it didn't have facilities for DVD or MP3 or else I would have bought that for sure and then I moved one more rack left to go for DVD Mp3 players.. Almost purchased a sony MP3 DVD Player On my way to the billing counter.. Sales person just showed us the home theatre and now its in my room :).. I was neaway thinkin of buying a home theatre So it was a good deal any way Home theatre for 120 bucks...

 surfing in a wireless broadband at 2MBPS is pretty cool... Especially when you had to download media stuff :)...

 VolleyBall in Provo... Had to kill time this sunday.. Heck who would go to office on Sunday..So what do I do??? Play volleyball for 10 matches and get my hands swollen.. Any way I was playing not much.. neway Every one is protecting me... But still managed to get my hands swollen.. Fcuk I forgot to take pics.. It was awesome bit of place backyard of a beautiful church. But I took one while driving back..

 Cultural difference I noticed.... Lots of importance to the physically disabled people.. Importance to pedesterians. people are very courterous and kind. People here enjoy their life from sex to Nirvana.. Here every thing is celebration as kripa says.... People are committed and enjoy in whatever they do and do whatever they enjoy..

 ISKON in Utah Yesterday went to urlLink Iskon in Utah. . Iskon in Utah.. Looks ironical.. I guess Utah is the state which contains the least number of Indians.. And this temple is built and maintained by an American who converted to Hindu changed his name (carudas Pronuncuation is : Karudas) and his wife (vaibhavi devi) is also Hindu converted American .. These people look interesting.. And temple is beautiful located in the remote village (spanish fork) of Utah and has a cool sceneries around it... and he also has some llama's...

 Tried Italian and Thai cuisine yesterday.. Thai seems to rock.. Its very much similar to south indian.. Especialy the Chicken Red curry seems to be very very similar to the chicken curry my mom does.. Except for the additional vegetables which these guyzz add.. and Italian Pastas Sux.. So My list of cuisines I have tried in this week. 1. U.S style Indian cuisine. 2. Mexican. 3. Italian. 4. Thai. 5. Chinese. 6. American.

 My Wallet is burnt I really Burnt my wallet... Bought a compax Presario Note book P4 2.66, 512 MB, CDRW-DVD and all other bull shit.. cost me 1100$, 250 greater than my budget and Bought a digi cam Easy share cx7300. and Also bought a USB Device of 256 MB.. I think I won't get my salary for next couple of months... :(..

 Ulu's Blog 0.2 Change Log. a. Changed Einstein's picture. b. Create a new photo blog and link blog and added for them here. c. Added a Note, Since I am using lots of hard links in my blog. 1.0 release is pretty far away......

 Strange things can happen here... I got locked outside my hotel room ... :((.............

 The Hsigo's Photo Blog.. I have got my photo blog urlLink here.. ... I would be getting a new digi cam So you can expect more there..

 Cut and Paste from urlLink here I remember blogging related to some of the ideas mentioned below.. some time back... Project Utopia Robert Love and Joe Shaw's umbrella project to improve hardware interaction in Linux desktops is pretty promising. Project Utopia spans a number of components, including the kernel, udev, hotplug, d-bus, HAL, and the graphical/user interaction components in the desktop. The goals of Project Utopia go way beyond what people are doing with hotplug today; the basic premise is to tie the whole interaction together, from the silicon to the screen. Robert and Joe are building Project Utopia with use cases as opposed to a functional spec. This is an interesting way of designing software that is a lot more natural and gives you a lot more freedom than drawing a rigid functional specification. So Project Utopia's spec consists of statements like: When the user plugs in a printer, autoconfigure it and ask him if he wants to make it his default printer. When an ethernet cable is plugged in, try to obtain an IP address on the ethernet interface automatically, and make it the default route. Then it's up to the hackers to make sure that whatever they build, the user's experience matches the target use cases. This is especially good in a situation where the architecture is complex enough that it's easy to lose sight of what the user wants. I hope Robert and Joe will post their full set of use cases on a Project Utopia web page of some sort. Desktop Search If you've ever used a PalmPilot — even one running a very early version of PalmOS — you will remember that it had a pretty nice search function that aggregated search results from your addressbook, calendar, mail, notes, files and applications. So you'd search for "Miguel de Icaza" and find Miguel's addressbook card, the last couple of mails he sent you, and your appointment with him tomorrow. These are all displayed in a single view, and you only have to perform the search one time to query all of your interesting data. This feature is simple and undeniably useful, and yet we still don't have it on the Linux desktop. Unbelievably, Windows does not yet have a unified search mechanism either. People who have used Sherlock on a Macintosh miss that tool when they move to Windows or Linux. Both GNOME and KDE have simple 'find files' search dialogs, but we don't yet have an integrated search tool. A quick tool could be easily assembled using the Evolution Data Server as a backend for PIM information, and using the locate backend for your files. A great way to build this would be to build off the backends and renderers in the dashboard. You might be able to reuse some of the dashboard backends to build such a tool, and then you'd be able to aggregate results from places like Google and Amazon in a single view. All you'd need to do is to build a slightly different UI; the facilities are even already in the dashboard engine for doing generic keyword-based searches. One thing to consider is whether or not you'd want to disable cluechaining. But this tool is not the same as the dashboard, whose job is to automatically show you things that are relevant to what you're doing. Dashboard requires instrumenting all your existing applications to provide information about what the user is doing; a simple desktop search tool does not. I think this application would be a great candidate for someone who wanted to try building something in Mono for the first time. Absent an indexer, you could just search file names and wait for someone else to plug in the indexing service and an indexer backend. Speaking of which... Desktop Indexer We desperately need a standard indexing service on the desktop that allows you to search the contents of your files. A good indexing service could also be used by applications to index non-file objects, like IM logs and web pages that you bookmark or visit. Then, the user would be able to search his entire personal information space with a single tool. Most existing open source indexer projects — like Lucene and htdig and all the others — are designed to index HTML and text files on web servers so that webmasters can put a Search form on their sites. The desktop indexing services that exist — Medusa, the Dashboard indexer, libremem, and others — are all incomplete, hard to extend, or both. The indexer is one of those projects that could easily become a great example of open source at its best, because of the parallelizability of filter, stemmer and backend development. If I were to build an indexer right now here's what I would do: Split out the dashboard indexer into its own project Take the raw indexing and file format code from a project like nLucene and plug that into the dashboard. This gives you a really great raw indexing engine, incremental reindexing, and an efficient data store. Build a daemon around the indexer that regularly scans your home directory and installed applications, and updates its indexes Add some sort of IPC interface to the indexer so that applications can ask it to index their objects, even if they're not indexable files on the filesystem. This would be for things like mails, web pages you visit, etc. Bonus work: Redo the indexer's metadata system to allow storing arbitrary metadata about indexed objects. Make it so that it can pull metadata from ext3 extended attributes. Hook this all up to iFolder so that any objects that get dumped into an iFolder trigger the indexe. Check out SAMBA and make it so that it maps ext3 extended attributes to SMB file properties, so that these things get transferred to Windows systems. Social Networking The other day Miguel and I and Erik Dasque had dinner with Tim O'Reilly. Tim was talking about friendster and orkut, and social networking. He riffed at length about the idea of mining your mailbox, addressbook and buddy list to create real social network models, instead of these other, separate networks that we have to create manually. This makes a lot of sense to me. If AOL wanted, they could trivially turn buddy lists into an instant social network. It could also be done in your email: Microsoft Research's Social Computing Group has an interesting project that scans your mailbox and produces a flash visualization of the people you email with. I thought maybe Yahoo or Hotmail or GMail could do this too. And of course, we could put social networking into our own groupware tools. Document Comparison Not many people know this, but OpenOffice today can compare one document to another. Sort of like wdiff for the modern era. Go to Edit -> Compare Document.... Sidebar The Scoop mockups caused a minor stir a couple months ago. I think the right way to implement this is to add a new sidebar mode to the panel. That way you can reuse all the existing applet embedding interfaces iFolder iFolder's synchronization functionality makes for some interesting ideas: A blogging tool that publishes to the web by triggering a sync. An iFolder backend for F-Spot could share and publish image galleries. For inspiration, see ShareALot. If Evolution could store mail, addressbooks and calendars in iFolders, then you could share these things with other people peer-to-peer. Graphical Browser History Peter Teichman recently showed me Trailblazer. I think this is brilliant, and would love to see it show up in Firefox.

 Groupwise Vs Exchange. Every one says Novell Groupwise server provides more functionality compared to Exchange. I do acknowledge the fact from my experience with my friends in urlLink this and urlLink this who use Exchange and I say they are paralysed. But when you look at the market share.. Its way too different... One more evidence of how good technology might not be always popular....

 YAST Rocks!!!! NetWare 7.0 = ( NetWare + Sles ) + NLS ... I am a great Redhat fan.. I haven't tried installing suse even after Novell buying it.. Today I had to do that... Its pretty neat.. Yast makes the difference... Now I am thinking of shifting all my machines to Suse.. :)..

 Met around 20 Novell peers in three days.. MySQL urlLink has to improve a lot.

 So finally i have decided to burn my wallet.. Here is the list of things to be shopped.. 1. Laptop :- Hp xxxxx cost : 1000$ 2. Digital camera :- Hp smart XXXX or Kodak easy share :- 150 $ 3. USB memory card :- No idea on which brand to buy 60 $.. 4. Gift for my gal fren ( Hope I would get one soon :)... )... 5. Chocolates ofcourse for the ppl who know I have been to U.S... Some dolls for my cute little sister..

 It's always intersing to watch the wristwatches of the prople in an Airport while waiting for a connecting flight.. You could see all sorts of time.. except for the current time in that particular city... ----- Experienced in Paris de guelle Aiport while waiting for D17 from Paris to NewYork.

 Food In U.S *sux*...

 Tantra of the Internet!!! urlLink Thy who urlLink respects bandwidth shall live longer in the internet. - Ulu..

 Luck I never liked this word luck.. I am a firm believer that all the successes you get is purely because of your hardwork.. Ok I accept that there is some randomness that is provided by this nature. But its just a factor that should be neglected and not reinforced before or after your activities.. Luck and Fate is part of the nature.. As is drought and flood.. Whenever people say it as a luck.. I go out of loop and start seriously thinking for some time whether they mean it correctly or not..

 urlLink Google's gonna rock.... Here is my urlLink favourite company .. urlLink Doing the right things at the right time...

 who Am I???? He is I.. I is He....

 I am pretty much worried these days..... These days I am seeing lots of dead dogs lying around in the middle of the Hosur Road.. When ever I see them.. I would think of a Human being in that situation...

 MySQL Backup File System (MBFS) This is what I am upto for the next couple of months.... /************************************************* Todo * OOPS!!! My design and code doesn't take care creation of the files through the open call.... * Remove the race conditions by having a sync primitive that allows multiple readers (multiple posix API can be executing in parallel) and only one writer( only one setting or resetting). * Currently we are planning to maintain the information for all the open files in the memory .. This certainly shall cause a bottle neck and some criticism We have to think a complex mechanism. How to store information of open files in files... Use a sparse tables concept.... Map the exact memory into the file... * use pathconf to get the maximum path name and use that. * . Race conditions while doing the same/different operations from different threads on the same file. How to tackle this. * Dynamic hash size.. Currently we will be having only static hash size. * open file descriptors uses static array now.. Either it has to be made dynamic array or linked list. * Check whether the requrement of copying the backup.inf after the backup mode reset is valid. * Merge the two meta data structures. * Benchmark the file system calls and optimize the code. * Change the frequently used or smaller functions into macros * have a configuration option of number of file descriptors I can use. Use them for meta data file space. * Check for the global variables usage. * Check whether is there any chance of stack overflow... Stack limit is 4 kB. * Intl enabling. * Better way of reusing the opened Meta data file descriptors across the calls. * Benchmark metadata_file update info. * Deletion and creation of the files during the backup mode... and deletion and creation of the directories... ============================================= Todo's before sending the patch. 1. Thread safe, thread enabling and removing all the race conditions and thread related problems.. 2. Hashing. 3. File Descriptor to FileName Mapping. 4. Restorartion and backup.inf implementation. 5. Meta data optimization. 6. Deletion and creation of files during the backup mode. 7.. Good debugging integration. 8. Instad of stati carray for backup_open_fd a dynamic linked list to support the platforms that allow large Fd's 9. Currently mbfs dooesn't support multiple threads calling the different/same posix functions acting on the same files across the multiple threads - Very bad requirement have to support this. Design Todo's : Design problems not solved Yet. 1. Open file descriptors problem currently i open and close for every metadata file read and write : Its not a big problem since we are having most of the metadatafile information in the memory. 2. Memory requirements : a. for filenames. b. In memory meta. c. file descriptor info. d. for the systems that allow large number of open files.. We might be using up the memory without any checkpoint.. We are to seriously consider this issue. Todo's of low priority. 1. Organized automated test cases for mbfs... 2. What is the best way to find whether the file is present. 2. Merging with MySQL source code. 3. Testing MySQL with Backup feature. 4. Creation and Deletion of Directories. 5. Benchmarking and Performance improvement. 6. Design Sync. Tip on Multithreaded testing.. Test the various combination of API's on the same/different files across the multiple threads. ****************************************************/

 Weather in Bangalore sux. . got drenched day before yesterday.. here I am today sneezing.. coughing... crying (if tears in eyes is the definition of crying)..

 Week in chennai. Was basking under my mom's laps for one week.. I wish i could go back to chennai permanently...

 urlLink One more to add to my photo blogs

 urlLink Best Photo blogs urlLink List of cool photo blogs... urlLink This one is cool and urlLink this one too....

 I can sue people in Mantralaya using child protection Law...

 My Weekend Bangalore ( 6 P.M on Friday ) To Mantralaya ( 5 A.M on Saturday) Mantralaya (8 A.M on Saturday) To Bellary (11:30 A.M on Saturday) Bellary (11:45 A.M on Saturday) To Hospet (1:15 P.M on Saturday) HosPet( 1:30 P.M on Saturday ) To Hampi ( 2:15 P.M on Saturday) Hampi ( 12:00 P.M on Sunday) To Hospet ( 12:45 P.M on Sunday) Hospet (1:30 P.M on Sunday) To Bangalore ( 10:00 P.M on Sunday) And you need to have pretty strong ass to tolerate this kinda travel in KSRTC buses... But had a nice travel over all most of the time chatting with my sister...

 If your dreams are rocks Hampi is the place to be... Took some 200 photos in a day and half and my index finger is still clicking... And I think I would be getting an SLR camera from my collegue for a month.. Yoo Hooo Let us rock...

 Patents - Sux!!!! most patents today should be invalid, as they were filed over trivial technical solutions, but the US patent office seems to be doing a poor job seperating the valid ones from the trivial ones. Most of the new technologies in Longhorn have existed in the past in one way or another, but they failed to get shipped with a vehicle as Microsoft Windows to users, so they live only on CVS repositories, old research papers, and old systems - This is absolutely true...

 Why Gmail Rawks??? Abstract from urlLink this article. The ads in Gmail are some of the most unobtrusive we've ever seen. They do not flash, spin, rotate or otherwise get in people's faces. They are quiet text ads that appear to the right of some of your messagesThey are not offensive or obnoxious and they certainly do not qualify as "massive billboards." Note also that Gmail does not place a cheesy blurb at the bottom of the e-mail messages you send from your account either, like Yahoo does If you send a lot of file attachments, you'll dig Gmail. We attached a whole bunch of files to a mail message and we could do it much faster than we could with Yahoo (which limits you to three per message Most mail clients have some form of a thread view available but they're quite primitive compared to Gmail's elegant "conversations

 urlLink The Lunatic you work for... *....Like all psychopaths, the firm is singularly self-interested: its purpose is to create wealth for its shareholders. And, like all psychopaths, the firm is irresponsible, because it puts others at risk to satisfy its profit-maximising goal, harming employees and customers, and damaging the environment.....*

 The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable man persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore, all progress depends on the unreasonable man. " ---- George Bernard Shaw Who Am I????

 My handwriting and my sister's handwriting is very similar (hence both are bad :D)... Yesterday i reproduced her signature in the first attempt :D...

 Today I declare The filth is out of my life.....

 Yikes!!! Who is urlLink this guy???.. Its true that M$ has truly excellent people working for them

 Debugging Tools for Dynamic Storage Allocation and Memory Management urlLink This list rocks!!!!!!

 I consider urlLink this as a killer app that is restricting me to migrate to Linux. But I found that it runs on Linux through urlLink cross over So its time for migration..

 Vienna waits for you By Billy Joel.. Slow down you crazy child You're so ambitious for a juvenile But then if you're so smart tell me why You are still so afraid? Where's the fire, what's the hurry about? You better cool it off before you burn it out You got so much to do and only So many hours in a day But you know that when the truth is told That you can get what you want Or you can just get old You're gonna kick off before you even get halfway through When will you realize...Vienna waits for you Slow down you're doing fine You can't be everything you want to be Before your time Although it's so romantic on the borderline tonight Too bad but it's the life you lead You're so ahead of yourself That you forgot what you need Though you can see when you're wrong You know you can't always see when you're right You got your passion you got your pride But don't you know only fools are satisfied? Dream on but don't imagine they'll all come true When will you realize Vienna waits for you Slow down you crazy child Take the phone off the hook and disappear for a while It's alright you can afford to lose a day or two When will you realize... Vienna waits for you. But you know that when the truth is told That you can get what you want Or you can just get old You're gonna kick off before you even get halfway through Why don't you realize...Vienna waits for you When will you realize...Vienna waits for you

 Charmio spirutuana Charmio Spirutuana - Its my birthday wish to my friends from now on...

 Entrepreneurs seeking venture capitalists.. urlLink Here is a good post for entrepreneurs seeking venture capitalists..

 urlLink How M$ develops software

 THE DIGITAL VILLAGE Hope some progress happens urlLink here..

 Bharatnatyam urlLink Alarmelvalli .. I thought her name is alamelvalli.. urlLink Nrityagram .. is similar to urlLink kalakshetra in chennai and I am planning to attend most of the dance festivals of Next year... Khajuraho Dance Festival - Feb/March for 7 days. Elphanta festival (bombay) - Feb Ellora festival (bombay) - March Surya dance festival (trivandrum) - 1st October to 10th October.. Nishagandhi Dance Festival (trivandrum) - vasantahabba (Bangalore) - Feb 1st week. Krishna gana sabha dance festival (chennai) - December Mahaballipuram Dance festiva - Deccember 25th to February 1st week.. On all weekends and national holidays. Natyanjali (chidambaram) - (Starts from Maha shivrathri)..March

 Design after coding!!! I like this stuff.. Sent out the design document for review after the code completion is over... What do you do if u get design rework comments :)... Over confidence.. Over confidence dude...

 How hot air balloon rises in the air? a. Any gas that is lighter than air will rise because of buoyancy (Archimedes principle explained later). b. Any substance (solid or liquid or gas ) expands on heating. c. When any thing expands it becomes less dense compared to the original substance and has so when air is heated it expands and it becomes lighter compared to air outside and tries to rise. d. Air pressure exerted depends on the number of air molecules present or otherwise density of the air. So the Air pressure inside the hot air balloon should be less and it should collapse because of the Air pressure (14.7 pci) exerted from outside. e. But Air pressure also depends (directly proportional to) on how fast the air molecules move so when the air is heated the Airpressure inside the hot air ballon is raised to such an extent that it equals the air pressure exerted from outside and hence air balloon doesn't collapse. Archimedes principle - Principle of buoyancy Buoyancy is the loss in weight an object seems to undergo when placed in a liquid, as compared to its weight in air. Weight :- weight is nothing but a force towards towards the earth.. which depends on lots of things the density of the medium in which the substance, buoyancy of the medium and the density of the substance tooo. Wow!!! What an example to explain a boomerang??? you've experienced this effect. You shift your weight on the bicycle so that the top of the wheel moves to the side, but every bicycle rider knows that the bike doesn't tip over as it would if it were standing still, but turns to the right or left instead. The wing lift that boomerang gets because of the design of its wings acts similar to the weight that we apply on the bicycle and causes it to turn...

 Meetings Sux!!! urlLink This is exactly the reason why I hate meetings.. Heck why do I waste my time if other person is dumb..

 JIM GRAY urlLink This guy too is in Microsoft research. urlLink Here is a nice presentation by him on Personal Petabyte and Enterprise Exabyte.. google's plans of 1GB Gmail means urlLink serious storage needs.

 Hacking your design Hacks are mostly ugly.. You never try to hack if you have full control of the design and implementation.. This post comes becomes I hacked my own design and implementation and the result is confusion and dirt all over the code.. Now I need to clean that up..

 Dude!!! What's happening to me??? for(len = 0 , dummyptr = dummystr; (errcode = read(*fd,dummystr,NAME_MAX)) && (errcode != -1) && (dummyptr = strchr( dummystr,'\n')) ==NULL ; ); len + = (dummyptr - dummystr);

 urlLink Confession of a spammer...

 urlLink Webbased Office

 Swimming in an unknown ocean.. Till now I have been swimming in an ocean without any directions and without any end..Now I can see the shore.. Hope I can keep the breath till I reach the shore.. Yes... I am nearing the end of code completion for my filesystem implementation for MySQL. After that its all testing, Bugfixing, Some Performance improvements which I have planned to do.. These activities might again push me into the sea.. I hope they don't do that.. I am also planning to do performance comparison with Oracle in the Backup mode.. I am confident that my implementation shows better results compared to oracle.. I hope I do one more round of swimming when I make this file system cluster enabled.. But I donno whether my sponsorers will allow me to do that...

 I am becoming nervous as my birthday approaches.. Its 1+ to my age and 1- to my probable living years.. I am yet to start on my Todo's for my life.. Gawd.. If you are true and if you have powers, please do some thing for this.. I want to start soon on my List of things to be done before my death...

 SPAM!!!! I started feeling the pain of the spam.. More than 70% of the mails i get to my Y! account is spam.. The problem with the spam is that they don't cause problem direclty, But the spam filters filter out some of the legitimate mails too... I also started beleiving that people below 18 years shouldn't access the internet or mails.. Because the spams are mostly adult contents and all the people who access mails will hencforth have access to these stuff.. Damn the SPAM...

 urlLink What's GDP? The total market value of all final goods and services produced in a country in a given year, equal to total consumer, investment and government spending, plus the value of exports, minus the value of imports... Per Capita Income Income per person in a population. Per capita income is often used to measure a country's standard of living. I guess its yearly income.. urlLink Percapita income based on states

 urlLink Groupware and simple mail server Had a small conv with one of my friend regarding what exactly the Exchange and other groupware servers mean.. They are not simple SMTP servers. But do we use more than SMTP or Pop features from them.. The expansion of simple messaging has headed in many other directions. Most notably, Microsoft, IBM and Novell have each built comprehensive 'groupware' – online collaboration systems – that use messaging as the basis for robust environments designed to facilitate communication between employees. Instead of simply passing messages, groupware systems allow for the creation of customised data views and interactive database applications that combine input from many people. Because they're designed for many users, such systems make the digitisation of many business processes – for example, the processing of an annual leave form – relatively simple because it can be automatically passed between necessary signatories along a predefined route. This makes groupware a sort of publish and subscribe model, where users subscribe to specific information streams and are given access to that information as it's published by other interested parties. Since everybody in a groupware system is accessing the same central information, they can work in groups around that information. That's the biggest difference between groupware and standard messaging, a point-to-point model where the work is the information. But it's a powerful differentiator that makes groupware a real consideration if the employees in your company frequently work on projects in teams. Major groupware systems now also support instant messaging, allowing group members to seamlessly find each other and communicate no matter where they happen to be. Messages are digitally signed to identify their sender's identity – meaning that all messages sent within the system can, with a high degree of certainty, be accepted to have come from the person from whom they're said to have come. If this type of authentication is important to your business, you'll definitely want to step up from messaging to one of the more sophisticated groupware packages

 Windoze Xp got murdered.. The Windoze xp in my laptop got murdered for second time in its life time of 1.5 months.. This time I tried to install IRDA driver for the controlelr which didn't exist.. and it suffered a painful death... There is no problem for me in reinstalling windoze except for its sick behaviour of overwriting MBR and i lose my grub Then it becomes really a pain to boot the other OS's installed on my machine without a floppy drive.. I will think of a permanent cure for this..

 urlLink Atlast Novell's marketing has something to celebrate upon.. urlLink Now a days Novell ads makes sense.

 I wonder how many times i would have scanned my code to find bugs... But I also wonder how effective those scanning were effective in finding bugs...

 *I* is a pretty bad word.. But sometimes you need to endorse it for better causes...

 I am pretty much worried these days.. My code is getting bloated to extra ordinary limits and it looks ugly.. :(...

 urlLink First Virus written for mobile phones.

 urlLink Yikes!!! Invisibility cloaks. . Dark magic.. everythings' around here..

 urlLink Tivo looks promising technology for India toooo... urlLink Personal server and Personal search .. Some things needs to be done here... urlLink Personal Data Syncing and WebDav are they similar

 Web App Development Its time for learning urlLink CSS and urlLink Php and other stuffs required for Web application developemnt...

 urlLink Its time for urlLink 3d PC's urlLink Have you ever played a videogame ... with your mind?

 More Mischiefs Continuing the previous post.. I just remembered the mischiefs that I used to do.. 1. Sending proxy mails using the hole in the SMTP and I wrote an SMTP client to simplify this process instead of telnetting to the SMTP server, But the main problem I faced here was the Unix machines were not connected to the internet So we couldnot send proxy mails to their most commonly used mail accounts (Vayu server) but only to their unix acccounts which ppl checked rarely.. 2. cat *big source file* > *others unix terminals* : There was a security hole in our Linux servers all the users were given permissions to access all the terminals.. and I used to dump some arbit shit to others terminals.. It was fun when some one sitting next to me was having no idea of what's happening in his terminal... He was thinking he was getting hacked.. :)).... 3. net send * "some arbit" 4. Transfer of files during the lab exams was much more thrilling... I Used my HTTP server for this... 5. I also remember ppl used to play with a chat client. I guess its called pop.. I am sorry If iam wrong I don't exactly remember the name...

 urlLink This guy has writtent a urlLink TCP/IP Stack using Php. I just remember my failed attempts to right a TCP/IP stack (not using php though :)..)during my college third year hols because of the lack of specs on the ethernet driver we were using. It was throwing us some arbit shit of packets of packets to us... And I also remember the brawl with one of my fren regarding this TCP/IP project... It was my dream project that time never got accomplished but i did manage to write a packet analyser for all the three layers.. ( Ethernet 802.3, IP, TCP , UDP ).. using which we planned to hack/hijack the connections that were going to a nearby machine used by our class gals :D... The problem with me even now is that I take some things very close to my heart (more importantly without any reasons), even though many of my frens think that they are not deserved to be given such an importance...

 Yesterday, I realised that I have become a great cook , even though I blowed away my cooker.. It was any way not my problem the whistle got clogged and safety valve melted and nob was blowed off :)... Cooking does give me lots of satisfaction and confidence to be independent....

 End of a looooooooooooong week... Hope next week is coool.... Need some rest for now, But I know i can't it get :(....

 urlLink ITC's e-choupals : putting rural India online urlLink Rajesh Jain on these...

 urlLink Some tips on Digital Photography.

 Competitive coding.. Why MySQL is fast??? Manually written the lexical analyser for the SQL parser.. This may not sound great.. Buf if you have a look at the code you might really appreciate it... Dude!!!! they rock....

 Tip for Linux Programmer For god's sake avoid using Static libraries in Linux It doesn't provide the basic stuff of hiding the symbols or controlling the symbols exported.. All the non static functions and symbols gets exported.. you can use urlLink version scripts to control the symbols exported in dynamic libraries.

 One of the qualities of a good programmer.. Using the common sense to decide on the errors thrown to him!!!!!

 urlLink Railway tickets over ATM

 Why not India do urlLink this?? urlLink Yikes!!! Indians are doing this but not in India :( though...

 urlLink Guy kawaski answers some of entrepreneurial questions here.. The most important ingredient of a good business plan is the executive summary. This should be about two pages long and answers the basic questions: What do you do? What pain are you solving? Who is your team? What is your business model? Who is your competition? Of this list of questions, the most important is the one about the pain you're solving. It better be real, big, and obvious to get funding.

 State of Bannerghatta road.. Bannerghatta road from Belakalahalli to Honeywell Sux.. I feel sorry for the people commuting in that road..

 Attitude of coming to office on weekends... Just 3 kms for 10Mbps Bandwidth :).....

 Easy is to get a place is someone's address book. Difficult is to get a place in someone's heart. Easy is to dream every night. Difficult is to fight for a dream... Easy is to weep for a lost love. Difficult is to take care of it so not to lose it. Courtesy - Kripa.

 urlLink Why Hack Mode Is Better Than Sex You can do hack mode all day without being called immoral. It's not illegal to get paid for hack mode. It's not embarrassing to read hack mode literature in a train. You don't get diseases from hack mode. Hack mode doesn't result in children. Your computer won't get upset if you do hack mode with other computers. You don't have to talk nice to computers to do hack mode. It's socially acceptable to do hack mode with many computers at a time. No-one will get angry if you fall asleep right after hack mode. Killing children in hack mode is quite OK. Parents, too. You won't be arrested for being in hack mode in public! Hack mode 69 is simply being yourself! There are more countable variations of hack mode than positions in the Kama Sutra ------------------------------------------ If Hacking gives you a high.. You might not need sex or drugs for your life ------------------------------------------------ very few phenomena can pull someone out of Deep Hack Mode, with two noted exceptions: being struck by lightning, or worse, your *computer* being struck by lightning.

 Unix-Filedescriptor to FileName Mapping. from the file descriptor, there is no way to get the filename ... No standard way that is... For linux, /proc/ /fd has fd-filename pair (do an ls -l /proc/pid/fd) Alternatively, you will have to search through all inodes, which is a lot of work It can be done on a Linux system, using fstat() This function returns a complete description of the file, albeit without the file's name. If you know how to work the Linux filesystem, and you have sufficient rights to descend the whole tree and to read the on-disk filingsystem, then you can locate the inode and find its name. There used to be (Unix V6 and V7) calls like ncheck and dcheck, to check a filesystem. I don't know if there is a standard tool to find a name for an inode. Must be. If all else fails, try "ls -i" on Linux, it will give you the inode numbers of every file. If you know that the file is created in the /tmp-directory, you can also perform a low-level search in that directory to find the inode you're looking for. But beware, in a Linux system there can be more filenames that have the same inode! These are called links. See "man ln" for more info. When the last link to an inode is deleted, the file itself is deleted. Opening a file increases the number of links to a file with 1, so you can create a new file and immediately remove it. As long as the file is open, the content won't be destroyed. That's why you don't see the temp-dir's on Linux stuffed with old temp-files, like on Windows. Inference :- Don't try to get the mapping from file descriptor to filenames.. Do it on your own...

 Gnu Indent and dos2unix saved my day. I would have wasted my entire day in organizing my code if urlLink this wasn't available for me.

 urlLink

 urlLink Portal on Everything related to religion and spirutialism... "There is no Religion higher than Truth" --Helena Petrovna Blavatsky

 urlLink How Nagaraj Babaji was born IN THE year 203 AD somone was born on the night before the new moon during the Tamil month Kartikai (or November). This happened in Tamil Nadu, in a small village. The seaport town Porto Novo lies there now. His parents gave him the name "Nagaraj", or "King of serpents" to honour the great primordial life force ... After being kidnapped at the age of five by a Pathan and taken north to Dacca, he was later released. He wandered with religious mendicants till the age of eleven - he migrated to Benares where he rose to be a Sanskrit scholar. [See note below] Discontent with his early success, he sailed by boat to the shrine of Katarigama on the southern coast of Sri Lanka. For eighteen months he plunged into such contemplation (meditation) where he could analyse different philosophical systems with the bright mind of a twelve years old youth or so. ......

 urlLink A Tale of Two Yogis: Yogananda and Babaji Paramhansa Yogananda talked about Mahavatar Babaji for the first time in his Autobiography of a Yogi. Also known as Nagraj Babaji, Mahavatar Baba had Tamil origins. His followers believe he is approximately 1,000 years old. Babaji's disciples think of him as the incarnation of Lord Shiva, and so believe that he is present everywhere. Babaji once told his disciples of the Creator: ''He is deathless. He can do whatever He wills. The whole universe is an expanded bubble ready to burst before Him.'' A Mahayogi himself, Babaji is said to have spent centuries as a recluse in the Himalayas , performing intense penance and meditation to attain enlightenment. Many of his disciples believe that the Mahavatar moves around in the interior recesses of the Himalayas accompanied by a group of highly evolved American, European and Indian disciples......

 Combodian history Cambodian kings were Indians >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> |AD100 - AD600 THE KINGDOM OF FUNAN |[Map]c. AD100 The Kingdom of Funan, part of the lands which will become the vast Khmer Empire or Cambodia, is established by the legendary Indian brahmin, Kambu. The peaceful settlement of Indian traders begins the process of Indianization of Cambodia. |c. AD245 Two Chinese ambassadors visit Funan and produce a report on all aspects of life in the kingdom. |AD357 King Chandan, who is probably of Indian origin, comes to the throne of Funan. He is succeeded by another brahmin ruler. |End AD400 - AD500 The Kingdom of Funan is a prosperous trading region, lying on the trade and pilgrimage route between India and China. Indian culture still plays an important part in the developing Kingdom of Funan, although native influence over customs, art, architecture and religion is now also very strong. Both forms of Hinduism and Mahayana Buddhism, a type of Buddhist religion popular in India and China, exist in Funan. |6th century There is evidence from the texts of contemporary Chinese historians that the Funan Empire is strong and respected throughout Asia. Indian influence is still very much evident in all areas of life. Trade in Funan is centered in the prosperous port city of Oc-eo. |AD514 - c. AD539 King Rudravarman is the last of the great kings of Funan. He cultivates the worship of the Hindu god Vishnu. Statues of the god dating from his reign still exist today, showing the influence of contemporary Indian art and religious iconography. |c. AD550 Prince Bhavavarman of the Funan royal family (and grandson of King Rudravarman) marries the female heir to the throne of Chenla, a fertile kingdom to the north of Funan occupying the territory which today is Laos. Chenla is inhabited by the Mon-Khmer people whose leaders are related to the Funan royal family before the time of Bhavavarman. On the Chenla king's death, Bhavavarman becomes King of Chenla, and when the Funan king dies, he siezes Funan as well. Within a few years, Funan becomes a vassal state to Chenla. | AD600 - AD800 THE KINGDOM OF CHENLA |c. AD600 - AD611 Bhavavarman is succeeded by Mahendravarman and then by Isanavarman, both of whom are strong kings and complete the process of integrating Funan into Chenla. The capital of Chenla is initially at Sambor, some 40 miles southeast of Angkor. |AD616 - AD635 King Isanavarman rules the Kingdom of Chenla with his capital at Sambor Prei Kuk. Architecture develops in the kingdom using sandstone for building and beautiful carvings in stone for the temples. |AD635 - AD656 King Bhavavarman II rules Chenla. Mahayana Buddhism spreads in Chenla. Statues celebrating this religion are found. |c. AD750 Jayavarman I becomes King of Chenla. His reputation is as a strong war-like king who expands the Chenla kingdom through his many conquests. Ruined temples from this time still stand in the land around the Angkor region. Wars of succession divide and weaken Kambuja. Contact with India is broken and trade ceases. As the Kingdom of Chenla declines, the Saliendra dynasty in Indonesia rises to power. It is possible that this Indonesian dynasty may have, in part, descended from the royal family of Funan. |Late AD800 This is a period of weakness and eventual disintegration into individual states for the Kingdom of Chenla. There is an administrative breakdown which results in the separate states being powerless. Meanwhile the Saliendra dynasty, the ruling house of the Indonesian Empire, becomes increasingly powerful and starts expanding in southeast Asia. The Saliendra king of Java invades Chenla and claims the throne, possibly on the grounds that he is descended from the royal house of Funan. Cambodia becomes a vassal state of Java. |AD800 - 1440 THE KINGDOM OF KAMBUJA |c. AD800 - AD850 Jayavarman II, a young man connected to the Chenla royal family and educated at the Saliendra court in Java, returns to Chenla in AD790. He becomes king around AD800. Initially he extends his kingdom by seizing land to the north and east of Chenla. His 50-year reign is decisive in developing the Khmer Kingdom by establishing its constitution, religion and capital. His reign also sees important changes in Khmer architecture. He builds several capitals, but finally establishes his principal capital at Roluos, about 10 miles southeast of today's town of Siem Reap. He names this city Hariharalaya. |AD850 - c. AD877 Jayavarman III, son of Jayavarman II, succeeds the throne of Kambuja and continues to rule the empire from the city at Roluos. |c. AD877 - c. AD889 Indravarman I, a nephew of Jayavarman II, rules Kambuja. He is learned and brings peace and unity to the Khmer Kingdom. He has a wide reputation for being a strong king throughout southeast Asia. His peaceful reign and the income from the expanding Khmer Empire enables King Indravarman I to embark on an ambitious building program. |AD877 Indravarman builds a large reservoir north of the city. |c. AD889 - c. AD900 Yasovarman I (son of Indravarman) is King of Kambuja. He supposedly descends from the Funan royal family through his mother. Many inscriptions found on temple walls describing the events of his rule date from his reign. It is believed that he was a strong but tyrannical ruler. He moves the city from Roluos to the present site of Angkor, a few miles from today's town of Siem Reap. Here he [Map] builds the city of Yasodharapura with the Bakheng as the central temple. At Roluos he builds the Lolei Temple in the center of the baray. |AD900 - AD921 Harshavarman I, Yasovarman's brother, rules. He builds his temple-mountain, the Baksei Chamkrong, a stone pyramid with a single tower. |AD921 Harshavarman's uncle, Jayavarman IV, divides the kingdom and sets up a rival capital about 60 miles to the north east of Angkor in the old Chen La Kingdom at Koh Ker. His son rules in this new capital. Prasat Kravan is built to honor Lakshmi, the wife of Vishnu. It is a brick temple with a rich beautiful shrine. This is one of the first temples not to be dedicated by a king, but rather by an individual or member of the hereditary aristocracy. |c. AD930 - c. AD944 An usurper successor (whose name is unknown) rules, followed by his son. The capital remains far away from the Angkor site. |AD944 - AD968 Rajendravarman II, a descendant of Yasovarman I, rules Kambuja and brings the court back to the old capital, Yasodharapura, at Angkor. He continues to expand the Khmer Empire further and manages an impressive building program during his relatively short reign. The Sanskrit inscriptions on the temples remaining from this reign tell us that this king was wise and tolerant. Several Mahayana Buddhist establishments are set up at Angkor during his reign. |c. AD950 Rajendravarman II attacks the Cham Kingdom which lies to the east of Kambuja. |AD968 - 1001 Jayavarman V rules Kambuja. His reign is marked by peace, prosperity and cultural development. Jayavarman V's court is filled with scholars, poets, ministers, ecclesiastics and philosophers who discuss the mysteries of the world, paint its beauties, write music and songs, dance for the delight of the king and his courtiers and build wonderful temples, among them the exquisite temple of Banteai Srei. Jayavarman V also builds the temple of Ta Keo which is dedicated to Siva and is the first of the Angkor temples to be built completely of sandstone.

 Utter crap I wanted a domain name (ulu.in) , This is what it spits out at me.. Heck, its utter crap.. "A Letter on your Organisation's Letterhead clearly stating the Organisation Name and the Domain Name that you wish to Register AND ISP licence issued by the DoT. AND ISP licence issued by the DoT. AND ISP licence issued by the DoT. AND ISP licence issued by the DoT. Trademark registration documents, if domain is same as company's trademark. If the trademark has not been registered yet, then a copy of the plication made for the trademark as well as the search documents provided by Trademark Registry, which indicate that the required trademark has been searched through, should be submitted. Conditions: If the domain name is derived from the company name, then the company must be licensed by the DoT in India.: If the domain name is same as the trademark, then the trademark must be registered with the Trademark Registry of india. : The domain will be activated immediately if all the above conditions are satisfied. :The domain will be alloted once the necessary documents and the"

 urlLink This is what i was thinking about: the next gen file system for Linux

 Good urlLink article on drought proofing our Indian economy...

 Oscon 2004 Oscon 2004 is currently being held in portland.. presentations can be downloaded from urlLink here

 Uhhh.. Atlast I can start working Last two days has been crap.. deleted my /var folder accidently.. tried installing suse 9.1 (with the latest 2.6 kernel).. installed it.. Tried bringing up samba.. I tried for 10 hours.. Gave up!!.. and I asked our IS to try their hands.. tried for 2 hours gave up!!!.. Then decided that I had to go back to my good old Redhat 9.0.. spent some 4 hours with it and got it up.. Two days of work gone..

 urlLink This one is really funny...

 I love my NetWare box :D.. Its been two months since i touched NetWare machine and saw the legendrary internal debugger screen of NetWare.. Now its up and running... Hoping to have lots of fun with it :)

 ROFL :))... > If you do not send this e-mail to at least 1200 people in the next > > > 10 seconds, a bird will crap on your head today at 5:30pm.

 9/11 commision report is urlLink here ...

 Ultimate test for your code : Making it yes certified on NetWare. I think the ultimate test for any code is nothing but making ur code run on NetWare. The code which was running peacefully and passing most of my test cases on Linux, doesn't even compile on NetWare not because of platform changes because of some obvious crappy coding typos and standard 'C' compiler bugs. After seeing those errors I was in total surprise how that code compiled for Linux. After i get it compiled then NetWare starts singing and dancing with its traditional abends, After fixing some of the abends our NetWare spits out all sorts of errors on its console saying your program leaks the blood of the computer.. I normally call memory as the blood: The precious

 Einstein is gone :)...

 Yet another consulting persons call.. Normally I would hang up after first few seconds But this gal almost lured me in.. Wow!! What a voice... How ever i hung up after some time Now i think i should have got her number to meet her :D (ulu is that you.. Do you dare to do this, Naaaah.. just words no actions)..

 urlLink Kalam as always inspirational, gives ideas about urlLink rural urlLink prosperity through urlLink connectivity.

 urlLink Monsoon Economy of India

 X-platform Coding - Windoze stands alone I am feeling sick on porting my code to windoze... Windoze is a non standard filthy shit, has its own set of API's whereas all other platforms has standardized on posix..

 Indian Roads - Sensitive eco-system Why to visit Amazon or south America for the sensitive ecosystem, There is a much more sensitive eco system in the Indian roads.

 Its been a year. A year has passed, I am quite happy today, Supposed to be one of the sad days of my life.. Didn't have sound sleep yesterday.. I am sleeping with my eyes open in front of the comp.

 Chennai Water crisis Chennai 55 Lakh people need around 103 Million litres (minimum) of water every day. Telugu Ganga project : The Krishna river water released from the Kandaleru reservoir in Andhra Pradesh reached the zero point near Uthukottai in Tamil Nadu, after covering a distance of 152 km, on February 16. It was to reach Poondi and then course 35 km down the Baby Canal to the Red Hills reservoir for being treated and ferried in tankers. But such hopes evaporated on February 18 with the Poondi canal remaining dry. Illegal tapping of water by farmers and the drawal of water to meet the demands of Tirupati town in Andhra Pradesh were offered as the reasons for the virtual non-arrival of the Krishna water in the Poondi canal. New Veeranam Project : The scheme was being implemented without affecting irrigation in the existing ayacut. By raising the lake bund by 0.6 metres, its capacity had been raised from 930 mc ft to 1,485 mc ft, she said. This and other steps taken to augment the lake's capacity would result in the availability of water going up from 11.06 tmc ft to 14.45 tmc ft, she said. Of the additional 3.39 tmc ft, only 2.45 tmc ft would be used for the New Veeranam Project. Desalination plants : Nuclear plant at kalpakkam already urlLink has one with a capacity of 6 million litres. Whereas one that is urlLink planned for chennai by Mr. P. Chidambaram is for 300 million litres capacity. My biggest worry is these desalination plants needs fuel for its operation.

 Mumbai Metro Mumbai's urlLink tragedy . An old urlLink article but thought its good..

 urlLink Of the world's 100 largest economic entities, 51 are now corporations and 49 are countries. urlLink The World's leading 2000 companies .. India has around 24 of them...

 Ulu gets inspired!!! I have every reason to get inspired and work for next two months supposed to be the most interesting period in two years of my professional career..

 (Why/Why not) higher studies? Hmm, Most of my frens say that I am suitable for research and I should have gone for research and Ph.D and even my Aim too was was to go for Ph.D during my college days But two years have passed after my collge life and I didn't take any solid step towards it, and Now I need to answer question for myself on why I didn't go for Research? The Actual reasons why I didn't go for research a. Some continous source of Income for my Parents I couldn't guarantee this.. b. I found industry interesting... c. July 14th Issue.. d. I didn't want to go far away from my family and frens for 5 years (Assumption Ph.D takes 5 years) e. Any way I would be coming back to India after Research I didn't find much of a value add of Ph.D except for it would full fill my dumb dream and apart from that it might give some exposure. f. My entrepreneurship ideas. But Now I want to give strong reasons. a. I now feel that It's good that I didn't go for research because till now I haven't decided on the subject of Interest, Networks interest which I had was an arbitrary one and doesnot have much of reasoning. And even if I would have gone for Research I would have ended up doing some arbit subject which I wouldn't have been able to reason. b. Research are mostly theoretical, only very few research concepts come out to Industry and Among the few of the concepts that come to the Industry only few of them are useful to the common man. At any point of time My Aim was to do some thing that will help common man and If I would have gone for research I wouldn't have made sure that my research would have helped common man because i would have been doing something which My professor likes so that he would give some good grades.. But Now I will certainly want to work on the things that are needed by people in the technology I am working and I will certainly go for research if its needed. Now I don't worry about professors and grades because I now know what matters... c. There is no end for research in my life I was always doing that and I will continue to do that But it has taken a different shape. Why Not CAT? Till I finished my college I considered my self as a tech guy and I also had opinion that tech guyzz shouldn't go for Management and hence I never considered CAT or Management courses for higher studies. But after I came out of college, I realised that I am very poor in economics, finance and also Management (all the non tech aspects) I certainly want to learn them when I need them So Now my decision about the Management is I will learn these subjects either through P.G courses or part time courses or through some other mechanisms But only when I need them. And One of the blindest of dreams that I still want to pursue is the theoretical physics. I donno why I wanted to do work on that, But I want to do work on that at any cost at any age. I will certainly start one day to work full time on theoretical physics..

 Trekker's Motto "Leave nothing but footprints, kill nothing but time, and shoot nothing but photographs and bring back nothing but memories"

 SETC Sux ... SETC always sucked but last night it sucked harder and deeper.. Heck.. Push back doesn't work.. window gets clogged.. Bus starts 1 hour late (every time it used to be 30 mins) and Bus gets some unique problem where it rocks all the passenger back and forth around ten times when you change gears before acclerating.. and atlast to make the matters worse Drum Brake fails and we had to risk our life for 2 hours travelling in a bus without brakes and consequences : Night out, 3 hours late KSRTC is improving day by day it's new rajahamsa buses are pretty cool..

 Swadeshi. Till now I have been buying the stuff that gives price/performance value to me.. But now w I want to turn Swadeshi.. I declare I will buy only Indian products from now on.. unless foreign products show significant price/performance difference.

 urlLink Mono 1.0 has been urlLink released !!... I hope atleast this one increases the number of ISV's on Linux..

 urlLink Innovation by Indians. : condoms used for roads, roofs and sarees.

 Nice urlLink article about urlLink Miguel de Icaza that got urlLink /.tted .. I like this "...I would say that the greatest benefit that Novell got from Ximian was not their technology; it was their DNA....” To say it in brief. "Ximian is one damn cool company."

 Comedy!!!! urlLink sun to buy novell

 Microsoft Vs Google.. Ahh haaa... At last the urlLink fight is officially announced....

 Worried... One of my relatives daughter of 15 years age is married and has a child.... And urlLink here is the link about Indian population..

 abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxy.,

 The Euro '04 was the first soccer tournament i followed completely. And to the surprise of the world Greece became the champions. So i reflected that, if an underdog Greek could win a championship maybe it is time i give it a shot. Well, yesterday i played football again after two years. Before that i have played it thrice in my life. There is this tiny ground in our campus we use for any prupose. Football is no exception. Four bricks (goal posts) and viola! Three minutes into the game, the ball came to me twice. I tried my best to dribble and pass it to my teammates. I can now confirm that round things are tricky to control. The captain of my team came to me and said "follow me" and started walking. I followed. After sometime he stopped and said "dont follow me". We were in inside our D. A subtle way of saying "you are not good enough to play forward... please defend". I took the hint and never crossed the D after that. Soccer is a very demanding game. Five minutes later, i was running out of air and my lungs became dry. I politely asked some players that if by any chance i would fall and die they should tell my parents that the Greeks were responsible. After the game, the captain came to me and thanked me personally for the two assists which got converted. After that my team captain came to me and told me in the very subtle way of his "will u be coming tomorrow?" (The answer he honestly expected was NO. So i gave him the pleasure. He was very happy) Read "The Inscrutable American" sometime back. There is this time Gopal comments about the way american named the game `Football` when it has nothing to do with foot and a ball whose shape is anything but a ball. How true! Americans! Today morning i got up and felt immediately this is not my day. Reason being, my roomate was dressing and he was not expecting me to open my eyes. What a spectacle that early in the morning. The lengths(no double meaning intended) these roomates go to improve intimacy. So got ready and kicked my bike alive for the 20 minutes drive to office. No sooner than i reached the main road the heavens opened. Rain. Did i mention, it is official now: my raincoat was stolen last week. Oh God! Why me? Do u remember urlLink this . It was a day-time repeat of that. I reached office after 45 minutes. If Akshay Kumar had a competition in the song "Thippu thippu barsaa paani.." with Raveena, it was me. That wet. I was shivering the whole day like i was recovering from a nervous breakdown. At 6:30, a colleague called out "Im going to play TT in the recreation room. Want to join?" I humbly replied, "Its raining." He gave me the sternest of looks and moved away.

 Two Cops(2 Flicks in French).This is one of the french movie that I saw yesterday. Scene 1: Detective Jaures is working on a case of bank robbery. He is at his house talking in a telephone. Hears that robbers worked with commando like precision, threw a timed explosive to chalk out an escape. Strikes a bell. He moves stealthily, takes a file from his hideout. Takes out a few old newspaper clippings that talk about a similar operation conducted earlier.His face taut with emotion. His wife enters the room. Takes the file and tries to look into it. He snatches it saying its confidential. She replies "I dont believe you." Scene 2: The younger cop Antoine arguing with Jaures. Antoine ends the conversation by replying " I know why you like me. Thomas would have been my age.". Again Jaures face is inundated with flood of emotions. Scene 3: In the end, Jaures looks at the dying terrorist and says with controlled anger... "A promise is a promise". Scene 4: Jaures looks at the same newspaper clippings and tears them one by one. The last paper's headline is "Young Cop Thomas dies in the blast".His wife comes takes out the paper from and tears it. Places it on her husband's shoulder and says "I'm sorry, Jaures. I doubted you." I understood as to why Jaures still decides to be a detective eventhough he's a genuis and could have become the head. Fascinated me as to how much can be conveyed by saying so less. Sort of gave the perfect definition to the word "Subtlety".If it had been any Indian or hollywood movie, there would have been a barrage of tears and french kisses(how odd??). I've grown from an admirer of French movies to a chavunistic. They are indeed masters of aestheticness.

 First of all, sorry for not posting anything for a long time. You know, they cut off the access to blogger.com from my company(Thankfully its back). And then you know I had some relatives come over to my house. And then you know I had to organise an offsite for the team. And You know I was also going through some confusions that affected my already affected mental life. And then now you know although all these above said things are true, I'm good at giving excuses :). I've sort of now decided on the blog allocations. All my daily cribbings, cravings and other nonsenses would find its way into this blog. All the other occasional nonsensical stuff, that I also call creative writings and thoughts would go to urlLink my home blog . And the other tamil nonsensical thoughts would go to my tamil blog urlLink laadlabakdas . The last one actually,incidentally,accidentally got mentioned in urlLink valaipoo . By now, you guys also must've realised that I'm good at planning. Now coming to the actual topic...I managed to get myself lost in the potholed, bumpy and curving roads of Banglaore...not once but twice. That too on consecutive days. On sunday, I dropped Mukund at his home and he started giving me directions. I told him that I had been there previosuly and I knew the route. Well, that was God's honest truth. 100..200..300 metres...got confused. Tried to find my way out but then got confused again. It took me atleast an hour to reach a place that should take 15 mins. If it happened one night, it happened again yesterday. I guess my experimental blood is showing up too much eventhough I know nobody is gonna credit my discovery as "Bala's Route". Yesterday was much worse because I was trying to find a route that was not in my part of the city. The worst thing about getting lost is you cant throw up your hands in despair and say "I give up". And whenever a junction comes up, you really get confused whether to turn, where to turn and the only thing that'll helps you to decide is the breadth of the road. Cos you think the broader the road the more chances it'll lead you to a main road. But I'll tell you that algorithm doesnt actually work. So the pursuit to be another Colombus continues...

 Finally, i could squeeze some time to write something. Had to go off work early for home hunting. We need a rental 2BHK near Kothrud area in Pune (if u know any contact: mrmathi@gmail.com). And for the past week i the cynosure of a little passing game in our project. Both Version 2.0(maintainence) and version 3.0(new release) wanted me(u see, im famous here). Reminds me of the tamil phrase "Athula oru kaal, saethula oru kaal". Both the version's GL's were giving me work merrily until i complained to the more compassionate one of the two that im always hectically loaded. It was a hard decision from the v2 guys to let me go. They warned me about the dark side of v3...and u-know-who...but i said "dark side it is, Period." Now im doing the same work under a different banner. I thought i would be free enough once i moved to v3, but nary i found time to write. So does my fellow bloggers, it seems. Whats with u guys down there? Bals, Ulu...anyone? No post for the longest time since June 16th. Im ravenous for some posts. Last saturday, we (me+niket+parag+vinayak+some imaginary girl friends) went out on a trip to a place called Bajha caves near Lonawala, an hour drive from Pune. The caves are national monuments. Figures as it belonged to the buddhist monks from 2-3rd century. The caves were totally carved out of the mountain looking over a huge valley. They were carved somewhere in the middle of the mountain so that the access to it is harder from any direction. Without the concrete stairs, which makes it a lazy walk for five minutes, the caves would have been a real tough trek to access. There were some 18 caves in all, with the biggest caves: a sort of shrine in the middle. The other caves were apparently dwelling quarters because they had a cot of stone. All these digs were approximately 6.5 x 6.5 x 6.5 with atleast one cot. The engineering and geological knowldge of those monks were unbelievable. Some caves had sculptures as well which i think were not from the same era. Must have been an addition by the Hindu rulers after the caves have been deserted by the hermits. Enough history lessons. Now to the exciting part. There are some 3-4 waterfalls in the vicinity of the caves. The number is less because it havent started to rain real hard this monsoon season. Once we saw the falls we went in for the kill. The water was cold and hard. The rocks were slippery and the thrill was great. We drenched and cleansed as if there was no project deadlines, no GLs behind ur ass. All this while a friend was clicking away the camera. (The pics have come out in real graphic details of naive males in their undies. So out of concern for the female crowd, who visits this site, the pics have not been included. The truth is i have to find a scanner.) Three hours later we had to return as there is a project deadline. Reality! It bites! From then on it was all downhill this weekend. Disappointments of the weekend: Couldnt get tickets for `The Passion of the christ`. Although visited 3 rental homes we couldnt find any digs as yet. I blinked too long and missed Sunday go by. The MEOW class still dont have any good-looking girls. Soon u might read in the papers, "Dejected software engineer from Pune took Bajha caves as his residence..."

 Indians have always been guilty of exhibiting a shockingly high divergence between private and social utility. Thus, they will bathe thrice a day but not pull the chain in a public toilet; they will keep their homes spick and span but throw the garbage over the fence on to the public road; they will not pay their taxes but demand all kinds of subsidies; they will bribe for everything but complain about corruption; and so on. cut and paste from urlLink here

 Just checking whether I can post blogs by mail!!!!!!

 People, there are two things i consider that the Gods have always been inconsiderate towards me. Women and Travel. The first is easier to explain... plastic surgery is still out of reach for a software engineer in India. Second, lets just say that some of the worst memories of my troubled little life are from the ones that involves commuting. Yep, i have been involved in all kinds of travel-messups one can imagine. Marooned in the motel, monsoon stops train spoils diwali, sleep in the bus-cabin with seven other strangers, ticket torn/lost/wet, drunken cargo loading guy, luggage lost.... U name it, i got it. I can officially publish "Murphy's laws: The Travelers edition". That said, I went home to Trichy from Pune last week after a really long gap. The only thing that serves as a motivation against that morbid fear of mine is the assurance that i'll meet friends and family. The journey, with me involved was bound to be an eventful one. My Volvo booking from pune to b'lore was cancelled. I came to know this four hours before my departure time and i had to settle for an ordinary Southern-travels-airbus which leaves two hours later (9PM) than the volvo. The promised fifteen hours travel was lenghtned by no less than six hours. I set foot in b'lore on saturday around 5PM minus my spinal cord. Meet friends. The purpose of the journey and the torture was rewarded when Moosa, Bals, Jap, Manix, PK, Ulti said things like "reduce ur tummy", "u look different", "U write lovely", "do MS in US only", "what happened to u?". Everybody had a different prespective. But everyone agreed that i needed a haircut. Saw Van Helsing(sorry, no more reviews... im taking Bal's advice). Much talking and some nostalgia later it was time to leave. Manix dropped me at Madivala amidst pouring rain(a Thanks cum congrats cum visa-treat is in order). I was as wet as Sridevi in Mr.India. Boarded the bus that would take me home, trichy. Slept like the drunkurd guy lying in the alley near `Gandhi wines`. Six and a half hour later i was in Trichy. I disembarked before anyone noticed that my seat was totally ruined because of all the rain water i carried from b'lore. When i reached home i was as loose as sand and gravel mix. I hit the bag and thought what i hated most the travel or the journey. ...to be continued (The return journey involves a flight from Madras to Pune)

 Tears flow in my eyes when I read urlLink this BTW.. I managed to convert one of my collegue into swadeshi.. An old urlLink article but thought its good..

 I urge everyone to see the greatness of Hoysala architecture.. Its just 220 kms from Bangalore, One day trip would suffice...

 Sorry guys for the trickling number of post. But have no fear, im not running out of ideas. In fact im fearful that i might forget to post some of the wonderful ideas i get, that i decided to prioritize them. This one came to the top of the list today. Here goes... Preamble: I had this huge cruch on this girl from school days. From 7th grade to 10th. Her name is KALAIvani. (The word KALAI is capitalized because of another reason. I love that word as much i love women. It follwed me my enire life. Well my first crush's name has it. My favourite person cum teacher in the world is KALAIchelvi. My mother's name is KALAIarasi. And my college crush... her name do not have KALAI in it. But wait a minute... I felt miserable and asked the Gods why not. The answer came: She fell in love with a guy named KALAIko. Life was artful again! Now u know one of the minimum criteria i would impose for my to be wife. Okay, now to the subject..) The first cruch(fc). It will always remain in ur minds, doesnt it? Like a scar. Like a curse. Till the grave. I still remember her face and poise so well that i can close my eyes anytime and her delectable face is recalled in seconds (nothing close to Hannibal Lecter). She often comes in my dreams(not those kind of dreams) wearing the same smile and the same perfume, and i go crazy once again. If i had an guardian angel i would know how she would look like. I never told her anything abt my feelings because i was too shy and withdrawn. By God, how i regret that? Today morning, i had this dream. The Dream: I was back in my school. Kalaichelvi madam was teaching Physics like she always does. My school friends were also there sitting besides me. Even my current roommate, S.P.Bala was there: we were discussing a mathematical problem. I immediately realized that im dreaming. So i turned around to the see whether she is also present. Yes, yes, she was there.. as ever, as beautiful, as sweet. My heart was filled with a sense of euphoria even though i knew she isnt real. The teacher interupted and announced that she had corrected the Physics exam papers and she would like someone to distribute it. Kalai popped up and collected the papers from the teacher. She started handing out the papers, and when she came to me with my paper, i thought "She is more beautiful the closer she is to me". Then the teacher turned to me and said "you got the first mark". And i think she heard it as well for she had this distinguishably pleasant smile. After she finished with the papers she turned towards me and sat next to me (wishful thinking, i suppose). I was trying hard to see my exam papers while my heart beat was skipping and i broke into a sweat because she is near. She saw my paper and said "i got that problem wrong, can u explain how u solved that?". Even i dreams this was a rare oppurtunity. I grabbed. I was very excited and i wrote all the steps even the ones which i didnt bother to do in the exam. I didnt realise how animated i was getting while explain the things to her, but the teacher did. She came close to us and said "Why dont u two keep your romances outside the classroom?". As i was able to appreciate the teacher's subtle comment, when she went back to taking the class, i turned to kalai and said "May be we should give it a try. The romance i mean." Only after the words came out of mouth i realised how it might have sounded for her. She was stoned by the teacher's comments itself it seems. Mine petrified her. I dont know what to say now. I collected myself up and waited for the class to end without another word. After the class (it was the last class) everybody started to go out and i caught her outside in the corridor. She still refused to see me in the face. As i have never suggested my feelings to her before (even in my dreams) i wanted to find out what she thought abt this(or is it what i think she would think abt this, remember this is my dream still). A drop or two tears formed in her eyes as i muttered something like "sorry...". I went weak in the knees. She looked up and started "You.....only...." Thats when my roommate decided to increase the voulme of the TV. I woke up with a start and swore under my breath first thing in the morning(i havent done this until India lost to Australia in the world cup finals). Then after my thoughts returned, it struck me that i'll never find out what she thought abt me. It is a curse upon me. The mind can only think where the heart is willing to go. Im still not ready to hear her answer positive or negative. That is essentially the love i have for her. And one more decision was in order. The next time i see her in person(in reality) im going to tell her everything.

 A few days back Mathi talked abt those gory days of falling for the delectable curves...Just started a small trigger...will be writing on it more...but here's a song that fits to everybody who have fell in love with a woman noticed daily standing in the busstand, the next door project girl who walks by your place, some gal whom you regularly see at the cafeteria at lunch times...for whom you are prepared to do anything (or atleast you think so..) but they dont even know you exist in the same goddamn world they are in.. I dunno how many of you have heard this song...this is by goo goo dolls..But this is one hellova song for one-sided love...Its the OST of City of Angels, starring Cage and Meg Ryan...here you go... And I'd give up forever to touch you 'Cause I know that you feel me somehow You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be And I don't wanna go home right now And all I could taste is this moment And all I can breath is your life And sooner or later it's over I just don't wanna miss you tonight And I don't want the world to see me 'Cause I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am And you can't fight the tears that ain't comming Or the moment of truth in your lies When everything feels like the movies Yeah, you bleed just to know you're alive And I don't want the world to see me 'Cause I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am And I don't want the world to see me 'Cause I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am And I don't want the world to see me 'Cause I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am I just want you to know who I am I just want you to know who I am I just want you to know who I am

 I have reason to get inspired and work for next two months supposed to be the most interesting period in my two years of professional career..

 Be warned: Im not a natural reviewer/critic. Please excuse my un-professional naïve style below. It just some of my observation and not a review. If u havent seen the movie i wouldnt make much sense. Probably u would think im the official blurb writer for the movie. Dont stop there, watch the movie and come back here again. `Amelie`. I had no idea about the movie except i knew it was nominated for Oscars in the best foreigh film category. As my previous experience with an oscar nominated foreign film, "No man's land": is still fresh and won my hearts many times over (btw it won the Oscars also. Our `Lagaan`, same year nomination, was a joke compared to it), i had high hopes for Amelie as well. The first time i saw Amelie i missed more than an hour. Because of that i didnt understand most of the scenes. Amelie's father leaving for airport wasnt funny at all. The next door widow saying "...mountain climbers found proof that my husband loved me" didnt ring any bell. But the next time i saw it -from the start- for the same scenes and dialogues i went down on the grounds with laughter. Combined with a stupendous performance from the lead actress and an orthodox cameraman the director has performed a miracle. I called the cameraman orthodox because the experience of him shows and it always follow the narration like in the old movies. Im not saying there wasnt variety, mind you, it had every shot from the book. I have never seen so many close-ups in a single movie. Everytime a surprise is reveiled to the character or the viewer (which is a lot of time in Amelie) the camera does a close-up. The movement and the ken of the camera was a thing any cameraman would aspire for(cat disturbing the bead-blinds when Amelie is dreaming Neno coming into her house, Neno's hesitative motions: dipping his hand in the sugar.. at the cafe, Amelie melting after Neno leaves - the camera moved so well that i didnt even feel the movement). Not to mention the pan and the aperture - they were simply inspirng(Amelie throwing her pebbles collection into the pond in the evening time, the cafe scenes which are quite colorful). There are a few shots with strapped camera. And there were only two or three crane shots but still conventional(like Neno chasing someone and Amelie chasing Neno). All in all the cameraman get the oscar from me. Coming to the story: the story is all screenplay. No shot is longer than 45 seconds. Almost 50% of the scenes has only Amelie in it. This tells a few things. That the editor had to do quite a job compiling. The dialogues had to be crisp and no monologue can be allowed. And as i said before a scene wouldnt make sense unless u get the connection from the previous scenes(the garden gnome's tour and Amelie's father leaving for the airport is wisely and sparingly kept in the screenplay). Almost all the characters (more than 20 people) in the film are devoted an almost equal time & attention in the screenplay. The director `Jean-Pierre Jeunet` is a perfectionist. I am all praise for him. Every scene is very felt and then filmed. The artistry of him is overwhelming and it oozes in every shot. The visual representation is undenyable and has an upper hand and rather than the conversation between characters. You can understand whats happening even without the sub-titles since it is shown rather than told. The narrative way of telling a story is a risk since it needs a really resourceful script or a gripping story. Here it is the script itself that eliminted the risk totally. The narration had an extempore touch to it but it also provided mood. The entire movie reminds me of dominoes toppling show since the whole story is a huge collection of bits of trivial incidents (somehow attached to Amelie). It needs careful editing and scripting to make those bits interesting and engrossing. Full marks to the editor and the director for this. If i had to list the top scenes i would have to write the entire screenplay, so i would refrain. But some aspects i liked, i can list.. 1) Parfaite of emotions. 2) Cinemascope. Cinematography. (Every frame can pass for a greeting card) 3) Narrative style. 4) Camera tricks. (especially the black&white scenes, Amelie watching herself in the tv, the close-ups) 5) Leaves u with a sense of hope always. Never dismissive. 6) Joyfully sentimental. 7) Amelie's reactions. 8) Connectivity through scenes. 9) The album, especially the mystery man at the photo counters. Score: 10/10

 Any one interested in urlLink orkut and needs an invite let me know...

 Vienna waits for you By Billy Joel.. Slow down you crazy child You're so ambitious for a juvenile But then if you're so smart tell me why You are still so afraid? Where's the fire, what's the hurry about? You better cool it off before you burn it out You got so much to do and only So many hours in a day But you know that when the truth is told That you can get what you want Or you can just get old You're gonna kick off before you even get halfway through When will you realize...Vienna waits for you Slow down you're doing fine You can't be everything you want to be Before your time Although it's so romantic on the borderline tonight Too bad but it's the life you lead You're so ahead of yourself That you forgot what you need Though you can see when you're wrong You know you can't always see when you're right You got your passion you got your pride But don't you know only fools are satisfied? Dream on but don't imagine they'll all come true When will you realize Vienna waits for you Slow down you crazy child Take the phone off the hook and disappear for a while It's alright you can afford to lose a day or two When will you realize... Vienna waits for you. But you know that when the truth is told That you can get what you want Or you can just get old You're gonna kick off before you even get halfway through Why don't you realize...Vienna waits for you When will you realize...Vienna waits for you

 It was every sports afficianado's dream come true. And if you happen to fall in the category of movie buff, you would have been exhausted by the intake by the time you went to sleep this sunday. It all started with Singaravelan in Raj TV, ofcourse you have to multiplex that with the England - NewZealand cricket match. Simultaneously, after some time, you also have to include Harikrishanans from Asianet in the plan. Mohanlal and Mamooty were an ultimate combo wooing Juhi all the way down to the end of the movie. Watch out for the scene where Juhi spills the tea on Mamooty's lap. Followed by MohanLal's snicker to which Mamooty responds with an angry face. Juhi comes out and wipes out Mamooty's lap with her bare hands. Then you should watch that erotic expression(with the oohs and aahs) in Mamooty's face to piss off MohanLal. Humor can't get better than this. And when MohanLal takes the tea cup and spills it on his lap, it really does get better. Worse, the following scenes evoke more rip roaring laughter. If you dont understand Malayalam, probably this would be the scene that would stand out. But, it was a race of a different kind in Magney Cours. Alonso keeping Schumacher at bay for nearly 30 laps. Still more exciting was the tussle between the trio Button,Barichello and Trulli for the last podium position. It went all the way down the wire before Barichello pulled off a miracle on the second last turn before the finish line to leave Trulli despondent. While you would be multiplexing between these two, Federer and Roddick start to slam. Ofcourse, you cant be impartial, so you also include them in the plan. Roddick's start can't be better. Slams four aces to win the first game. Ofcourse, only after this would you get some breathers 'cause by the time Harikrishanans and the GP finishes. After seeing Federer lift the cup, you had to run all the way to channel # 44 to watch Amelie. You can watch the movie any number of times. A great proof of how artistic French can get. Watch out for the scene, where Amelie melts when Nino walks out of the cafe. Also, the dangling pointer in the brain which got initialised when Smitha wrote about me getting kidnapped and becoming a mujahideen would finally get the memory address. What a way to uncover Smitha's plagiarism!!!! By the time you watch Amelie and Nino ride in the moped, you'd have had to get mentally prepared for the last ride of the night. So, if you are an underdog supporter, you'd be thouroughly satisfied when you go to sleep, replaying Charisteas' header again and agin in you head. Ofcourse, the only thing that can spoil your sleep is the thought getting caught in the vicious circle of office and project releases and issues the next day. Otherwise, it was really a super sunday.

 Greece!! Greece!! went the world y'day. Yep, a golden page was added to the footballing gaint, Greece's history. Sorry, no more comments. Im suffering from severe digestion problem from y'day night... cant figure the reason out. Say `TROY` last week. Had to go on a weekday to get the tickets: very crowded these Multiplex gets on weekends. By the skin of the teeth managed to get the tickets and in we(me+2friends) pushed to enjoy the movie. And enjoy we did. It is a film that provides food for every type of person there is. That is to say it has all the ingredients to it. Action(a lot of it), romance(not as much as many would have expected), comedy(royal humor is always a way in historical movies), heroism(the entire movie is based on it), unexpected twists(u would expect Menelaus to hang around till the end of war...think again), director's touch(handled the protagonist Achilles's relationship with his cousin Patroclus as platonic as possible) and many other things.. The screenplay is not straight out of Illiad. The writers had a go at it. The eight years war was shrunk to a few days and justice was done i would say, sparing the viewer's a bloodbath. Homer in Illiad would have had more to say about the love of Paris and Helen. But apprently the director's hurry shows when in both Paris and Helen's introduction scene there were caught deep in adultery. Add a bit of humor to the scene and the viewer is engrossed. And hints of humor is placed sparingly in the movie for sake of variety, but not amateurish as to reveal this to the viewer. Achilles (Brad Pitt) carries a impressive person in every shot. Be it when he says "..it's immortality.. take it.. its yours" or when he is duelling with Hektor in a fight to death. Hektor, sometimes i felt that Eric Bana should have been cast as Achilles. But at the end of the movie when all is done and said, i changed my opinion. The casting was perfect. The heroism and protaganism of Achilles side-tracks the love story and other things. I havent read Illiad, but i feel if the movie could have been easily made into two parts. 1) Love: Paris and Helen 2) The war: Achilles and Hektor But i have to agree that both of them would have failed miserably at the box-office. Thats what Wolfgang Peterson and David Benioff could do to a movie. Score: 9/10 -Smitha

 urlLink Innovation by Indians. : condoms used for roads, roofs and sarees.

 Bala has long since planned to get his own DVD collection. He hears about this place where you get DVDs for 180 bucks. Thinks might be a good try to start there. Visits the place in the pretext of seeing off his friend. Goes to the shopkeeper and asks for a DVD list. It looks like he wants to buy everything out there. But his small pockets would allow only two. So, after a lot of self debating, he goes for Amelie and Shawshank Redemption. Now he comes back home and plays Amelie. So far so good. Plays Shawshank Redemption but the player says "No Disc". Bala is angry now. He goes to the shokeeper in a maddening traffic. Breaks his rear view mirror of teh bike in the process and asks the shopkeeper for exchange. The shopkeeper plays the DVD and it works. Bala can't believe his eyes. Comes back to his house and plays it. Surprise, it doesn't play. He becomes like a madman trying out the DVD in all the players. But no player would play it except the one kept in that small shop. Bala is reformed. He says "Yes, sir. Absolutely. I've learned my lesson. I can honestly say I'm a changed man. I'm no longer a fool in the society. That's the God's honest truth. No doubt about it."

 Honestly guys..I'd like to post more articles because this is one blog that reveals my more humane side rather than the mask of famous writer that I have to wear. I can already see some disgusted faces. OK..now the fact is I have to write two more blogs that sorts of leaves a meagre amount for this one. I had thought of writing an article about Times of India on this blog but then decided to put it as a Tamil version. Because thats the blog thats yielding me a lot of readership cos thats listed on the tamil bloggers list as newcomers. Being listed in the newcomers is like joining as a fresher. Everywhere you go you are noticed. Everybody asks about you. You are the superstar before the axe falls shortly. So I thought if I post more I run the chance of more hits and regular readers. Well, things backfire. If I had kept silent, I think more peple would have revisited. But then fools cant keep silent. Now what am I writing?? I'm really sorry for the reader who has read till this word. I really apologise. I can't believe you are so idle. Yeah, now for the big news. I'm going on a vacation. where else but my dream destination and dreamland!!!! Kerala.... The Plan goes like this...Tirunelveli -> Kuttralam -> Trivandrum -> Alapuzha -> Ambalapuzha -> Cochin -> Guruvayoor -> Palaghat(Hopefully from here on..) -> Coimbatore -> Bangalore. So, I'm off for one week. Hopefully planning to meet you guys back with my views on Malayala Panorama. Meet you guys again should I survive the trip.

 Im back! But a pact is in the agenda. U see, im preparing, in many's views, for one of the toughest exams in the world. MEOW(3). So expect a post per week, max. Saw `Catwoman` promos. I love Halle Barrey. But I like Michelle Pfiffer better. For quite sometime i was not able to tell the difference between Gwyneth Paltrow & her. The same happened with Deepti Bhatnagar & Sonali Bendre(I think this is common atleast). But im wiser(definitely) and older(22 years and 11 months of it) now and capable of remembering faces like the back of my palm. That reminds me, im still due one post. The return journey i did from Trichy to Pune on 18th last month. Well, as i urlLink already told u guys, the Gods have this thing against me. Now i try to remember what happened during the flight. I realized, I've a very bad memory. But then again, i can recognize all the five airhostess if i see them anytime, anywhere in my life. The other thing i remember was the take-off and landing. 3 to 5 Gs the plane reached during those times. About the plane itself, a Boeing 737, a congested KPN airbus with 3 seats on either side of the aisle is what it is. Nothing great. Greatness was the stewardess. There was a rookie in the lot and my fellow hot-blooded passenger tried to flirt with her. Boy what nerve this guys have...I just asked for more water...very politely. And to top it all, Star Movies showed `View from the top` that evening. All in all, it was one of those rare journeys i did without any embarrasing moments.

 (True incident that happened during the riots in b'lore over cavery water. I know i promised u guys a short story with characters and all... but forgive me i can only manage a monologue here.) I passed out of college in May, 2002. I was offered a job in a good(`paying` is silent) company through the wonderful thing called `Campus selection`. But nobody told me that they could defer my joining by eight months. They did. Believe me when i say those were the longest eight months of my life. Star Movies ad HBO gave me company through those lean times at home, Trichy. After some time i had to get off that couch, since it was developing a huge dent because of all the lying around. I went to Bangalore where most of my friends(already joined their companies) and two of my cousins lived. I fell in love with the city the moment i disembarked(they have females for bus conductors!). And the daily walk through MG and Brigade road were the best i have done. We would give each girl a score in the Aish-scale (Aish being 100). It was like trying to sort an almost ascending array that is infinitely long. I even managed to get a full-time job in Mangalore for a meager pay. And i would visit my friends in b'lore every other weekend as they were the closest. One weekend when i was over in b'lore...the still standing Cauvery water issue rose to its zenith in years. With farmers from both states commiting suicide, the tamil film industry getting involoved, buses burnt and all the political stunts it was indeed an acme. The problem is that Karnataka would send the alloted water across the border. TN retorted or rather the stunt parties suggested that Karnataka who are marginally dependant on the electric power from the dams of TN should be given the finger. Im sure it added fuel. There was a sort of mild-curfew in tamils predominant areas of b'lore. It was nothing like in the Mani Ratham movies, where a mob would walk around with assorted varieties of spears and spades. Since nobody was allowed to come outside and even if they did there should never be more than three persons standing together for more than a minute, it was quite calm, nevertheless tense. The situation was under control simply because it never went out of control. Although Mysore and the related areas still showed hostility towards their tamil neighbours b'lore was still unmenacing. My mom got panicky and called me to ask me to rush home immediately. I assured her that there is little trouble and im not coming home and i have to go to work on monday to M'lore. The Majestic. Sunday night. Cool air. Shoulder bag and water bottle. I cant read kannada, but i was never not able to find a Mangalore bus from Bangalore. I inquired the condutor standing infront of such a bus whose starting and destination point's words differed only by the first letter, "when does the bus depart to m'lore?". The conductor told me it would do so in fifteen minutes. He was a 45-years-uncle-next-door sort of guy complete with a beer belly, thick glasses and gutka. I gave him Rs.500 and asked for a ticket to m'lore. ...click... The entire area went black. Power-cut. The conductor was actually entertaining a small group and the power-cut made to change their point of discussion to the cauvery issue. The conductor seemed eager to join the conversation. As he gave me the ticket and the change and went back to it. As i was mildly interested in the topic i stood there and tried to decipher the kannada. Im was not good at that. But i know profanity when i hear one. The carefully thought out blasphemy were directed at the Tamils who by their view are directly responsible for this power-cut. The conductor was the most heated one. I had a feeling that he called out to the entire Kannada community to unite against the dark force that is Tamilnadu. He even used some tamil swear-words. Being an orthodox Tamil i couldnt take it anymore. I walked away and saw the ticket read Seat#35("Penultimate row, God! My spine!"). I went into the bus and depositted my overnight bag in the luggage slot over the seats. I came outside again to light a cigerette. In the light i checked the change the conductor gave me. There was a Rs.500/- bill in the change. He must have thought it was a 100. It would be very simple to just ignore the mistake and walk away a few hundreds richer not to mention the free bus ride. But my upbringing would never allow that. I promptly went back to the conductor to inform him of the mistake. He was still engaged in the same conversation if not with more might. I interpretted him right in the middle of "..all tamils are arrogant bast.." and told him "U gave me a 500 instead of a 100." in Tamil.

 The Impossible Dream To dream the impossible dream, to fight the unbeatable foe, to bear with unbearable sorrow, to run where the brave dare not go... To right the unrightable wrong, to love pure and chaste from afar, to try when your arms are too weary to reach the unreachable star! This is my quest — to follow that star no matter how hopeless, no matter how far — To fight for the right without question or pause, to be willing to march into hell for a heavenly cause! And I know if I'll only be true to this glorious quest that my heart will be peaceful and calm when I'm laid to my rest. And the world will be better for this that one man, scorned and covered with scars, still strove with his last ounce of courage To reach the unreachable stars!

 oops! Some[mele mein bichda hua bhai]one's castled the earlier ' urlLink raulito ' tagname on blogspot. So we have a dangling reference on our hands... :)) Have you seen the movie 'Oscar' starring Sylvestor Stallone? Its a total riot :D

 There is a time in life When you stop existing and you start living There is a time in life When you are given a new chance and new dreams There is a time in life When the old is to be forgotten and the new embraced There is a time in life and that time is NOW

 Operational Insights on Cron. Cron is a very handy and very easy to manage utility(shall I dare call it a utility?). We can manage complex task scheduling by a single line entry in the crontab file. But there are some nuances which we have to note. Very interesting ones. Here goes: I created the following cron entry for one of my poller jobs. 00 0-23 * * * /RAPproj/ConsApps/smsapps/nse/poller/nseTimer.sh To exactly understand this entry, start reading from the begining: 00 : Minutes 0-23 : Hours * : Day of Month * : Month of Year * : Day of Week This will run my following shellscript: /RAPproj/ConsApps/smsapps/nse/poller/nseTimer.sh whenever the minute figure becomes 00; for hours 0-23; for all days; for all years. In effect run my shellscript at every hour. Now take a look at my script nseTimer.sh: rrr=`ps -aef | grep nseTimer | grep "java" | awk '{ print " "$2" " }'` kill -9 $rrr CLASSPATH=j2ee.jar:classes12.jar:ftp.jar:.:/RAPproj/ConsApps/smsapps/nse/poller/ export CLASSPATH nohup java nseTimer & OK to cut the crap for every line above read the description: #Find whether already a process by name nseTimer is running. #If yes Kill it. #Do the classpath settings. #export classpath (I donno what that means but we have to do it anyways) #Start the nseTimer timer class. Now every things fine. When I run this shell script from the directory /RAPproj/ConsApps/smsapps/nse/poller (where it actualy resides) everything works perfect. It finds already running process nseTimer; kills it; and then restarts the same process. But when I make that cron entry run this shell script, what happens is this: 1.It finds the already running script by the same name. 2.Kills it. 3.Then does nothing(It is supposed to restart the process). Well guys...I must admit that I invested 2 long days here just trying to figure this out. And the correction is this new script: rrr=`ps -aef | grep nseTimer | grep "java" | awk '{ print " "$2" " }'` kill -9 $rrr cd /RAPproj/ConsApps/smsapps/nse/poller CLASSPATH=j2ee.jar:classes12.jar:ftp.jar:.:/RAPproj/ConsApps/smsapps/nse/poller/ export CLASSPATH nohup java nseTimer & Notice the third line here: cd /RAPproj/ConsApps/smsapps/nse/poller This is the directory where my script was residing. Now to summarise this whole story up, I told the cron that where is my shell script (remember the cron entry?) 00 0-23 * * * /RAPproj/ConsApps/smsapps/nse/poller/nseTimer.sh So I thought that now cron will do its job. It will run the script which will find the nseTimer class and then fire that class(which is in the same directory as the script). But then the script looks for the class file in the current directory. And the current directory here is not the one in which the script is. But it is the one in which cron resides. So it looks for nseTimer in the directory where cron is and not in /RAPproj/ConsApps/smsapps/nse/poller/ Thats why that line: cd /RAPproj/ConsApps/smsapps/nse/poller saved the day DUH!! now you guys will say what the heck .... for this small intuitive stuff you have written this huge story !!!! But believe me guys.....come to think of it. Now that I have told you this, it sounds intuitive. But if you stand in isolation, its not that intuitive too. Well ... to be honest not for me.... :-D May be my intuition is not that strong. Heheheh And for those of you who are still reading..... whats your name?? we can be good friends you know !! :-) :-) you can go thru the grind of my hopeless blabber. :-) take care

 urlLink Code Kata . The blog of Dave Thomas (of Pragmatic Programmer fame) has some excellent 'practice sessions' for practising your coding. What he says makes absolute sense. Every other profession requires practise, practise and more practise. Except programming it seems. No wonder then that the quality of most code is extremely poor. Hey are you still reading this ? Start practising. How do you get to be a great musician? It helps to know the theory, and to understand the mechanics of your instrument. It helps to have talent. But ultimately, greatness comes practicing; applying the theory over and over again, using feedback to get better every time. How do you get to be an All-Star sports person? Obviously fitness and talent help. But the great athletes spend hours and hours every day, practicing. But in the software industry we take developers trained in the theory and throw them straight in to the deep-end, working on a project. In software we do our practicing on the job, and that’s why we make mistakes on the job. We need to find ways of splitting the practice from the profession. We need practice sessions.

 :)) - To our sweethearts and wives. May they never meet. -- 19th century toast

 404 page error urlLink _In Style_

 Would it not be wise for me to remain at a distance from these ideas until I understand them better? There was once a man who declared he would not enter the water until he had learned how to swim. - urlLink Vernon Howard

 urlLink FreeNet and its urlLink FAQ ...

 Yeah, something I had been wondering about: What I would like to know is what these statements would be called: 1) There are always exceptions. 2) Never say never. ?

 Was forced ........ :D (lazy me) to learn a bit of cron (the Solaris Scheduler) today. urlLink Here is a reference for the hungry minds.

 Search Technology provided by Google [!!!] ...at the urlLink bottom of the Yahoo! Search results page? err... That was unexpected...

 A centipede was happy quite until a toad in fun said, "Pray which leg goes after which?" Which worked his mind to such a pitch, he lay distracted in a ditch Considering how to run.

 The Zen of Python A Conversation with Bruce Eckel Part 2 of the interview is now up, its right urlLink here Python would make an even better first language to teach programming. It's such a gentle learning curve. You can start with scripts, and of course some people dismiss Python as a scripting language, because you can script with it. You start teaching scripts. You can teach functions. Then later you can add classes. Then you can go onto things like metaclasses. Python has many more of these powerful constructs that you can learn when you're ready. And I think that's very impressive, because it doesn't say you should only be an object-oriented programmer.

 [profanity warning] urlLink www.bitchmakemeasandwich.com

 Had already posted this before, but for those who missed it: urlLink The mind of God ? :) and its urlLink home page . And while you're there: TIME Magazine's urlLink 2002 and urlLink 2001 Best Inventions

 He was going to be all that a mortal could be... &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;tomorrow. None should be stronger or braver than he... &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;tomorrow. A friend who was troubled and weary he knew, Who'd be glad of a lift and who needed it, too, On him he would call to see what he could do... &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;tomorrow. Each morning he'd stack up the letters he'd write... &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;tomorrow. And he thought of the friends he would fill with delight... &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;tomorrow. It was too bad indeed; he was busy each day, And hadn't a minute to stop on his way; 'More time I'll give to others,' he'd say... &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;'tomorrow.' The greatest of workers this man would have been... &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;tomorrow. The world would have known him, had he ever seen... &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;tomorrow. But the fact is he died, and faded from view, And all that he left here when living was through Was a mountain of things he intended to do... &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;tomorrow.

 :)) - The nice thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from: Andrew S. Tanenbaum

 A very very impressive quote by Dheerubhai Ambani I see written on one of those green-blue boards(those are the colors of the Reliance Info logo) in the DAKC (Dheerubhai Ambani Knowledge City) "We should not give less importance to the seemingly smaller tasks at hand. We should do them with equal effort and focus. Cos every time we conquer such small task, we become more refined and get mor confident about solving the bigger and more complex problems." Look at this quote in light of this discussion I had with one of the newly recruited Deployment Engineer at Reliance Infocom. He was not interested in doing the job at hand (application deployment) cos he said that its a trivial and small task. And he supposedly wanted to do a bigger and more complex job of J2EE related software development. And this guy who wanted to do "bigger" jobs screwed my app (a very simple serverside web app with no J2EE components) while he was deploying it. He took 1 full day to deploy my app cos he actualy screwed up the server itself while deployment (Websphere provides a complex GUI for deployment of apps, which in itself is a menace to manage; and when the GUI did not respond for some time, he started clicking his way to glory....he was litrally clicking every thing on the screen......the server died as a result) So I was wondering that even I ...rather every one of us at one point or the other have wanted to do 'bigger' jobs while we are still an amatuer doing the things which are small but add up to be that one big job. Hope the above stuff made sense.... :)

 Hey Guys !! At last I got this much awaited invitation from raul to join this blog. Well here I am to offer my services to this community. To start on: For those who thought Reliance is offering the cheapest WLL in the country. Hold on and behold: Make way for the TATAS :-) . Picture this: "Tata Teleservices Limited (TTSL) announced an offer which enables customers to own a mobile phone and a connection for the lowest entry cost in the market at Rs 999." More on : urlLink http://www.business-standard.com/today/story.asp?Menu=23&story=16515

 Oh, my poor little urlLink brain ! Interesting article, courtesy the IISc turkey :) and I just changed my nick here to 'Perfekt'. Was earlier dhaGrateVun and later dhaKomedyOfLyf for a short time, but I like Perfektion, so I'll be keeping this one! :D FYI...

 You like urlLink adventure sports ?

 Welcome to the new home on 'hatke'! :)

 ConTAMporary humour! urlLink http://www.image-in-asian.com/ramesh_m And remember, he who has the last laugh got it late...

 Very very interesting: urlLink Microsoft Aims At Google , and urlLink MSNbot -- hmm... I've beem more or less sure of this myself. Havent studied it properly though: urlLink Intrusion Detection Systems a Market Failure But to be fair, there are exceptions, so we'll put up the rest of the voices: (Grefer): Distributed IDS with all their sensors can provide a wealth of information not readily available from the intrusion prevention systems he is touting. The audit function of an IDS should not be eliminated from an information security in depth strategy without spending considerable thought on the ramifications of such a decision. [I agree] (Schultz): The Gartner Group has done it again--made yet another wild prediction from its "ivy tower" in the complete absence of hands-on experience or having to live with the consequences of its prescriptions. Part of what Gartner has said, namely that intrusion detection involves a high financial cost, is true, but writing off intrusion detection altogether, as Gartner has done, is completely irresponsible. [Just a polar point of view, lets keep it in mind] (Ranum): In private communications with Stiennon (the Gartner analyst), he offered the shocking fact that - for all that they are hyping IPS - the team at Gartner "doesn't know anyone who is using an IPS in inline mode." That runs utterly contrary to the perception they are trying to create that IPS is the "wave of the future" It just shows that P.T. Barnum underestimated severely when he made his famous assessment of Gartner's customer base. "There's a Gartner Customer born every minute." [Ditto] (Northcutt): HYPE ALERT, they aren't actually saying ditch IDS, they are really saying use a firewall with IDS capability instead, the so called intrusion protection approach. This is an ancient discussion; is an all in one plastic stereo like the one you had in your college dorm room better than a carefully selected set of devices. It comes down to the level of investment an organization wants to make, is the increase in quality worth the price from an organization's perspective? Since well over 50% of most organization's value is intellectual property, the answer is probably a resounding yes; it is worth having monitoring systems and people trained to analyze what they detect. An intrusion detection system with trained analysts provides a means of seeing the attacks and adjusting your defenses. IPS does not. [I agree] Here's what other people say about the value of IDS: Arrigo Trizulli - Phd. & IDS Designer, Geneva The reason IDS has been ineffective is that it has been badly deployed and nobody bothered to train the analysts. An initial, guaranteed, road to failure in any security model is to deploy monitoring systems and then never look at the screens. Then you can complete the failure by mis-configuring the monitoring systems: CCTV cameras pointing at the sky have rarely caught burglars coming through the front door. [Absolutely true, the best for last :)]

 urlLink What makes a weblog a weblog? Why bother posting it? The politically correct answer would be 'because we're in the business'. The correct answer though is 'because it made me laugh' :) -- Question: You seem pretty thick-skinned and even-keeled. Do you ever doubt yourself? Answer: Not really. :)) You know his book? urlLink Just For Fun: The Story of an Accidental Revolutionary . All bow to the urlLink Linux God :) And some latest news about him is urlLink this ... -- Some cool urlLink photos . The background info is urlLink here . -- You want reality? You get urlLink REALITY ! Now suddenly probably no one wants reality :)) -- Very very impressive. I think urlLink he 's worth keeping track of...

 International versions of Google News available in: Australia - Canada - urlLink India - New Zealand - U.K. - U.S. hehe :) I like that...

 This is why I hate forced exceptions Well, what a coincidence. Just talking about forced exceptions a few hours ago, and it comes down and bites me minutes later. Java has forced exceptions, so if a method throws an exception, it has to either be handled or rethrown. While this is generally a good idea, the extra syntax of java makes this a real pain if you decide not to handle the exception after all. So I have this program that calls various methods many many times, and once in a while the methods throw (expected) exceptions depending upon the state of the program. When certain exceptions are caught, a stacktrace is printed out on the screen, along with a timestamp and certain state variables. The program is then run, and all output redirected into a file. The file is then examined to see what exceptions were thrown and the state at that time. So I had a bunch of methods like so - public void myMethod1() { try { blahblah.method(); } catch (Exception1 e) { e.printStackTrace(); } catch (Exception2 e) { ... } ... { } catch (ExceptionN e) { e.printStackTrace(); } } When I mean a bunch, I mean a big bunch, around 250 methods, maybe more. And there is a calling method - public void callingMethod() { Determine which method to call (say myMethodX) myMethodX(); } After running this, we found too many exceptions being thrown around to read the file properly, so a change of design was in order - put the output of different exceptions in different files. Unfortunately, this meant either pass the file objects upstream so that the method could write into it when an exception occured, or to propogate the exception down to callingMethod, so we decided to go with the latter. Now we had to remove all try-catch blocks from every myMethodX and also declare that they throw Exception1, Exception5,... whichever exceptions they throw, and then catch these in callingMethod and write it to the appropriate place. Removing try-catch blocks is easy - a simple vim macro will do it. But declaring what exceptions are thrown must be done manually -- which means running through every one of those 250+ methods and declaring the exceptions that might be thrown. If this was Python, removing the try-catch would have been enough; the exceptions would automatically pass through to the calling method without the need for any more changes. This is where the verbose syntax of Java makes me go absolutely nuts. In order to effect a small design change like passing exceptions on to the calling method, I have to go and modify hundreds of lines of code. Is this what programmer efficiency is all about ? Does this verbose syntax actually help in producing better code ? I should think not. I am irritated. The prospect of going through every method, figuring out which exceptions might be thrown and then declaring those exceptions does not excite me at all. It is pure drudgework -- just to get the bloody thing to compile. I've learnt my lesson. Java is utterly inflexible to design changes, even minor ones. Everything must be planned down to the finest detail, or else you get screwed later. The design did not work out as well as you thought ? Tough luck, you now have a major uphill climb (in the form of manipulating syntax all over the place) for your minor design change. This sucks.

 urlLink Paul Graham , the noted lisp hacker, recently gave the keynote address at PyCon 2003 (a Python convention). His keynote address, The Hundred Year Language, is available on his website - urlLink The Hundred Year Language As can be expected, he dwells mostly on lisp, but its interesting anyhow. I think that, like species, languages will form evolutionary trees, with dead-ends branching off all over. We can see this happening already. Cobol, for all its sometime popularity, does not seem to have any intellectual descendants. It is an evolutionary dead-end-- a Neanderthal language. I predict a similar fate for Java. People sometimes send me mail saying, "How can you say that Java won't turn out to be a successful language? It's already a successful language." And I admit that it is, if you measure success by shelf space taken up by books on it (particularly individual books on it), or by the number of undergrads who believe they have to learn it to get a job. When I say Java won't turn out to be a successful language, I mean something more specific: that Java will turn out to be an evolutionary dead-end, like Cobol.

 Hey, I'm K. and I'll be posting on this blog once in a while (but not too often), so look out for my posts.

 Hiyee! :) Back in business, lets begin... The page that made me want to post again: urlLink African Scam and a howler[:))] that you *dont want* to miss: urlLink Scary Signs ! njoi maadi :D

 Aamir Khan, Salman Khan and Vivek Oberoi die together in an accident and go to heaven. When they get there, St. Peter says, "We only have one rule here in heaven: Don't step on the ducks!" So they enter heaven, and sure enough, there are ducks all over the place. It is almost impossible not to step on a duck, and although they try their best to avoid them, Aamir accidentally steps on one. Along comes St. Peter with the ugliest woman he has ever seen. St. Peter chains them together and says, "Your punishment for stepping on a duck is to spend eternity chained to the ugly woman!" The next day, Vivek Uberoi steps accidentally on a duck, and along comes St. Peter, who doesn't miss a thing, and with him is another extemely ugly woman. He chains them together with the same admonishment as for the Aamir Khan. Salman has observed all this and not wanting to be chained for all eternity to an ugly woman, is very, VERY careful where he steps. He manages to go months without stepping on any ducks, but one day St. Peter comes up to him with the most gorgeous woman he has ever laid eyes on: a very tall, tan, curvaceous, sexy Aishwarya Rai. St. Peter chains them together without saying a word. Salman remarks, "I wonder what I did to deserve being chained to you for all of eternity?" She says, "I don't know about you, but I stepped on a duck!"

 A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep. Simple :)

 Seen this before? urlLink Microsoft's Newest Acquisition

 Photo galleries: - Andy Ho (dont miss) - Benson Goh &nbsp;(5 pages of 5 galleries each = 25, will take time) and one in particular, make that two &nbsp;or maybe three , njoi :)

 OMG!!! :)) and :)) again, Slashdot sig coming up! .liaj ot oG .ACMD eht detaloiv evah uoy ,ecnetnes siht no noitpyrcne eht gnikaerb yB There was another another one I had seen earlier: This sig umop apisdn. ;)

 The cheapest, fastest and the most reliable components of a computer system are those that aren't there. - Jon Bentley :))

 Cool? Ultracool!!! urlLink Wheelchair moves at the speed of thought

 Slashdot signatures: - I had a funny sig but a large corporation trademarked it and sued me into poverty. - To get something done, a committee should consist of no more than three persons, two of them absent. - When you don't have a leg to stand on, don't even get up.

 [Funny rating: HIGH!, also somewhat tech :)] urlLink Things you do NOT want your System Administrator to say

 [Funny rating: Medium] urlLink Internet Explorer for Linux :)

 So I'm making notes about things to resolve in my work as I go along: - Individual commands used for different databases - Individual files making the product - Directory extensions kis khushee mein? - Known b***** issues heh :) Been a long day, neeeeeeeeeeed a break, going, going, gone...

 Was just interesting to read this: urlLink Eight Myths About Multicultural Clients

 Convocation Address at the IIT Delhi, 2001 by Shri. N. R.Narayana Murthy, on The Indian of the 21st Century Dear graduating students, families, guests, faculty members, the Director, the Chairman and members of the Board of Governors: my felicitations to you on this happy occasion. I am thankful to the Chairman of the Governing Council and the Director for the honour of participating in this landmark event. My young friends: today, by your hard work and smartness, you have been certified as learned by the elders of this institution. For me, there is no greater joy than being with the young and the learned. I am reminded of a Sanskrit sloka that glorifies the educated person: Swagruhe poojyate jheshtha; swagraame poojyate prabhuhu; swadeshe poojyate raja; vidwan sarvatra poojyate (The eldest is respected in the house; the head-villager is respected in his own village; a king is respected in his own country; a learned person is respected everywhere). Graduation is a watershed event in one's life. On this important day, it is worthwhile to ponder over what the purpose of all these years of education has been, and how you can use your education to make a difference to society. Progress is based on dreams and requires change. Change requires learning. Education is about learning to learn. I recall the words of Eric Hoffer who said: In a time of drastic change, it is the learners who inherit the future. The learned usually find themselves equipped to live in a world that no longer exists. Indeed, we live in a world where change is everywhere and constant learning is essential. In today's world, natural resources or military strength do not determine the pace of a nation's progress. Education does. Education is about raising the confidence of an individual to think a worthy dream and to translate that dream to reality by high performance action. It is about opening up one's mind to accept new ideas, to evaluate them and to use them for progress. In a country where 28% of the youth is illiterate, you must be grateful to your parents, your teachers and your country for providing you with this instrument. It is appropriate that you think about a few important questions on this day. Has India made sufficient progress since independence? Can we be happy about this progress? Have we kept up with pace of progress in the rest of world? Have we achieved progress that is sustainable? Have we fulfilled the dreams of our founding fathers who wanted an India where every individual will be free and will be provided with wherewithal to rise to his / her fullest stature? Can we dream of an India where poverty, ill-health and ignorance will have vanished? To borrow the words of Rabindranath Tagore, an India where the mind is without fear and the head is held high; where knowledge is free. Dear students: the India where we - your fathers and mothers and I - started our careers is long gone. When India started its tryst with destiny, there was an enthusiasm for nation-building that lasted till the early 1960s. As you know, this dissipated into frustration by the 1970s. I was a die-hard socialist at that time - concerned about removing poverty. Among other things, the travails of creating and running a business put paid to all illusions I had about the merits of centralized planning. Importing a computer required the head of a corporation to make 20 to 25 trips to Delhi. A clerk in RBI would take five days to decide whether the MD of a software firm could travel abroad for a day! In those days, the successful Indian was one who had good contacts with the omnipotent Babudom. With the 1991 reforms, we secured a measure of freedom to make economic decisions within the corporation. Now, we could get down to the serious business of creating wealth and, consequently, creating a better society. The sense of enthusiasm was a marked contrast to the earlier years. In the decade gone by, several Indian companies have competed successfully with the best in the world. Indian professionals now command the highest respect across the globe. Rajat Gupta, Vinod Khosla and other alumni from your institute have gone on to mould and create institutions to be proud of. It is against this backdrop that you graduate into a time full of opportunities. Yet, are we there where our founding fathers wanted us to be? Over five decades of independence - what does our nation have to show for it? We have political freedom but not economic prosperity - the vast majority still do not have freedom from hunger, disease and illiteracy. Political freedom without economic prosperity is meaningless. With an adult literacy rate of 56.5% and with 35% of the population below the poverty line, the nation's social welfare efforts are an unqualified disaster. Even in technology, where India has made rapid advances, the country's progress is lopsided and disparate. India ranks 63 on the Technology Achievement Index in the Human Development Report 2001 compared to China's ranking of 45. This is despite Bangalore being ranked 11 among the 46 hubs of technological innovation across the world. It is our responsibility to raise India to the ranks of the developed nations. In a civilized society, every individual has to give back to the society, in some form or other, more than what he or she has received from it. That is how countries achieve progress. Every hardworking, sincere and honest citizen - teachers, politicians, bureaucrats, military personnel, professionals, administrative staff and janitors, just to name a few professions - has an important role in this undertaking. Nobody is too small for this task. However, the educated ones among us have benefited from the sacrifices of our less fortunate brethren and have a greater opportunity and a greater responsibility to contribute to society. If we have to eradicate poverty from this country, we need a new Indian mindset for the 21st century. Let me talk a little about the cardinal attributes of this mindset. First, we need high aspirations. Aspirations energise us to overcome limitations posed by the context. They engender and sustain hope, the main fuel for progress. They help us achieve miracles. Mahatma Gandhi's aspiration for an independent India is the main reason why you and I can live today as free people. In sum, aspirations build civilizations. Raise your aspirations high in whatever you do. Cynicism has no role in the task of building a nation - more so among you bright, learned youngsters. As Ralph Emerson said: I cannot forgive a scholar his homeless despondency. Cynicism takes away energy and enthusiasm, which we require in plenty if we have to realize our dreams. Confidence is extremely important for progress. Openness is a sign of self-confidence. Hence, the ability to accept, evaluate and adopt new ideas is what will separate the successful from the not-so-successful. We have to shun any thoughts and ideas that take us towards jingoism, chauvinism and parochialism. In these days of an interconnected global village, no nation desiring economic progress can isolate itself from the rest of the world. Several nations that did so in the fifties and sixties realized the futility of such isolation, reversed the trend successfully and benefited from the resultant openness. We, in India, in all our wisdom, carried this isolation for a couple of decades longer than these countries and suffered the inevitable consequences. It is time that we overcame the East India Company syndrome. Clearly, we have work towards adopting the best practices of nations that have achieved economic prosperity. Thanks to colonization of over a thousand years, our society is one where people are distrusted and oppressed. A society where the interest of the government is seen as more important than the interest of the people; where the jobs of a few thousand people in public sector institutions are held more sacrosanct than the millions of consumers they are expected to serve; where an Indian multinational feels less trusted by its own government than by governments abroad; and where bureaucrats assume that they know more about running world-class technological institutions than the finest intellectuals in those organizations. Unfortunately, even after fifty years of independence, we have not overcome the legacy mindset of our erstwhile rulers who, ironically, have themselves changed rapidly in their own country. We have to understand that public sector interest is not public interest and that the interest of the government is not the same as the interest of the people. One demonstration of this understanding is the proactive removal of all monopolies for the government. Government monopolies all over the world invariably create asymmetry between the benefits to government officials and the people. It is difficult for me to understand why the government retains licensing in education while it has disbanded industrial licensing to a large extent. Over a period of ten to twenty years, the government should gradually get out of all activities other than defence, external affairs, home, macroeconomic policy-making, and regulation in all areas of commerce. Our elite continues to behave like people with brown skin and a white mask. I urge you to help in changing this mindset and in bringing about these transformations. Another bane of this thousand-year long enslavement is apathy. The main reason why India is still very backward is our unwillingness to take proactive action even when the solution to the problem is staring us in the face for a long time. A fatalist mentality conveniently blames reality and refuses to take responsibility for solving problems. Let us remember the words of Prophet Muhammad who said: God changeth not what is in a people until they change what is in themselves. My own interaction with people from all walks of life confirms this thesis. We have become a nation that is good in rhetoric but poor in action. Like our national cricket team that looks good on paper but consistently fails to deliver! We have to downplay rhetoric and focus on action. Ego, vanity and contempt for other people have clouded our minds for thousands of years and have impeded our progress. Humility is scarce in this country. Even Al Berouni, the famous Persian writer who visited India in the 11th century and met many Indian pundits, has remarked about this tendency. It is time we realize that India is at the bottom rung in economic prosperity, accept it, develop a healthy respect for people who are better than us, learn from them and work hard to improve our own economic status. No society that has shunned merit has succeeded in solving its problems. While reservation in admission to schools and financial assistance for economically weaker sections of society is desirable for a limited period of time, there are grave doubts whether economic backwardness should be determined by castes, as is done today in India. It is ironical that people see sustenance of backwardness as an instrument for progress rather than turning to hard work, smartness and honesty. Thus, we have become, perhaps, the only nation in the world where people fight to be called backward rather than forward! You have a responsibility to debate this issue and take appropriate action to create a climate of opinion where people aspire to economic progress the right way. We adopted an economic model where the government took on the responsibility to create and sustain jobs without any regard for efficiency and accountability. The result is underemployment, inefficiency, insubordination, demoralisation of the merited ones and value destruction in the economy. There have been, in recent times, some discussions on dismantling this model. However, it takes vision, courage and rapid action to perform this creative destruction. You are in a powerful position to encourage leaders who have taken on this task and to lend a hand in disseminating the positives of such an initiative to the masses. You, the cynosure of all eyes in the society, have a duty to lead by example in work ethic, honesty, following the rule of law and contract, and charity. In my opinion, the Indian professional, unlike his / her western counterpart, is rather poor in charity. Unless you can give back to your alma mater at least a small part of your life's earnings, it is difficult to strengthen these institutions for future generations. This is a mindset issue and not an economic issue. Further, the reputation of the Indian professional is very poor in living up to contractual obligations. In fact, a large number of the professionals who received financial assistance either from the government or from educational institutions for studies abroad have gone back on their repayment commitments in a manner that neither they nor their children can ever be proud of. One hundred percent compliance with contracts is the only way to help future generations benefit from initiatives to provide financial help to worthy and needy students. Let me finally close with yet another Sanskrit sloka that summarises all that I said today. Ahimsaa prathamam pushpam; pushpam indriya nigraham; sarvabhootha dayaa pushpam; kshamaa pushpam visheshathaha; shanthi, dhyaana, dhaana pushpa thathaivacha; sathyam ashtavidham pushpam; vishnum praseedham kareth (Non-violence, controlling the sensual desires, forbearance, forgiveness, peace, meditation, charity and truth are the eight kinds of flowers that pleases Lord Vishnu). Indeed, these attributes characterise the ideal Indian of the 21st century. You are the best among the best - the chosen few. You are in a unique position to change the course of India and perhaps even the world. I have no doubt at all that you will serve as role models for the 21st century Indian and will help the larger masses realize the power of such a mindset. This is the only way we can redeem the pledge of our founding fathers. Best wishes and God bless you all.

 Big-Endians and Little-Endians Anyone familiar with computer programming knows about urlLink Endianess . Not many know about how the term big-endian and little-endian came about. Both terms are taken from the book Gullivers Travels (more specifically Part 1 of the book). It refers to the section where Gulliver war between those that break an egg on the big end (and thus the name big-endians) and those that break an egg on the little end (little-endians). For more information - urlLink Text of the original post to comp.arch where the issue was first discussed (scroll down to the appendix) Other information - urlLink Full text of Gullivers Travels urlLink Some info on big-endianess

 Summer Holiday Lyrics Cliff Richard We're all going on a summer holiday no more working for a week or two. Fun and laughter on our summer holiday, no more worries for me or you, for a week or two. We're going where the sun shines brightly we're going where the sea is blue. we've all seen it on the movies, now let's see if it's true. Everybody has a summer holiday doin' things they always wanted to So we're going on a summer holiday, to make our dreams come true for me and you. for me and you. -- Well, the song sounds much better :) Anyways, been home and now back, just an update :)

 Fantastic urlLink point of discussion and urlLink discussion :)

 The man who made a mockery of the term 'disadvantage' Dream and Dare. Lifetime Achievement Award Acceptance speech by Dhirubhai H. Ambani Chairman, Reliance Industries Limited 'Honourable Finance Minister Yashwant Sinhaji, respected Dr. Kurien, chairman of the jury Shri Deepak Parekh, Shri Amitabh Bachchan, Shri Samir Jain and Ladies and Gentlemen, I would like to thank The Economic Times for this prestigious award. These days an award for a positive achievement is 'news' by itself. Coming from a leading newspaper it is a great honour indeed. A leader focuses on the positive and encourages it. And Economic Times, we know, is the leader.I would like to thank the jury and The Economic Times for bestowing this honour upon me. This award has been earned by the entire Reliance family. It consists of thousands of employees who work with total dedication. Managers who are 'owners' of operations under their charge. Business associates who share Reliance's commitment to customers and investors. And millions of investors who have unshakable faith in 'Reliance'. 'They are the pillars of my achievements. They are my family. I am proud of this family. With great humility I accept this award on their behalf. I accept the award as the son of a village school teacher from Gujarat. For me, this award has one simple message. For those who dare to dream, there is a whole world to win. Today, I would like to share this message with all young Indians: Dream and dare. My message is very simple: Let no one demoralize you. Do not allow any one to deter you. Pursue your goal, even in the face of difficulties. Convert difficulties into opportunities. Keep your morale high, inspite of setbacks. At the end, you are bound to succeed. 'Often friends ask me, Have I achieved all that I wanted? The simple reply is : No. There are many more miles to go. What has been achieved is history. I only believe in looking at the future. I still cherish several dreams: The dream of assured water supply for all our villages. The dream of a manifold increase in our agriculture output. The dream of connecting all our villages with the rest of the world. The dream of giving world-class education. The dream of providing millions of jobs. The dream of winning a war against diseases and malnutrition. The dream of employing the latest science and technology. All for the people of India. In short, I dream of India becoming a great economic super-power. Undoubtedly this dream has yet to become a reality. 'The question is : What should we do to realise this dream? First, we must know the problems. However, it is even more important to know the solutions. Let us acquire knowledge and then apply it. Knowledge is the key to greatness. Second, we must respect creators of wealth. Unfortunately, creators of wealth are ridiculed in our country. A farmer is dismissed as an 'illiterate'. Lip service is paid to him only because he is a voter. A worker is condemned as a troublemaker. Businessmen are labelled as crooks. Those who do not produce wealth discredit those who create Wealth. This attitude kills the productive spirit. A society, which condemns creators of wealth will always remain poor and miserable. Acquisition of knowledge and creation of wealth are part of our culture: That is why we worship Saraswati as well as Lakshmi.Third, we must learn to trust. For several centuries, Indians have been brainwashed to distrust other Indians. This saps national energy. Distrust kills initiative. Distrust compels people to maneuver and manipulate. Trust and transparency stimulates entrepreneurship. If India wants to be a great nation, we must have the courage to trust. This is my sincere belief. We must learn the difference between a mistake and a crime. We must have the wisdom to correct and encourage. Fourth, we must always go for the best. Do not compromise on quality. Reject if it is not the best not only the best in India, but globally. 'Friends, These principles have guided me in my life's journey from a village school boy in Gujarat to the metropolis of Mumbai via Aden.I have trusted people and they have put their trust in me. I have encouraged youth, and they have never let me down. I have asked my people to take initiative and to take risks. It has paid me rich dividends. I insist on excellence. This helps us to be leaders. Reliance is built on some of these principles. I sincerely believe that these are the principles that can help us to build a greater India. 'Ladies and Gentlemen, these are exciting times. Times of change and transition. We cannot afford to be complacent. These are times of big challenges. These are also times of great opportunities. Let us seize them. For this, we must change and discard old attitudes. We must forge a new partnership for a great India. A strong and constructive partnership between industry, government and society. We must learn to work together and reject the negative mindset. We can then prove to the world that India can do it. That Indians are not afraid of competition. That India is a nation of achievers. This is the legacy I would like to leave behind. Thank you. urlLink Dhirubhai Ambani (December 28, 1932 - July 6, 2002) It's been one long year...

 This one is from a song "Here I am" from Bryan Adams' one of the albums: Here i am , this is me , there is nowhere else on earth i rather be. Its a new world , its a new start , its a life with a beating of , young hearts , its a new day , its a new plan , i have been waiting for you... tata sachin

 Well this one is from the movie RockFord: Yaro dosti badi hi haseen hai Yeh na ho to kya fir bolo yeh zindagi hai tata sachin

 This makes sense: "Seven decades ago, machine-wise managers could embrace nearly any information technology, such as the mimeograph, with the faith that it would help them collect and disseminate information--the more information the better--and thus improve their businesses. Today machine-wise executives will not only know when and how to use the new tools technology brings them but also when to switch off their computers and take their own counsel." In my day to day work, dealing with n number of issues, I prefer using my notepad (the real one ... one with papers in it...not the windows one) to jot down things to do and other notes.......while I see many others use outlook notes and tasks utilities to do the same.....I personaly find them very counter-productive. But again this might not be the same with every one. Well the above lines (bold-italic) are written by urlLink Paul Suffo . Find more about this essay urlLink here . tata sachin

 Yet another Slashdot sig: ---"What did I say that sounded like 'Tell me about your day?'"--- :)) Let's add some more as the day goes on: - If a man with multiple personalities were to threaten suicide, would it be considered a hostage situation? - Mess with the best, die like the rest! [Not exactly a sig, but attitude is what counts, right? :D] - This is my SIG. There are many like it, but this one is mine. - Oh well, no point in steering now.

 Am I supposed to be proud of urlLink this ?

 Linux, linux, linux, linux, linux, urlLink linux!!! , urlLink linux?!! Oh well...

 Faced a peculiar problem.....here goes.... Working on a Unix System, Doing a "ps -aef" on the prompt returns all the running processes. Something Like this: UID PID PPID C STIME TTY TIME CMD ===================================== root 0 0 0 Jun 18 ? 0:01 sched root 1 0 0 Jun 18 ? 3:16 /etc/init - root 2 0 0 Jun 18 ? 0:01 pageout root 3 0 3 Jun 18 ? 2899:18 fsflush root 235 1 0 Jun 18 ? 0:01 /usr/lib/sendmail -bd -q15m root 182 1 0 Jun 18 ? 1:13 /usr/sbin/cron root 305 1 0 Jun 18 ? 0:00 /usr/lib/saf/sac -t 300 root 48 1 0 Jun 18 ? 0:00 /usr/lib/devfsadm/devfseventd root 3397 1 0 Aug 08 ? 331:30 /prud/portal/weblogicnew/jdk131_06/bin/../bin/sparc/native_threads/ja root 1553 1 0 Aug 08 ? 2177:00 /prud/portal/weblogicnew/jdk131_06/bin/../bin/sparc/native_threads/ja iuser 29300 1 0 Aug 26 ? 269:42 /prud/portal/weblogicnew/jdk131_06/bin/../bin/sparc/native_threads/ja Notice in the last 3 entries, the CMD ie the full command is not printed, a truncated line (till the maximum limit) is printed. I was searching for a way which will print the full command line and not the truncated one. Tried all the operators which were suggested in the man page for ps. Then after 4-5 hours of hunting on the net, I found this: The conventional ps is the one which lies in /bin There is another ps and that is in /usr/ucb/ Now the command /usr/ucb/ps -auxww returns the same stuff as above but with the complete (long listing) of the command line. Therefore the last line in the output of /bin/ps -aef becomes the following: USER PID %CPU %MEM SZ RSS TT S START TIME COMMAND ========================================================= iuser 29300 0.0 0.55384020296 ? S Aug 26 0:35 /prud/portal/weblogicnew/jdk131_06/bin/../bin/sparc/native_threads/java ScheduleTimer So now I can do a grep on the string "ScheduleTimer" to find out my process which I was not able to do earlier. Nice little stuff ... :) Later.

 Long time, no see :) First, an urlLink introduction to NetScan. Then, the urlLink home page . The results for urlLink microsoft.public.windowsxp.basics And then the results for urlLink a certain poster there. If Microsoft is capable of this, stop for a second to think about what Government agencies can do, hehe :)

 aah! I love these urlLink guys :)

 Hmm.... Adding on to the last post about SUN and Scott, I got some figures and statistics in urlLink this article. Well ..... I think if these figures are to be believed then there is something realy wrong with SUN. I would like to be as optimistic as Scott and others in this article....... I think this calls for a good discussion...... Later Sachin Sharma

 Why is everybody cursing Scott McNealy? Is urlLink this just a out-of-place article I found on the net or are these views gaining ground? Note the comments section of the above article. Later,

 During the second world war, the initial military successes of Japan in Hong Kong, Malaya, Singapore, Burma and the Philippines, resulted in thousands of POWs becoming available for slave labour. All these POWs were put to work on a very ambitious and very difficult (technically) railroad project called the urlLink Thai Burma Railroad . Following is a recount of the one of the POW who made it till the end of the war. I find a very very close similarity in today's software developers deployed on ambitious technical projects and those POWs. You carried a basket from the digging area to the top of the embankment, emptied it and down again to be filled for your next trip up the hill. Or you carried a stretcher - two bamboo poles pushed through an empty rice sack - one chap at each end, and off you went. Simple really. But in reality this job was far from easy. The slopes of the embankments consisted of loose earth, clambering to the top was a case of sliding and slithering with a weight of earth in attendance. This proved to be very tiring on thigh muscles and painful, often resulting in crippling cramp. You just had to stop, you could not move. Whenever this occurred the Japs were on you with their heavy sticks, and beat the living daylight out of you. Somehow you got going again, if only to escape the blows. Also, the soil alongside the track varied considerably, affecting the volume of earth an individual could move during a day. At the start of each day a Jap would decide the total volume of earth to be dug out that day. By the nature of things, some finished earlier than others. The volume the following day was fixed by the fastest time obtained the previous day, thereby increasing the total workload of the entire team. It was a truly 'no win situation'. If a team was running late, everyone worked on until the volume for that day was achieved. This meant that the Japs also had to stay behind. They relieved their anger and frustration by random beatings of POWs, sometimes resulting in serious injuries.

 So you think because you know urlLink Googling , you knew everything about search on the web? urlLink This guy does not think so.........nor does urlLink this one, urlLink this one and urlLink this one. And urlLink This guy thinks all of you who are somehow managing with that Lists of Search Results on plain HTML page are realy malnourished in information.

 The only design principle worth remembering:

 Ladies and gentlemen, Are you sure you hadnt thought of urlLink this ?

 Are you a programmer who relies too much on his/her luck ?? Donno ?? Well probably urlLink this can help you find out. : )

 And then God said: Let there be urlLink fireworks !

 Film: Kabhi Kabhi Music: Khayyam Lyrics: Sahir Ludhianavi Maein Pal Do Pal Ka Shaayar Hoon Pal Do Pal Meri Kahani Hai Pal Do Pal Meri Hasti Hai Pal Do Pal Meri Jawani Hai Mujhse Pehle Kitne Shaayar Aaye Aur Aakar Chale Gaye Kuch Aahein Bharkar Laut Gaye, Kuch Nagme Gaakar Chale Gaye Woh Bhi Ek Pal Ka Kissa Thhey Maein Bhi Ek Pal Ka Kissa Hoon Kal Tumse Juda Ho Jaoonga Woh Aaj Tumhara Hissa Hoon Maein Pal Do Pal Ka Shaayar Hoon Kal Aur Aayenge Nagmon Ki Khilti Kaliyan Chunnewale Mujhse Behtar Kehnewale, Tumse Behtar Sunnewale Kal Koi Mujhko Yaad Kare Kyon Koi Mujhko Yaad Kare Mashroof Zamana Mere Liye Kyon Waqt Apna Barbaad Kare Maein Pal Do Pal Ka Shaayar Hoon *Non-hindis: Effectively means - its a short life, its a long life, there've been plenty like me earlier and there will be plenty like me later...

 My urlLink KennyG strongest! :-D

 We're gonna hear a lot more of this, courtesy Reliance at least :-) urlLink Switch off your cell please, the court's in session!

 Windows brings out the Rorschach test in everyone urlLink Click here If you hunt around the web, you can find lots of other people who claim to have found subliminal messages in Windows 95. My favorite is the one who claims to have found images in the clouds bitmap. Hey, they're clouds. They're Nature's Rorschach Test.

 hmm... urlLink Caring for Your Introvert yup! :)

 11 Rules of Life by Bill Gates !! Bill Gates' recent speech at Mount Whitney High School in Visalia, California is worthwhile reading for anyone. Love him or hate him, he sure hit the nail on the head with this one. To anyone with kids of any age, and to all of us who were kids once, here is some advice Mr. Gates recently dished out at a speech to the Mount Whitney Student Assembly. He talked about how feel-good, and politically correct teachings created a generation of kids with no concept of reality, and how this method was setting them up for failure in the real world. He concluded by outlining the following 11 Rules: Rule 1: Life is not fair ... get used to it. Rule 2: The world won't care about your self-esteem. However, the world will expect you to accomplish something BEFORE you start feeling good about yourself. Rule 3: You will NOT make $40,000 a year right out of high school, and you won't be a vice-president with a car phone until you earn both. Rule 4: If you think your teacher is tough, wait until you get a boss. Rule 5: Flipping burgers at McDonalds should not be beneath your dignity. Your grandparents had a different word for burger flipping . . .. they called it OPPORTUNITY. Rule 6: If you mess up, it's not your parents' fault, so don't whine about your mistakes, learn from them. Rule 7: Before you were born, your parents weren't as boring as they are now. They got that way from paying your bills, cleaning your clothes and listening to you talk about how cool you are. So before you save the rain forest from the parasites of your parents' generation, try delousing the closet in your own bedroom. Rule 8: Your school may have done away with recognizing that there are winners and losers, but life has not. In some schools they have even abolished failing grades, and they'll give you as much time as you want to get the right answer on an exam. This doesn't bear the slightest resemblance to ANYTHING in real life. Rule 9: Life is not divided into semesters. You don't get summers off, and very few employers are interested in helping you find yourself. You are supposed to do that on your own time. Rule 10: Television is NOT real life. In real life people actually have to leave the coffee shop, and go out and find a job. Rule 11: Be nice to NERDS. Chances are you will end up working for one.

 Aaj Tak gets the news that 100 sardars are killed in a train accident at Amritsar station. Only one sardar's left alive. The correspondent goes to him and asks, Sardarji how did it happen? Sardar: oh ji pucho mat.. sab kuch sahi tha sab log platform par khade gaadi ki wait kar rahe they. Achanak announcement hui ki shatabdee express 2 no. platform par aa rahi hai. Jaise hi sab ne suna ki gaddi PLATFORM PAR aa rahi hai, sab log apni jaan bachane ke liye patri par kood gaye. Aur tabhi gaddi patri par aa gayi. Aaj tak: Thank god. Aap ne samajhdari dikhayee. Aap patri par nahin koode. Sardar: oe nahin ji main to suicide karne ke liye patri par hi leta tha. Jaise hi announcement hui main to platform par chad gaya.

 Sharon Lee Sharon Lee, Miss Photogenic & 2nd runner up at Miss Singapore 2001. Some photographs that I took recently - urlLink Sharon Lee

 Had gone to a military-maintained Gurudwara [in Hyd] the other day, fully expecting to make a flying return :D but no one seemed to mind, so looked around a long time, nice place :) Fundamentals of Sikhism: There is only one God. His Name is Truth. He is the Creator. He is without fear. He is without hate. He is beyond time. He is beyond birth and death. He is self-existent. He is realised by the Guru's grace. Quote: Almighty grant me this boon. May I be not afraid from doing noble deeds, be never afraid when on the battlefield, may steel the will and fight with determination to win. I like the fundas :) Go Sikhism!

 Theres this old lake behind the office that I walk around at times and it had gone totaaal dried over the summer, but the rain that whipped Bangalore over the last weekend has brought it back to almost half its initial size! w00tie! :-D

 Cheers to the urlLink LAMP ! :-)

 Neo: "I can't go back, can I?" Morpheus: "No, but if you could, would you really want to?"

 Aum! Asatoma Sadgamaya Tamasoma Jyothirgamaya Mrithyorma Amrithamgamaya Aum shanthi, shanthi, shanthihi! [Lead us] From the wrong path to the right From ignorance to knowledge From mortality to immortality. ..and in urlLink other urlLink news , urlLink Enigma urlLink Rocks ! :)

 Oh baby! You know what I like - urlLink REI :-)

 A HAPPY DIWALI message by a mail.- Pretty long wish ;) Aapko Is Diwali me... Chandragupt Ki Shakti Meerabai Ki Bhakti Rajchandra Ka Gyan Karan Ka Daan Einstein Ki Buddhi Nobel Prize Ki Siddhi Gandhi Ki Ahimsa India Ki Parampara Vajpayee Ki Maryada Nizaam Ki Sampada Michael Jordan Ki Salary Abdul Kalam Ki Vocabulary Bhagat Singh Ka Deshprem Sweetheart Ka Amarprem Microsoft Ke Share Rupiyo Ke Dher Tata Ke Senses Ambani Ke Licenses Birla Ka Bangla Daler Ka Bhangra Amitabh Ki Style Madhuri Ki Smile Shahrukh Ki Personality Aishwarya Ki Popularity Worldtour Ka Ticket Tendulkar Ka Wicket Administrator Ke Passwords Jokes Ke Forwards Mercedez Ki Car Diamond Ka Haar Aur Logon Ka Dher Saraa Pyar Prapt Ho... Wish you a Happy Diwali and a Prosperous New Year :-)

 urlLink Sun Microsystems

 Bush[isms] miyan ki jai ho! :) "If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure." "Republicans understand the importance of bondage between a mother and child." "Welcome to Mrs. Bush, and my fellow astronauts." "Mars is essentially in the same orbit...Mars is somewhat the same distance from the Sun, which is very important. We have seen pictures where there are canals, we believe, and water. If there is water, that means there is oxygen. If there is oxygen, that means we can breathe." "The Holocaust was an obscene period in our nation's history. I mean in this century's history. But we all lived in this century. I didn't live in this century." "I believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy -- but that could change." "One word sums up probably the responsibility of any Governor, and that one word is 'to be prepared'." "Verbosity leads to unclear, inarticulate things." "I have made good judgments in the past. I have made good judgments in the future." "The future will be better tomorrow." "We're going to have the best educated American people in the world." "People that are really very weird can get into sensitive positions and have a tremendous impact on history." "I stand by all the misstatements that I've made." "We have a firm commitment to NATO, we are a part of NATO. We have a firm commitment to Europe. We are a part of Europe." "Public speaking is very easy." "I am not part of the problem. I am a Republican." "A low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls." "When I have been asked who caused the riots and the killing in LA, my answer has been direct & simple: Who is to blame for the riots? The rioters are to blame. Who is to blame for the killings? The killers are to blame." "Illegitimacy is something we should talk about in terms of not having it." "We are ready for any unforeseen event that may or may not occur." "For NASA, space is still a high priority." "Quite frankly, teachers are the only profession that teach our children." "The American people would not want to know of any misquotes that George Bush may or may not make." "We're all capable of mistakes, but I do not care to enlighten you on the mistakes we may or may not have made." "It isn't pollution that's harming the environment. It's the impurities in our air and water that are doing it." "[It's] time for the human race to enter the solar system."

 Any of you remember when I made the first post that SquawkBox impresses me so much that I expect that they will make it paid soon enough? :) I rest my case: ------------------ Account : Basic Expires : 31 Mar '04 Note - to continue using your SquawkBox account after the expiry date, you must upgrade or renew your subscription to Squawkbox Pro. ------------------

 :)

 A nice article on Economist :-> urlLink Spread Betting

 I second the idea (regarding post below) :)

 :( I just want to cry

 There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.

 Interesting Reading: urlLink I can't believe I did that

 And that is a beauty :) [from urlLink Mountain Images ]

 1. Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result each time is the definition of insanity. 2. urlLink There are always exceptions

 Should the need arise, he can use his favourite line: urlLink I'll be back! :) Good guy, he is...

 :)) Read the article [maybe], and read the comments [definitely] urlLink http://www.metafilter.com/mefi/28762

 Project's going into release mode... Let the mayhem begin! :)

 Well, so long as its available...

 Earlier people used to go to some dense forest in the Himalayas to detach themselves from family, friends and all other relations. Now they join the Software Industry. - From a forward :)

 oooh la la laa :) Never saw this coming! urlLink Christmas for Amazon Could Mean Full-Year Profit

 One advantage of having so many voices inside my head that no matter what I'm doing, theres always one guy in a corner laughing his head off, irrespective of the needs of the situation... So I'm listening to a song, and this guy keeps going on... If you wanna be my lover... [you so need brain surgery] if you wanna be my lover... [you so SO need brain surgery] :))

 ET like Gems [ok, ok, M & Ms]. I like Gems :))

 hmm... Heard of the urlLink assassination urlLink attempt on the Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Nara Chandrababu Naidu? Pretty good attempt, to their credit, whoever it was. The damage caused to the car was pretty impressive. They made just one mistake :)) They couldnt kill the guy. Now thats definitely a problem, this.is.not.a.guy.you.half-kill. You guys like Israel? :)) This guys gonna do an 'Israel' right here in our backyard, keep watching :) I like the guy, in case you dint notice. This is a guy who finishes what he takes up. This ones gonna be fun to watch, pity if we dont get the full details of what follows...

 hehehe :))

 :)) again...

 :))

 "99 percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name." - Unknown

 "If everything is under control, you are going too slow." - Mario Andretti (1940-)

 "Do, or do not. There is no ‘try’." - Yoda, The Empire Strikes Back

 "For there is nothing either good or bad, thinking makes it so." - William Shakespeare (1564-1616), Hamlet, II.ii "I have no data yet. It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data. Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories instead of theories to suit facts." - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle (1859-1930), Sherlock Holmes "A problem well stated is a problem half solved." - Charles Franklin Kettering (1876-1958)

 Trying to establish voice contact ... please yell into keyboard. Hurewitz's Memory Principle: The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional to ..... to ........ uh .............. :)) :)) Arnold's Laws of Documentation: (1) If it should exist, it doesn't. (2) If it does exist, it's out of date. (3) Only documentation for useless programs transcends the first two laws. This one is too good......... :)) :)) :)) Every four seconds a woman has a baby. Our problem is to find this woman and stop her. Psychiatrists say that one out of four people are mentally ill. Check three friends. If they're OK, you're it. Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you. They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them. How many hardware engineers does it take to change a lightbulb? None: "We'll fix it in software." How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb? None: "We'll document it in the manual." How many tech writers does it take to change a lightbulb? None: "The user can work it out." Reporter (to Mahatma Gandhi): Mr Gandhi, what do you think of Western Civilization? Gandhi: I think it would be a good idea

 Some Quotable Quotes: 1.People in Hell, where do they tell people to go? 2.You laugh at me because I am different, I laugh at you because you are all the same. 3.Weather forecast for tonight: dark. 4.Three kinds of people, those who can count and those who can't. 5.Wait, I just remembered something! You're boring and my legs work 6.God created the earth and rested; then he created man and rested; then he created woman and no one has rested since. 7.The road to success is always under construction. And the best of all: 8.Something tells me they probably screwed up and named Murphy's Law after the wrong guy.

 Gee .............. !!! urlLink Blogging Anyone ??

 urlLink AntiVirus Anyone ??

 urlLink Fighting Worms of Mass Destruction - One of those never ending debates but yet interesting

 urlLink The Strategy of Technology

 hmm... urlLink Dave & Andy . Interesting...

 And whats on my my desktop urlLink now ?

 ~A Dream Pang~ I had withdrawn in forest, and my song Was swallowed up in leaves that blew away; And to the forest edge you came one day (this was my dream) and looked and pondered long, But did not enter, though the wish was strong: You shook your pensive head as who should say, "I dare not--too far in his footsteps stray-- He must seek me would he undo the wrong." Not far, but near, I stood and saw it all, Behind low boughs the trees let down outside; And the sweet pang it cost me not to call and tell you that I saw does still abide. But 'tis not true that thus I dwelt aloof, For the wood wakes, and you are here for proof. - Robert Frost

 Thought for Today by Andy Hunt It is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt ax. It is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead. -- Edsger Dijkstra How many blunt axes are piling up in the corner of your desk? Do many of them have some sort of coffee-related pun in the name? Perhaps a smaller, sharper tool would be more appropriate. I've got Ruby on my Sharp Zaurus, and it's a real kick to be able to write good code on the go. The small screen isn't an issue, because it doesn't take much Ruby code to do something interesting. Teams aren't immune from this effect, either. Ten inadequately skilled people can't get a project out the door no matter what wonderful IDE or process they use. But one sharp person can. At some point, corporations will realize this, and take action to retain only the best people, and let the others go. Maybe they have already started. If they have, then you need to make sure YOU are the one sharp person...

 Every generation cherishes illusions which baffle its successors (who passionately defend their own). - William Manchester

 Who gets to urlLink run the internet.

 tera chehra tera chehra hai aaeene jaisa tera chehra hai aaeene jaisa (your face is like a mirror) kyu na dekhoon hai dekhne jaisa kyu na dekhoon hai dekhne jaisa (why shouldnt I look, its worth looking) tera chehra hai aaeene jaisa (your face is like a mirror) tum kaho to mein pooch loon tumse tum kaho to mein pooch loon tumse (if you permit, shall I ask you a question) hai sawal ek poochne jaisa hai sawal ek poochne jaisa (there is a question worth asking) tera chehra hai aaeene jaisa (your face is like a mirror) dost mil jayenge kai lekin dost mil jayenge kai lekin (you can find many friends but) na milega koi mere jaisa na milega koi mere jaisa (you will find no one like me) tera chehra hai aaeene jaisa tera chehra hai aaeene jaisa (your face is like a mirror) --Payam Saeedi (from the album Aaeena, sung by Jagjit Singh)

 "there is no other way to reach heaven but to die" :)) Thanks Sachin...

 Sun Tzu Says: If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle. The Art of War (Sun Tzu)

 It is only one who is thoroughly acquainted with the evils of war that can thoroughly understand the profitable way of carrying it on. The Art of War (Sun Tzu) The above observation is very similar to the one I am coming to realise these days: A large part of being a good professional has got to do with your ability to know and understand how not to do things.

 All warfare is based on deception. The Art of War (Sun Tzu)

 Convince your enemy that he will gain very little by attacking you. This will diminish his anthusiasm. Even if you are very strong, never be ashamed to feign weakness; this will make your enemy act imprudently and attack too soon. In war, the key to victory is the ability to surprise one's opponent. The Art of War (Sun Tzu)

 The warrior of light sometimes behaves like water, flowing around the obstacles he encounters. The warrior of light sometimes behaves like water, flowing around the obstacles he encounters. Occaisionally, resisting might mean being destroyed, and so he adapts to the circumstances. He accepts without complains that the stones along the path hinder his way across the mountains. Therein lies the strength of water: it cannot be shattered by a hammer or wounded by a knife. The strongest sword in the world cannot scar its surface. The waters of a river adapt themselves to whatever route proves possible, but river never forgets its one objective: the sea. So fragile at its source, it gradually gathers the strength of the other rivers it encounters. And, after a certain point its power is absolute. The warrior of light cannot always choose his battle field The warrior of light cannot always choose his battlefield. Sometimes he is taken by surprise in the middle of battles not of his choosing, but there is no point in running away, those battles will merely follow him . - Paulo Coelho (Manual of the Warrior of Light)

 " urlLink Lead, Follow, or Get out of the way !" :)) Interesting...

 urlLink Smart mobs? Fuhgeddaboutit. Not till they hired me. Now they're getting a secure P2P bet-processing system. A mafia hacker tells his story to Wired.

 urlLink Because they raided our office. We found out that even under the British Raj, this had not happened.

 urlLink Religion & Economy..hmm interesting :)

 A nice article on the future of Programmers urlLink InformationWeek > IT Employment > The Programmer's Future > November 17, 2003

