 steven sent me this thing so i decided to fill it out and put it in my blog!! *******SIMPLE QUESTIONS******* 1. FULL NAME: Lori Sabina Piecyk 2.NICKNAMES: no 3. EYES: i'm not quite sure.....green, blue....greenish blue....blueish green 4. HEIGHT: 5' 5'' yay!! i'm a tall!!!! 5. HAIR: brown 6. SIBLINGS: steven 7. DO YOU LIKE TO SING IN THE SHOWER?: no, never 8. DO YOU LIKE TO SING IN THE TOILET?: no, never 9. BIRTHDATE: July 9th, 1989---i'm soo young!!! 10. SIGN: cancer!!! 11. ADDRESS: 1290 karyn ct. 12. SEX: secretly i'm a transexual...hehe, jk i'm a girl!! 13. RIGHTY OR LEFTY:righty 14. WHAT DO YOU WANT IN A RELATIONSHIP?: i want someone who will make me laugh, thats always the most important. 15. HAVE YOU EVER CHEATED?: no...but hank will say yes....lol 16. MARITAL STATUS: not going to answer that 17.DO YOU HAVE A CAR? only 14...cant drive......awwww 18. WHAT KINDA CAR YOU HAVE/WANT? VW beatle or a plymouth neon ******FAVORITE QUESTIONS******* 19. MOVIE: pirates of the carribean of course!!!! saw it 3 times!!!! 20. SONGS: there are so many....i like system of a down alot....even if all they do is yell in their songs.... 21.BAND/SINGER: i just told u that!!!! 22. TV SHOWS: that 70's show!!!! best show ever!!!! 23. ACTOR: johnny depp....only because hes an awesome pirate!!!! 24. ACTRESS: cant think of anyone 25. FOOD: bread!!! there are so many things you can do with it!!!! 26. NUMBER: 2...i dont know why 27. CARTOON: um stuff 28. DISNEY CHARACTER: well....pirates of the carribean is a disney movie....so i'll have to say captain jack sparrow!!!!!! 29. COLOR: black, red and blue *******LOVE LIFE ETC******* 30. DO YOU PLAN ON HAVING CHILDREN? yes 31. HOW MANY CHILDREN DO U WANT?: 2...i never want an only child because life sucks without a sibling 32. DO YOU WANT TO GET MARRIED?: obveously 33. HOW OLD DO YOU WANT TO BE WHEN YOU HAVE YOUR FIRST CHILD?: 26 or older 34. HOW OLD DO YOU WANNA BE WHEN YOU GET MARRIED?:23 maybe 35.WOULD YOU HAVE KIDS BEFORE MARRIAGE?: no! 36. DO YOU HAVE A BF/GF?: no 37. DO YOU HAVE A CRUSH?: yes...i have a lot *****EITHER-OR (PICK WHICH ONE YOU PREFER)********** 38. MUSIC/TV: music...definately music 39. GUYS/GIRLS: guys!!! 40. GREEN/BLUE: blue...so much prettier 41. PINK/PURPLE: purple....pink is such a girlie color 42. SUMMER/WINTER: winter= snowboarding fun!!!! 43. NIGHT/DAY: night.. its so much sexier 44. HANGIN OUT/CHILLIN: whats the difference? 45. DOPEY/FUNNY: funny *******ALL ABOUT YOU******* 46. WEIRD SAYING YOU HAVE: i dont have sayings... 47. WHAT SCHOOL DO YOU GO TO?: crown 48. HAVE YOU EVER TAKEN DRUGS?: drugs are bad 49. ARE YOU A VIRGIN?: yeah 50. HOW FAR WOULD YOU GO ON A FIRST DATE?: depends who the person is 51.HAS YOUR HEART EVER BEEN TRULY BROKEN:yeah...by hank! *****WHICH FRIEND FITS THIS DESCRIPTIONS?******** *BLONDE: ashley, the dumb blonde....hehe *NICEST: frank *LOUDEST: caitlin *STRANGEST: travis.....the domestic abuser *MOST CARING: ryan *SHORTEST: lauren or karina *TALLEST: hank....ahh why is he so tall!!! *SMARTEST: bob *BEST PERSONALITY: ryan *BEST ALL-AROUND PERSON: ryan 52. 5 PEOPLE YOU ARE OPEN WITH AND TRUST THE MOST: ashley, steven, frank, ryan o'connell, hank 53. DO YOU THINK THERE ARE SOUL MATES?: maybe 54. IS IT RIGHT TO FLIRT IF YOU HAVE A BF/GF?: i wouldnt want my bf to flirt with other girls, so thats a no 55. WHAT WAS THE LAST THING YOU CRIED OR GOT TEARY ABOUT?: theres too many things to count... 56. WHAT'S SOMETHING ABOUT GUYS/GIRLS YOU JUST DON'T GET?: guys never show emotion!!! i cant tell what they're thinking! 57. ARE YOU HAPPY? not right now 58. WHY?: i dont know 59. WHAT'S AN OBJECT YOU CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT?: my hair...hehe, my beautiful, long, strate brown hair! 60. LOVE OR LUST?:love 61. SILVER OR GOLD? silver 62. DIAMOND OR PEARL?: diamonds!!!!!!!! 63. SUNSET OR SUNRISE?: sunset... i'll never be awake to see a sunrise...sleepy time for me 64.HAVE YOU EVER GONE SKINNY-DIPPING?:no 65. DO YOU SLEEP WITH STUFFED ANIMALS? no 66. DO YOU HAVE ANY PIERCINGS? yes, only my ears though, it would be cool to get my eyebrow pierced!!! 67. WHAT COLOR UNDIES ARE YOU WEARING RIGHT NOW?:black!!! soooo sexy!!!!! 68. WHAT SONG ARE YOU LISTENING TO RIGHT NOW?:AFI-morning star 69.NUMBER?: why is there a queston mark here? 70. WHERE WOULD YOU WANT TO GO ON YOUR HONEYMOON?: new zealand... its so beutiful. 71. WHO DO YOU WANT TO SPEND THE REST OF YOUR LIFE WTH?: i dont know...... 72.WHAT'S THE FIRST THING YOU NOTICE ABOUT THE OPPOSITE SEX?: personality because looks dont matter to me. 73. FAVORITE SPORT?: volleyball....even if i didnt make the damn team! 74. WHAT MAKES YOU HAPPY?: hanging out with friends, i hate to not be with people. 75. WHAT'S THE NEXT CD YOU GONNA GET?: i like to make a mix of all my fav. songs....using stevens cd's.....which he doesent want me to use! 76. DO YOU WEAR CONTACTS OR GLASSES?:contacts....ugh! i hate glasses! 77. WHAT'S THE BEST ADVICE GIVEN TO YOU?: no one ever gives me good advice!!!!!!!! 78. HAVE YOU EVER WON ANY SPECIAL AWARDS?: no 79. WHAT ARE YOUR FUTURE GOALS?: go to college 80. WORST SICKNESS YOU EVER HAD?: when i had a bad stomache ache where i couldnt stop throwing up and i couldnt eat because i felt so sick... i lost like 2 pounds when i was sick like that! 81. DO YOU LIKE FUNNY OR SCARY MOVIES BETTER?: scary movies are the best!! 82. ON THE PHONE OR IN PERSON?:in person 83. HUGS OR KISSES? hugs are great....makes me feel good 84. WHAT SONG SEEMS TO REFLECT YOU THE MOST?: i'm really not that sure... 85. IF YOU DIED TOMORROW- WHO WOULD YOU LEAVE EVERYTHING TO?: steven 86. DO YOU HAVE ANY ENEMIES?: my parents sometimes 87. WHAT IS YOUR GREATEST FEAR?: loneliness, i hate being alone.... 88. WOULD YOU RATHER BE RICH OR FAMOUS?: rich 89.WHAT TIME IS IT IN ALBANIA RIGHT NOW?:stupid question....how am i sopposed to know!! 90. IF YOU HAD 24 HOURS LEFT TO LIVE, WHO WOULD YOU SPEND THAT TIME WITH?: friends 91.HAVE YOU MET SANTA?: yeah, that mall santa 92. IF E.T. KNOCKED ON YOUR DOOR HOLDING UP A PEACE SIGN ASKING TO USE YOUR PHONE WHAT WOULD YOU DO?: close the door......and lock it 93.WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU TALKED TO THE PERSON YOU LIKED?: last night 94.YOU HAVE ANY PETS?: 1 dog. 1 bird. and fish.......my poor kitty died. its like losing a best friend 95. WHATS YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS?: brunette366@aol.com 96. LAST TIME YOU WERE DEPRESSED?:right now....all the time.... 97. ARE YOU AN ALCOHOLIC?: no 98. WHO SENT THIS TO YOU?: steven 99.. WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT PERSON?: i love steven!!! hes my big brother!!! yay!!! 100. DO YOU WANT YOUR FRIENDS TO WRITE BACK?:sure

 i have a head ache (is that how u spell it?) because i'm way too bored right now..... i'm going to try to make links on my blog...

 so bored, so bored......1:25 pm and steven's still sleeping......why cant he just wake up and have his friends over so i can have something to do!!!!!!!!!!

 damn....summer is soo boring sometimes....school needs to come a little sooner....so at least i will have something to do other than sit at home rotting my brain watching tv. i really dont know why some people hate school so much. its actually really fun cuz u get to see all ur friends...and make new friends.......hurray!!! ashley is once again pissing me off. it's 1:15 pm and shes still not here. and for some reason they dont have a phone so i cant even call her to see what the fuck her problem is......i bet shes grounded again for some stupid reason..... and katie has cross country today and the rest of my friends must hate me cuz they never call!!!!! so thats why i'm so excited for high school......i can make friends that arent from dms cuz people from dms suck.........even though i'm from dms........ahhhh! i'm confusing myself...

 i just read karinas blog, its the greatest thing i've evr read....karina has some very interesting thoughts..... like "Lori and Jeremy.... wow that’s going to be interesting if they go out........I wonder who he will pick.... video games or Lori video games or Lori video games or Lori......"

 damn... i hate my dad. just got into another fight with him. i dont think we could go one day without a fight.....

 i say soo many stupid things sometimes..................all the time........damn

 ok... so after reading lori's blog for the first time i realize that she puts alot of stuff that i dont necessarily want her putting in...... stuff about me... and people.... and it kinda makes me feel a need to kill somthing..... hmmm, knowing how much steven hates seeing his name in my blog makes me want to write a little more about him!!! because he doesent really appriciate the nice things i do for him...... ~lost his school scedual ~messed up his old camera oops! those were the things that piss him off.....well, i did clean the basemnt for him...that was nice of me. especially when he couldnt have friends over unless the basement was clean......i'm such a good sister!!! hehehehe

 i wish ryan would write in his blog more.....his is the only really interresting blog.....so if ryan is reading this right now " add more stuff to your blog!!!!"

 mmmmm, steven left out some of his candy......mmmmmm yummmmmmmmmmmmm

 i am currently enjoying my morning online time cuz its the only time i'll get to be online.....its 10:55am right now and i'm pissed because the time in my blog isnt the right time.......

 steven got all pissy at me because i lost his scedual on monday..... but its his fault for giving it to me in the first place, because everyone knows that i cant be trusted..... i need a job, or at least some way to make money....i was thinking of asking the people across the street if they needed a babysitter, but then i realized that kids dont like me......then i realized that i'm not responsible, so the kid would probably end up dead during the first five minutes of the babysitting..

 i just realized something...i dont think that anyone reads my bloggy.....soo sad, a good blog gone to waste.

 school starts in a week....damn. but no more dms so that should be good. crown will be fun. i love meeting new people. it will be soo much fun

 i went to the mall a lot today.....twice actually. i got 2 shirts and some pants...one of the shirts is too big tho, because i was too lazy to try it on, but its 100% cotton so it should shrink. i am on a mission to become fat......well, maybe not fat.....but i need to gain weight!!!!! i think it may be working cuz i think i gained 2 pounds during the last 2 weeks. its a start..... so on my second trip to the mall today i went to sears with my parents because of the sales... and got some pants. Then i went to game stop to visit jeremy, who was troubled because of angry people looking for that new game. i forgot what its called....so i got myself a hug then left so my parents wouldnt get angry.

 sitting in the basement right now....with ashley..hehe, we went to the mall today and i got more clothes from zumiez!!! i think i'm done shopping for a while. i spent too much $ at the mall.....i think around 120 dollars or something.......

 lol...its 11:15am and i am writing in my blog.....and i am awake, this is funny because steven is in his cozy dirty little room half naked sleeping until 1:00

 bob and hank are so cute with their new hair cuts....bob looks smarter and hank looks like a young school boy.......oh yeah, jeremy got a hair cut too.....so with all these people getting short haircuts shouldnt steven and ryan get some too?

 bob likes to take off his pants.....mmmmmm pants- less bob................

 a new dicovery!!! hank is good at smash....

 i think ashley's coming over today. but then i also think that jeremy's coming over today..... but i'm not exactly sure about any of them.....i could always have them both over.....but no.

 oh no...steven is home...good night to all reading this blog... which is maybe 1 person at the most, but whatever.....

 steven screwed us all!!!!! its 11:25 and he was sopposed 2 be here at 11... so now my dad is pissed, and steven cant have friends over or use the car for a while....sadness for all. why do so many people like my dad??? maybe because they dont have to live with the crap from him... like how steven almost ran me over with the car and my dad yelled at me for not getting out of the way.......pissy

 it seems to me.. that i'm the only one who updates my blog daily... why cant everyone else write new and exciting things before i have to? my blog sucks...it has no point at all...the point of bobs blog is to make fun of hank....the point of stevens blog is to be stupid....then theres me, who writes about the stupidness of my daily activities, which can get quite boring at times..... theres a big sleepover coming this wednesday........maybe i should explain. i suppose lani is spending the night so that she can get together with frank....but then steven needs to have jeremy spend the night...and steven can get drunk under the desk by himself because he has no one

 ryan oconnell needs to come over more....he misses out on all the fun. hmmmm.. kimmy left her bop it at my house, so i will play a few gamies!!!

 its almost 11 o'clock...damn, steven will be home soon from driving kimmy and caitlin....why cant i ever be online in the late hours???.....

 that damn zappy pen has been into so many odd places, some that i probably dont know about...

 my damn zappy pen is broken again.... what a waste of 5 dollers..... i think i'll go try to fix it now... i need some zappy fun!

 jeremy is coming back tomorrow!!!

 i went to zumiez yesterday........ brett was there, i think he hates me...he said that i remind him of steven... something that i do with my eyes is like steven or something.......

 i'm scared......i spent the night at katie's house and when i got back home, no one was here.......??????? so i decided to go online and write in bloggy blog blog. and so now i am here writing and watching deleted scenes from austin powers goldmember.

 I'm so excited for today! Me and Katie Horn are going to the mall for some school shopping....I cant wait! steven's going to ask caitlin out which is really cool because then caitlin will be over a lot more!!! and now steven wants me to become best friends with her so that she can sleep over......... " i wonder why steven would want to spend a night with caitlin?"

 i was outside with hank, bob, frank, and streb a while ago......i was having fun watching them do tricks...then i asked hank if he would accept an apology from me and he told me to leave so i did.......sad sad

 i just realized that my blog has a really gay name..... who cares, looks like we'll have to deal with it

 jeremy has only been gone for 1 day and i already miss him.....i hope hes having fun in iowa...i'm starting to sound obsessed... OH NO!!!!!

 hank better find a way to read my blog!!!

 nighty night............my view on the lori jeremy contraversy........they should be together ( copied from ryan's blog ) this is the nicest thing i've ever read....THANK YOU RYAN!!!!!!

 a message for Ashley Barreiro~~~~~~ stop trying to make me come over to your ghetto streamwood house!!!! i'm pissed......ghetto ashley............

 Its almost 3 o'clock and i'm still in my PJ's!!! currently i am chillin in the basement with streb and hank and steven..... its sort of fun.......

 yesterday was the best day everrrrrrrrrrrrr! I went to jeremy's house..and got to see his room!!!..........................................................and we were just hanging out for those of you with sick minds.... anyway, after that i joined steve, bob, caitlin, kim, hank,travis, laurin and streb and we watched punchdrunk love, which was the most confusing movie i've ever seen....and i've seen it twice...... so then we all went to cruisenight and then hotdogs, and then............5 step, hehehe! which you must read about it in steven's blog,then mendoza's.....who is mendoza anyway??? i think hes the one with the long hair.... there were so many people there and i dont know anyone.....people know me i suppose, but only as " steve's sister" but who cares, it was so much fun!!!! and i got 1 KO in smash against that chubby guy with glasses... sorry but as i said, i dont know anyone. and jeremy was there!!!! which made it a million times more fun!!!

 jeremy is going to iowa for a while........hmmm................................................................................................for some anime thing............:: TEAR :: i'm soo sad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! waaaaaaaaaa

 steven!!!!you are such a crazy vandal.if u r going to attack a stop sign... at least complete the job so that no words are visible!!!

 i dont know how to make links on this damn blog of mine. if i could make links they would be to the following blogs: ~ryan ~bob ~lani ~karina ~steven i think thats all

 i wonder what lani's last name is...........

 jeremy...hmmmm...its impossible not to like him...if someone can tell me one bad thing about him, i'd like to hear it. such a great person.....my blog is so friendly, no ones feelings will be hurt... except for maybe hank, but only a little. not nearly as much as bobs blog.

 volleyball is so crazy...... three days of tryouts, three hours every day. i am so tired. and i need a ride to crown wednesday at 4. anyone??????

 what a great day!!! I was taken to denny's this morning with steven, bob, and frank.then we went to the mall and i finally met that brett guy from zumiez that hates steven. it was fun, there was shoe throwing and skating in the store and watching brett kick steven out of the store.... fun times fun times.... jeremy was sopposed to be there..... sad......so whats this jeremy/lori contraversy ryans been talking about??? i would really like to know

 why does everyone call my brother steve? steven is the proper name.................

 I've decided to create myself a new blog, for my last one failed horribly. I named this bloggy after the day steven decided to feed his friends peppers. that was a great day.

 just got back from jeremys house. i'm so happy when i'm with him. especially when he calls me beautiful, it just makes me feel so good. i can just forget about everything else in my life when i'm with him. i'm in a really good mood right now. i love it!!!! its about 9:30 right now and i'm enjoyong my online time, i think steven's at franks house. so i'm getting some blog writing done. hey, tomorrow is another day of school spirit!! and i dont know what i'm sopposed to be wearing.

 today has been boring. but i really dont mind because at least people will be over when steven gets out of work..... as i look at yesterday's blog writing i realize a lot of things. like how i have some sort of depression. maybe its not that severe, at least in my mind its not that bad, its not like i'm cutting my wrists. i just have my highs and i have my lows. yesterday i was at an extreame low...and today i'm not sure how i'm feeling. all i know is that i cant wait until tomorrow because i get to be in school again. i will get to see the people who make me feel good. my school friends, ( the people i see a lot in school but not a lot out of school) then theres passing periods and flex block where i get to see my junior friends. thats always fun.

 i got a phone call this morning from my aunt irene. shes one of my favorite people in the world, along with my two cousins. they are coming over for christmas and i cant wait, its going to be so much fun to finally see them again. even though they're jewish, they celebrate christmas with us once in a while. i feel so much better today after my conversation with paulina last night. now i know that if i'm feeling bad i can always trust that i can talk to her. its good to know that there's someone i can talk to.

 i have written so much stuff today. if you plan on reading my blog try going from the bottom up, otherwise you may not understand it. i swear, today has been the longest blog writing day for me ever. it feels good to write though. and since i was home alone pratically all day today, then i had a lot of time to think and write.

 lost inside an endless whirlpool of mixed emotions to many highs and lows to count cant predict what will happen next not knowing what to expect just hope for the best, but end with the worst then back to the best again. the people who surround me are the only ones who can control my mood surround me with negativity and thats what i'll become thats what has happened the negativity has overflown anger has taken its throne i'm lost

 i just had a really good conversation with paulina...shes such a great person. i found someone that i could talk to about my problems and thats what i did, and so now i just feel so much better. we share a lot in common. she listens to me and gives me advice, thats exactly what i needed. thank god, now i dont have to fall asleep crying...again. my spirits have lifted so much now...i went from severely depressed to relieved and happy. words of wisdom: find someone that you can talk to about your feelings...someone that you can trust, someone who will understand. it will make you feel great to get it all out of the way.

 here i am again, alone in this hell house my loneliness surrounds me, getting worse and worse every day until the time i see the one, who makes me feel bright, happy, loved and its during those moments I wish that time would stop so that I could live forever. feeling so good, so happy but until that time arrives, i must wait. try to survive try not to let the sadnesses of my life get to me i simply love you, i know these feelings are true what would I do without you? without your voice? without your sweet face? theres some sort of connection, there must be something there i feel what you feel your sadness is my sadness. your happy, I'm happy and thats how i know, how i can tell, theres no other explanation it must be love

 i did absolutely nothing today. no fun at all, i didnt even get to hang out with steven and i dont think i'll be hanging out with lani...everyones going to a party. i wanted to go see a movie tonight with liz but i dont have a ride so that sucks. i just feel like shit. i wish jeremy was around but hes gone for the day, but at least hes probably having a fun day, thats cool. he always has something to do, i wish i was like that. damn, i hate my stupid brain!!! why am i so sad today? i just feel like crying and i cant even figure out why. i'm thinking of reasons that i am about to cry but i just cant. i think i need to be around people more. thats it, i'm sad because i feel so alone right now, and i've been feeling like this all day. it sucks... i wont be able to hang out with anyone for the rest of the day. oh well...things will get better, hopefully.

 school on friday wasnt too bad at all. the ECC field trip was a lot better than expected. we were there to learn about jobs realated to our personal interests. We were put into groups according to these interests and i was in the artistic group along with a lot of my other friends, mel, nicole, sean, and stevens caitlin was in my group too. it was so interesting how i get along great with all the people who were put into my group, hmmm maybe because we all share similar interests. but anyway, we got to go see alot of really fascinating things at ECC. our group went into a dark room were a class was developing pictures and we saw a lot of awesome art....paintings and a lot of other stuff. then we all got to go to burger king for lunch where me and mel sat with this cross-eyed teacher with a long pony tail. it was strange because i was talking to him and none of his eyes were looking at me. but hes a cool teacher..... i had alot of fun on the bus ride was fun too. i had a lot of time to get to know mel, i spent most of my day there with her. shes cool and shes friends with pauilina too. finally, i have two friends that actually get along with eachother so i can have more than 1 friend over at a time. oh shit, lani should be calling me soon, maybe i should get offline.

 Breathe in for luck, breathe in so deep, this air is blessed, you share with me. This night is wild, so calm and dull, these hearts they race, from self control. Your legs are smooth, as they graze mine, we're doing fine, we're doing nothing at all. My hopes are so high, that your kiss might kill me. So won't you kill me, so I die happy. My heart is yours to fill or burst, to break or bury, or wear as jewelery, which ever you prefer. The words are hushed lets not get busted; just lay entwined here, undiscovered. Safe in here, from all the stupid questions. "hey did you get some?" Man, that is so dumb. Stay quiet, stay near, stay close they can't hear... so we can get some. My hopes are so high that your kiss might kill me. So won't you kill me, so I die happy. My heart is yours to fill or burst, to break or bury, or wear as jewelery, which ever you prefer. Hands down this is the best day I can ever remember, I'll always remember the sound of the stereo, the dim of the soft lights, the scent of your hair that you twirled in your fingers and the time on the clock when we realized it's so late and this walk that we shared together. The streets were wet and the gate was locked so I jumped it, and let you in. And you stood at the door with your hands on my waist and you kissed me like you meant it. And I knew that you meant it, that you meant it, that you meant it, and I knew, that you meant it, that you meant it.

 wow, falling asleep crying makes me really weird in the morning. my eyes look like crap today because of last night. they're all bloodshot and i have huge dark rings under them. i wish school would come back already. its so much more fun to be there than to be sitting here home alone all weekend. maybe i'll force myself to call one of my friends, i know they wont be calling me anytime soon.

 sometimes i just hate my life so much. so much that i could care less about being alive or not. there are so many things going on that i want to talk about with someone but i cant, another reason that i'm depressed. THers just no one that i can talk to about my problems, with my family, my friends, myself. its just everything about my life, the way i am treated by everyone, the way i act around people. sometimes, i just simply dont like my life...or it may be that i dont like myself. all of my thoughts and emotions stay bottled up inside of me, i cant talk about them with anyone. Theres no one who would understand me. who would? my mind is so messed up, theres no one who understands whats going on inside of me, i dont even understand myself.

 you're always in your dark solitude, pushing others away when what you really want is for them to be closer. the ones you love will never know your true colors. never know your true feelings for them.

 forgive and forget...but don't expect others to do the same for you.

 today was a really interesting day. I had paulina come over after school. We went to the mall, i needed more clothes. and we were just bored. I saw jeremy there too! he was there with some people that i've met before but i dont reamember their names, oh well. i didnt really get to talk to him but i got my hug and thats all that matters. wow, i'm obsessed with hugs. but its just that they are so great. I could be the most depressed person in the world but if i just got a jeremy hug, everything would feel better. wow, 7 out of 77 people are online. and no one is talking to me, but thats ok, i need peace when i'm blog writing. what am i sopposed to do all weekend? i think i'll call lani or karina.

 I love hugs!!!!!!!! especially jeremy hugs. i'm so happy when i get to hang out with him. yesterday was great, i had so much fun. wow....i'm so happy today. and i have nothing to write about cuz i usually write about the stuff that pisses me off, but now i'm just way to high-spirited to write angry blog entries.

 ahhh! the mexican next to my locker called me "his ho" today. my dads yelling at me again...yay! more fights and more anger! i get pissed off really easily. especially in the hallway when people walk into me, walk too slow, or just stop right in front of me and never move. today's another monday, another week of school. fourth week out of 36 i think. but that just means 36 more weeks of non-stop fun and excitement! ha. actually i dont mind it at all. what would i do all day without school? i would need to get a job, i need something to keep me busy.

 i dont like my dad... not at all...well, maybe slightly. but there are far too many fights going on between us. i got into at least 3 fights with him today. a bad word slipped out of my mouth. its funny how steven can yell swears at the top of his lungs and my dad wont hear him, but when a whisper of a swear comes from my mouth i get yelled at for half an hour?

 oh shit! i dont have a best friend anymore. now that ashley's gone.... damn, i've lost a lot of friends over the years. karlee, devin, ashley, diana, and i'm not sure who else. but the ashley thing really pisses me off. i used to be able to talk to her about anything and everything, and i could trust her with that too. now what the hell am i sopposed to do? when i need to talk to someone i have no one to talk to. cant talk to my parents...who talks to their parents about personel stuff?

 monday! wow, i cant believe how perky i was today..jeremy too. i like him that way, it was really cool. i had a fun lunch. and steven was there. How fun! haha he stole my chair... ): i was wearing three layers of clothes today. steven's response---"what are you going to do if you need to get your clothes off fast?" how cute...i got nominated for that homecoming thing.

 "Perfect little dream, the kind that hurts the most. Forgot how it feels, well almost. No one to blame, always the same. Open my eyes, wake up in flames. It took you to make me realize, it took you to make me see the light. Smashed up my sanity, smashed up integrity, smashed up what I believe in, smashed up what's left of me. Smashed up my everything, smashed up all that was true, gonna smash myself to pieces, I don't know what else to do. Covered with hope and vaseline, still cannot fix this broken machene. Watching the hole it used to be mine, just watching it in my systematic decline. Of the trust I will betray, give it to me and I'll throw it away. After everything I've done, I hate myself for what I've become. I gave up."

 i hate being sick. i feel so shitty today...i didnt hang out with caitlin herman cuz i needed to rest a bit. and i took some cold pills but they're not working. I went to the mall yesterday and i was going to buy this shirt that fit me perfectly. It was grey with a little bit of black and it had a cursive letter on it that looked like an L but it ended up being a J. and they didnt have my letter so i was really dissappointed. i also went to the halloween store and the guy that worked there had a plastic sword and he was hitting me with it. joking around, but it still hurt. so i ended up having a sword fight and it was pretty fun. he showed me some vampire teeth cuz i'm going to be a vampire for halloween. halloween is going to be fun, I'm going to my friend hollys party that day.she goes to jacobs and i havent seen her since my b-day so it'll be fun to see her again.

 yesterday....wow....it was really crazy. i did so many things yesterday! had paulina come home with me after school in steven's car, but the ride took a while because of jewel and frequent stops between ryans dads and ryans moms house... and butterflies in the car...hehe so we were at our house for a while. ate pizza. then we went for a ride to paulinas house, which has got to be the coolest house i've ever seen in my life! and her mom was really interesting, in a scary sort of way. They all speak Polish in this house and when she found out that i was polish too she says, " i accept you" hmmmm...................... and paulinas room is so awesome. its hard to explain. but to get to her room you have to climb up some really steep stairs .and her room is covered in posters and drawings, because she is a really good artist. So then her friend Dan came over and we talked for a while, then he drove us to AMC to go see underworld. When we got there we met her other friends who were all gothic too. wearing the long trenchcoats and such. so blah blah blah.. we saw the movie, it was awesome and we drove home. which was not such a good thing because i was sopposed to be home at 1:00 and i got home at 1:40. OOPS! my dads being a bitch about it. He thinks we were doing drugs or something, but if he was a good dad and if he knew me a little better he would realize that i am extreamly anti-drug and smoking. and i was only late because the movie was longer than expected..almost 3 hours..

 i had a good day today...second one in a row. Thats so great!!! i'm so happy nowadays. last night lani came over and me and her sat in her car talking. and my dad came over to the car, and it was dark outside, and he was expecting to see lani and frank making out. surprise surprise!!! it was only me and lani....stupid dad. and i got into another fight with him yesterday, it was about pizza. i wonder what kind of fight i'll get into today....maybe we'll fight ablout apples, or cherries! i can make a guarantee that there will be some sort of fight today. 100% chance.

 hey...take a look at the post ashley wrote in my blog( without permission)....and how she uses the phrase, " just playin "

 sex is a great thing when it is shared with someone special. someone that u know and love.



 hey lori this is ashley writing in ur blog im sorry dont hate me just playin bye bye bitch, jk

 i was just thinking about when everyone goes to college. Its going to suck..and i'm going to cry, cuz steven will be gone along with everyone hes friends with, and i'll be left here, in the lonely house......and i dont even want to think about it cuz its just that horrible. I cant imagine my life without all those people. I want this year to last forever!!!!! i'm going to go thorugh a severe depression once everyone is gone. its going to be so sad. oh my god!!!!!! i hate it.we're all going to be adults at some point and all of our happy basement memories will be a thing of the past. its going to be terrible.

 yay! i had a really good day today. and i got 2 hugs from jeremy. and i just had fun today, nothing bad happened. yep, stevens at stephanies house. aka: the sluts house. i dont like her, she smokes, kind of like ashley. I DONT LIKE SMOKERS!!!!!! stevens probably getting a BJ right now. disgusting...only because its steven. i have to write a story by tomorrow. a personal narrative! how exciting! english has got to be the worst class ever! I cant wait till biology. I get to rip apart animals and see their insides!!! oh yeah, i feel like the guy from scream, but with animals instead of people. ha, i'm way too perky today. i'm looking at my nails right now, they're really ugly. THey look like guy nails, short and dirty and mis-shapen. i need my trusty pink nail thing that i got for free from my moms work. luch was so fun today. lauren was telling us how she was a mistake. then she yelled at travis for staring at her " googly eye" i didnt even notice anything about her eye until she started talking about it.

 streb was at the door just now...oh man. he told me some things, like how hes depressed. and thats so sad. cuz i know how it feels, and hes a good guy, he has no reason to be depressed. except that people make fun of him...including me sometimes, but i never mean it. Streb's such a good guy... so i made myself some food, 1 whole box of macaroni and cheese!! made for 2 people....but i ate it all! see? i'm not annorexic! but it tasted so bad and i cant cook. I should take a cooking class. i swear to god...whoever marrys me better be a good cook...cuz i suck at it.

 right now...give some to me! when my parents arent around i have no one to give me food...cuz i cant cook. And i hate how everyone suspects that i'm annorexic or something, just cuz i have practically no luch doesent mean that i dont stuff my face during breakfast and dinner. I had an interesting conversation with travis, frank, ryan, and hank today. They were talking about sex....and masterbation. and it was funny. they kept asking me if i did it. haha, i wonder..........? so there was a lot of laughing going on and i learned a few new things about men. like how they get morning boners or something like that...hehe..so fun. anyway...parents are back. how fun! more fights with my dad, great..............

 its 7:50 now. i'm home again, with lani, karina, and frank, and steven. today was tiring. I went to sleep late, woke up early, and rode my bike to the mall and back with allyse. The mall was not too fun. I didnt have any money cuz the bank was closed. i went to game stop and visited jeremy. and wow! i got a hug. then he suprisingly called me back at like 7:30. i hope this is a sign of change! i think i'll go back and watch some tv with everyone else.

 yesterday was depressing for me. i was ditched by jeremy...again. cuz we made plans to hang out saturday, and i was so happy cuz i havent been able to hang out with him in a while. what the hell was i thinking? as if any of my plans with him would actually happen. it was terrible, cuz he was sopposed to call me, and he didnt. if he would just call me back once in a while.....that would be nice. i called him on karinas phone, and i wanted him to come to heritage fest cuz thats where i was at the time, but no...he made "previously arranged plans" with someone else....but i thought he made plans with me!? so i was seriously going to cry after that phone call...and i would have cried if there werent people around. I cant cry in front of people. i'm not sure why..i'm embarrassed by it or something. cant show signs of weekness. so then i was at heritage fest for a while. i watched fire works...there was a lot of people there. me, karina, lani, lauren, steven, frank, hank, ryan, mike hanley, monica, miles, and i was hanging out with my friend liz for a long time. and there was a ton of people that i didnt know. and after heritage fest lani and ryan spent the night. without my gramps knowing of course...i'm pretty sure we got away with it....ha, i hope. but that kinda sucked too, cuz we were sopposed to meet frank, hank, and bob outside and we didnt. so i ended up watching steven, and lani, and ryan go online all night...ryan was having fun in the gay chat room...sending people pictures of pies. we all went to sleep at 3:45am. so now its sunday.......allyse is coming over today. i was sopposed to hang out with her yesterday, but since jeremy was going to come over i told her that i made plans. and what did i end up doing yesterday? sitting at home...doing nothing, i even took a nap... i never take naps! its 11:45am now. I'm going to take a shower and call my good friend allyse.

 tonight was a crazy night...crazy in a fun way. first i had lani over, then laurin came, then karina and ryan. we played video games for a while....then me and laurin were hungry, so we left to wendys cuz no one else wanted to come..then surprisingly the rest of them met us there. so me, lani, laurin, and karina were hanging out for a long time....we went back to my house and sat in lanis car for about 2 hours....lots of girl talk. FOR 2 HOURS!!!! it was a really fun day...i'm actually in a good mood for the first time in a long while...its great

 homecoming....i dont think i'm going. i dont have a date. and homecoming is not really for me. I hate dancing, i hate dressing up, and its too costly for my liking. school has been fun today. i like good days, their so.....good! i have a lot of ups and downs. it kind of pisses me off. why cant it just be all ups? yeah...so i just got done with a really good conversation with ryan. Hes a smart guy. he gave me a lot of advice. i seem to have extreamly bad luck with walking in crowded aeas, like the hallway where my locker is. i walked into like 5 people today. clumsy me. i'm going to try to never write another offensive thing in my blog again. which is hard for me to do for some reason. hank told me that i look like the kind of person that would do drugs. hmm.. thats strange. especially because i'm extreamly against drugs. january is going to be fun!i get to be a snowflake leader at Dms and i will be able to boss the middle schoolers around along with Mike Hanley, Ashley(eeew) and the rest of the crew. did i ever write about how i'm really pissed at ashley? well..so she tells me about how long shes been smoking for and i'm like, "dammit ashley!! why the hell r u doing that?" cuz we are like best friends and i would trust her with anything...which would seem crazy to some people but anyway...i've always told her not to, and that i wouldnt be her friend if she did, but she doesnt seem to care.Now shes got her new friends that can smoke with her. and last weekend we went to the mall, and she goes outside with the guy from the arcade, and their both smoking. so i left...i didnt want to be around her. so i walked around the mall looking for a place to get change for a dollar and i made a phone call....to jeremy. its funny how when i call on a pay phone, he answers his cell, but when i call from my house, he doesent answer. damn that caller id. why do i still like jeremy when he clearly doesent like me anymore? cuz thats what it seems like it sucks when you like someone a lot, and they dont like you back. dashboard concert...ha, i'm not going. it would be fun if i did, ive never been to one before. i met a lot more people today at school. cuz we had to do some group work. it was fun, one of the reasons that my day today was good. one of their names is bobby. i dont like it, i'm too used to bob, so now bobby sounds strange. I had an arboriculture field trip today. extreamly lame, but i got to go to wendy's and i got to hang out with jeremy arendt. hes a cool guy...except for the smoking, but still. hmmm.. i just realized that i get along well with people..all kinds of people. cuz the new people i've met at school consist of goths, hippies, preppys, punks, and like, just everyone! i think i'll get offline now, all this writing is making me tired

 ok, so if you're reading this you'll have to ignore my last post "THIS IS THE END" because i just realized that i need to write in my blog. i NEED to!!! my mind is way too messed up to not write about the crazy shit that i'm thinking. you see...i've had some sort of crazy overload of thought, and thats not good for me. so i'm here writing in my blog again. yeah.. so now to this weekend, which is a very important weekend...because my parents will be in wisconsin all weekend...big plans big plans. not really for me, mostly for steven.steven's got some kind of "hit list" going. home alone all weekend (my gramps will be here, but he'll know nothing!) i wonder what kind of things will happen in this house..........eeww!! i'm not going to think about that. My plans for this weekend? well, most likely my weekend will suck as usual, maybe i'll have paulina over....that would be cool. i like DCHS so much...i've met so many new people and its so fun.

 i had an interesting thought the other day... i was thinking what things would be like if i wasnt alive. life without me.....hmmm, i cant see how that would effect anyone. i noticed that i'm not a big part of anyones life... maybe my parents. god dammit, i hate my damn depressions. i'm so jealous of people like jeremy arednt...because he never looks unhappy...ever.

 no more blog...for a long long time. I guess i'm pissing off a lot of people with the things i write. damn, i'm just writing what i'm thinking...but people dont like my thoughts so i'll keep my feelings bottled up inside instead of letting them out...i think that might be a bad thing, but whatever. ugh! its late...time to sleep...goodbye blog, i'll miss you

 damn...its only like 7:55pm and steven and the guys wont be home until 11 or later....more boredom for me. i probably could have gone to irish fest with the rest of the guys but i didnt. i dont want to pay 8 dollars so i can sit and watch deanna and steven make out...........

 ahhh!!!!!! i swear to god, all girls are bitches!!! heres a conversation that i had with with sara benton. sporkler25 [7:22 PM]: hey Brunette366 [7:22 PM]: hi Brunette366 [7:22 PM]: do u go to irish fest? sporkler25 [7:22 PM]: no Brunette366 [7:23 PM]: yeah..me either Brunette366 [7:23 PM]: do u like deanna? sporkler25 [7:23 PM]: she is ok sporkler25 [7:23 PM]: y Brunette366 [7:23 PM]: cuz i went with my brother and his friends to subway to meet her Brunette366 [7:23 PM]: and she is such a slut sporkler25 [7:24 PM]: no she is not sporkler25 [7:24 PM]: that is mean Brunette366 [7:24 PM]: ok..thats just what i think sporkler25 [7:24 PM]: well it is mean sporkler25 [7:24 PM]: n she is not a slut sporkler25 [7:24 PM]: she is a really nice person Brunette366 [7:24 PM]: shes had sex like 5 times sporkler25 [7:24 PM]: so what Brunette366 [7:25 PM]: u dont see anything wrong with that? sporkler25 [7:25 PM]: no sporkler25 [7:25 PM]: it is none of ur business n e ways Brunette366 [7:25 PM]: yeah..well normal people dont have sex at 14 sporkler25 [7:25 PM]: some do Brunette366 [7:25 PM]: the sluts do!!! sporkler25 [7:26 PM]: u r so mean sporkler25 [7:26 PM]: y the hell r u callin her a slut Brunette366 [7:26 PM]: cuz she is!!!! sporkler25 [7:26 PM]: when it is none of ur business sporkler25 [7:26 PM]: NO sporkler25 [7:26 PM]: She is not Brunette366 [7:26 PM]: yeah..well i'm alowed to have an opinion sporkler25 [7:27 PM]: welll u dont tell everyone that u think she is a slut sporkler25 [7:27 PM]: that is just freakin wrong sporkler25 [7:27 PM]: just like u did to karlee sporkler25 [7:27 PM]: which was wrong too Brunette366 [7:27 PM]: what the fuck sporkler25 [7:27 PM]: n was a bitchy thing to do Brunette366 [7:27 PM]: i didnt tell anything to karlee sporkler25 [7:27 PM]: about karlee Brunette366 [7:27 PM]: where r u getting this from? sporkler25 [7:27 PM]: to ashley sporkler25 [7:27 PM]: so dont lie sporkler25 signed off at 7:27 PM

 ok then, i'm home alone once again. my parents are out on a walk with the dog, steven is at irish fest, and here i am....but at least i have a lot of time for blog typing.... So jeremy calls today, we talk for a bit....then i call him back to ask him a question, but he didnt answer the phone, and travis continues calling him back trying to hear jeremy's answering machine. so he got like 5 or 6 calls from our cell phone...jeremy thinks it was all me calling so hes probably pissed at me, i dont know why but he probably is. and he wont come over when hank is over...normally, people wouldnt care...as long as they get to hang out with their friends. but i guess he doesent want to hang out with me as much as i want to hang out with him. i had some fun today anyway

 i guess i wont be hanging out with my jacobs friends after all...cuz i called them and no one is around....and i wont be hanging out with steven either cuz they're all going to irish fest and i dont want to waste time and money there. i'll have to remember to never look forward to anything, because my plans always backfire... everything turns out opposite of what i expect..heres some examples --i was so excited for this weekend because i thought that i was going to have so much fun...well its the complete opposite. --i expected high school to suck...and its the opposite --i thought i was going to hang out with jeremy this weekend...i was wrong again... --i thought my tree class was going to be horrible...it was the opposite...theres some really cool people in that class that make it really fun. --i thought i was going to the skate park with the guys...and i didnt and all of this stuff happened in one week.

 its 12:05 pm right now...and the clock on my blog says the wrong time...how do i fix that? anyway....i took a shower this morning, but then i dont know why...cuz i have no reason to...who am i trying to look good for anyway? ah yes!! i have a plan for today...i'm going to go and see a movie with my best friends, which happen to go to jacobs... caitlin, becky, holly...god, i miss them

 i cant believe that i'm saying this, but i wish i was in school right now. I dont hate it anymore. Besides, school is the only time i get to see any of my friends, cuz some of them dont hang out with me out of school. dammit, its only saturday, what the hell am i sopposed to do this weekend????? i guess i'll be hanging out with hank, frank, ryan, and the rest of those guys. its fun to hang out with them...i wonder if ashleys coming over today??? god, she is really pissing me off lately, shes becoming friends with all the wrong people, and shes going to end up as a 19 yr old single mother, living in a shitty apartment, smoking cigarettes, doing drugs, and prostituting herself for money.....haha, i should be a physic....

 my weekend plans have gone to hell...on friday i was like thinking: " yay, this weekend is going to be so great, i'll finally get to hang out with jeremy again"--------then shit happens

 steven is here.. back from irish festivities...that means my online time is over

 after school friday sucks....really really sucks. i would have had a great day if everyone in the world wasnt such a jackass to me. like how i was so excited to go to the skatepark with the guys today...steven, frank, hank, ryan, bob....but there wasnt enough room in the car so i was selected to not go...damn, my life really sucks. wow, its crazy how fast a good day can turn into a bad one. god dammit. i think i'll just swear a bit to get rid of all this extra anger.....ass fuck bitch... ok that feels better...no never mind, it feels worse. i have a headache....why the hell am i constantly being ditched by all the people i think are my friends??? i bet i'm like secretly hated by everyone, and no ones telling me.. 6 people from my buddy list are online and not one person has IMed me...whoa!! i'm like so popular!!!!!!!!!!!

 i had a really good day at school today....thats always good. I'm starting to become good friends with one of the gothic people that i met...shes really cool, shes 100% Polish like me, and she was born in poland and she speaks the language perfectly. Then she tells me that she used to have bad depression, which seems to happen a lot with the goths....

 i really want to hang out with jeremy this weekend, or on friday after school...it seems like we never do anything together anymore, like just me and him, no one else....i'll have to ask him if he wants to hang out later. RANDOM THOUGHTS -hank really hates jeremy, hahahahahahaha.......sooooo funny! -the ryan and karina relationship confuses me a lot -i woke up late today, couldnt take my morning shower....sucky -my hair is really dark now -my random thoughts suck

 tomorrow is friday, yay!!! irish fest too, i dont know why i care, cuz i'm not even going. i dont see why its so great. according to steven, ryan and frank, people go there to meet "hotts" and make out with people that they just met. maybe thats why i'm not going....why the hell would i want to do that anyway? some people just piss me off when all they care about is making out with a hott person....hmmm thats exactly what a not-hott person would say.........whatever, most girls that are " hott " are either extream sluts or bitches, thats why being ugly is so fun...people dont like me for looks... wow, i've got a lot to write about lately...

 havent written in a while.....god, that other entry of mine is soo long and crazy... today was my 3rd day of school....school's ok i guess. my classes all suck so much. Not one of my friends are in any of my classes, and its hard to meet new people cuz its always dead silent in every class!!! god, i hate it...so, i met 3 gothic people on my 1st and second days.... gothic people are pretty cool to talk 2....their names are paulina, mel, and nicole. hank thinks its really stupid of me to be friends with them... in dont know why, but i dont really care either way. flex block is the greatest!!!i get to hang out with all my junior friends which is really fun...even though i think they hate it when i sit with them....or not, i wish i could find out what people are thinking. that would be awesome.and i get to sit with jeremy, i like him so much.......... so my ex-boyfriend jon has gotten really weird looking....hes in ashleys category/ ghetto... and hes been looking at me a little too much. i think hes sad that i dumped him, but he did drugs and crazy stuff like that. why the hell does everyone do drugs?????? so i'm in arboriculture/ tree class... i was going to change my scedual but i think i might stick with what i got. that class is full of so many hippies. and they all seem to be smoking weed, which is funny because we learn about plants in that class so it seems to suit them. i met another jeremy today. jeremy ardnt, hes one of the hippies....so many crazy people... much better than middle school.

 Just finished my finals for keyboarding class. not too hard, except that I cant remember what format to write business letters in! damn u keyboarding. I had a fun fun fun morning. We got a five minute break and me and paulina went up stairs, in a circle, then came back to our class. it was fun! we were out of breath when we got back! today is going to be fun...early release, then me and karina are going to the mall...i need birthday presents! and i dont know what i'm doing for the rest of the day. but i'm sure things will be fun either way. ryming! aww...things will be so sad for me after today...there will be no more morning class with paulina. : ( i want to cry! thank the good lord, i am not feeling shitty today. like yesterday. man, i was really angry at everything yesterday oh yeah..i was sopposed to tell why steven was so happy. he asked Lisa Tipps out and now they are a couple and i am so happy for him and for once he isnt in it for the sex! lol its true though....according to bob, steven thinks with him dick and bob is no longer mental!!! i am so proud.

 its so cute how happy steven is today...i wont say why until the time is right. but believe me, it made me happy to see him so happy. and now everyone is happy. u will understand in tomorrow's blog entries.

 meh...today wasnt too fun. bad day at school, and now after school was pretty stupid too. the only good thing i did today was hang out with bob, steven, and lisa and go with them to msdonalds. Thats about it. shit.

 all the people that are usually around at school were gone today. mel wasnt there...neither was jeremy, the usual people who make school more fun than it would normally be. yuk, my house smells really bad today.

 steven got really pissed off at me this morning. i guess i supposedly pissed him off because i wanted him to pop the trunk and he didnt so i asked him a few more times and he turned bitchy on me, like everyone else in this world. especially today. i hope i get a chance to go to the mall tomorrow...i sort of need to so i can get holly a birthday present for her halloween/ b-day party.

 theres a five day weekend coming up! i'm so excited. its going to be fun! thurs. nov. 6- early release friday. nov. 7- No school saturday-------weekend sunday---------weekend mon. nov 10- No school tues. nov 11- No school

 according to my scale...i gained 2 pounds. i'm on my way!

 yeah..today wasnt so good because i am stupid, and spilled my drink 3 times during flex. must i always embarass myself?? yes...embarassment sort of follows me whereever i go. i wonder...who reads my blog? i can think of one person and that is sean. i dont think anyone else does. maybe steven.

 i just got back from what might possibly be my worst day of school so far this year. I am so annoyed by everything today. and u know what my favorite thing about myself is??? even if i'm in the worst mood of my life, i still manage to not take it out on other people. whats the point of making everyone else feel shitty just because i am?

 people are like books. You cant read a book if it's closed.

 the easiest way to answer a question: "i dont know" thats the phrase i've chosen...not a good choice by the way.

 why the hell am i always so confused? its because i cant explain my actions. i will act one way, and wonder why i acted like that. i'm a strange person. whats wrong with me? why cant i explain myself...explain why i act the way i do. why am i so conplicatied? and who am i expecting to answer these questions? it has to be me. who else will? more questions..ugh..thats enough.

 i found a ride home from school today. i'm riding with john and jeremy....wheee! ummmmmmmmmm, yeah so now its time to go learn about triangles and such in geometry. byebye for now!!

 lunch was fun today! me + jeremy + john + lani + karina + frank + ryan = fun lunch table! karina showed me some pictures that she got developed from her digital camera. and there was one of me hugging frank and jeremy got crazed! lol i had a can of pepsi for lunch. and i stole some of franks cheetos and some of lanis crackers... but i rejected johns food...icky nachos.

 i'm learning

 yey! i'm in tree class and i'm sopposed to be working i guess..but i'm too bored.

 its time to go to 2nd block! english...reading...the odyssey..and provocative looks from across the room. its going to be a long day.....

 stupid school computers wont let me look at my website anymore...i got on it last week but not anymore. paulina is here sitting next to me. she is typing on her computer but i'm done with everything so i'm blog writing this morning. last night, everyone went to battle of the bands but i decided not to go because of homework....and jeremy. : ) i got a spiffy new jacket and i am wearing it now..oooo so warm! i dont know what to write anymore... finals...hmmmm, how nice. i'm worried about my geometry final. I sort of dont pay attention in that class so i never really know whats going on. and dammit!! we'll have to do proofs and our supid teacher expects us to remember 30 definitions of ways to proove stuff and its annoying. 9:00 am right now. 2nd block is coming... early release thursday and friday. yey! finals. boo! i need a ride home from school today. stupid steven. and lani has volleyball. and travis leaves right away so i probably wont be able to get to his car fast enough. what do i do?!? i dont like riding my stupid bus...grrrr

 dammit...just canceled plans with liz. no more movie today. i have too much to do. plus i have no money. and...eh. i have so muuch to do and i'm here wasting my time online

 people break down into two groups when they experience some thing lucky group 1- sees it as more than luck more than a coincedence they see it as a sign evidence, that there is someone up there watching out for them group 2- sees it as just pure luck a happy turn of chance so what group do u come from? for me..i would say group 2. no ones watching out for us!!!

 yep, i saw scary movie3 last night with lani and i'm probably seeing it again today with liz. eh, i dont really care. i would'nt cancel plans with liz for a stupid reason like that. last night ended up being a ton of fun, once everyone got to my house. it was just me and karina for a while, then lani came, and frank, hank, bob, ryan, mel, and monica. then we all walked to the rock quarry, that was so much fun. me and karina were so hyper. ha, it was fun. going for walks in the forest! yeah..so then we all walked home and waited for monicas mom to pick them up to take them to the movies. while waiting me and ryan had fun throwing rocks at the yield sign. then we all got into our cars and left to see the movie. which was really funny but also very stupid. oh yeah, jessica and emily joined us at the movies. it was a lot of fun. -me -lani -karina -frank -ryan -hank -jessica -monica -emily -mel bob would have been there but he went with steven to a party. so now its 10:00 in the morning. stupid daylight savings! or maybe its a good thing.... i'm too tired to care 'cause i had lani and karina sleep over and we watched signs last night, and i fell asleep with my contacts in so my eyes are messed up today.

 yay for tomorrow. i get to go see scary movie 3 with liz. its going to be great. i cant wait. and i'm rhyming too!

 I HATE WAITING!!! waiting for karina to get here. waiting for parents to leave. waiting for anyone to come online.

 come on now. stupid parents. why dont u just leave already!?

 hank cleaned the basement. woo hoo! now we dont have to live in filth.

 karina keeps lying to me!! she was sopposed to come over at 1:00 and now its 3:20 and shes still not here. i had another fight with my dad today. what a surprise! it was about tonight. he thinks i'm going to have some sort of huge party while they are at the wedding but really, i dont plan on having that many people over. and since karina doesent seem to be coming over, then i will probably just have jeremy over. thats about it. i called him and hes napping now. and as soon as my parents leave and i figure out when they're getting back, i will probably call him back. so thats my day. and if that doesent work out then i dont know what i'm going to do tonight. but my dad's being so stupid. he thinks i'm going to have a huge party with like 20 people. i dont even know that many people! well actually i do, but still i dont plan on throwing a party. and my dad's threatening me and he told me to go to hell and some other stuff like that. and he says hes getting bob's parents to look out for cars in our driveway. god! my parents are so paranoid. so yeah...i'm waiting for karina to get over here and i bet shes not coming. and i called lani, but shes with volleyball people. and i am yet again bored. plus stevens not here either. he has work till 9 and then hes going to a party. but hey, that might be a good thing. no parents, no steven, no dzaiadziu. just me. home alone for the night. and my parents are going to ruin my plans because they refuse to tell me when they're coming back! ahhh! i bet i will end up doing absolutely nothing tonight. because whenever i try to make plans things always mess up and i dont know what i'm doing now. wasting my day away..waiting for karina...and she wont answer her cell phone. eh...so stresed out right now.

 today jeremy's away at an anime convention. lucky him! he always talks about how much fun it is to go to one of those. i'm happy for him. oh did i ever write that he asked me out "officially." it was the greatest feeling. such an awesome feeling. i am so much happier now that we are together. life is good! i couldnt stop smiling after he asked me and i said yes. and i was just so happy! and now i am finally thinking happy thoughts...thats good, i'll finally be able to fall asleep. goodnight bloggy. : )

 ...its late like 1:00am. or should i be saying that it's early? well anyway, i'm tired. i tried to sleep but i just cant. I have these stupid problems where i just overthink everything. my mind wont ever stop and its getting so annoying. I hate what people from our group keep telling me... that i've changed and i'm paranoid about everything, which may be true, but i dont know what to do about that. i've been really paranoid about everything lately and i think about that and i just cant find a reason which also adds to my over-thinking mind. I just needed to come online and write down what i'm thinking. it could be helping me keep my mind steady, or it could be making things worse. i'm really disappointed with my blog lately. I havent been writing what i usually do. like i write too much in school and when i do that i cant really get the things i want down on my blog. today has been strange...more over-thinking things. i came home from school with karina and she left to ryans house while i went to christine's house to work on a tree class project. but me and karina made plans, that she was going to come back to my house at like 6 or 6:30. but she never did, and she didnt answer her cell phone either. and we were sopposed to have a sleepover. and i dont know whats going on with her. why was she at ryan's for so long? eh, i dont really know anything. but back to today's activities. i came back from christines and sat at home for a while, alone for like 3 hours or thats what it felt like. eventually, steven got back from workand a ton of people came over. it was like summer again. we had one of our old basement smash parties with like 10 people over. and it was great! i played so well today. i won a match against steven, hank, and travis. thats pretty good...right? yeah.so i was in my basement for the rest of the night. travis got a lot of humping done with lauren! oh it was so funny. i love it when they do something like that...something that makes me laugh so hard that i cant breathe. its fun! unless i suffocate..but at least i'd die happy. 1:10 am now. still, i dont want to sleep. i will end up sitting awake in my bed for a while, and that wont be fun. i cant believe this. out of the 88 people on my buddy list, there is not one person online. where the hell is everyone?! hey, this post is really long. i think that i will start a new one.

 heh...dont u love my confusing poems? wrote them myself, i didnt copy off of song lyrics or other crap like other people's blogs. i'm so unique : ) damn...i am so incredibly bored tonight. went to christine's house down the street....and now i am done with her and waiting for anyone who wants to get over here, which at the moment is bob. i need to talk to him about his mental problems...poor bob, he doesent belong there. and that karina!! ditched me for ryan! she was sopposed to come over and now i have no clue where she is. and she wont answer her cell, so i left 2 messages...! no jeremy tonight..oh, i'm so jealous, hes probably having so much fun at his anime thing today. but at least i'll get to see him tomorrow...plus i get to go clean the fox river with karina and some hippies! wheee. where are my parents? where is everyone??? got home and no one is here, no karina, no lani, no steven, NO ONE!!! i'm soo lonely. : ( hopefully karina will be spending the night here..if i ever find out where she is...i hope shes not lost...or got raped in the forest...eeew. poor karina. i think i will go and call her now for the third time, and maybe wait for bob to get here...

 In my eyes, you're beautiful what does it matter, what everyone else thinks? What do you think? Believe me, you are spectacular your inner beauty is so strong that I can see it on the outside everything about you is so wonderful I wouldn't change a thing You're perfect the way you are whether happy or sad I can always see that beauty inside you

 anxiety is taking over i cant help but wonder whats going on inside you that blank stare in your eyes makes me wonder wonder what you're feeling because your expressions wont show it but if i look deep inside your eyes I can see pain, anger, sadness the same things that i see inside myself we're so similar, You and I

 when you hate yourself it seems that others hate you too whether or not it is true

 bored...paulina is here...again...! since Lori is bored, I shal be typing a post for today!everybody screamsand runs away :'( (tear) But anywyas, yesterday was much fun with Lori and the rest of the gang, and I found it funny when we saw steven and his gang. hehe, I feel so bad for Ryan and Bob!!! he is not mental..wellmaybe in a different scense...and Ryan! I hope you feel better! just think about something GREEN WITH WHITE POKADOTS!!! ok,enouph nonscense from me,Lori take over.. thanks pauly..yeah, we went to the thrift store yesterday and we looked for something for ryan(green w/ white dots!) but we were unsuccessful....our misssion has failed. :( sad. i'm sorry ryan!!! we miss you here at school. GET WELL SOON!!!!! -from paulina and lori****

 i had loads of fun today. after school me paulina, patricia, and megan went to paulinas house for a while...then to the thrift store, then to around the corner candy, then to starbucks(where we saw steven and friends) and finally to the movie theatre where we saw KILL BILL. somethings going wrong with me today. i have been having this terrible pain in my stomach today...its not hunger, i ate a lot today...but its been hurting for hours now...dammit, i'm going to die...and poor bob is being brainwashed with his stupid mental hospital thing that he doesent need to go to and his parents are nuts. but anyway..its late i'm going off to bed. hopefully my stomache will stop killing me...owww it hurts so bad....

 oooh! this weekend is going to be so fun! no parents on saturday night! hehe. and no dzaiadziu either!!! paulina: dont do anything i would....which is everything! hehe...yeah, thats right. paulina is here again because i'm writing in my blog in school again. I havent found time to do it at home anymore...too many people keep talking to me online! yesterday i had lani, karina, megan, bob, hank, frank, and steven over. We all watched their skating videos and poor ryan! he had such a big fall! and i'm sad because i guess hes in surgery today. i want to go and visit him..... yesterday was so much fun...girls night out!!! me, lani, karina, megan all went to the rock quarry when it was dark...and there were 2 bags of popcorn to be eaten! It was a bit scary, we went to the top of the ridge and into the forest and we saw four guys at the other side of the lake. and it was dark so we couldnt really tell how old they were. heh...i was acting really crazy yesterday...we looked at the stars and i saw the constellation that me and jeremy made up over the summer....then i saw a shooting star! and i had an awesome night. and we watched phone booth and I am Sam that night too. what a great day to get out of school early! plus me and karina ate a lot of yummy food while megan and lani took a nap. mac and cheese...ice cream...rice crispy's treats. and maybe there was more...heh! i am not sure!

 i've noticed that Steven has some relationship problems. because yeterday i got home from jeremy's house and steven was sitting on th couch with mel...and this confuses me, because he was with deanna earlier that day!! paulina: your a player steve!! thats right paulina....i think steven needs to get a girlfriend and fast!! paulina: u better settle down with 1 woman before you strat making babies!! lol! yeah......so i'm in my boring 1st hour keyboarding class right now. but its almost over,so i'm happy! i'll be heading off to 2nd hour and i'm kinda scared because sean will there....and lastnight he insisted on asking me a lot of interesting questions so now hes going to be giving me provocative looks from across the room!! OH NO!! gotta go to 2nd hour now. byebyes!

 heya! i'm in keyboarding class yet again... and i havent written in mr. blog for a while so i am writing now! paulina has something to say... hello, this is apulina, haha..I am going to take the job of Loris brain today. yay for all! yes,I know Lori, this is messeg up keyboarding style for me! but you should try it, it beats the hell outtaya! boo ja grandma! ok, thats enouph retardness for me today.... beck to Lori *over* thanks for your addition to my blog paulina!:D

 i'm in keyboarding right now....and so is paulina!!! PAULINA: is soo freaken retarted! woopti freaken doo! I am soooooo happy today!! Iworked things out with jeremy and we are both friends again...and i feel sort of bad for not giving him a chance yesterday morning to talk to me..... oh damn... i can be a jerk sometimes. ....ummmm...and now i am going to get offline...off to 2nd hour for some english and reading and possibly sleeping...zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.......

 I am in school right now....its fun! i am sitting next to my new best friend sean and kelly. sean: I'm afraid to catch the pregnant!!!! oh sean..ur so funny i just completed a fun essay for english about people...and sean wrote about pencils, and mel is here too. she wrote about reincarnation.

 sitting in my basement...working on tree project...talking online....typing in blog...thinking about too much stuff at once....

 i never thought it was possible to be this angry....angry and disappointed. dont you hate it when you make plans with someone, get excited for it, then get ditched. i should have expected this. i should have known not to get my hopes up and i did....and now i am disappointed again... i think everyone reading this will know what i'm talking about.. i just got so pissed off...i took a walk to a forest and just sat there..crying. thinking about people and how mean they can be.

 its time for some crimping...i am going to crimp all of my hair today. i feel the need to be different today.

 ANGRY ANGRY!!!!!! why am i always so angry??? i think i know why...because when i am happy i act like a douche and embarrass myself....for me, anger is good in small amounts. anger is like wine....a little is good for you, but too much is bad.

 everyone is angry lately...like, i'm always angry. so thats nothing new. but now everyone is angry and its making me even more angry than usual. and when everyone is angry and i'm more angry than usual, then i am mean to people. SO WOULD EVERYONE JUST BE HAPPY AGIAIN BEFORE I MAKE THINGS WORSE????????????

 "I'll talk to you soon" means "I'll talk to u in a few hours"

 i just had the most confusing day of my life...or at least thats how it seemed. i guess steven's really pissed at me because i like to go places with him....sorry for loving you steven. and i am just so confused about everything going on, people are saying things about me, and steven seems to be hating me, and ryan says that i've changed...but i dont see how that is..have i changed in a good or bad way? everyone changes. thats how life is, especially me, i change a lot over short periods of time. and now i am online trying to talk to people but everyone has their stupid away messages on and i dont like it. steven needs to calm down once in a while, he needs to just ignore the fact that i'm there with him and have a good time. thats what i try to do. i was sopposed to go to chicago today, but things didnt work out...again. i knew it! my plans never go as expected. i was sopposed to be with paulina yesterday and i wasnt...i didnt even go to the skate park. and today was chicago, but that didnt work out either. so i am pretty much expecting sunday and monday to go stupidly... i wish i could just do what i planned for myself and not be constantly disappointed by everyone!!! i saw laura browder at monicas today. it was really fun to see her again...last time i saw her was on the last day of school. i had fun tonight, except for the confusion. but i had a great day, i am happy and maybe a little bit sad. i ate a lot today and hopefully i'll gain weight because i looked at myself in the mirror today and i didnt like what i saw...not just the disgusting skinnnyness, but everything. today is so strange and i cant even explain it. like...i had an awesome day. spending time with lani and karina was really fun. it was the most fun that i'd had in a while.... then monicas house was really fun too..but the things that people were saying just made me upset..and then i felt angry at a lot of people and i have stupid stupid feelings about everything.

 urlLink Lanis boring blog urlLink Karina's sad blog... urlLink Steven's pointless blog urlLink Ryans fun blogg urlLink Lauren's Stripid dots

 i went to wendy's twice today. first time was with lani and frank. then i went with john. he was hungry, i was bored...worked out for everyone. i had a really boring day at school today. nothing interesting happened, nothing new, nothing exciting...just a simple boring day at school. tomorrow will be fun though, i have plans with paulina and if that doesent work then i have a backup plan...yeya! so if for some reason paulina cant come over, i'll be going with the guys to the skate park. i love having backup plans...that way i wont have to worry about being disappointed. so many plans this weekend. Friday--paulina/ skate park Saturday--possiblility of chicago Sunday--allyse's house( no parents) possibility of a party Monday--potential jeremy plans of course....anything happening between saturday and monday could easily go wrong and i'll be left alone as usual, but i'll hope for the best.

 heh..karina writes some fun stuff in her blog. there was a fight between her and jeremy last night...and eveyone was like.." lori is way more obsessed with jeremy than karina is with ryan" so jeremy was all weird because i guess i'm too clingy. but thats me..i cant help it, i dont try to be like that, its just how i am. i just want to spend time with the people that i like, and jeremy is one of those people. heh..stressful day, i talked to jeremy about it though. i promissed to try not to be like that again. i will try, so that things will be better for both of us. nothing to do today. lani would usually be over, but she has her v-ball game and steven is at chorus. home alone.....until parents come back. i wish they would just leave so we could have people over without parents, like how it was during the summer. i miss the summer. and yet, if it was summer then i would miss school. school sucked today...i was way too tired. i took an hour long sleep in geometry 'cause the teacher is going over slopes of lines and all this stuff i already know. i'll be gone all day tomorrow...i have tree class field trip that will last all day. oh :( i dont want to miss the whole day. only 3rd and 4th hour...I WANT FLEX BLOCK!



 today was messed up! i spent the whole day in my house, watching movies. then lani, karina, frank, and bob come and we decide to go for some tp-ing........and good lord!! we got hanks house so bad! i am very pleased with myself. :) so then we went for a hell trip to jeremy's house, but he wasnt there. then to lanis house, then to ryans house. and we stood in his driveway for a long long time. then jeremy showed up, and i hate everyone for making him angry, but i hope everything is alright now....EVERYONE LOVES JEREMY!!!!!!even hank...... he is jeremy's biggest fan!! yeya! and i guess i was sopposed to be home at 11 but i got home at 12:15. and my dad said that he was going to "kick my ass" but when i got home he was in bed so i just had a talk with my mom and we ended up wrestling and i got a few hits in..but were ok now.... my parents wouldnt punish me. why would they when steven is still outside somewhere...at 12:45!!! GOD, THIS HOUSE IS CRAZY.

 oooooo! i had the best day...EVER! early realease, then going home with lani and frank. stopping at wendys and seeing so many people was super fun...jeremy, john, mallory, blonde girl, other girl, other girl...heh, i dont know names! so after that me and lani and frank were at my house. everyone left to the dashboard concert leaving me and lani there for a while. we went to her house and back to my house again. then jeremy came over..yeya! so lani left to meet her volleyball tping buddies and i went to jeremy's. we were there alone for a bit, then a group of people came over and i got to know some of his friends, who are all really cool people!! i had to leave early though...but who cares! i just had so much fun today! and the fun doesent end there! i still have to watch ghost world. aka: the best movie on earth. so thats my fabulous friday! it was great.

 wowee...i am so bored...boredboredbored. i wish my online buddies would talk to me..14 people online and the only good one is johnathon117...but at least now i have him to keep me company.

 oh wow, tomorrow is friday...the beginning of another weekend. i hope this weekend turns out better than the last one. homecoming is on saturday! and i'm still glad to not be going...i really couldnt see myself there. according to lani...we are having a "no homecoming" night with the people not going to homecoming. yay! how fun. i think it would be me, lani, karina, ryan, frank...and whoever else would want to join us. but i'm not going to get excited for it...i wont let myself be excited for anything. whenever i think that i'm going to have a good day it turns out bad, when i think that i'm going to have a bad day, it turns out good! so if my theory is correct...i think that i will have a bad day tomorrow, and hopefully it will turn out good. happiness comes at random for me...sometimes that can be a really great thing. but other times its not so good... i dont think anyone is going to understand what i just wrote. and if someone DID understand that, well then thats wonderful!!

 first day of october...and there was frost on the ground this morning and it was cold...too cold! i had a pretty good day today.although i missed flex block i still had some fun on my tree class field trip..we visited a nursery. theres nothing more exciting than that!!! haha but at least i got wendy's for lunch, and wow...i ate soo much food there. two orders of 5-piece chicken a medium order of fries a medium frosty and they made a mistake and doubled my order!!! so much food...i didnt eat all of the doubled order but i ate about 15 pieces of chicken today. plus the fries and the frosty. and at the moment i am eating a personal cheese pizza from pizza hut!! all that grease and fat better add weight to my scrawny self. today was another spirit day for DCHS. i guess i was sopposed to be wearing orange, but of course i didnt....why would i have an orange shirt? my clothes consist of black and red...NO ORANGE!! the juniors got to wear green, now that would have worked out better for me..i have a green tank top. ...jeremy was wearing a green hoody today. i dont think i'm seen him wear a hoody before, but he looked really good in it. even more attractive than he usually looks...he doesnt believe me when i tell him that, but its true. especially today, he just looked so good! tomorrow is super hero day and i'll be wearing my trusty superman shirt, i wish that i could be more creative with the super heros, way too many people will be wearing a superman shirt, but i dont have anything else, so i'll wear it. i'm happy today! thats good. its because i got to go to jeremy's last night. i'm always happy after i've been with him.

 i feel sick..........

 i am way too bored today....look at me! i'm singing bout lucky charms!

 hearts stars horeshoes, clovers and blue moons, pots of gold and rainbows, and the red balloons.

 its the christmas shopping season....damn....that means more money out of the bank account.....i will force myself to keep it at least 1,000 dollars. its cold outside...but i dont have a coat so i will have to think warmly.

 i tried the game...and it sucked..

 mwaa ha ha! i stole all of bobs lucky charms!

 i'm bored and at home....why wont someone please come over!?

 hard to notice what is passing by

 i think i'm going to go try out stevens new tony hawk game.....

 i refuse to spend any time with dan arednt.....

 i wish school would just come back already...i dont think i can handle one more weekend day.

 the way some people are...its hard for me to trust anyone.

 stupid dan arednt stole my friends with his movie star good looks....

 so....my parents leave for their friends house this morning....i talk to them on the phone at about 7:30...they say, "we're on our way home" ok, well the current time is 12:17 and they are still gone...hmmm

 I AM TOO SKINNY!!!

 today is another one of those pointless days where we do nothing but play video games in my basement..... not really fun at all. i want to go to the mall and do some christmas shopping and i need some long-sleeve shirts for me self...i am going to spend so much money...its riddiculous.

 i am in love with my new blog colors.

 its all really.....pointless??? yeah, whats the point of it all? we're born, we have our adolescence, our adulthood, we deal with shit from everyone during the process of growing up. yes, its true that we have good experiences on the way, but in the long run...its all pointless. we go through friendships...we try to keep in touch with the good ones but in the end...somehow everyone finds a way to let you down. and once we are old and are looking back upon our lives, what have we really accomplished? Nothing.

 so today really really sucks....i spent all morning doing absolutely nothing...lani, hank, bob, frank, jeremy are over and still we're doing nothing. then i leave for food with jeremy and when i get back i find out that everyone has left to go to the mall....why couldnt they have thought up of something while i was still there? and the worst part is that jeremy was going to the mall and he could have taken me there and no one bothered to call me and invite me along and it all just sucks....7:10 right now...curfew isnt until midnight and i am stuck here....i wish my best friends would be a bit more friendly...

 i think i've figured out how to change font and color of mr bloggy! yay!

 lani and karina! i'm sorry for ditching you!! i love you!

 i am at lani's house on her dads spiffy lap top which is currently being a jerk and wont let me see my buddy list. and we ate pumpkin pie and lani wrestled me and pinned me to her bed....... eep!

 mmmmm.....free shampoo samples are fun, they make my hair feel so soft and smooth!

 my dad gave me a lecture about how no one will ever want to marry me because i cant cook.......................................................my dad is an idiot

 damn you karina!!!!!!!!!! i am so jealous...she gets to go and eat thanksgiving dinner at lani's dads house and i want to come to!!!!!!!

 yet i am home alone for some reason..............

 ohdrugs: Happy turkey slotter day! (says paulina)

 waiting

 i feel bad for the pillows i am angry...so i beat up my pillow...and now it is lying on my bedroom floor crying... poor pillows

 i have really ugly nails

 i got the new linkin park cd yesterday....mmmmmm goood music!



 waiting for mommy to get home so i can see if she'll drive me to jeremy's

 in my 2nd hour boredom...i seem to write alot of stuff

 you are everything to me you saved me from myself saved me from my sadness my depressions the lonely feelings inside me you took me out of the box i was locked in you showed me happiness you showed me sorrow you showed me everything a new range of emotions a new life a new beginning you opened up a door for me i feel different i feel happy

 i love happy couples.....the couples list is complete once again! - lani and frank - lori and jeremy - lauren and travis - lisa and steven - karina and ryan woah...theres alot of girls with L in their first name....except karina....crrrazzy mexican.

 be strong live long hold in tears have no fears feel your emotions lock them in shedding tears shows the weakness within be brave be strong dont cry on his shoulder your shoulder is ment to be cried on

 theres a cell phone coming for me! the cell phone is cummmm

 my least favorite holiday...the day i am forced to eat a bird at a big table with my parents...and steven..and dzaidaiu and dzuitka. but u know....the rest of the night will be fun and theres no school...at least we get that

 damn...i am getting into the habit of writing short and pointless blog entries

 this weekend has gone by so fast............and this week will go by soo fast too! three days!

 sean compares me to the girl in his book that cuts herself......hmmm

 lani gave me her afi cd that she didnt want! hurray i love it

 people insist on telling me their problems

 i think me and jeremy are going to paulinas house sometiime this week..thats so awesome, i havent gotten to spend time with her since kill bill. and we'll get to see her house and its so awesome i cant wait!

 i had an awesome friday. bobs band played at the battle of the bands and they won and they were so awesome and there was an after party and everything was just so much fun. and i got to see mel, monica, and emily and it was just so fun. i am a bit perplexed however....gaylen seems to have the hots for me or something, he gave me his cell phone number and asked me to call him and wow...he called me hot and its just kind-of weird because i dont think i am plus i just met him and i dont think he really likes me...i think hes just horney. so yeah...i am just i little confused...I DONT UNDERSTAND!!! right now frank is at his house and his sister is having a b-day party and frank is surrounded by a bunch of 8th graders so hes coming over to get away from the chaos.

 i'm glad ryan finally revealed the date of his heart surgery.

 - stupid people - myself - those damn ghettos! - ashley barreiro - people who call me an IDIOT! - steven...when he makes me late to school - my dad...sometimes...a lot... - devin zucco - the fact that i am an extream perfectionist - theres a lot more to put here...most of it involves myslef and #2 basically sums it up so i am done.

 i am such a stupid person

 i went to Dr. Forbes today. and i saw my new geomatry friend ashley there.

 me and mel had a really interesting conversation in gym today...as we do everyday. so we were talking about how most people go through a stage in their life when they want to commit suicide, or it was at least true for both of us. like, i went through that this summer...when i stayed locked up inside my room and i never came out and i hated everyone and i hated all of my friends who never called and i just wanted to die. of course i didnt really do it, i would never be brave enough to do that to myself, but the thought of it definately went through my mind several times. but now i am so happy....everything has changed, and it all started when i met jeremy and he started to invite me places with everyone else. so hank and ryan want me to be how i was at the beginning of the summer? well i dont think so, i dont want to be like that ever again in my life, no matter what they say.

 i really hate geometry.....it is so boring and i always fall asleep in that class as i did today. i wake up like 30 min later and the teacher is talking about something that i dont really know or care about. then i hear my name and i was spacing out and didnt know what was going on, so she got pissed because it is "an honors class full of bright people" and people like me who sleep in class dont belong there or some other bullshit...i wasnt really listening. but because of me, she assigns homework for the entire class and yeah....really embarrassing and theres these really smart people who hate me because i dont pay attention to the teacher. ----the end

 i hate it when people call me an IDIOT. i know what i am.....i dont need to be reminded every day, especially by the people that i think are my friends.

 so i am at frank's house with him and lani. its 9:30 and i am sopposed to be home. they are watching a tv thing that wont be over till 10:00 and lani doesent want to drive me home. so i call my dad and ask if he will let me stay out till 10....he says no and that he is going to pick me up....well alright then, that doesent matter....so we're in the car...hes telling me how i shouldnt go anywhere on weekdays...i should just come home after school and stay there. it led to yelling and he slams on the brakes and punches me real hard in the arm. yeah...i am a bit angry right now.

 damn....theres some crrrazzy people in this world....

 oh shit....5 hours of sleep because i decided to go online....goodnight

 for some reason... everyone seems to go to me to talk about their problems...i guess that means i am a good listener. u know, people dont listen to me so i might as well listen to them. but if feels good that people can count on me as someone that they can talk to.

 i miss diana

 eat food and become fat...

 i think i may have found something to do

 i hate myself...everyone hates how i turned out and everyone keeps telling me that i've changed and i am sick of it. i am never happy with myself....i am such a bad friend and i dont know what to do with myself anymore. it seems like all the people that i've been friends with in the past have let me down. and i miss my old best friends...the ones who i thought i would be friends with forever...like diana and michele and ashley. then two of them move and ashley...well, she just changed into something i didnt want to be friends with. then i call karina today and shes like driving people around and is too busy to pick me up and shes in sleepy hollow...it wouldnt be that hard to just come to my house. people wonder why i have changed so much... the reason is that i am unhappy with myself. i want to be different. i want to be liked and i want to like myself. i am just trying to find myself...

 i hate days like today...where i am doing absolutely nothing and i am too stupid to go call anyone. and everyone is a bitch to me like my friends. and now i realized why i dont keep friends for very long, good friends are hard to find. there are too many bad people in the world.

 people piss me off

 steven always threatens to never drive me to school again....yet i have been getting that same threat for the last month and still get drives to school. but its funny cuz my parents force him to drive me. i seem to be getting a lot of threats lately. from steven and my dad and mom. like how my dad thinks its threatening to have my mom buy christmas presents this year. i dont see that as a threat. so now my house is completely empty except for me and i dont know why no one is here.....I'M SO ALONE!!!!

 so yesterday was the hotel party that i wasnt invited to...but hey i had fun. its not like i was un-wanted by anyone....except steven, but thats only 1 person. a lot of fun stuff happened..... hank fights steven....jeremy fights bob....bob fights everyone at the party (hehe) and he fought jessica...a game of grabbing. that was interesting. ; ) so yeah...i didnt end up going to the movies which sucks...but i want to make plans with paulina sometime after school this week. but i cant really trust myself to make plans for anything. things never turn out the way i want them to.

 i hate stupid people....especially myself

 i am sooooooo happy....happier than i have ever felt before. life is sweeet!

 Brunette366: i am going out with jeremy james..i dont think u would know him Brunette366: hes a junior BumpSetSpike089: is he cute BumpSetSpike089: my brother is going to get his year book.....i'll tell u if i think her's cute Brunette366: lol...i think hes sexy, but i dont know if u would think hes cute Brunette366: but whatever..looks dont really matter to me BumpSetSpike089: y would u go out with him if he wasn't cute Brunette366: because he has a good personality BumpSetSpike089: i am going out with a senior ...quarterback of the football team Brunette366: and hes a great person Brunette366: so....u go for guys with the looks then BumpSetSpike089: oh ..yeah BumpSetSpike089: i always have

 karina....is an intentional stick

 ryan and hank: lori. u have become lani, i want the old lori back. i want the lori from summer back.

 dear blog...tis the last day of our 5 1/2 day weekend. it seems a bit depressing. cloudy, rainy, and karina wont answer her cell so we wont be able to complete our shopping spree until tomorrow. but for now...my day was great. i got to go to jeremy's house this morning. but i want to stab myself for waking up so late. i wanted to wake at 9, but then i slept till 12 and wasted my morning.

 it is about 11:04am right now...i think that i am going to jeremy's house this morning at 1. so that i can spend some time with him before he goes to work. then i dont know what i am doing. i think i will be calling karina or lani....but lani doesent have her cell and i have no idea what her home #'s are.

 johns birthday was really fun. i got dropped off at his house by lani and i was late.....stupid lani!.......hehe last one to arrive, but anyway...we were at his house for a while and then we went to wendy's for dinner. i got a fun kirby toy in my kids meal so i gave it to jeremy. yep, so then the movie, Matrix revolutions, which has to be the worst movie i've ever seen in my life. then back to johns house for cake, jeremy sang a wonderful song! and then we left....a good night all in all.

 lani is asleep in my basement on the couch....isnt she sopposed to be with frank?

 I've gone to find myself......

 what was wrong with me yesterday? i was acting so different...i made 3 death threats and i had a crazy swearing problem.

 dont pay attention to me....i dont deserve it

 all my troubles seemed so far away.... ya...got out of school early. went to wendy's with everyone and i had a good time. jeremy was there too, with john. and we ate, had fun, watched steven rape everyone but me....thank god i am safe! yep..so i was expecting to have a really great day but i didnt....ha, the system works. whenever i look forward to something..it turns out bad. and i looked forward to lanis dad NOT coming home so that we could __________ at her house....but things just didnt work out. so we were sort of in my basement all night, and like...i wanted to spend time with jeremy so i had him over...but he must have been bored out of his mind and i dont understand....just being there together should have been fun for him. but everyone was stupid and didnt want to go anywhere or do anything and like...i just had a really shitty night. i really wanted to spend time with jeremy but i didnt really get to do that. so jessica and monica and mel came over eventually...jessica sometimes is very scary-looking. and she gave me a hug then said she wanted a lesbian girlfriend. i dont understand!!! so now i am sitting here online very early in the morning. lani i think went back to sleep and karina is gone somewhere. to get her drivers licence. then we get to go to woodfield. but i am not going to get excited for it, if i do then i will just somehow get let down again. no one is online. i was hoping for john, because i am sopposed to go with him and some others to see the matrix revolutions and i dont know what time we are going, where we are going, or how i am getting there. most likely a ride from either john or jeremy. yeah...at least i'll be able to have fun tonight, unlike last night...ew. if lanis dad would have not come home....it just would have been so much fun, but he did, and it was boring. then i had to go and worry about everyone else being bored too....why the hell should i worry about everyone else.....i dont know...i am a good person...i think....a bit stupid....but good intentions.

 a lot going on this month...a new calendar has been made and we must obey all of our made-up holidays....examples. anti-mexican day fake prom night---lose ur virginity raging teen hormones night tribute to bob's sanity johns crrraazzzy movie night piecyk house lock-in and much much more!!! well....bob, lani, ryan, steven, and lisa are in the other room...i better get over there!

 what happened to the smash parties? where did they go? when will they be back? why cant they come back? we should have one this weekend...on our long 5 1/2 day weekend. and our new seating arrangement should please everyone.

 (a comment by lori...talking about her dad) he wanted to eat

 dammit...the disease has spread to me now.....cough cough.....it was worth it.

 school today rocked....rocked very hard. new classes are fun and different. actually gym sucks...but sean and mel are in there with me so that makes it a whole lot nicer. then i get art class which is my new favorite! hmmm...jeremy is sick today....poor boy. and hes at gamestop contaminating the world of gamers!! tee hee he... good job....spread the disease. lol, i am having too much fun with this.

 grrr lani!!! i hate you right now....thanks for coming to my house and leaving me alone with jeremy ardnt!!!! he got bored fast and left after like only 30 min. he had a "jam session" with bob ans steven. but i think he was really hoping to see you. haha...and i left two messages plus like 30 calls on ur cell phone...have fun with that u dirty whore!!!

 i am liking my blog lately have you read the new description of my blog?

 and i realized a lot of things... like one of the reasons that i am so attached to jeremy. and i cant believe myself...and why it took me until today to realize it. but everyone will be able to tell me that in the beggining of the summer i was really messed up. i would lock myself in my room all day, i would never call my friends. even if they called me, i would make up an excuse not to go hang out with them. i was a really angry person. then jeremy comes around. he invites me to come along with him and the rest of the group. and for once i am begining to feel happier than i've ever felt in a long long time. i've become a much different person because of him. and what he did for me was one of the best things that anyone could ever do. he was able to change the type of person that i was...from a bad to good. that is a really good quality for him to have. so i will always have a strong attachment to him for that...one that i couldnt have for anyone else. now i am happy!

 lani and lauren are awake!! yey!

 i finally learned how to make links!! thank you karina!!!

 i am still at lanis house...i slept on the couch..fun times. umm..yeah, at the moment lani and lauren are sleeping together in the same bed...ooo lala. who knows what could be going on there! yep, so me and karina are awake and we had icecream for breakfast and now i feel like a fat ass! i like lanis dad. hes funny! i am having a wonderous time here. jeremy...i think i was planning on hanging out with him last night, but i dont think he called back or something. but he was probably out at parties or video games, or whatever it is that he does. i dont even know! but i am too tired right now to think. lauren is going to take me to jo-anne's fabrics and we are going to buy fabrics so we can make pillows. And i am going to but lots of thread so that i can knit everyone a scarf for christmas this year. so far i am making one for karina, lani, lauren, and i am not sure who else wants one. so if you want a lori-scarf, please...done hesitate to tell me.

 Its halloween and i havent done a single halloween-related activity. I went to the mall with lani, lauren, and karina...and now i am at lanis house typing while the rest bake cookies. i cant cook! here are some poems. THE POTATO CONVENTION potatoes are like roses they make me warm in my toses soop, salad, mashed, baked. mmmmm.... (a poem by lauren) WILL DO IT??? will you do it in the park? yes. i will do it in many places. in the park in the dark on noah's ark with a shark! i will do it anywhere! with a bird..or a bear what will i wear? only underwear! i will do it many places will you do it too? (poem by lauren & lori)

 i wrote a lot today.....i wrote most of it in anger. i cried alot today, over something not ment to be cried over. and i feel like shit.....because i am an idiot and i dont know what to do i made bad choices....but only realized them after it was too late.

 i hate myself for crying. for being so stupid i didnt know what to do!!!!!! god, the pain is so intense fuck you!!! i spent my entire day waiting for you!!! why do you have to cause me so much pain!?!? the fact that you made me feel like this makes me never want to see you again. i want to put you through pain. how you put me through pain. but i will forgive you because i'm stupid.

 i want to leave, i want to run. far away..........

 emotion....the curse of being a woman its funny......how the one person that makes you so full of happiness will also be the one to fill you with the most sadness you'll ever know.

 bitch.

 i feel the urge to kill........if there was no laws against murder......oh there would be alot of deaths.

 life's a bitch.. it doesent just let you be happy. you have to work for it if you sit around on your ass, you wont be happy you have to do something to make yourself happy look for it, because it wont come looking for you and if it unexpectedly finds you, consider yourself lucky it tries to teach you alot...pay attention and you'll learn

 whoa. new years eve is coming in quickly. i have a slight idea of where i'll be during that time, but i have no guarantees.

 where have all the flowers gone?

 ahhh.....without my family over my things really HAVE gone back to normal. my dad stopped pretending to be nice...but thats the same with everyone else in my family. and i finally get to stop making fake smiles for family pictures. i wasnt fooling anyone.

 i cried last night....and i dont even know why

 finally the cousins are gone and life will return to normal.....but i'm not so sure if that will be a good thing.......people piss me off sometimes........news spreads quickly........and nothing can be kept as a secret, not in this group.

 damn father took away my text messages!

 me and lauren made a brilliant discovery yesterday...... ~guys are assholes when they are around their friends

 todays one of the days that i get really angry and depressed because i have absolutely nothing to do. jeremy isnt answering his phone....but then again i think hes at work right now. anyway, karina has no way of getting out here, and lani is doing some sort of family thing and i might have to walk over to her house. so ryan is out of the hospital and doing good. i am glad that everything went well in the surgery.

 last night was perplexing. the whole family went to nicks pizza, me and jeremy met them there. then off they went to see lord of the rings leaving me and jeremy to go......elsewhere. there was an unexpected arrival of hank, frank, lani, and streb at my house and for some reason they knew the garage code. so they barge into my house at an unwanted time......it was all really crazy stuff. so i go outside to say goodnight to jeremy , then streb is crawling around the bushes on his hands and knees watching us. but the time in between nicks pizza and the arrival of lani and co. was excellent.....oh yes it was grand. hehe

 i went to medievel times today with the family. it was more fun than i expected. me and cousin, sharon, were yelling for the man on the horse to throw us some flowers and we each got one. then steven flashed the horseman and squeezed his nipples and he got a flower too! hehe

 i got a new cell phone today. my number is 1-847-476-6006 i would greatly apprieciate it if my loyal blog readers would call me! now i need to go and get some christmas turkey dinner. toodles!

 merry christmas everyone!!!

 i get to celebrate christmas with my family....plus three jews. excellent

 today was a bored/family day. i spent the morning watching the movie jeremy got me, pirates of the carribean, with jacob. then boredom, then karina came over and we exchanged gifts. she got me red hot chilli peppers cd and i got her a green zip-up hoodie. then we went over to bobs, gave him his gift. went to franks, gave him some boxers ( and we got a strip show as a thank-you for the gift) there was much "shaftie" and it was quite intersting to see all of those pubies. then we visited ry guys house and i met his dad for the first time and he is awesome and i want to share him with ryan. now i am waiting for the family to finish watching terminator3 so that we can start on lord of the rings2. it will be my 5th movie of christmas break. christmas presents tomorrow morning!!! and hopefully i'll get a cel phone yay!

 my scedual is filling up to the ceiling!

 chicago tomorrow with the family, we get museum fun and ed debevics for a yummy dinner. and it all starts out with a delicious richard walkers breakfast.

 so this saturday is planned for dinner at nicks pizza. yummmmmm

 me and lani exchanged gifts today. i think the thong i got her may come in handy because when she came over she wasnt wearing any underwear and she kinda looked like a prostitute. she had an overload of makeup. it was lmost sexy...in a lesbianic way. she got me lots of chocolate....and best of all, dark chocolate! plus socks, a brown t-shirt, and black eye-liner! hurray i approve of these gifts.

 my pupils are huge today!! they are so incredibly large that people think i'm some kind of drug addict. maybe i am....i did have quite a large amount of cold pills today. mmm cold pills.....

 i like that one

 no alone time with jeremy for 5 days makes loris go crazy. i am spazzing out and i want him right now! in my bed. oh that would be nice, but now i am starting to sound like karina so i better stop...........................sex sex sex....its like a mixture of karina and steven but karina has actually done it and steven just really wishes that he could.

 but i will continue because i like it that way

 oh yes, i purposely try to make my life seem more pathetic than it really is. i actually love both of my parents very very much. i am just asking for pity from my peers.

 fun and excitement for me today. i am going to the mall with my friend caitlin from jacobs. i'm getting last minute christmas shopping done and i plan to visit jeremy while i'm there of course. oh its going to be great. i havent seen her for so long and it will be great to spend time together again. and then theres cousins coming from california tomorrow. fun times fun times. this week is going to be awesome for me. and christmas too! even though i am not sure if i'm getting anything for christmas this year. but theres always the hope.

 i took a look at bob's blog and it was quite humerous. i enjoyed it very much. yesterday was a fun/sucky day for me. after school me and lani were watching over karinas little sister while she was at home watching over the other two. we got the little one. and i rediscovered my hate for children....well maybe not hate....i just dont know how to deal with kids because the last time i was exposed to a little one was like 5 years ago when michele was around with brian. so karinas little sister drew some pictures on my hands....on of a butterfly and the other was a flower. shes so very cute.

 i wrote a short story during school. it was about 2 days in the life of lori......it was the most boring story i've ever read.

 still at lanis house......11:38, almost time for home and sleep and rest and sleep....

 pissed off once again. i really want to visit ryan to see how things are going with him but i guess there wont be enough room in steves car for me. plus karina gave me a discussion about how ryan really wouldnt care if i showed up to visit him or not and that just made me kind of sad because ryan is such a good guy and i care about whats going on with him.....i even got him a cute card! as she said it would make no difference if jeremy showed up either. well thats kinda bitchy if you ask me...one of these days me and jeremy will unexpectedly show up for a visit

 shifty moods today. i try to give people the space they need...but how much space is too much? dammmit the cycles are messed up!

 sometimes i wonder if you are the one who is too good for me

 i spent quite a bit of time today reading old old entires from other peoples blog. it was fun

 brandi says...."Man I was in such a dark place yesterday....but for now...I am looking at better things....I think I need something I can focus on and give all my affection to....because apparently my friends arent gonna be there for me....it is ok tho...they have their own problems....I get to see Jeremy maybe today....hehe! Super amounts of joy!!!!!!" i wonder if she realizes that Jeremy is going out with me..... damn it i want my jeremy! not for brandi or danni or any of the other girls who decide to obsess over another persons boyfriend.

 i found it interesting to read monicas old blog entries about how she had a huge crush on jeremy. " i told her how i couldnt figure out if jeremy meant it or not when he said i was a heartless bitch and then i thought about this thursday. she fell alseep. i was thinking about whether or not he'd be working, cz i rather not he came over. ha, then i got more depressed cz i remember how in april and may i was so excited to see his cute lil red car drive up in fron of my house. how do things change so quickly" yes that came from her blog...lets say july? jeremy is for lori, not monica hehehe

 I am so relieved! Ryan's surgery went by fine and he is recovering. Thats great news. Karina is extra-happy. We get to visit him in the hospital on Saturday. It will be nice to see him.

 mels birthday is tomorrow and i wanted to get her something but i feel sick and forgot about it....damn

 sickness! ick...i feel so sick and i took a nap just now, it slightly made things better. i made a new discovery: gargling listerine mouth wash cures sore throats!

 wendys has taken a victim...and his name is Jeremy. their weapon of choice...food poisoning

 what should i do to pass the time away................i think i'm going to go to sleep early.....like 5 hours early. fucking tears!!! stay in the eyes where you belong!

 two people hung up on me while i was talking to them....god why wont friday just come here now! and no jeremy tomorrow! not even after school. this is so depressing. my week wont get any better until thursday. but then cousins arrive on sunday and no matter what i will have something to do...hurray for that! things are turning out like they were over the summer....no wonder i was so suicidal... "miss goth, miss doom and gloom!" thank you jeremy

 god dammit. i am really pissed at everyone today. i hate it how when one thing goes bad everything else just goes along with it and i am sick of everything today and i want to go sleep......as an alternative to death because hopefully things will be better by the time I wake up. I know that bob is most likely reading that comment and making fun of me for it but today has been shit and everyone is bitching me out so i dont even care. dammit i almost cried and i would have too...but then my parents would be like,"oh lori whats wrong?" and i would get attempted comfort and i really dont need that right now. so once again the tears will be held in.

 so everyone is seeing lord of the rings tonight at a midnight show....everyone but me. that means no jeremy at school tomorrow...how will i ever survive?

 I hate long awkward pauses.....Even if they are online they're still awkward

 flex block is like a damn soap opera. and we had a crowd watching too.

 havnt written for a while, not much going on anyway. poor ryans surgery is tomorrow. but then we visit him later on during the week and it will be good to see him again.

 sorry.

 oh shit i was wrong.....

 i had a terrible nights sleep. my back hurts and my eyes hurt because of sleeping with contacts in. plus i bet streb made me sick because he was coughing everywhere last night. and then i have to go home soon and deal with whatever my mom has to say to me about last night which may result in some terrible punishment. seriously i couldnt avoid that fight i had with her, there was no way. not with how my mom was acting.

 i like lori #2 better

 steven.....if u do it again i will vandalize ur damn car and do some crazy shit.....lori #2 will be unleashed..... (see below for definition of lori#2)

 in the blink of an eye.

 i think all of the shit i write is pointless

 his actions are his choice let him hurt you its his choice. if he wants to hurt you let his conscience eat away at him its his loss, not yours

 theres two loris........ lori #1------------------ the happy hyper weirdo lori #2------------------ the angry girl who makes a lot of death threats

 ryans lack of adding onto his blog makes me sad.

 bob is smart...in a way "god damn cold! i wanna shoot it and make it warm." hehe bob....i wonder what else lerks in ur blog....well i have links on my blog! click to find out! ------------------------------------------------------>

 haha this poem wont make sense to anyone but me.

 THE FACELESS PEOPLE how can I learn to understand the goodness of life in a world full of hate? the world is getting worse is the life I live my true fate? in this place, full of faceless people there is so much to say about them yet I sit in silence and try to tolerate their ignorance all the time wanting to lash out but holding myself back for fear of the consequences ok, ill give them some slack they don't deserve it they just take up space they wont contribute for the human race they live up to their stereotypes... those faceless people.

 ~the world is not a wonderful place to live

 " you are as dry as the desert"

 my after school was really fun today, walking home from school, driving around with karina and frank, wendys, and now i am back at home. hehe Karinas brothers a funny guy, but so ghetto...

 my dads all pissed off because i dont have any christmas happiness and i'm a jerk and i dont deserve presents. ok u know what i really dont give a shit anymore. i dont need anyone to get me anything and i...i just dont care anymore

 ha yeah thats right steven...i will tell the parents all of ur secret activities because i'm sure that u do more bad things than i do

 i like myelf better when i'm sad...when i'm too happy i get weird

 a day of shopping with karina was fun.

 wow i just realized how much i miss being good friends with ashley.....

 alright frank....you are a liar. and yes...i know what love is and that is what i feel.

 death.....is not an option

 why couldnt i have been this happy over the summer....it would have kept those damn suicidal thoughts away from my mind.

 there are good days and bad days....on the good days just go and have fun and dont let anything or anyone get in the way of your happiness....on the bad days, well just dont worry about it. things change and you wont be sad forever.

 since when did i get so happy all the time? i've never been like this before. what brought about this change in feeling for me? guess the answer....it is six letters and starts with the letter J.

 life has so many ups and downs.

 people in this world need to be more open with eachother. like me...and ryan...and just everyone. if someone asks u whats wrong tell them! people ask you that because they care for you. there is nothing wrong with caring for another person. if there was no one caring for you then there would be no reason to live...

 wow...i am really happy right now. i feel so good. so very happy....no ones taking this moment away from me! no one!!

 the perfect little moment between us where i cannot see anything but you when i am with u, i cant let go i stick to you like glue this moment exists every day every time i see you.

 i dont want to die anymore.

 life is so complicated.... there is so much pain and suffering physically and emotionally i want to find a solution but i cant

 finally...my blog is a beautiful pattern of black and white

 i am at lanis house and very sad..............because i am sitting alone in her daddys house while her and frank are alone in lanis bedroom....icky! haha...yeah so now i am bored and typing in my blog because if i were never bored then there would never be a blog. according to frank.....i am not aloud to be in love as a freshman...or so soon....or whatever but i still think that i am or at least very close to it. i am drrinking the sparkling red grape juice that lanis dad brought for me... i am thankful, having no soda for a week is making me crazy. especially when i have been addicted to it for many many months. i am proud of my long blog posting today, keep it up!

 oh my god! dont worry about it! as if what you did is any better? any safer? think about who the real dumbass is here.

 three crescents....two muffins....a large bowl of maccaroni and cheese...two scoops of chocolate icecream on a cone....all after school today. i'm a fatass.

 i am eating alot! why am i not fat yet?

 mmmmmmm....Crescents are so warm and soft and.......yummmm!

 please tell them to stop calling my name

 that hole that steven punched into the wall is staring at me........

 i have been labled "annoying" by everyone...............dammit.......

 i found the most excellent way to piss off my dad...or any other parent. when they are threatening u with punishments tell them it doesent matter to you. dad: "lori your not having anyone in this house for a week" me: " ok i'll just go to other peoples house" dad: "lori, dont be a smartass" you see....the parents hate it when their punishments have no effect on you, and even if they do...dont act like it will have an effect.

 WHERE IS MINE !!!!!!!!!

 why dont i have a life? when someone tells you to "get a life" how do u go about doing that?

 i think i'm going crazy, i keep hearing someone in my house calling my name, and its scary cause i'm home alone right now.........damn brain shut the fuck up!

 dammit!!

 6 weeks 6 days or 48 days

 TIME FOR SCHOOL EVERYONE!!! lets go skip away to the magical place of learning and crazy black people who accuse every white person of racism..the place of which can be confused as mexico at times....but no, we live in america. please note: i am not a racist...i love blacks and mexicans...especially gaylen and karina.

 omg lifes over there is shit on the floor, were all gonna fucking die. hehe...another bobbay blog quote!

 burger king fries are delicious

 TIMELINE OF RYAN AND KARINAS RELATIONSHIP ryan asks karina out they date for many months they break up they fool around they go back out they break up they fool around they go back out they break up they fool around they go back out they break up and they fool around.........looking at this timeline, i can predict that they'll be going out again very soon.

 i have one more thing to add that makes me happy about the new quarter.... i have a ton of classes in the vicinity of jeremy. 1st block art--hes in the room next to mine. 2nd block history--hes in the room next to mine 3rd.....i have no clue where he is but for 4th block he has english just down the hall from my sewing room. i like this set up!

 i havnt written for one whole week! amazing....so heres a little catching up. we started our 3rd quarter and my classes are not as fun as i expected them to be. art is nice, but i think the people in my class are afraid to tallk of somthing cause i am the loudest one there.....and thats significant because i usually am not a big talker. then theres histoy...which would suck but paulina is in my class so its tons of fun! i'm lazy and dont want to explain the rest of my classes......biology-----sewing. over and out!

 i miss my karina.....shes always out babysitting when she really should be with the rest of us having fun!

 i found some things to do today. i got a ride over to lanis house, then we went to the mall to see dan and "the afro kid." then back to lanis, jeremy comes, lani leaves, lani comes back along with bob, frank, and streb. it was fun there for a while then me and jeremy left to gamestop. waited to meet more people there and off to fridays. yummy food...and i was the youngest one there......how many times has that happened before? so ya....eating dinner with a bunch of people who are like 20 years old, then theres me...... beep beep!

 so what am i doing today?? someone please tell me!!

 sitting at home....blaaa

 another day of finals is over!!!! design 1 finals were easy...so very easy!!! i bet i got an A on them. however, i also had geometry finals which i only passed because of my good friend ashley sitting diagonal from me....(and me copying almost half of her scantron) hehe

 LORI IS HAPPY TODAY!!!

 finals finals finals finals.......gym and english finals finals...... and early releases, which makes lori very very happy. then there was yummy wendys with me, jeremy, lani, frank, and steven....but steven stole everyones food like some sort of FOOD GRINCH! and lani's house after wendys, and spending time with jeremy which made me very happy! oh yeah..lani and frank were there too.....

 i'm pleased with that entry

 glad i'm not going to jacobs....cause it seems like a mess that needs to be cleaned up. like everyone who goes there is either severely depressed or on drugs. maybe both. in a sarcastic voice---> hey lets all be depressed! its like a fad thats going around! we can take one bad moment of our lives and turn it into a huge thing and then we can sulk around about it and have other people feel sorry for us. we'll tell them that we want to commit suicide and yay we're depressed. and when people still wont notice our pathetic depressed lives we'll cut our wrists and hopefully people will see and pay more attention to us. damn attention deprived idiots. if you dont like your life then try to change it. its not going to change by itself!!

 "anyways.....I need to talk to a certain gamestop workin fellow.....I dont know what is up with him...it is wierd...kinda creepy....w/e.....I guess I'll just have to try harder...or stop trying all together....." --a quote from brandi's blogg.-- so i guess shes in love with my boyfriend...and its kinda funny for her to try and hide it cause whenever she sends him her stupid daily text messages i am with jeremy so i get to read them.... NICE TRY! so she knows that i'm going out with jeremy. i even went to her damn birthday party with him! she knew it! however she decided to continue to obsess over him.....strange

 so....everyone comes home from school, goes online, and writes in their blog it becomes some sort of obsession to write daily entries. and then theres the people who are so obsessed that they write posts in school i'm a victim too.

 i have a book report due tomorrow. i was given 2-3 months to read the book and write a report. i read the book. wheres the report? to be continued.......

 being a girl is sucky....once a month. dammit.

 if you're going to keep it a secret....dont tell anyone. not even the one person you trust the most. not even me. so why is it that everyone knows....but is not sopposed to know and for some reason we're still acting like its secret? the word spread quickly....and now bobs configuring some sort of "singles club" and i'm not invited. : ( i'm not really sad about that.

 i am happy to say that we've made it home safely from our trip. (without any deaths) there was no alien invasions either....however the wolves were scary, and the fact that none of the guys had masterbated and were quite horney. then there was steven and his daily boners....a couple arouse on the slopes....which i didnt believe was possible but hey...its steve. so i had fun and yet i also had no fun....i wish i could have stayed home, but it wasnt nearly as bad as i expected it to be. all in all....it was a pretty good trip.

 theres going to be so much cold-ness in michigan. i might die.....or get a cold, i might fall of a chairlift and break a leg....or a neck. or maybe i'll just fall down and break something else. or we could be driving and get into a car crash...or our car will slip on icy roads and we'll all die. or we might be stopping at a gas station to get food and a robber will come in and shoot me. or what if a truck driver kidnaps me and i am raped and murdered? OR AN ALIEN SPACESHIP WILL LAND UPON OUR CONDO AND TAKE ME AWAY!!!! AHHH!!

 the snowboard weekend is upon us. i will be sure to take lots of pictures and share some with lani. hopefully i'll get a good one of frank nude or something. haha. i dont know if i'm going to have any fun at all. dammit, i wont be able to get away with wearing only a hoodie like i do here in illinois. i talked to my friend luke and discovered that he is going relatively to the same place as we are. it would be fun if i saw him there.

 ryans birthday get together was fun/awkward/i dont know. because there were too many of those moments where theres absolute silence. and.....he never really seems happy to see karina. or maybe he is but doesent show it. i'm not sure.

 lani...without frank for 3 days....you are going to die!

 get out of my road mr toad! steven brought me home today! wonderful suprise. there was wendy's too!

 why dont people ever want to listen to my worthless problems!?!?

 finally the end of the 2nd quarter! blah......i cant wait for the new one to start. all new classes. first design 2(which is going to be loads of fun!) then history and biology and last is sewing....which will also be good for me. i need to learn how to use a sewing machine. then i will make millions of pillow cases.....delicious.

 sooooo....there is a trip coming up this weekend. and me and frank will both be gone. poor lani! and poor jeremy! and i will miss all of you! there is no hope for me staying home which sucks. my parents have zero-trust for me. its sad, i cant get away with evil deeds anymore.

 no pre-marital sex?!?! never! what happens when you dont get married until you're like 30? or what if you never find the right person and you never get married? that means u will never have sex! i've set an age for it...17 but most likely i will disobey. maybe. MAYBE!

 NEW DISCOVERY!!! it is a known fact that steven keeps condoms in his room. but what i'd like to know is....who is the lucky lady??? lol...well at the moment i guess that would be lisa. but i think he's expecting too much. does lisa really want to have sex with steven???

 croissants are bad!!! very very bad! i think those are whats causing my tummy to hurt so bad. dammit. i just ate one and now the pain is starting all over again.

 i seem to be the only one who actually updates their blog daily. i havnt had another person's blog to read for almost one month. hey, tomorrow is a glorious day for me and jeremy. 5 beautiful months since our first date. or for those of you who want to be more precise, it'll be 3 months on friday. i like 5 months better though. i have a wonderful idea for a valentines day present to jeremy.....hehe

 i had such an awesome day yesterday. i got to spend most of it with ashley. then a small part with lani. a large part with jeremy. it was pretty fun. except my stomache was hurting so bad last night i thought i was going to die. so now i am at home and waiting for karinas call so we can go pick up some pictures from jewel then go to lani's to get our backpacks from her car. my parents want to take me on a trip to northern wisconsin to go snowboarding. but its really going to suck for me because steven is bringing frank and hank. which means i cant bring lani, and karina doesent know how to ski or snowboard. i think i will be asking mel. she is my only hope. but if she cant go..or doesent want to go them i am screwed. for an entire damn weekend. and i cant stay home with my gramps because my dad doesent trust me. which is kinda smart of him because i probably would have jeremy sleep over or something if i was left at home. but still...it would be great if i could stay here.

 I heard your voice through a photograph I thought it up, brought up the past once you know you can never go back I've got to take it on the othereside. Centuries are what it meant to me A cemetery where I marry the sea Stranger things could never change my mind I've got to take it on the otherside.---RHCP

 FIRE AND ICE Some say the world will end in fire some say in ice From what i've tasted of desire I hold with those who favor fire but if it had to parish twice I think i know enough of hate to say that for destruction ice is also great and would suffice.----Robert Frost

 i need to throw up. i'm paranoid and nervous. i'm always thinking of the worst time apart is not for us i want to see you hug you and kiss you if i dont, my day is not complete ......i feel so sick to my stomache right now. me and lani were ditched by everyone tonight. karina was off with ryan, bob was off with steven, jeremey was with his friends, frank and hank were snowboarding. and me and lani were left together, which isnt a bad thing. i just like to have more than one person as my company. i get to spend tomorrow with my geometry ashley. yep, it should be fun.

 today was one of the weirdest days of my life. jeremy got really angry at me because i made a comment about frank saying that he is good-looking and has a good personality. but jeremy took it effensively and got really pissed at me. which completely ruined my 3rd hour class because all i could think about was keeping myself from crying or thinking about what i did to make jeremy angry. i didnt really see it as a big deal. but...i am also a bit more pissed because i wanted to hang out with him today and go to the play with him but i didnt. and i didnt get to do anything with him after the play either. then i get told that i wont be seeing him until monday. so yeah....anyway, me and lani went to blockbuster to rent a movie and these 2 guys come up to us and start hitting on us and eventually one of them asks me for my number, but i told him "i dont think i want to give it to you" so he just turned around and left. haha.... so we went back to lani's dads and watched the weird scary movie about a girl who cut off some peoples bady parts and sewed them all together to make one perfect person. it was gross and slightly amusing.

 goodnight blog....see you tomorrow.

 "you forgetful fuck!" said hank in his oscar winning performance in a john duffy video. .........that was a great movie.

 i am a sad girl today.

 dammit....why isnt anyone saying anything to me online... i had a good day after school. went with lani, karina, and frank to lanis house....drove frank home. then us three girls went out to eat at a texan BBQ place and they had awesome curly fries. i was sopposed to be with jeremy today but mitsuwa's was canceled....and i was really looking forward to the spicy japanese pork! ewww.....i have homework to do and art stuff to finish and i also want to go to sleep by 10. its never going to work out. and for some reason....whenever i talk to jeremy online today he doesent respond so now i feel like an idiot for talking to him when i get no response. friday is mrs. loni's birthday and lani bought a beautiful cake for her. ohh its so sweet. and ryans birthday is coming up too. wednesday i think. i am a paranoid bitch today... and i want it to stop. dammit!

 i was looking over old blog entries...and i realized how close i was to breaking up with jeremy....well heres one of those posts...................... "why do i still like jeremy when he clearly doesent like me anymore? cuz thats what it seems like. it sucks when you like someone a lot, and they dont like you back."---posted wed. sept 10, 2003 yep...i remeber those first two weeks of school when i was "seeing" jeremy but not actually going out with him. ahhh...those were the days when i was even more of an angry bitch than i am now. so...during that time, i guess jeremy was being an ass and i was so close to breaking up with him...or telling him i didnt want to see him anymore. but who cares right!? things right now are perfect and thats all that matters. --------------------------------------------------------------------- another old post---posted mon.sept 15, 2003 "yay! i had a really good day today. and i got 2 hugs from jeremy!" oh my god, i was so excited over only two hugs.

 no one will take me to michaels.......i needed to buy a canvas to paint on. because i'm bored right now and i feel the urge to paint. lani at volley ball goddammit! i miss my lani. and i miss my paulina too! she visited me during flex which made me a very happy girl....but i still miss her! bob is free once again from evil parents and grounding! poetry in english this week. and since i dont feel like writing anything new. i'll steal one of my old poems from earlier posts of my blog. the perfect plan. me, kevin, ashley, and mike made a wonderful scheme for cheating on our geometry test today which i am happy to say that i got an A....thanks to that wonderful scheme. well, we moved our desks around slightly so that kevin could look over my shoulder and see my paper or he could look diagonal and see ashleys paper. then i was situated so that i could see either ashleys or mikes. and ashley could see either mikes or mine. and with these configurations...we all had A's. i feel special. : )

 dammit no snow days make me sad...but school wasnt as aweful as i expected. sean discovered a new color.....and its name is....... .... .... BRRRRRRROWNNN!!!!!!!! hehe....damn inside jokes. but ya anyway my day was awesome. i got to have 2 hours of non-stop talk time with mel this morning...and i'm going to cry when 3rd quarter comes and i wont be in her classes anymore. .....cry perhaps..or just be really disappointed. we'll see so there hasnt been a ryan at school for so long and he is definately being missed by everone. especially karina. poor girl... if jeremy was gone for that long i would have shot myself....but dont do it karina!! we love you! hehe...i love my little mexico! so after school i went to jeremy's to take a nap...which we really planned on doing but then started watching anger management and the part where we were sopposed to sleep kinda got left out. it was fun anyway. but damn....stupid family dinners and lori being kicked out of the house. and no lani because of constant volleyball. my master plan is to sneak to her v-ball place with a knife and slice all of the balls....mwaa haha! i'm an evil little bitch. and for some reason...i'm really happy. although i got my ass kicked in halo against bob, hank, steven, and frank....i'm the stupid little girl...who sucks at halo..........sad.

 I added a new section to the margin of my blog that has a bit of info about myself! hehe

 i'm in an unusually good mood for being home alone, i like it!

 SNOW SNOW SNOW SNOW SNOW!!! i woke up this morning...and i looked outside and i was blinded by snow! everywhere! ahhhhh! and hopefully we'll get a snow day tomorrow cause that would be so very great! and if there is a snow day i call for a party at my house! yep everyones invited. so keep on the look out for snow day happenings.

 mmmmmhome alone.....u know what that means???? ....actually i dont know what that means. but anyway, stevens at work, parents are out shopping for la-z-boys. karina has no ride out here. lani is at volleyball. jeremy is at work. and i am sitting at home in my pj's watching movies and doing laundry. i cant complain. i'm actually not bored at all.

 i saw big fish today....it was the strangest movie i've ever seen. i liked it though. lani did too. i wish jeremy could have been there but he was working at the time.

 i had the most fun ever on new years....it ended in a shitty way, but the time that i spent there was great fun.

 wow.....december 30,2003......i deleted nearly all of my posts from that day. i get really emotional when something bad happens to me.....i have a bad day and suddenly i am a homicidal/suicidal maniac.... i'm a weird girl.

 and yes! i did get to hang out with mel this weekend...and that day was today! we barely did anything yet it was the most fun that i'd had in a while. she came over early and we walked around the block to franks house then brought him over to my house where we pigged out on several snacks. then another walk to the park, and when we got back we went to burger king for a quick dinner then to the movie theater. we saw club dread...which was really funny. and then to starbucks... i got hot chocolate! when we got back to my house we went to my room and talked talked talked talked and talked some more for 3 hours

 i'm going to have to hang out with mel this weekend because of my no-mel sadnesses lately. she told me the most interesting thing this morning and it gave me some clever ideas for fun..... but of course, jeremy will be the only one to hear those ideas anytime soon. ; ) wink!

 its been a while since i really sat down and wrote in mr blogg...but is there anything new? of course! the timeline was correct yet again, and karina and ryan have broken up...and now a new mexico has been coming around...hmmm to avoid angry or sad feelings i will end it at that. more new things....lori has purchased a skirt. a short shirt. easy access is all i have to say! 3 1/2 day weekend coming up! woo hooo!! maybe i'll finally get the chance to see the butterfly effect? if theres someone willing to take poor sweet sexy lori...ha lani was right! i am conceded! last item of news... i will stop at nothing to get sean to meet the group! hahahaha! so now i am trying to scare him cause i know he reads my blog. thats right sean....i'm hunting you down!

 today was a good and simple day...after school i went home with steven, got dropped off at best buy to get the movie "ghost world" which sadly was not there...then got into a conversation with one of the best buy guys about how great that movie is...and once i purchase that movie jeremy will be forced to watch it..hahaha. so now i am in my dark lonely basement listening to the grunts yelling as steven and bob play halo......GRENADE!! and i'm eating yummy butter-pasta that lani introduced me to. here is a thanks to lani for introducing me to...green peppers, butter pasta, and quesadillas! mmm foood!

 the "relatives" have been over for eight days now...

 so i must be the most horrible person on the face of the earth. because i accidentaly call jeremy frank....and i want to go kill myself cause i dont know what he must be thinking about me.... I LOVE JEREMY!!!! its just that...in the last week i havnt seen him much, and i've been hanging out with frank with lani, karina, or steven lately and it was a total accident but i still feel like shit! if u are reading this jeremy i want to tell u that i love you more than anyone in the world and i HATE FRANK! lol i would never purposely do anything to hurt you and this was an accident and i'm sorry, i shouldnt be making a big deal about this but i just want you to understand that i am sorry...

 my views on anal sex "it would be like having to take a monster shit that pokes in and out just to piss me off!"

 history history history... and handing out flyers for the concert on friday. and having a wonderful morning and life is sweet today!

 in history class! with paulina and looking up information on famous dead greek guys. jeremy did the most beautiful thing this morning and came to my art class and gave me flowers in front of the entire class and gave me a hug and kiss and.......i am happy! i was love-struck the entire class period.

 steven made the most intersting comment today. as we all know...we are starting to fill out class sceduals for next year. and there are 2 classes "Global Economics" and "american government" both are only availible to sophomores and seniors......next year it is possible that i will take one of those classes with steven.....oh lord!

 MALL SHOPPING TIME!!!

 stupid bitch get away from him!!!....and keep your friends away from my group of people you blood sucking bithces! note: i'm talking about jacobs

 yep thats right...i'm going to visit a certain "gamestop workin fellow" as brandi would say. but too bad for brandi! you're not visiting him I am....not you me!!

 i get to go shopping with me mother....at the mall....and guess whos working? ....hmmm i wonder

 too bad....the person who i'm writing about doesnt even read my blog so everthing i'm saying right now is pretty much pointless.

 i am at lanis house right now...and i watched orange county while frank and lani layed together on the couch and slept/made out/ had sex? i dont know....but i felt really lonely and jealous and i wrote a page long note to....someone yesterday and then i re-wrote it like five more times. i'm sad....

 i am really unhappy today

 wow! i swear, i must be a psychic or something! in my last blog entry, i predicted that karina and ryan would be going back out and guess what!? I WAS CORRECT!! the couple is back together and you know what that means? within the next week or two, they will break up again... and by looking at the karina/ryan timeline....they will be fooling around soon after that and possibly even going back out again! its an endless cycle....

 i updated my simple questions so that it would reflect my current self

 1. FULL NAME: Lori Sabina Piecyk 2.NICKNAMES: Lorraine 3. EYES: i'm not quite sure.....green, blue....greenish blue....blueish green..and a little bit of yellow in the center! 4. HEIGHT: 5' 6'' yay!! i'm a tall!!!! 5. HAIR: brown 6. SIBLINGS: steven 7. DO YOU LIKE TO SING IN THE SHOWER?: no, never 8. DO YOU LIKE TO SING IN THE TOILET?: no, never 9. BIRTHDATE: July 9th, 1989---i'm soo young!!! 10. SIGN: cancer!!! 11. ADDRESS: 1290 karyn ct. 12. SEX: petite woman....errr lady, i mean. YOUNG LADY 13. RIGHTY OR LEFTY:righty 14. WHAT DO YOU WANT IN A RELATIONSHIP?: i want someone who will make me laugh, thats always the most important. 15. HAVE YOU EVER CHEATED?: no...but hank will say yes....lol 16. MARITAL STATUS: Jeremy!! 17.DO YOU HAVE A CAR? only 14...cant drive......awwww 18. WHAT KINDA CAR YOU HAVE/WANT? plymouth neon...or maybe something old and valueable ******FAVORITE QUESTIONS******* 19. MOVIE: pirates of the carribean of course!!!! saw it 3 times!!!! 20. SONGS: yellowcard. thanks to lani 21.BAND/SINGER: i just told u that 22. TV SHOWS: that 70's show!!!! best show ever!!!! 23. ACTOR: johnny depp....only because hes an awesome pirate!!!! 24. ACTRESS: scarlett johanson 25. FOOD: bread!!! there are so many things you can do with it 26. NUMBER: 2...i dont know why...maybe cause its a couple number. maybe 27. CARTOON: i dont really watch cartoons. 28. DISNEY CHARACTER: well....pirates of the carribean is a disney movie....so i'll have to say captain jack sparrow 29. COLOR: black, red and blue *******LOVE LIFE ETC******* 30. DO YOU PLAN ON HAVING CHILDREN? yes 31. HOW MANY CHILDREN DO U WANT?: 2...i never want an only child because life sucks without a sibling 32. DO YOU WANT TO GET MARRIED?: obveously 33. HOW OLD DO YOU WANT TO BE WHEN YOU HAVE YOUR FIRST CHILD?: 23 something around there 34. HOW OLD DO YOU WANNA BE WHEN YOU GET MARRIED?:20 maybe 35.WOULD YOU HAVE KIDS BEFORE MARRIAGE?: no! 36. DO YOU HAVE A BF/GF?: yes 37. DO YOU HAVE A CRUSH?:no *****EITHER-OR (PICK WHICH ONE YOU PREFER)********** 38. MUSIC/TV: music...definately music 39. GUYS/GIRLS: guys!!! 40. GREEN/BLUE: blue...so much prettier 41. PINK/PURPLE: purple....pink is such a girlie color 42. SUMMER/WINTER: neither...fall is best 43. NIGHT/DAY: night.. its so much sexier 44. HANGIN OUT/CHILLIN: chillin is too ghetto for me. i like hanging out. 45. DOPEY/FUNNY: funny *******ALL ABOUT YOU******* 46. WEIRD SAYING YOU HAVE: in the blink of an eye. ::in a high voice:: 47. WHAT SCHOOL DO YOU GO TO?: crown 48. HAVE YOU EVER TAKEN DRUGS?: drugs are bad..havnt even tried it 49. ARE YOU A VIRGIN?: yeah 50. HOW FAR WOULD YOU GO ON A FIRST DATE?: depends who the person is 51.HAS YOUR HEART EVER BEEN TRULY BROKEN:yeah...by hank! grrr.. *****WHICH FRIEND FITS THIS DESCRIPTIONS?******** *BLONDE: blondee monica! *NICEST: frank...who cant be mean to anyone *LOUDEST: mel...when shes scary and yelling at people *STRANGEST: travis.....the domestic abuser *MOST CARING: ryan *SHORTEST: karina the beana! *TALLEST: hank....ahh why is he so tall!!! or maybe even streb? *SMARTEST: bob and his elgin academy smartness *BEST PERSONALITY: ryan *BEST ALL-AROUND PERSON: ryan...yea ryans a good person 52. 5 PEOPLE YOU ARE OPEN WITH AND TRUST THE MOST: lani, karina, mel 53. DO YOU THINK THERE ARE SOUL MATES?: no 54. IS IT RIGHT TO FLIRT IF YOU HAVE A BF/GF?: i wouldnt want my bf to flirt with other girls, so thats a no 55. WHAT WAS THE LAST THING YOU CRIED OR GOT TEARY ABOUT?: theres too many things to count... 56. WHAT'S SOMETHING ABOUT GUYS/GIRLS YOU JUST DON'T GET?: guys never show emotion!!! i cant tell what they're thinking! 57. ARE YOU HAPPY? not right now 58. WHY?: i dont know...too much on my mind 59. WHAT'S AN OBJECT YOU CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT?: my hair...hehe, my beautiful, long, strate brown hair! 60. LOVE OR LUST?:love 61. SILVER OR GOLD? silver 62. DIAMOND OR PEARL?: diamonds!!!!!!!! bundt bundt! 63. SUNSET OR SUNRISE?: sunset... i'll never be awake to see a sunrise...sleepy time for me 64.HAVE YOU EVER GONE SKINNY-DIPPING?:no..but i would 65. DO YOU SLEEP WITH STUFFED ANIMALS? no, but i would if i had a special little animal to sleep with 66. DO YOU HAVE ANY PIERCINGS? yes, only my ears though, it would be cool to get my eyebrow pierced 67. WHAT COLOR UNDIES ARE YOU WEARING RIGHT NOW?:black!!! soooo sexy!!!!! 68. WHAT SONG ARE YOU LISTENING TO RIGHT NOW?:AFI-morning star. which makes me cry... 69.NUMBER?: i dont know 70. WHERE WOULD YOU WANT TO GO ON YOUR HONEYMOON?: new zealand... its so beutiful. 71. WHO DO YOU WANT TO SPEND THE REST OF YOUR LIFE WTH?: i dont know......yet 72.WHAT'S THE FIRST THING YOU NOTICE ABOUT THE OPPOSITE SEX?: personality because looks dont matter to me. 73. FAVORITE SPORT?: volleyball....even if i didnt make the damn team! 74. WHAT MAKES YOU HAPPY?: hanging out with people...i hate being alone 75. WHAT'S THE NEXT CD YOU GONNA GET?: AFI-sing the sorrow...cause my burned copy died on me. 76. DO YOU WEAR CONTACTS OR GLASSES?:contacts....ugh! i hate glasses! 77. WHAT'S THE BEST ADVICE GIVEN TO YOU?: stuff either ryan or mel tell me 78. HAVE YOU EVER WON ANY SPECIAL AWARDS?: no 79. WHAT ARE YOUR FUTURE GOALS?: go to an art college 80. WORST SICKNESS YOU EVER HAD?: when i had a bad stomache ache where i couldnt stop throwing up and i couldnt eat because i felt so sick... i lost like 2 pounds when i was sick like that!( 2 pounds is alot for me) 81. DO YOU LIKE FUNNY OR SCARY MOVIES BETTER?: scary movies are the best!! 82. ON THE PHONE OR IN PERSON?:in person..but long phone conversations are good too 83. HUGS OR KISSES? hugs are great....makes me feel good to be squeezed... ( but not too hard! ) 84. WHAT SONG SEEMS TO REFLECT YOU THE MOST?: i'm really not that sure... 85. IF YOU DIED TOMORROW- WHO WOULD YOU LEAVE EVERYTHING TO?: steven 86. DO YOU HAVE ANY ENEMIES?: my parents sometimes.. and ashley ulrich...lol she hates me 87. WHAT IS YOUR GREATEST FEAR?: loneliness, i hate being alone.... 88. WOULD YOU RATHER BE RICH OR FAMOUS?: rich 89.WHAT TIME IS IT IN ALBANIA RIGHT NOW?:stupid question....how am i sopposed to know!! 90. IF YOU HAD 24 HOURS LEFT TO LIVE, WHO WOULD YOU SPEND THAT TIME WITH?: friends..definately not family 91.HAVE YOU MET SANTA?: yeah, that mall santa 92. IF E.T. KNOCKED ON YOUR DOOR HOLDING UP A PEACE SIGN ASKING TO USE YOUR PHONE WHAT WOULD YOU DO?: whip out a shotgun and blow him away! 93.WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU TALKED TO THE PERSON YOU LIKED?: today at school. 94.YOU HAVE ANY PETS?: 1 dog. 1 bird. and fish.......my poor kitty died 95. WHATS YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS?: brunette366@aol.com 96. LAST TIME YOU WERE DEPRESSED?:right now....all the time....i pretend to be happy...can u tell? 97. ARE YOU AN ALCOHOLIC?: no...but if i had more access to it. mmm yes i would be. 98. WHO SENT THIS TO YOU?: steven 99.. WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT PERSON?: i love steven!!! hes my big brother!!! yay!!! 100. DO YOU WANT YOUR FRIENDS TO WRITE BACK?:sure

 i would say that tuesday was the best day of spring break so far. me, lani, jeremy, luke, and nick all planned on going out to bowling but when we got there the tuesday night crowds kept us from bowling so we decided on Portillos. so when we arrived luke did a little dance for us. then food. then standing in the parking lot for about 20 mins. jeremy and nick left. lani and luke started talking...thats when i got to drive lanis car around the parking lot. that was quite intersting. i was going like 2 mph.....rrrrmmm rmmmm. ( i make it seem so much better than it actually was.) so then luke left and me and lani drove to Pats house hung out there for about 2 hours then i slept over at Lanis house. it was a good day, i got to see both jeremy and lani which makes me happy. ooh yeah, karina ws in there...somewhere hehe. she took me to a skate park earlier that day but i left her so that she could be with her precious.....

 poor pat, i feel so sorry for him. He has to clean up his house after a night of partying by drunk barbies and stoners. that was the party that me and lani went to last night..but it wasnt fun at all. there was the usual guys there plus claire and that other girl, but then somehow a parade of people came along and things turned crappy. and there was this guy walking around with a bottle of vodka and claiming that it was his bottle and he got a little defensive over it....so i walked around in circles going between the basement and the kitchen, then realized the party sucked and i started counting down the hours before lani could take me home. then the time came and i was home at eleven. hurray.

 When you break up with someone, they are no longer committed to you. just thought u ought to remember that.

 its been so long since my last post...oh so long. its also been awhile since i've seen mel. i should probably get to calling her sometime soon. well this post is just me welcoming myself back to my blog postings.

 tonight was a wonderful good night...i tried something new and i liked it...ALOT!! i feel so full of energy!

 I miss a lot of things in my life... i miss jeremy....not the kind of missing where u havnt seen them in a while. it the kind of missing where i miss the way things used to be with him. well thats the first thing i miss. another thing that i miss is August. because everything that happened during August was great. that was definately the best month of my life. everything before that.....i hated. everything after that...well there was ups and downs. but theres nothing better than august 2003. that was back in the days that Steven and Jeremy got along. when the entire group would all hang out together in my basement and having smash parties and laying in the grass...looking up at the stars every night and going to the rock quarrey at night and sitting by the lake. everything good in my life happened in august. i met started going out with Jeremy i became friends with lani and karina. In fact, i didnt even have a life until august. everything was great and i miss it more than anyone will ever know... i just hope this summer will be like old times. u know, how everyone will have so much time and theres no school in the way to mess things up. just dont foget how great things were during the summer. and try to brings things back to the way they used to be....

 please?

 sadly Karina no longer has a cell phone, so i am no longer able to get in touch with her. cause stupidly she doesnt have a home phone either. dammit.

 also known as the movie theater. hehe, we went to see Starsky and Hutch with her boyfriend and her boyfriend's friend. and before that it was just me and mel at her house, which is just so gorgeous. i am jealous. yep so i had a really good day/night. i like my mel time. its so...mellish and fun? yes. "it looks like pleasantville"

 I'm in a deserted dark room...with sean, mel and paulina... woo hoo!!!! and we are having mad crazy sex.....actually we are on computers... (no sex involved) hehe

 the disease is coming. its called "dump your girlfriend" syndrome. and its catching on thoroughout the group. so now that i am the only girl left with a boyfriend...that means i'm next....(according to karina and lani)

 boy: see my room is..how should i put it girl: mess? boy: hideous ashly ulrich dirty yes there are little STDs runnig around there goes goneria oh in the sky its herpes! all over the walls theres crabs and aids are seeping thru the window and the floors boy: i tend to ramble on alot too.

 "I'm a bitchy prissy uptight gurl who doesn't know how to keep their fat mouth shut. I make fun of gurls who have curves because i look like i'm 12!!!!!! I'm a sinacle whore who says that everyone but myself is just that. By the way, my name is lori!! " said in ashley ulrich's away message. wow shes so friendly



 i am under so much stress from whats going on with my friends....all i want to do now is be with jeremy, cause i miss him so much. i need to get myself away from all of this. i need to go!!!!!

 the world as we know it is coming to a stop. tears will fall from heartbroken eyes and everything that we knew and loved is coming to an end.

 7:00 on a saturday night and i have absolutely nothing to do....because karina decided to invite lani to go see a movie with her, junior, and mr salad. and no one really cared to invite lori along. so everyone has been divided once again. frank at his house with relatives lori alone at her house lani, karina, salad, and junior living it up at the movies steven at work jeremy with the nathan squad ryan grounded for a month : ( mel with the boyfriend...i think and somewhere in algonquin sits sean...all alone

 YES! i got ghost world and i will watch it with jeremy.. woo hoo!!! my day just got better

 someone dropped my kitty in a pool

 "i dreamed that i gave you the *Key to my heart* and it was also my house key" awwwwwww

 i havnt gotten a chance to type at home since our computer is dying slowly...so now i'm in bilogy looking up sick diseases for a project. its...somewhat fun. jeremy is talking to me again.that makes me happy. and he apologized. even better! and just like patricia said...they come crawling back like dogs. i love that family. i was over there last night. it was...strange cause we opened the door and paulinas dad was walking around nude. so i ran upstairs while he got back into the showa. haha. then we worked on out history map that was soppposed to be turned in today but we're lazy. we had to get mel and sean to come over with their projects so that they could "help" us with it. i also got a roll of paulinas birthday film, which i get to pick up today from jewel and maybe visit steve in the pharmacy. i've been writing a lot lately. so much things to say i guess. well time to leave........h

 today was so much fun. Consolation prize played at the Clear Water theater and they were so awesome. especially evan, he played so good. i got a ride from stefanie with mark and karina. we all went there and took pictures and hung out. it was fun. then we left to wendys, got food and came back to my house where me and mark played halo. it was fun cause our skill levels were practically the same but i won by one point and stefanie got so sad every time i killed mark. then i got to hear him play guitar which he is really good at. and the last thing we did was go to target and walk around there. this weekend was awesome.

 i love today. it was the best. first, i ditched 4th block gym to go home with Stefanie and while at her house we made some pizza and just sat around talking. it was fun. stefanies a fun person. and i got to see mark!! also nude pictures of mike and the tight pants people. that was...sexy.... so after that i walked to karinas house and stayed there until we could get her car and drive back to my house. then walked over to bobs where we all hung out. (me, karina, frank, hank, bob, and travis.) bob gave me a copy of his demo. it sounds great. then we all went to my house and sat in a circle talking until we decided to have a fire in bobs backyard. so we called everyone we could and had a ton of people over for a fire. it was the best. the guys found a christmas tree in someones yard and burned it. the fire was huge. then evan and bob played a duet on their guitars. everything about tonight was so much fun.... then getting anal raped by frank....hank giving me wedgies (in the back and front) and bob going into "cuddle mode" he managed to suck my neck while frank and hank held me down. and me being so weak i couldnt get away. and steven making out with the asian and getting raped....i think everyone got raped tonight. but it was just so much fun. travis was running around with fire on a stick and ended up throwing flaming marshmallows at frank. hehe wow so much happend. this weekend is awsome then tomorrow i get to spend the day with karina and we are going to see the play tomorrow night. and on sunday i get to see gaylen at the clearwater concert. life is fun and i got to see so many people today. stefanie-mark-karina-frank-hank-bob-steven-ashley(asia)-mallory-kristen-nicole-evan-monica-travis and some other people that i didnt know. i am in such a good mood right now nothing can bring me down. not even......

 self improovement goal #3: keep feelings bottled up.

 ok theres this game called "telephone"and all of us played it as children. or at least most of us. well in this game a group of people sit in a circle. one person makes up a sentence and whispers it to the person next to them. then the second person whispers what he heard to the next person in line until the sentence has been whispered throughout the entire circle. and when it gets back to the original person the sentence is spoken aloud and comes out completely different than what it had started out as. this is just a little thing to think about before u make assumptions.

 "I dont deserve to be with anyone"...........

 "theres just something about u" hehe i love hearing that. no effence to jeremy#2. its just a lori/mexican kind of thing. *wink* so maybe if i direct all my thoughts in a different direction i'll feel better? or i should just go for...stefanie...lol because shes carrying my little alien babies. aww this is sad i have to miss all my fun little classes tomorrow. like art with mike and gabe (my fun class!! woo hoo) or history with paulins! i'll be gone all day. lani too....which leaves frank and karina together. maybe some sparks will fly or something. and another weekend of babysitting kitties and cleaning up their litter covered shit. also meaning no lani ::sad:: well time to go now before steven kills me trying to get online!!

 pretending to be happy is....not fun at all.

 tomorrow i will be gone from school all day because of a biology field trip. and since none of the girls in that class like me, i get a group full of men. woo hoo. WARNING: Lori is in recovery stage...in which everything she says and does may not make any sense at all. she tries to act happy on the outside but is really sad on the inside and her decision making skills are non-existant. please forgive her for the bullshit. she is sorry.

 how i love my sappy little sad songs.

 Sew this up with threads of reason and regret So, I will not forget. I will not forget How this felt 8 months ago i know I cannot forget. I cannot forget I'm falling into memories of you and things we used to do Follow me there A beautiful somewhere A place that I can share with you I can tell that you don't know me anymore It's easy to forget, sometimes we just forget And being on this road is anything but sure Maybe we'll forget, I hope we don't forget I'm falling into memories of you and things we used to do Follow me there A beautiful somewhere A place that I can share with you So many nights, legs tangled tight Wrap me up in a dream with you Close up these eyes, try not to cry All that I've got to pull me through is memories of you Memories of you Memories of you Memories of you I'm falling into memories of you and things we used to do Follow me there A beautiful somewhere A place that we can share Falling into memories of you and things we used to do....

 and sad...i've never been this sad before in my life. it hurts. i just wish things could go back to the way they used to be. i knew it was coming...thats the thing that hurt the most. everything lani told me was true. i knew it was true but i didnt want to beleive it. its just so sad to know that we'll never spend time together again....i'll never get to lay in his bed with him or kiss him or anything. now its going to be like...just saying hi to him in the halls....and thats it.....i hate this.

 yay ryans over!

 Lana867: go sit waiting for jeremy to call you! have fun wasting your night! byea! call me if you need to chat....we will see what kind of mood i am in and if i decide you need my lovely voice to make you feel better Lana867: no foreshadowing there Lana867: :) bye well.......i dont know what to say, except i think i know what to expect now. time to release some unwanted anger/sadness



 spending this beautiful day all by myself. bored bored bored bored bored. well, time for some x-box and halo to drown my sorrows. killing those cute little orange aliens while they run around screeming.

 i wrote about 5 posts just now...then realized that i should probably delete them cause of angry-lori feelings. so about those jelly rolls...hahah they're all little whores.

 Personnel goal #2: close my big fat mouth once in a while. ( no more strikes)

 to much emptyness in my little brain. i dont know what to think. except that suzanne thalman and heather page scare the crap out of me and i need to hide!

 "Lori and Jeremy.... wow that’s going to interesting if they go out........I wonder who he will pick.... video games or Lori video games or Lori video games or Lori........." ...i love karina

 *barf*

 I'M FISHING FOR COMPLIMENTS!

 squinty eyes flat chest flat ass thin hair no muscle in arms no muscle in legs slouchy twiggy weak..................what else is there to say about my appearance? i need to complain some more.

 so..about that "jelly roll" karina....jelly rolls are unhealty for those who eat them. jelly rolls are fatening. people only eat jelly rolls when there's nothing else to eat. jelly rolls are sluts!!!! haha

 "Oi Brunette366! It is my weekend down at ISU with my sis so I wont be here for awhile. It is currently 5:20 PM and the date is 4/17/04. I shall return on April 18th at around 4:00 pm. Count down till your Jeremy comes back to you :P" notice the last part.....got me excited for a brief moment. lol yeah...my jeremy coming back to me........ that would make me happy, too bad that little away message wasnt exactly directed towards me in the way i wish it was... listen to me...i'm a little crazy... ...really..crazy

 yesterday was a great day. got to hang out with lani, karina, frank, hank, and a little bit of bob. i took a lot of pictures of our group then got them developed and added them to my picture wall..(which is turing out to be beautiful) then me lani karina all saw kill bill2. such an awesome movie. the first one was definately better with all the fight scenes and action but this new one explained a lot. really good. so later that night i slept over with lani at her dads...i fell asleep real quick and at some point lani tucked me in. i was half asleep and i remember someone putting a blanket over me.. then i woke up the next morning to pounding at the door and lanis uncle started shouting for bill. so this morning me lani and her daddy went shopping for carpet samples...looking at cars...and out to the manor for some breakfast and tonight is stefanies b-day party...that should be fun.

 the group was together again for a brief moment...or at least most of the group. laying in the grass, playing volleyball....i remember laying in the grass....in august....that mother fu*king august.

 sorry you're not an asshole!

 aww mel and sean working together to get an A in history. and i love seans little blog entry. it actually made me happy rather than pissed or sad....see sean????HAPPY! in my basement right now with lani, karina, hank, frank and being bored until KILL BILL tonight....one of which i should be seeing with someone else...but i am not...but accordingn to lani its not going to work out the way i want it to.. and just for the record....sean....dont take anything i do offensively cause i am just a stupid confused little girl. forgive me.

 a random asshole: so are you gonna continue pursuing him like a middle school crush knowing hes gonna say no in the end? and the answer is YES!



 hmmm what can i say about today.....i dont really want to reveal my thoughts cause they are usually offending and might piss some people off. but anyway, i went to portillos today with lani, karina, and jeremy. fun times with a shiny yellowish shirt. i made an interesting discovery about myself today.....i am an extreamly jealous person. yup i just realized that. i hate jealousy.... so how fo u stop yourself from being jealous of everyone?

 goodnight!

 check out the badgers!!!! badgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadgerbadger MUSHROOM MUSHROOM! i'm amazed...

 self-improovement task #1: stop being such a pessimist about everything. once this task is complete....the other 1200 tasks should be alot easyer.

 monica comes over along with jessica and a cosmo magazine. one of their sections: kinky sex positions....so monica and jessica decide to practice the positions on that little bed of ours. i got some pictures of it too...mmmm, it'll be fun when those are developed.



 listening to lanis yellowcard cd. good stuff.

 i love my black/white class its fun. theres mike at my table and occational visits from gabe* that crazy little mexican biznotch. and mallorys in there too. so gabe presents his little life map and its hilarious. lots of cute little pictures of pointless garbage.

 i have gym 4th block. the same time as karina. but shes in excel working out those flimsy arms of hers. i thought my class would suck but i found that my friend nicole was in my class with me which means fun level rising. i also met kristin rich's little sister. so it was a day of meeting new people. all we did today was walk around the track all hour watching the excel people work out all red-faced while we walked by with a cool wind in our hair. then when it was karinas turn to run i took a lap with her and died a little....i cant run...not after being out of gym for 10 weeks. but it was actually fun...woah me liking gym..this is new!

 karina: so are you going out with jeremy now? me:.................(long pause)................wait a min. i dont know! yes..no...i think in between at the moment.

 i think i need to sort through all of the blog entries and take alot of stuff out. the kinda stuff that pisses people off....i'm sorry.

 there is an asian in my house!

 yes...that is a piece of wood...yes ( a little thing i said when walking home with karina. as a little girl walked next to me holding up a 2 by four.)

 opps...that wasnt ten miles...it was more like 5 or 6...but still thats a lot of walking.

 i decided that i needed a little change in color.

 stevens blog seems to be somewhat pointless..

 haha everyones at church and i'm chillin here in my PJ's!!! i havnt been to church since babcia died...and that was over 2 years ago. and even before then, no church for me!!

 still nothing from jeremy...i kinda decided to quit trying to get back with him since he doesnt seem to really want what i want....its sad. i wanted to see him yesterday, but he was "out shopping with his mother and sister" yes..i suppose that would take all day

