 Hey Izzy when or if you come on this get through to me and tell me the homework please!

 Msn doesn't work. It's official. It doesn't like my computer! Hehe, I took the bus to piano so I didn't have to walk! Heeehee! Oh and Laura went in the wrong room (!) (stupid Laura!) she walked round like a complete idiot for a bit and I stood outside thinking like a complete idiot. My tiny little brain couldn't cope with the fact that stupendously clever Laura had walked into the wrong room. Either that or it was trying to think that I had and that would be even more confusing. So I dragged her out and about 3 hours later she was still babbling on about it! She seems to have a thing about that (a very stupid thing, but still, it's Laura's thing!) Oh and I got home by car so I didn't walk home :( I'm sorry! Wow, what a boring day! Oh and every one thinks we're hippies...yep...they're weird. My kittens don't seem to like the rain! They like to stay indoors which is really very clever because Scamp used to go outside anyway. Oh and Brodie's official count for falling in the pond is now: 2. Keep you updated on that every day because stupid Brodie falls in about every day! Oh and aww! We have pictures of them! I might be able to put some html in and take a picture of them and put it on this! (Wow, she's actually that clever?!) Nope, but I like you to think that I am! :) Is it me or am I just talking to myself...yup and Izzy isn't even listening. AM I ALONE? HELOO?

 Wow, who haven't I been blocked by on Msn and why isn't any one on!? :(

 Umm that's a que for the new template to work...?

 Hmm well my brothers going in the loft now...and I'm thinking about locking it! (Hehe!) By the sounds of it, he has a friend round. Hmm, by the sounds of it? That's weird! Any way, about walking home! :O Well these funny old parents were talking about how our school (the comp (for you nonknowing people, the comprehensive)) pupils were walking across their school! (Hehe) But it's our field...I guess I could go round if I really could be bothered. (Yup, I had a really boring day!)

 BOO!

 *Oh, strawberries or some clever spelling like that.

 Mmm well the smoothies smelt like cow pat's and to Laura it tasted like that. But Laura doesn't like straw berries so Izzy and my taste buds aren't that bad. We put green flavouring in and swizzed it in a liquidizer! Mmm...different! What you need to make a gross drink! A pack of straw berries (the things you get in fruit and veg shops...in England this is) Two bananas Horrible tinned pinapple chunks (can't remember spelling) Bit of lemon Lots of orange! Horrible pint of horrible low fat yogurt...go on, use cream ;) Lots of ice...LOTS! Green food colouring What you do: Throw in all the fruit (remove skins and other horribly nobbly bits) Wizz it a bit, but if you've got Laura with you she'll make you pulse it to nothing. Add in the yogurt and ice. Smush it to oblivion. Add Green food colouring Watch it go brown Smell it Taste it and throw up! (Enjoy)

 Heloo! Wow, we're making smoothies if Izzy ever phones Laura back!

 Well I can be annoying to! ....once upon a time... there was a universe. and in the universe, there was a galaxy. and in the galaxy, there was a planet. and in the planet, there was a continent. and in the continenet, there was a country. and in the country, there was a county. and in the counnty, there was a town. and in the town, there was a street. and in the street, there was a house. and in the house, there was a room. and in the room, there was a cupboard. and in the cupboard, there was a draw. and in the draw, there was a box. and in the box, there was a smaller box with a lil pink ribbon on. and in the smaller box with the lil pink ribbon on, there was.... a... THING. HOW aDmazing Astro Poo !!!!!

 Hi. Today's been fun. Oh and if you're wondering, I rampaged home ;) Also I've been informed that admazed is actually amazed (Even though I didn't notice the difference) Hey, I can be admazed if I want to! Oh and my knees hurt. A lot! It seems to hurt walking up and downstairs and bending down, so I've given up bending down and I'm letting Izzy do it for me! Laura (my other friend) has a pain in her knee too! So we walk around like a couple of old lady's; all ways complaining about our knees. The class dork asked Laura out. To my admazement (well I've got to find a new way to annoy Izzy) she said no! Hehe, well he was a sexist pig and his ego was about as big as his stupidness (very big). Ahh, tomorrow's Friday and admazingly I got invited to a party! Wow! So I'm going to Laura's because my house is here and it takes me about 40 mins to get waaayyyyy over there! But Emma (the girl's party) is fun! I hope she likes what I got her. Claire (other girl) is a bit too odviously saying 'Oh I have to go at 8 because I have to go to gym. Yes that's right at 8 after the sleep over." Way to rub in that we're not coming. She shoots and she scores! (Right between the eyes on her hopefully) Hehe this is fun! Well I better go and see what the kittens have done now because they're bound to of done something. They're never dull and very admazing !

 Izzy, what a wondeful story, now I'll post a wonderful poem for every one (no one) to see! Muhahaha! (Oh send all angry comments about how bad it is to Izzy!) Izzy Bird Upside down, Inside out, Dancing around, Prancing about, It skips, It sings, It larks about, Give it a prod and you'll hear it shout "Get off! Go far away and there you stay!" They scream, They slither, All as strange, And weird as each other. They;re red, And blue, And purple, And black. Whatever you do, Don't look back. By Kes Sims! Now wasn't that good? (no comment) Wahay! I should become a professional one day oh wait- I am one! Nohohoho! (Unlike some :P)

 Now I'm in a great mood. Shoot me.

 Oh great I'm a shovenest. Great great great great day (guess what replaces great) My great stupid brother is so greatly annoying. Just because he's ill he can't have a great go at me, I've been at great school and he's so greatly mean!

 Gather round kids, i'm going to tell you a tale of old... The story begins on a dark night... The wind was howling howlingly (howl-howl) in great howling howls, and the owl was hooting (hoot-hoot) like a great hooting...thing. Speaking of things.... there was a thing. It was the thingyest thing in the history of thingy-thing like thingy-things. It moved across the ground as thingyly as a thing... THEN it took from it's pocket.... a thing of things! but this was not just any thing of things.... this thing of things was the thing.... OF THING! (THING is a thingy-type-place in the forbiddon land of the land of thing.) The thing carrying the thing of thing-like-things from thing in the land of thing was... The Izzy-thing! This Izzy-thing was the most beaytiful, brave, daring, truthful...loyal...friendly...generous thing. The Izzy-thing was on her way to the thingy-type-place called THING in the forbidding land of thing with a thing of thing-like things BECAUSE (this is where it gets interesting honest) she had been commanded by the all-powerful thing to put them in the smelly-toilet of the Evil Katie-Thing (told you) so that they would explode into smelly-thing-like-things and cover the Katie-thing and the THING in the forbidding land of thing in green smelly-thing. AND SHE DID. THE END

 wow this is the first time that there hasnt been anyone annoying on msn (katie) so i can type a long blog like the onhe i lost! bet you're ll really excited now! so... i forgot all the stuff i wrote about. damn. oh well.

 VOTE FOR MINTON AS THE TUTOR GROUP REP!

 traaaalaaalaaaaaaaaaaaa dont reeely no what tooo rite about todayeeeeeee cos i thinks that i is going crayzeeee! hahahahahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa. ha. khnbozildgbhaigbh. thing.

 Hmm! Oh it was fun walking home today because I saw this cute cat! And it followed me for a bit, then I saw another and I stroked it. I think I have a catmagnitism! I even get on with Smuge, my Grandpa's evil scratchy cat! Oh and Brodie is sooooo huge. He's about twise the size of the others. Oh and before you think I'm skipping school ;) Hehe...no I'm not... Yeah, we missed period five today: maths! Yipiedoo!

 (Where is Izzy?) CAUSE I NEED TO KNOW THE HOMEWORK!

 Izzy should post longer posts!

 Oh today was fun. I walked home, that was fun...That's the best thing about school, it actually makes you appretiate getting home, away from some people (I'd prefer not to disclose that information :)) The one thing that's in my head when I'm walking home-I need the loo! I all ways do when I'm walking home! I think it's because I never go in the school loo's, yes, that's right! I never ever have been in the school loo's! I never need to go! (Queer girl) Yup :) I walked past a load of horse poo, it's become like a land mark: you're nearly home. The horse has either come back and stood on it or it's been trodden on by thousands of school kids...Hmm I'm betting on the Mum's push chair cot thingys (Well I don't know do I!) Before you get the idea that I'm 3, I'm not, I'm 13! (Wow aint she old?) Not really... Yeah I think I'll try to jazz this up (there is a way!) Something to do with adding a thingy? (Yup, I get it) And something to do with putting a bravenet.com counter thingy on! So we can see how miserably no one views this! (Cause if any one did they'd probably e-mail me to beg me to stop boring them!) Apart from I'll probably press refreshx100 and fix it ;) I bet that's what every one does! Oh sorry, I'm just trying to get the full out of my internet use because my brother's all ways on, yup, I do blab too much! (And what's up with all the yup's???

 Yeah it has! (Stupid Izzy!) Aint this cool? Oh Mango was climbing up the curtains! He got all the way up so now he's in the sin-bin! Oh and we're watching Star trek night! Does everything I type have to end with a : ! I wonder? Odviously not... I finally kicked my brother off (wooh!) But tomorrow's school :( Not good! Oh and the full-stop button's under the > ;) (Stupid girl) Hey that's been said twise! Oh and have you put a link to this on your webby? Add a link to: http://saneasakitten.blogspot.com although I think that I'm a bit saner than my kittens!

 has it posted my last blog twice or am i seeing in double vision??

 arghh!!! so annoying i typed a reeeellly long blog and i tried to post & publish it but it said it couldnt so i had to sign out and when i got back it wasnt there boohoooooooo and now i have to come off which is poo aswell oh well ill do it anotherday i think i've developed a strange cas of amnesia and forgotten how to use the full-stop button

 arghh!!! so annoying i typed a reeeellly long blog and i tried to post & publish it but it said it couldnt so i had to sign out and when i got back it wasnt there boohoooooooo and now i have to come off which is poo aswell oh well ill do it anotherday i think i've developed a strange cas of amnesia and forgotten how to use the full-stop button

 Well wasn't that fun? I lost my blogger, then I just found it! (Some times I admaze myself)

 One bad thing I've found about having three cats-I only have two hands and one lap.

 Well this is new I guess...hmm...Izzy? Guess Izzy's gonna see this...(hehehe) Hmm at the moment I've got my brother blasting away on his guitar...he's recorded it so he can play the trumpet at the same time (Aargh!) Oh and our front door's wide open because my dad just painted the step (any one want to nick a tv?) Yeay! He broke the trumpet...well...our school's trumpet...Oh well. I walked into our kitchen and the kittens started to tear me to shreds! (We have three, and they love to be stroked) They're sooo cute though! When they're not scratching... Mmm I should have breakfast soon! My rabbit's running around our garden. We introduced her to one of our cats called Mango and it tried to bite her neck! So she's still a bit freaked but I guess they're just gonna have to work on their relationship. Our old cat Scamp used to get a bit annoyed by Agoutie (our rabbit) because she used to follow him around all the time! (Aww!) I'm getting kicked off now, guess any one reading this is as confused as me! Cleo, Brodie and Mango are the kittens, Agouties's my rabbit, Scamp and Pixie were our old cats but they passed away :(

 i know i know i said 8:30 and it was posted at 8:34 but that just goes to show how tired i was and how long it took to write. night.

 argghh its like 8:30 and im really tired so i think im just gonna go to bed... .... *snore* sorry i thought of interesting stuff to write about but i dont think i have the strength night.

 *Yawn* Eugh, so tired! I woke up at half eight today ...don't ask why. I have to go out at about 10:40 though so I can meet people ...zzz. Don't really know if getting up that early is worth it. I missed out on a whole lot of beauty sleep. About the kitchen, we were gonna have liner or whatever on the floor but to do that you had to rip up the old stuff and scree...? And that would cost a bomb. Then the guy showed us some expensive carpet and I was like "Eh, yeah right we're gonna have that." So then he showed us these bits of wood you clip together. Dad was thinking about doing it *shiver* at this rate who needs a new floor? My mum likes this really really bad wallpaper and I like the good one (it's always the way) Hehe, I got my brother on my side. Don't ask me where Izzy is, I think she's disappeared off the side of the Earth. She's neglecting the blog! :O It's awful! Oh my God, the world is ending. Oh my God, the world is nigh. (Stupid song, the less questions asked the better) Oh, my mum keeps going on about this thing in bond. This guy says to M "I don't think you have the balls for this job" and M says "At least I don't have to think with them all the time." Hehe, it has all this really played down weird stuff in it! Cool!

 The people are coming to fit our kitchen today! They're an hour late already. Wow, highs of 11oC in britsol! Some hopw my rabbits back in her hutch, she escaped last night and we couldn't get her back in! Aww, I want Cleo back. :( She's at the cattery with the rest of the monsters because the kitchen's being fitted. Mango would probably get stuck in the fridge or something if they were here! Wow, are they here? Looks like they are! ...they're upstairs? And the kitchens downstairs? Have I missed something? Oh, I might have to go, they're gonna turn the electrics off. :( Back to the ice age I guess. Word of advice ...pink is the colour of the world. Have fun figuring that out! Bubi!

 Er I mean 17:45... God, I wouldn't get up at 5:45 if my life depended on it!

 Sorry, last blog got cut off. It was because of the guy doing our kitchen, he needed the computer turned off so he could turn off the electrics. So any way what was I saying? Oh, nothing important! All that stuff about foot-and-mouth, I haven't seen any of it. Some people (not saying any thing) were afraid that the country side would be full of it! Well none that I saw was. Hey, the governments paying me well to say this stuff! Hehe, wish it was. My Dad's gone mad on Kelly's ice-cream. Apparently it's from Cornwall and every time its out he likes to tell every one. Hmm. I'm beginning to think that the world hasn't gone mad, I have. Oh yeah forgot to say this all this time, DEATH TO MACDONALD'S! Hey, sue me. Wow! It's ike pitch black and it's only 5:45!

 Hehe I just read an American persons blog, talking about the Yankees or something? My Mum just asked me if I wanted to go out for a walk. I just saw a load of people rolling around in the mud with motor-bikes. I just watched this guy on the news. Made me feel really English and made me laugh. Dunno why though. Hehe, how different we all are, made me realise I guess. As far as I get it, English people have boring lives. Well, I do. Boring and cold! We don't eat cream scones with tea. Infact, I hate tea! Oh, Cornwall's a really tacky place, well actually not a lot of it is. The rest is devoted to walkers, some is devoted to surfers, whatevers left is of course devoted to me. ;) Nah, it's got nice gardens and things. Ok, so on Neighbours some one almost died from drinking alcohol!

 Oh well, blogger lost my last post. :( *sniff sniff* It was a moral rambling one! Hmm, maybe it saw how rubbish it was and decided not to put it on? Brr, my house is like an igloo. Coooold! We've got a guy here fitting electrics in our kitchen. No, we're not stuck in the ice age, he's changing the sockets round to different locations or something... He's making a lot of funny noises though! Guess we'll walk in and have a wall ripped out or some thing. Well maybe that's why my house is cold! Maybe it's me... Maybe it's the fact that the kittens have gone to a kitten hotel for three whole days! Maybe it's the fact that I talk to much. Hmm. Well I finished reading The Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood. I love that book! It's really good, but now I've got nothing to do... :( Hmm... take over the world? Nah, too old fashioned. Make you want to pull your hair out because of boredom? Now that's living! Why don't I get any interesting e-mails? Maybe it's because I'm so interesting that no e-mail can out-interest me! Maybe it's because I say maybe too much... Maybe it's because I think too much. Ooh fun fun fun! Tonight we're having fish and chips! Mmm, yummy! Sorry, that popped into my head. It's because we're ripping the kitchen out for the new one. The people are coming to fit it tonight! Oh God, sad thought, I've been inside my house for three days. Eugh, I need to get out more. What is there to do in Nailsea? Oh yes, go swimming, freeze to death. Lovely. Go ice-skating freeze to death again, hmm. Cinema? Oh great, go to the Curzon every single time I want to go. The Curzon is one of the oldest Cinema's in the UK or something but I've got there that many times that I'm getting annoyed with it! Mmm I just drank some milk, it was warm and some thing slithered down my throat. Blurgh! I get the feeling my brothers going crazy he wrote 'Just because I have my eyes' on a piece of paper... (Cuckoo!) Well sorry to bore you! Erm... piece of advice... erm... only do what your alphabet soup tells you to!

 You woke up at nine? *Gasp* Arrghh today i counted over 200 CRANEFLIES! Arghhh! they're everywhere! Hey talking of Pagan festivals, did you know that if i became a Pagan i would be celebrated! Cos my birthday is on 21st of December (hint hint) and thats the winter equinox thingy.. yeah.... *proud grin* Hey - someone typed in peanut shells on google search and found our site! I mentioned peanut shells like- once, and it came up on the search! I'm gonna try that! Hi sad person who found us on Google! Why would you search for peanut shells anyway??

 Hey. Eugh I woke up at nine today... yes, it's true. Well every thing's been taken out of our kitchen because the electrical guy was supposed to be coming but I forgot to tell my parents that he's coming on Monday. So I'm hiding in the computer at the moment. They're at the vet though cause Cleo's gotta have her stitches out! Aw, poor little girly! Mango's going a bit mad and he climbed all the way up the curtains! So I'm not the only one whose in trouble. Tired... Oh and the person's coming to fix the kitchen on Tuesday and Wednesday, not Monday and Tuesday so we're in one big pickle over here. Mmm pickles... Hey isn't Wednesday Halloween? Hehe, maybe I can scare the kitchen fitting people! Some one was saying that Halloween was a Christian festival? I don't know about in America but in England isn't it considered a Pagan festival? Hmm what's it about again... erm isn't it about all the bad spirits and things running around at night? Well I'm pretty sure it's not Christian because I am one, my Mum told us it's Pagan and she has a super Christian friend. (She never misses church and always does all the raising money for the church stuff) And she doesn't give out sweets and her kids have never done trick or treating. I did that once. Guess what I was. A ghost! A sheet ghost! They come in the night and... and... nick your sheets! Ooga booga! (I should be an actress!) Oh yeah, they've decided to rip the pews out in our church! Then they've decided to rip out the balcony, rip up the stone floor and do other horrific things to it! Hey, why not just knock it down and build a new church? We got a letter about it and they want us to send them letters. I want to send them angry letters but they only want ones from people over 16. Grrr. That's just annoying. Wow I'm watching car racing... queer huh? Well I can either watch stupid pop people prancing about on channel one and three, this car thing on four or a programme for deaf people on two. Hard choice. Live long and prosper!

 Hehe go Izzy! Oh, I've gotta go and watch tv with my Mum! Sorry about lack of blogs but my life's getting interesting! Ok, ok, I'm getting too busy... Laura's having a wierd laughy day! Have a nice day.

 You go girl!!!! I've heard them saying stuff about me before like i'm deaf - it was funny, i just turned around and stared straight at them, they knew that i'd heard. That was funny. It's funny how you can turn something like that into something that makes you laugh by just doing a simple action. They cheated in the french test!!! That reeaaallly pisses me off grr..... they judge people by things like what they wear and what their preferences are, whereas I judge people after knowing them long enough to know that they're self-obsessed, shallow, uncultured, closed-minded, COWS No offence to cows or anything.

 These people were staring at me in maths. I'm not perfect, I don't pretend to be. They started as I walked out. The bitches. I knew they were saying "Oh my God look at her!" I heard my name, I heard it all. I stomped home. A rare occasion where you actually stomp. I felt like the heated devil. I was mad. I thought about them, who were they to judge me? I don't care what they think but I care what they do. They don't care what happens to people that they pick on. Something weird happened. This thought started to make me feel better and I held my head my high (I never do that) And I thought I don't care what any one thinks. I was still stomping though. But then I got stuck behind this year seven who stopped in the middle of the path for a bit and then started walking. He made me laugh. Thanxs mate. So I didn't feel like the heated devil, I felt like the devil wearing a frilly pink tu-tu on ice. :) Just spreading some happiness (rare). Don't care what any one thinks, especially bitches. Oh and by the way... DEATH TO LISA BODEN. Hey, I can be a bit angry can't I?

 urlLink Hehe... if you like that sort of thing.

 Oh yeah my kittens have just been given the chop, if you know what I mean. ;) So Mango's walking around like he's drunk!

 How sad am I? More to the point, how sad are you to read this?

 I've got a bit addicted to these things! I AM 44% GOTH. urlLink Oh My Goth! You Goth, Girl. There is a good chance I am bi. Freakiness pumps through my viens, but I can still laugh at myself. urlLink Take the GOTH Test at Fuali.com!

 I AM 51% GEEK. urlLink Nerd, Freak, Geek, Dweeb. Sound familiar? That's okay, cause I will be the richest person at my 15th year high-school reunion. If a "con" isn't happening that weekend. urlLink Take the GEEK Test at Fuali.com! Oh yeah!

 What is the point of having fourty odd people on a msn list and none of them talking? Has the whole world decided to go silent? Well... I have... erm. That is to say that I've gone silent. Apart from blogger! Yeah blogger doesn't judge you (well the people who see it do) it doesn't care if you get angry or sad and it doesn't ignore you if you do! Perfect friend? Maybe so...

 Maybe Minton's been sending you secret messages? You might as well do whatever you do to find out because the person odviously wants you to know.

 I'm scared cos i've got two emails from this stupid www.crushlink.com saying i have a secret admirier and i'm getting really scared now.

 Hey I'm better now... maybe not because now Izzy's going to have a go at me saying how did you put that picture on? Sigh. Why does every one have to be so judgemental. Why can't every one accept what they see? Maybe I'm not better. Sometimes you might not want to but don't you have to? What happens when you hallucinate? Guess it's hard to see what's real then. Some thing to think about...or not. Thanxs for making me happy, I'll go unblock every one now.

 I should go, I'm in a bad mood.

 Flods? I must be losing my marbles. I mean floods! Oh hey, Izzy if there's any small minute chance that you see this, then phone me about the homework! Pretty please? Oh, I might as well phone Laura. Mmm I keep thinking about my pom-pom coat! Hehe...maybe I should go and search for it! Hmm...dodgey government! They're putting a programme on about teachers. Think they're hinting something? Oh I mucked this up by putting a poll on, but don't worry, I took it off. Umm I'm looking at some one talking a class full of boys...hey! I know what you're thinking! Hehe, a kid asked do you feel imtimidated by us! Wish I had the nerve...hehe... Fun, teaching? Don't those usually not mix? I really should change the channel and get off the net. Oh and if any one finds my marbles e-mail me at urlLink notyetcracked@hotmail.com Or find another way of annoying me. (See Izzy)

 Flods. Oh great. It's a purple monkey! My brother went all out and downloaded BonziBUDDY and oooh baby isn't it bad. It kind of makes you wanna punch it. Weirdest voice in the world. Wow. These people get a thrill out of making a CBBC website. Hehe, chat about there new look, no seriously do they think eight year olds would want to watch this programme? What am I doing watching it any way? Oh yeah, Neighbours is on. Good, America's sleeping. That means the nets not busy! Is America sleeping? Oh and Izzy, I missed Flint the Time Detective! I'm sorry! Oh and you know every one says we're hippies. Well I don't know about Izzy but I'm closer to a jitter. (Jitter? Gitter?) Hehe. We should go to a party (if we ever get invited to one) and be hippies! Just to overly piss them off. We're not hippies though. They're just judging us by what we wear. Hmm...wonder if you can punch the monkey. Oh and about walking home...! Well my brother started shouting at me but I thought he was shouting at some one else so he legged it down the field! Hehe. Prettttty quickly as well! Yeay! If my knee keeps this up then the growing pains will stop me from doing cross-country (Oh-no I really care) Well at least it's not affecting my weight...Is it?! Aargh! Oh great force fead carrots... Umm any one want to come round my house every day and eat carrots? Didn't think so. Hey I'll try to post Izzy on this with HTML! And she won't be able to...muhaha! Live long and eat carrots.

 Good for you Izzy. Yes, I'm here. Sorry I wasn't here yesterday and you had to look at Izzy's blog... Hehe. Some one got here by typing in 'halloween costumes dirt cheap' on Yahoo. Scary thought huh? Well I changed the sub heading thingy to Ca me tuait! Hehe. Guess what that means. Oh, oh! I have a cool furry coat with pom poms! Wow! Well...I'm getting it for Christmas but we bought it and I'm actually going to get it! Stupid people in boot room! I want to buy this pair of shoes (like really really four weeks want to) and I need it in size nine. But I can't get it! :( They never have it in stock and the people at the boot room look down on you and it's scary in there... Mmm food. I haven't had any breakfast cause we're going out for dinner and I got up about half an hour ago! So at the moment I'm thinking about eating the computer... tempting thought... Wow. I really do have a boring life! Who did kill Mr Body any way? Err...my brothers locked himself in his room and he's listening to Lady smith black mambazo or something like that. Have fun with your life. Bubi.

 There are peanut shells eveywhere you look in my house - there's always some peanuts somewhere, and i think i'm starting to turn into a peanut. It's now been declared my official hobby - Cracking peanut shells. I'll have to add that to our list of crazy things. I think i'm going to turn into a peanut soon cos i seem to smell faintly of peanut butter.

 Helooo! Eugh...I'm beginning to think that eating a whole bag of Chocolate Eclairs is not good for your health... Eugh. But, the question on everyone's lips is who killed Mr Body? I think it was Laura, but she wasn't in the game... I'm also wondering why I'm not asleep but I'm not finding the answer... Oh and hey Minton isn't that scary... sorry about the delayed annoyance that's me. Nothing to type, compared to everything else this has to be the most boring blog ever... Oh, sorry Izzy, I forgot to look at your blogs. Wow! Mine looks like a masterpiece now! (Hehe) Scroll down to see better ones or e-mail urlLink notyetcracked@hotmail.com to correct my spelling or otherwise annoy me. Have a nice day!

 What's scary about my life. 1. I don't actually have a life, it's a illusion that some small genetically modified lamposts made up to keep themselves interesting during their summer break from school. 2. I'm tryping this, proving Izzy's theory about us being mad true. 3. Izzy keeps mentioning the fact that her five year old brother 'fancies' me and Izzy's going to have her face rearranged. Remember Izzy I have a lot of dirt on you! (All I'm saying is a pillow and someone called Sam G...) 4. Chris keeps jumping on my bad and not getting spiked by my spikes. (That was the whole purpose of me having spikes on my bag.) 5. The thought that we have no control over our lives, what happens, happens . Fate it fate. (Don't dempt fate, especially with green candy floss. 6. Yes, Jason the oogly-boogly weird eyed person is scary! BUT HE FANCIES IZZY! So ha! (And I'm not going to let that go either...hehe.) 7. David the other scary person who hangs round with us. What's even more scary is Emma likes him. Oh about the pink flares. No. We don't get embarrassed... Oh Laura. Astro poo has been the word of the year! Erm tell your Mum to give us worms! Hehe, I'm gonna go do what I do best. Muck up urlLink this website! Scary no. 8. I've got the song Sven Erikson in my head because of Laura and I can't get it out! 9. People actually see this! Oh on a ending note-FREE THE LAMP POSTS!

 arrrrgghhh stupid scary annoying sister. oh and i forgot to mention STRESSY. i dont see whats wrong with having a friend called minton who lives in a filing cabinet(that proves izzys theory of us living crazy lives) anyway we've discovered that minton now lives in th cupboard in H8. well at least there wer some v. strange noises coming from there.i also noticed today that the evil person does keep giving us threatning stares! wow i broke my record for walking home today, how exciting. woo hoo. and i had to walk on my own. there were lots of scary people aswell. and all the scary mums were giving me scary looks .oh well. by the way my mums obssesing about what to give us for tea tommorrow(????????) word of the day:Astro poo

 So what is so crazy about our lives? well.. 1) We have a scary person who follows us round trying to give us threataning stares 2) And a person who follows us round talking like a two-year old and trying to give us hugs all the time 3) And their idiot friend. 4) We live have a friend called minton who is purple and yellow and lives in a filing cabinate 5) I have a five-year old brother who's idea of fun is bringing his friends round and shooting lazer-beams at the fire-breathing alien (me) whenever i walk into the room. 6) Katie has my five-year old brother too - for a boyfriend (i'm not gonna let this one go so easily) 7) We're doing an R.E project about legalising cannabis, and I'm campaigning to dress up as a cannabis leaf 8) I have to face two-and-a-half hours of David Greening (see 2) ) at a music centre every sataurday. 9) We walk round our small boring village wearing strange clothes like pink flares (well, actually - i wear the pink flares and the others get embarrassed) 10) We spend our spare time playing on My brothers Bananas in Pyjamas computer game. Wow, and i bet kes can think of loads more - or else we'll have to declare our lives boring! NOOO!

 Hey my brother's five not three! Oh and the cool site that only has one link so far wow! And yeayyy tomorrow's friday which means no maths and no homework for the next day!! It also means going round to lauras and playing pictionary (just when you thought we couldn't get any sadder) and finding out who killed mr.boddy! Speaking of idiot laura - where's she gone? It's all you fault kes - you scared her off with all your moral ramblings! So anyway - HI ALL THE PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN SEEING THIS AND THINKING THAT KES IS THE ONLY PERSON ON IT - IT'S ME TOO! SHE'S NOT THE ONLY ONE WITH A CRAZY LIFE - LOOK AT MY LIFE, I'M FRIENDS WITH HER!

 Happy smiley people holding hands!

 Hehe, I sneaked a counter in at the bottom of the page and no one's noticed! It's kind of admazing how far up it's got... okay... half of it was me. But people have been seeing it! Honest! No, don't go............. Nooooooooooo!

 Oh, I have to tell you everything I guess because...you're my blog! (Yes I'm the original non-sane one...I don't think this is keeping me sane!) Any way, Izzy three year old brother told me he loved me and I'm his girlfriend! I think I'll leave it there... Oh and Izzy... HE'S DUMPED! Aww, let him down gently ;)

 Hey well aim works... But I want msn to work! Okay okay, shut up Katie and go on geocities, I get the picture...

 Oh great, msn still doesn't work. (Think I'm hacked?) Probably knowing my luck! Well I was thinking (Oh dear.) about how you don't actually know what's going on in my head. You can't even begin to think what it's like. No one can know everything about some one because they might not tell you stuff. So you may be reading this and seeing a different side to me than I see and every one else does. We all have different layers, some times we show more than we would want to. (No gross thoughts ok?) So think about it! Grrr...stupid msn...*cough* Any way, umm, ok Izzy, I'll try to go on geocities!

 Do you recon my brother evilly did something to my computer so I can't go on for long?! Hey...I should do that!

 Hmm woooh nothing works!

 WOW! I actually got on this! Well my brother's been hogging it, and I can't get on msn! :( Hmm, four small blogs, as in one sentance per blog. Two largish ones...oh yeah, right! Hehe, look what I've done though! Hehe I'm watching this really stupid paintball programme yeay! PE was really annoying. Becki had a thing about ignoring Emma and me, but then we had to show it. So I kind of crouched down for the whole thing saying 'Emma! What are they doing?' Cause they added loads more stuff. Hmm, fun fun fun! Then, when I was walking home (yes, it's Izzy's favourtie subject) I went a bit crazy and started classing every one as sweets... No, I'm not going mad *cough* hey! So erm, oh, I'll tell you if you want to hear it or not! These two parents, and two little kids walked past and one of the kids was wearing these stupid but cool sun glasses. So they were sweet. Then this 'lady' walked past. She sucked her lip in, refused to look at me and tarted about. She was sour. Then this weird man walked past and I couldn't work it out so he was lolly pop...I'm sure you're all admazed by this! Hmm, why is my internet soooo rubbish? I'll just stay on this cause it's the only thing that works...no, to keep your sanity I'd better go. Oh and Izzy I'm trying to put Zigganought on geocities! (If it'll ever load!)

 Ha! You can't complain now katie! 4 small blogs and two largeish ones in 2 days! So :P Anyway! We have to blab on about the stupid (ok then cool) zigganought thing! so far: Zigganout - the flawless hero alien person The Silent Carrot - When spoken to, nods or shakes head or uses vague sign language, never says a word ar changes expression. Everyone refers to him as Him. You write the rest - i have to go.

 what is with my typing today?? i spelt everything wrong too. how admazing.

 *was

 And it as all yellow

 then evrything would be grey.

 what if you were colour blind against pink?

 argghh Katie's turning into the electric monk.. what's wrong with a pink world anyway? It would solve a lot of problems like... uh... People who are colour-blind! Yeah! and uh....trying to decide what colour to paint your wall! ok i'm yalking rubbish now aren't i? An orange world would be kind of good though if you think about it cos you wouldn't have to remember all the different names of different types of fruit because they'd just all be oranges. But that would be kind of bad actually cos you wouldnt be able to tell fruit polos apart - you'd just have to guess when you took one out of a packet whether or not it's an orange one, cos you might think it was a purple and it would end up being a gross-tasting orange which could get a little annoying. But on the other hand, if the world was blue you wouldn't be able to tell the ground from the sky and you might end up walking upside down. But- if the world was green that would be really god because you could eat all your favourite foods and you wouldn't have to eat green vegetables because all the other foods would be green - wow! That would be so cool- if your mum told you to eat your greens up you could go and eat a bar of green chocolate instead. but that ould kind of backfire because we'd all be grossley unhealthy.

 Ok, I know it looks gross but I'm working on it!

 PINK I TELL YOU! THE WORLD'S PINK!

 Ahh...hmm, well Izzy's home page is coming up in orange instead of blue...

 Come on work!

 Oh umm I have to post and publish to get it to show Izzy's site. Pointless blog.

 Oh hehe, I was supposed to add Izzy's site... I got this e-mail from seeker.net or something saying about submitting my blogger to the net! (Scary thought!) And it was like 'it's really cheap...' yeah, I bet it is. Only $40 or something stupid! Hmm, well it is! $59 for one time, $14.95 a month! Hey, I got this free, I don't wanna go dishing out money! Any way, why not promote your site yourself? More fun and you can understand the internet more... Any one got $59? How much is that in 's any way?

 Just thinking about the Halloween thingy we're gonna do...wanna go trash the school? Hehehe. No, really. Wooohoooo! We've got no school on Monday! Wooooo! Wow, just sunk in. Oh god, you know some one who has a voice that drags on and it's like shut up?! (Just pretend you do!) Well any way umm it's got some one like that on the radio...why am I listening to the radio? Oh no, no NO! I'm listening to country and western radio! I'll just go break it...be right back... You'll now be happy to know that it's stopped. Any way are we gonna have a Halloween party? Oh and are we going to go trick or treating? My parents give out scabby treats, but no one ever comes round...the way I see it is if they get nice stuff and no one comes I get it! Ohh...I feel sick...hmm maybe it's because I've been on the playstation for ages? I was trying to destroy this boss and I tried three times! All adding up to about an hour! Then I finally defeated him (yeay!) and he unleashed this attack after he died...and I died too...Grr! Hey Laura, you a skin head then or what? Oh I'm sorry Izzy, giving me and Laura site exposure (clever huh?) I'll add your site to the links bit *sigh* Hey! Does our expage thingys still work? Do me a favour Izzy and go check! Oh and can some one please blog! Cause at the moment I keep talking to myself...and although I'm the head of freaks there aren't any freaks online! :( Boohoo, all alone. Any way can you think up a sub-title thingy cause I put it as 'Can it' cause I was in a bad mood...ehe...so umm any better ones? Oh and maybe I could muck around with the HTML and make our website...PINK! I'll try, might make me sick though. Have a fundidileoodle day!

 Mmm! Wooh! I'm so happy because minton's home page is almost finished! Oh, that was a que for a link...yeay, urlLink minton's home page So check it out!...please...

 Hey, I calmed down! Don't ask me what I'm doing up at nine in the morning because I don't know! Guess I'm just a little bit too weird today...weird and sleepy...zzz... Hmm I had a dream, I can't remember what it was about or what happened in it, but that's just me. I was thinking before I had the dream, about how my brother had cancer, and my Nanny had it, About how my Nanny and Grandma died of the same thing, fate? Well it makes me think how lucky we are to be alive! And when you talk about some one (behind their back odviously) all you talk about is the bad things, why not talk about the good things? Be happy to be alive! If you aren't then...well...it's like you're wasting a life. Just be happy with what you've got, who cares if your best friend's a millionaire and all you've got is a few quid? Money doesn't make you happy. It just makes you greedy, and want to show off. When you show off it makes people feel bad, so what's the point of it? Communism was a good idea I guess, just had corrupt leaders that liked killing people. I think American's were afraid of it because it ment that every one was equal, had the same amount of money, clothes and every thing! Some parts of America are glittering with money, and some are poor. I don't think they could try it because all the rich people would become a little bit poorer which is not the Americans way of life. Have a nice day and try to ignore me if you can!

 Alien ant farm nabbed SMOOTH CRIMINAL! THAT'S MICHAEL'S SONG, YOU IDIOTS YOU RUINED IT! SEE PREVIOUS POST FOR INFORMATION ON MY ANGER RATING! OH GOD, THIS GUY HAS A VOICE THAT YOU WANT TO STRANGLE! WHY IS THAT GUY THROWING THAT GUITAR ABOUT? HE CAN'T EVEN PLAY IT FOR PETE'S SAKE! I REALLY NEED TO STOP WATCHING THIS AND CALM DOWN! LET'S SEE WHAT'S ON 2! Ahh...better! I just wanna go and trash a pop store at the moment!

 ...I'm sorry, I must be in shock. I'm watching Top of the Pops for raisons unknown. (Very big raisins) First I watched this guy in a cilt *whatever*...a gold one prancing about with bimbo's in the backround singing "it's alright to be my mate" or something. He then added "I want to get drunk here with you" which I was not very impressed by. The crappy producers at totp the continued their crappy run by calling Ash rock. Now I'm watching two people dressed in white rolling on the floor...Which brings me to the question WHAT ON EARTH IS HAPPENING TO EVERY ONE? Have you all gone hollow in the head or something?! I like rock ok, rock as in THE GOOD MUSIC oh and ska. I haven't met one person who can honestly say they don't like ska. And this crappy music you call 'disco' music, I ask, what is the point? Why do we want to see boys prancing round in stupid costumes 'dancing?' Why? Now we have a load of pop people pretending to be like rock on. Get a life. I mean the bimbos in the backround of that song. Really, is our society so slow that all we have on the tv are bimbo's. Let's have a news flash. News: four girls found in Nailsea, big news, NOT BIMBO'S OR SLUTS!!! Isn't that fab? Then singing about drinking and how cool it is. Do these people care? No. All they care is that they get our money. Why listen to music that makes you think that to be normal you have to be this: | thin and look like a modle, throw yourselves at men and drink and smoke to look 'cool'? Please...NOOO! Oh God, they made a song about Sven Erikson *sigh* now this is the stuff that makes you embarasssed to be British...not that I am err...*cough* Yet again we have the bimbo's, and these people who can't even sing. Then they have these 'thugs' they stereotype men as 'thugs' and women as 'bimbos' I HATE THAT! WHY DO WE ALL HAVE TO BE NORMAL ANYWAY? I say stuff that, be yourself, be individual oh and if you see Eminem KILL HIM! Sorry about this moral blabing, I must be in a bad mood or something! Have a nice day.

 Hi there laura! i got your really great email reminding me of what we heard 1000 times! I think we're kind of brainwashed i am an idiot by it and we might just start saying i am an idiot in the i am an idiot of a sentance without realising it i am an idiot. So anyway, after my stupid angry computer decided it would make my day by deleting all my rambling about cross country i'll type it all again for all you lucky things to read - No i won't, i'm fed up of thinking about it. Hey i've just got an email back to me saying that my reply to laura@aol.com *way to post Laura's e-mail, sorry had to change it for Laura's sake* or whatever (wonder who she is) could not be delivered because you don't accept emails with attachments yaahda yaahda yaah... but there were no attatchments! Grrrr.... So that's why you didnt get the logo thingy ohhhhhh... see my powers of deception are admazing. And arghh!!! these stupid boys keep following us around, we so are freak magnets, and katie hasa decided that she's the head of the COF Gang (Collection Of Freaks) and that we're all freaks. (Speak for yourself) And Nooooooooo I have to put up with scary freaky derranged David Greening at Orchestra tomorrow. The words Why Me? come to mind.... He should be given the Nobel Freak Prize for biggest freak. And Charlotte still owes me 3 !! Her stupid brother took it grrrr... Or DID HE? find out after the break.

 Hmm

 Oh sorry Izzy, I got off. Oh and POST LONGER BLOGS! I forgot the please... please

 arrrrrrgggghhhh. so tired. stoopid cross country. yeah woobly is better than wobbly. it makes you laugh when you say it. i'm proud of my 1000 i am a idiots. And it was all yelllloooow. doo dee doo dee doo. anyway on to walking home. it was cold. and claire was walking at 0.001 miles an hour when i really wanted to get home. oh well. i went to mace to buy my stash of bubble gum. stoopid stoopid stoopid brace .and once again i come back to aaarrrrrgggggghhh.Ughhhhh we have english tommorow all we do is sit there while old nutters blabs on about plurals . and then he confuses you by starting to talk about a programme he watched last night , right in the middle of his sentence. i suppose hes an okay compared to that osbourne bloke. ahhhhh more p.e. nooooooooooooooooooooo....... well once i got home sat down with my bubble gum and watched crossroads , then i watched neighbours and now i'm here.

 but it deleted my big long grumbling blog about cross country when i clicked on properties by accident! boohoo!

 hello!!! i'm online!!! are you here! you just put in a blog!! hey!!

 Changing something-usless blog!

 Stupid java file!

 Heloo! Today's Friday, hmm, I just wrote Friday by accident! Wish it was Friday, but unfrotunatly it's Thursday! Oh interesting stuff happening...not a lot, apart from Dumbo Laura saying 'I am an idiot' 1,000 times! Yes, she kept count! (Nuts) I was like really early home too! I'm so happy! I kind of ran out, at jogging pace! Well today my knees killed and they started going half way across the field that I walk over! (field, I mean playing field of a school, not a country one!) and it hurt a lot. :( And then it decided to be smean and not let me bend it which, if you're trying to walk hurts a lot. You would think that if your knees hurt you would walk slowly, odviously I'm an exception because I legged it home more than usual because of the pain. When I got home, I pumped myself full of Ibruprofen, actually two tablets and got hassled by the cats. I'm in a colapsed state, state of mind really but my knees have gone all woobly. Isn't woobly so much better than wobbly?! (See what I mean by collapsed!) Two l's or one? I don't know, I've colapsed. *Whatever* Oh yeay Neighbours is on! (Wooh!) In...about an hour. :( Well see ya! Keep on woobling!

 Wow Laura's on! *que cheer* I'm talking to Kat! Yeay! *que other cheer* Oh and sorry about not coming on yesterday but my mean brother was on! Send hate mail to... nah, I'm not that mean...hehe. Ahh well, she went. Hmm I think I have a blocked bug *passes it to Izzy...gets it back because Izzy already has it* Oh and I don't know what's up with the *'s! Never mind Katie, we all know that you need help. Fun fun fun walking home yesterday! Hehe, well firstly I got my trousers on back to front after pe (go on, have a good laugh then) and you know the crease you get at the front? Well it was sticking into my bum, now trying to cover this up I was overly swinging my boot bag and I think I had my umbrella up and was kind of being blown away. I was talking to this girl next to me about being blown away and kind of doing the stupid things you do when I realise she hadn't even noticed me. So I got blown away, looking and walking like a idiot. (Life's cruel) Oh deary me. Any way today I walked home again! WOW! And err, it was fun! I walked with these people for a bit, then stampeeded off on my own. But I got to a point when this boy-I-know's-sister was walking in front of me. I mean slower than a snail walking. She's a bit queer actually. She had a habit of getting to a point then running along for a bit (?) crazy if you ask me...Maybe she was chasing an invisable raisin that had got away? She looked really stupid because she was carrying her bag on her shoulders with her hands (try to understand) and flaling her legs this way and that and her bag kept swinging and hitting her. Thus making her look more like a monkey than a...monkey! Hehe, actually I think she was a bit gone in the head, and we all know about that don't we Izzy and Laura I'm a bit scared about Friday because, get this Laura I HAVE TO WALK TO SCHOOL! shock shock horror horror! I'm sorry, I just like using the italic and bold things! Wow, we're thinking of having a Halloween sleep over! Laura and me are going as witches! Wow! Izzy's going as an alien *no comment otherwise I'll get told off! ;)) And it's gonna be fun! Or at least I think it is...oh well. Oh geepers! Neighbours is gonna be on in half an hour! Wow, hmm, is it better than Eastenders...? (Sorry to end on that boring question but my brains frizzled out with piano work and it's not bothered to think of anything else to say!)

 that was laura by the way, in case you had'nt guessed

 wow so this works. its kinda dudey. i got bored so i have a dumb username.where are you people? did anyone see neighbours? it was bbbooooorrrrriiinnnnggg. what wos question 5 on the maths thing. i did'nt walk home today but i went into nailsea and get this... I GOT THE BUS HOME. see how incredibly exciting my life is. there were lots of weird people on the bus so i just sat queitly in the corner. i reckon the bus was haunted so maybe it wos kinda interesting. i ate invisible raisins. they were out of date but i like them that way.all mouldy and such. no heres the million dollar question can i be bothered to watch eastenders. well have to see about that one.

 Arghhh! it took me ages to get on and now i have to get off! not fair! Grrr... stupid slow school computer... Anyway - laura's coming on this (yay). But i have to go now (sigh) cos the bells about to go well its not actually im just making exvcuses

 Well this is a tester for a new blogger my...er...*great* friend Laura who wants to join! (It's a nice way of telling her she's queer) Hehe, well here you go Laura type stuff! Laura: i am laura who is not queer okay maybe a little bit. my sister is in a big stress with me . i kinda was a bit annoying . then she tried to kill me (that'll keep katie happy) For katies sake- she did it with the doorstop. hello everybody . when i walk home i get blown away by the wind and one day a crashed in to the loony bin they tried to shove me into a white jacket thing but i got away. I was out in the wetted and the blow or for izzys sake, the bletted and the woe.izzys obssessed with invisble raisins it was funny at first but now its just scary. I think invisable raisins are evil.

 Hey erm is it just me or is that imood thing really hard to read? Like strain your eyes hard...not that I'd want to do that...hehe. Grr, I'm sooooo sick of cutting carrots I mean argh! It's so annoying having to peel carrots and cut them up...I should start a save the carrots thing...hehe. Mmm now my hand hurts, and yes, I do work in a slave place. Well it's like one, it's called living in a house with a Mum and a Dad. (It's awful isn't it?)

 Wohohoho! Ahem...just stuck in Mary Poppin land... So I was very clever walking home, I managed to get half way across the field but then my umbrella started dragging me off (you had to be there) so I put it down and I put it inside my bag :) Oops, I think it might of been the lack of sleep getting to me because we had a family get together yesterday. Then I got to my front door and thought about it (it took a long time for my brain to react) My great Aunt's 85! Wow! Happy Birthday to her for yesterday! I got to see my Auntie's kittens yesterday! (My actual Aunty) hmm Aunt? Aunty? Aargh! They were sooo cute but erm soooo round! Ours are long and thin and hers are short and stubby! (Aww) And here's are only 10 days younger than ours! (I think something's gone wrong with Brodie though, he still looks big and compared to my Aunt's cat about three times bigger!)

 What is a FTP? Cause I'm trying to republish all the archives because they're not showing up on the left and it keeps asking me what my password is, so I put it in but then it decides that it's wrong??? Hmm, I'm confused!

 urlLink I took off the Comment thing because all of them said Comment [0] which was kind of depressing in a way... Kind of woke me up to the fact that i am talking to myself and no one is actually seeing this, just nice to think that they are. I guess my computer's having fun viewing it... *cough* Erm...hmm oh oops dang darn it! Sorry, just seeing if you were half asleep yet. It would be kind of freaky to get a e-mail though, cause I ramble on about how my life is and it would be some one commenting on my life (I'm not sure I'd like that) but in the other hand it would be awkward (is that how you spell it?) cause they would kind of 'know' you and you wouldn't have the foggiest who they were. (I love that saying, it's like jumped the gun, what does that mean any way?) They would relate to your situation, but you wouldn't know what situation they were in. Quite sad actually, I have no fellow blog friends, all the ones I've recently seen are people saying mean things at you, and the others are people rambling on about how they're life is the worst in the world and I don't really want to know about that. Other people are trying to be all cool, but frankly my darling I don't give a damn how much alcohol they drank or how popular they are. (Who does any way?) What a sad sadistic life. (What does sadistic mean?) Umm...any way, I'll just go on pretending to use the clever words...shut up head... Oh dear, my Dad made us all a curry, I think it just hit my stomach...eugh... (How do you spell stomach/stoumach?) Hmm. Oh and I have a ulser (whatever) right by my tooth and it rubs and hurts....ARRGH! I've become one of those sad people I was talking about! (Well at least I'm not Izzy) Have fun, meer mortals...Muhahahaaa! :[ And no, I haven't been drinking, or taking stuff, it's only minstrels that do that to me... and no, minstrels isn't a drug, it's a chocolate...mmm. I'm off to find interesting blogs...mail me if you find one! Hehe, that's notyetcracked@hotmail.com for all you people who are like me and don't use the thing that pops up when you click on that...of course everyone knows what I'm talking about, I guess I do live in my own world (lucky us)

 ...back to the story!!! In the last episode... never mind lets just get on with todays load of trash... SO there i was with my pink umberella and my pineapple trying to fend off the evil shooing shoelace - when SUDDENLY who sould come along but - THE INVISIBLE RASINS! They were visible invisible raisins from the planet zopsicle. They used their magic powers to ward off the evil shooing shoolace and used their powers of persuasion to lure the shooing shoelace onto a plane aeroplane and go to outer mongolia - and that was the last time i saw my dear friend the shooling shoolace.. *sniff sniff.. (I thought you said the shooing sholace was bad Izzy?) Shhh! it's for dramatic effect! So anyway, i was most grateful to the kind visible invisible rasins and all thy asked for in return was a hand-crafted pair of ancient wooden japanese dungarees. ( I didn't know dungarees were from japan Izzy) Aha! they're not - that's what i was coming to - stop interrupting! (Sorry) You should be. SO Thats when i turned to my friend the good old Swedish Pink moose. (I didn't know he was Swedish..) There you are again - interrepting! (You spelt interrupting wrong) Do you want to hear the rest of this story or not?? (no) As i was saying... because i did my dear old moose friend a favour back in 1952 (But You-) *DONT SAY ANYTHING* he offered to help me. Now Mr. Pink moose is a champian Japanese craftsman and he skillfully made me a pair of...hey! Wake up! (zzzzzzzz.....) Hey!! Was the stroy that boring??? I was just about to get to the part with the neon-flashing clown! Aww....That's all for today folks...

 Angry grr at kids...I think i got through to them

 Argh! Stupid kids next door are shouting, they're shouting so loudly that I can hear them. When I say next door I actually mean across the road... PLEASE SHUT UP! Maybe putting on some music would help... Is there no peace in this world? Hmm, I just found ICQ again! Wow! Not that there's any one to talk to on it... But maybe it'll keep me quiet for a bit. Nope, no one online. Bummer. Oh Izzy's on. *cough* horrah *cough*

 Any way I'm normal now 'horrah!' Is that how you spell horrah? It's kind of tacky, and I don't know why I used it. Oh and no English people use it, we're not like the tv, we're like the microwave. What was I saying about normal? Oh well, guess I'm having a weird year, maybe even a weird life. But wouldn't that make it a normal life for me if I did it over and over again? (the weirdness) Wooh! I'm making people's brains tick! When I say people's every one knows I mean Izzy's. Look down the blog page and see how many entries are Izzy's. 1 : 20000000000000000000 (Izzy's the 1) Oh wow, it's a ratio, go on Izzy, work it out *shiver* Stupid maths teacher. Oh I'm going to a happy 85th Birthday party for mm Great-Aunt! And I'm saying oh too much. Guess I'm happy cause I'm about to go Christmas shopping! Yes, yes, I know, Christmas is ages away. Tell my nutty Aunt that! She likes to get Christmas presents arranged months before hand, otherwise she nags you. (It's a fun kind of life isn't it?) Seeing as all the Christmas presents are around at this time, we have to go. On my list is: cool fire shoes! (That's right, burn me alive.) And a cool Quicksilver coat! Wow! Hey I just noticed I do (that) too much! It's just what the inside of my head is doing! (Not much) Or it's me talking to myself...you figure it out... (Yes Katie, I will)

 Hmm I think that every one has a place to be in life. Who ever we are and whatever we look like we can all do something good. You can live your life at 20 stone and think 'I acheived something.' Who cares about the brainless bimbo's that cross your path now and then? If I had a lawn mower everyone who told me to 'get a life' would be bald in ten seconds flat. Why should we have to put up with other peoples ignorance? It just makes me happy to know that I'm happy with life and hopefully it rubs off on other people. I know that I have my off days and strike out at people but that's not the real you. Some people just find it hard to say sorry. I find it quite admazing how one little word can ruin some one's day, constantly thinking about it. So admaze yourself today, admit the mistake and say sorry. No one is in the worst place, no one has had a completely ruined life, you just think you have. No matter who or what we are I think we should all have the best in life. Yes, terrorism is wrong but should a war be started that kills so many lives just to satisfy the peoples need for 'justice' but why have these people done this and what is the right thing to do? I don't think any one can get the correct answer, I think we can only guess. We all have created our own sense of justice and it's not right to compare one to another, it's the rules by which we life by. I am just happy to be alive, think of how many times in your life you may not of been so lucky. Think of how many people have died wishing 'I wish I could of...' Think how lucky you are to able to do these things. Don't let a moment pass you by without fully appretiating it. So everyone get up and live! (I'm sorry, I'm having a moral understandings kind of day :) ) Add comments to my moral ramblings if you want to, and make some one's life worth living. (I'm sorry, I'll try to control it.)

 yes I do!

 no i dont!

 I smell!

 And no, the research is not going to my head and I CAN SPELL RESEARCH! (Unlike certain people) ----> Izzy

 Hehe the whole world's pink!

 Every one was kind of being mean to me today. Well I walked a bit with some people then they walked off and I overly avoided every one else (I was kind of trying to dum it into them that they're mean cause they are) well they probably are... Then I get home and phew Mango's ok. (He threw up yesterday and he had the runs and he wouldn't eat!) Poor ickle kitty! Then I flooped down here. Floop? I recon that should be added to the English language! Floop: commenly used by Katie. Real meaning: unknown. Yes that's right, I'm Katie not Kes (fooled you!) Hmm! Well guess I gotta research marijuana now! It's a hard life but some one has to do hw (not Izzy) Oh and on a moral ending: why is the world so confused? (Sorry about the short blog but some one (you know who) isn't posting any so this is a blog-strike on my behalf! So that means that Izzy will have to type something...doesn't it? (I think Blogger's going to my head!) Any one else notice how the top 10 blogs is in a continous loop? (Don't worry, this is number 11!) ;)

 Yeay! Izzy go on the template... (click view web page it's in orange above your blabbings!) and then you can see urlLink our blog our click on that...any way people can add comments! Any body out there?

 Hwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayah!

 I'm just trying to figure something out that includes posting and publishing to change it. Sorry, that means you're gonna get a lot of one sentance or one word blogs!

 Hodiddile fiddidile why can't we boomdiddile and live on the Moon? hiddidile hoddidle tweedidile.

 *cough* PSYCHO *cough* Is there any way to make that more odvious? Any way I'm a NABBUSP! Not.A.Brainless.Bimbo.Unlike.Some.People mostly Laurie. Hehe, she's so stupid the only reason she hang's out with year nine's is because no one in year eleven likes her! (Wonder why...?) Join the NABBUSP today...Oh and by the way I talked to the Chocolat mousse mouse and he told me that you and the Earth and minton were hatching a way to avoid having PE! But the sad sad sad consequence of this was not comming on blogger so I told him this was a lie and he said it wasn't. So I asked the blue frog standing next to me and he told me that Neighbours was on in a minute! :O

 sorry i havent been on for so long you see... what happened is this... i was walking along, (well actually i was bouncing along on a purple spacehopper) and SUDDENLY i fell down a hole. But this was not just any old hole, this was the holy hole which lead to a strange and mysterious moose. (moose, izzy?) well yeah i think so. anyway, this moose was so big that it could fit in my pocket! imagine! But it wasnt just any moose, it was the Chocolate mousse moose! It sat down and started to eat - yes you guessed it- a pineapple of course! But then i thought - oh no! i have to get back home soon so that i can go on blogger or else katie will be cross! So, i did what i'm sure you would have done in this situation, i asked the pink moose- ( i thought you said it was a chocolate moose izzy?) Who's telling the story here? for asock to stuff in the top of my pink umberella. (naturally) so that i could skillfully affix the moose's pink pinapple (that he graciously sold to me in exchange for a pink orange) to the handle of the pink umberella to counteract the air reistance. I tied it on using a pink shoelace. But this was not just any pink shoelace... it was the shooing lace which shooed away anything in its path! it shooed so hooingly that i was shooed onto my back and landed on the floor! TO BE CONTINUED (because my mums telling me to come off)

 Wow! the [>] doesn't do anything! :O And now you (who ever no one is) can e-mail me! Such a privilage...all that junk mail...(I'm talking about my junk mails, pages and pages of it!) Nice to get a different e-mail for a change!

 Hey Izzy check out the new template (sorry I'm obsessed with new ones!)

 It was bored. Everything it had seen had been the same thing over and over again. New species. Species dies. New species. Sure it had been hit by a few asteroids and thrown up a few volcanoes but nothing new was happening so it decided to take a nap. It had been working for a few billion years and it felt like a nap, maybe even a vacation! So the Earth dreamily drifted into a deep slumber. A few thousand years later the Earth awoke. It wasn't surprised to find a few more holes in it's shell, that was all expected but now a new species had turned up and developed. It caught the Earth's attention. The Earth was rather proud of it's new toy and took great delight in seeing how it reacted to things. First it threw up a volcano (that should get them going). The new species fled. 'Oh, so it's a bit clever' then the Earth thought. It then decided to change the temperature and see if they would fry. So it stoked up the belt round the middle of the Earth. The new species skin started to change, and changes in temper changed too. All in a few thousand years work for the Earth! It watched the species fight and live and it watched how it was deeply saddened at the loss of one of their species death but was quite happy to kill other things. The Earth thought this was naturel, and well, it is. So the Earth was pleased. Then suddenly the new species started creating havoc, it started depleting the Earth's wonderful fur coat lining that it called it's O-zone layer. They ripped it to shreds and the Earth was getting terribly sun burnt. Then they started terrorising each other in mean ways and the Earth was ashamed of it's new species. Had it changed so much in the thousands of years? No the Earth thought. It had just found new ways to wreck and destroy things. Had a bad day-sorry! Oh Izzy feel free to take the 'micky' out of me!

 Pinch punch first of the month! No returns! As I said, I'm working on telling some one this! Oh and if you think I'm a sad nerd... you're probably right! That is if nerds wear flares and tie-dyed stuff and really can't spell...

 Sorry my loyal fans that this hasn't been updated. Oh and Daisy the flying pig is okay now and the tree is unharmed. Hmm parallel universe or just pure fantasy? I'm going with the fantasy... Anyway I have this thing in my knee that kills so I get to miss PE! (Muhahahaaa!) Woohoo! Oh and about walking home... (It was tough but some one had to do it!) About that... well I was thinking (bad sign) (shut up with the ( ) !) Hmm I need to talk to some one... other than myself! ANYWAY I WAS WALKING HOME good that shut her up. I was walking home and I was thinking about how you're judged about how you look and act and everything and how that happens with the parents walking past to collect the primary school kids from the school that I was past. You can breathe now. I was thinking how sad it is that people compare themselves to each other, but is it so sad? It might be kind of strange but in a way it makes you feel better. In a horrible way. If you say "Gee whiz, look at her hair!" (And God help any body that does say Gee Whiz) That means that maybe you feel a bit unsecure about your hair and it makes you feel better and gives you a confidence boost... enough of my ramblings. But that's what blogger's about... isn't it? Hmm I really should tell all this to something else other than a computer! (Not that any one else than my computer and Izzy reads this!)...OH. OH... OH... darn. Darn this blogger no-cussing (for you Americans) thing! Non-swearing for people who know what that means... Umm HELP! I just uhh lost the start bar and this screen has gone allll big. I mean whole screen big! (I'm good at mucking up my computer aren't I?) Who needs a virus when you can do it yourself!? Oh I better go...and pretend that nothing happened! Oh and I'm working towards telling some one my ramblings...some day! E-mail me (Hah!) if you want to hear... and no the world isn't pink... or is it?

 ewww! smeg.co.uk is gross! so DON'T GO TO IT ANYONE! NOT THAT YOUR JUST ABOUT TO TYPE IT IN THE ADRESS BAR... oh well

 n

 SNOW PLOUGHING POD PEOPLE! how cool . it rains and rains and katies being smean and gross. what a dumb word! she went on www.smeg.co.uk /*:P m ad].v9noo io i i di btbt

 Hello! I dont know what to talk about today. Bye bye!

 Aww! Brodie's helping me with this... Ok, so he's taken over my lap and thinks my arm is a tree... Ahh, bibi Broadie! Oh great getting kicked off bibi!

 Helloo!!! I found this really cool site with the button game! and you have to press the button within the time limit and then you have to presss it as many times as you like, and then you can end the game whenever you want! Sounds lame? It is! But theres a grand idiots hall of fame - it measures your idiot level by how long you spend clicking the button! Dont interrupt me! I'm exactly 843 clicks away from getting into the hall of fame!!

 Ok. No, no guest book. I put a sort of thing on where you could add comments but all of them were at 0 which was kind of depressing so I got rid of it. Would you really want a guest book? People would say what they thought about your life. They would judge you! Oh and these dogey people keep sending me e-mails. No one usually knows what your talking about. Of course Phil's going to find out! You missed a lot and yes I saw Eastenders. Oh and hey, I can show you final fantasy if you want! It's soooo cool! But you're afraid of the fighting things bit. Hey that's easy! Err...apart from the harder ones like Bahumut (or however you spell it!) he's hard. Oh and Edel is too! And Ultimacima talk about arrrgh! But hey, you should come round and play on it! I've only died about three times...well actually closer to seven. (Shhh) Hmm go on it! Promise? Okay then, next time you come around. Hmm I think Final Fantasy VIII is a bit *cough* easier so go on that! See you then! (Hehe sucker!)

 hello! If you thought you managed to get off doing the R.E thing - think again, she said we could do it next week, but we have scary visitors coming in so we might have to do it infront of them! :S Oh yeah, i put you in the larries group, which has a whole 2 people in in! (you and alex) I'll just read your blog about final fantasy and pretend to understand who you're talking about. Hey, do we have a guestbook on here? Do you think anyone reading this knows what we're talking about? Do you think Phil is going to find out that Mark's not the dad? Do you think i even know what i'm talking about? Hey, did you see Eastenders last night? I missed it. Yet another of hassall's friends have added me - and they're talking to me and they're in the middle of a lesson at school, and we have an inservice day! Woooooo!

 Hmm, wonder what group I'm in? Oh god, I watching a programme about people looking for a lover on the thames. Does desperate even come close to it? I think it does... I've been off school like all week apart from Wednesday! Woohoo! (I wondered why no one's coming near me!) I'm quite sad actually ...I saw the end to Final Fantasy VIII. Boohooo! Well ok, I'll break the news slowly. It looks like Squall's dead but then all this woosh stuff happens and then further on Selphie points at Riona and she points up and it cuts out! So you don't know if Squall's actually dead! It's like in FFVII when Aeris dies. :( Hey, what can I say, I cry at movies. Phone again. :( The phone keeps going all the time! Stop phoning! It's my mum and dad. Kind of on the lines of: Are you dead yet? Hey Izzy you are on a different planet! Mr Thackray is pooey, we should make a pooey list! Wow how original! If you live in a dream then you waste a life. (But hey, who believes that?)

 Playdays! You should be ashamed! Awww poor you, but you did manage to miss mr.k in a big stress! It was funny cos Laura and Beki and me were in the music block at registration (cos we had chamber group and then music) and beki was bored and she drew this picture of mr.k on the board (hey, bored - board! wow! ok, carrying on,) with no hair and a manic grin and smoke coming out of his ears! And when he came in he was in a really big stress and he pulled the board down and saw beki's picture! Need i say more... Hey! I tried to search on Google for our site by typing in peanut shells (scrool up or check the archives if you don't know what I'm talking about) and I found this site with the word "peanut" the word "shells" and it was made by someone called Kes and someone called Izzy! How freaky is that? And no, I'm sure it wasn't the same one. *sigh* Wow, must be wierd forgetting things like that, could have used it to your advantage though, and forgotten what vincent looks like, oh well. Arghh, Pooey stupid Mr.Thackray kept picking on me in maths again and making jokes about me being on another planet (don't say anything) and looking like I was asleep, I was looking at the board like everyone else! Six times in one leson he'd picked on me, calling me Iz, with his big smarmy egotistic (is that a real word?) voice. Oooh, he makes me mad. And Emma said that Father Christmas wasn't real! and everyone (most of us) was saying that we still believed in him and Emma was getting in a big stress and taking it really seriously, and ooh! - I can come to Claire's partay (oh - yay is hear you cry) cos the smelly concerts on a different week. I was having fun yesterday sorting all my contacts on msn into groups (you can do that on the new version, its cool) and I have Boring people who never talk, People who are never online, People who should rot in hell (guess who's in that one) Strange friends, and Larries! How cool!

 Wow! It's Why bird! I'm so ashamed, I can't remeber what the programmes called! Oh I'm at home cause I'm ill. :( On Saturday I was really week and tired all the time, then on Sunday I hit my arm and went downstairs to get some arnica (don't ask) and I blacked out and fainted. Apparently I hit my head really hard, then when I woke up I kind of had some spasms or some thing? I was actually really confused and I didn't know who I was or who my parents were! Took a few minutes to remember. Today I feel dizzy and sick. Healthy huh? My mum thinks I've got a bug. Hmm, if I go to school tomorrow Laura should get it and I'll be fine...good...good. Mango isn't being very nice. My right leg looks like a scratching post and it really hurts. He scratched my big toe and it hurts. :( (Grr stupid cat...) Broadie was too, but Cleo was purring so loudly that I couldn'y hear the tv! Have a healthy day.

 Ok, ok, about the happy about bad things thing. If some thing bad happens you can either get depressed or try not to talk about it, their is no inbetween. Monkeys to the lefst of me! That stupid Louise nabbed it. Sorry I can't type a lot because it feels like I'm gonna faint and I feel really weak. In english, I feel ill, really ill. I'll just go back to sleep now or better than that, faint here. Bubi.

 Hey I found this really urlLink lame site with hundereds of pants personality tests on it! I usually hate that sort of thing but they get really really addictive! I'm a Bermese Mountain dog! My true colour is red! I'm the ultimate mom! I have a Golden Aura! I'm very proud of that! Oh yes and, don't take them too seriously... I'm Loony! I'm 25% evil!

 Ok, so the people on the news say it was an accident, and even if it was, isn't it kind of wierd?? WOW! no school uniform tomorrow! And ohhh! poor Beki! Sprained her ankle and spent ages in casualty! Awww :( Arghh this guy on the radio was winding me up, he was talking about all the latest tragedys on the news in this really happy jolly kind of way. Oh well, but just about the one thing you're allowed to do in life all of the time is be happy, so why not I guess? Probably cos if something really sad happens it is kind of hard to be happy, and if you do try and be happy, you won't be happy inside cos you know that you'll be decieving yourself. I really should stop talking now cos i'm starting to sound like Katie! Help! What's happening to me!?

 Mmm, for three days running, people have died on the M4. Now doesn't that make you feel safe? Ehe. And the Bristol box as it's called is a bad spot. Hmm, well I just go in that about once a week. It's worse than the bemuda triangle it's the BRISTOL BOX! Kind of has an edge to it don't you think? No...neither do I... Well walking to piano! Well this girl was kind of walking on the other side of the road talking (this girl told me she didn't want to walk with me any more, yeah, thanks for that) and I was like tum-tee-tum just looking at the houses dee dee doo. Then she went! Yeay! So then I got to piano (pretty rubbish story isn't it?) and I walked mud all over her carpet! Hehe I was looking at this lush view thinking 'only in nailsea could you find such a lush view in such a crappy place'. Grr, I hate reading-news people, could they find a more boring voice? I walked past this house and on one side it had pointy trees and on the other it had bumpy trees and I thought this is England, trying to be perfect or not. IDIOTS! This girl was saying she thought her brother had the flu but her actually had Lukemia and died. What stupid pathetic idiots... I'm sorry I just feel a bit strongly about this. Yeah, no one really understands about other people feeling sad, I guess no one really wants to. Happy happy. I'm sorry I really should stop watching the news. Aargh! The news! Imber Village is kind of freaky... it's like empty with empty houses. Then you see the army driving around. What?! Crazy! Ahem. Izzy smells like stilton! Tee-hee!

 HAHA! Stupid girl. You are stupid, that was an ACCIDENT in english it wasn't the taliban. (Duh!) If you watched two hours of the news you would of known that. The reason that wars happen are differences of opinions or beliefs. Sad how people have no empathy and won't even try. Any way... about walking home! Well first my brother and his friend nabbed my polo's! Shock horror! Then I was walking across the field and the kids in the junior school started running across my path and I was like arrrgh! Then they turned so I was fine, but then I saw the person who I randomly talked to and a load of other people about to walk my way! So I had to half run to get there before them. Then I walked really slowly behind some one. Is it just me or does that sound really stupid? Let's just hope it's really stupid! Eh? I think some thing's gone to my brain cause I meant to put some thing else! Oh on a finishing note: Izzy, don't jump to conclusions!

 Angry!! MORE ATTACKS ON AMERICA!! dunno if you've heard but another plane crashed in New York today. Hmm... Same city, same country, two months after another 2 planes crashed there, something that has never ever happened before, and the people on the news are wondering whether it's a coincidence or not! I don't think so! This time a plane crashed in a town (cant remember the name) on loads of houses and families and people. Is this the Taliban's way of saying "If you kill our people then we'll kill yours" ? Cos they can't talk, they treat their people like dirt. But it is kind of annoying that the deaths in America get all the sympathy and publicity on the news, when really, it's not all that different from what America is doing to Afghanistan, killing innocent people. But some people think that just because they are ruled by the taliban then it's ok to kill them, but it's not. They must be really confused now. The Taliban are horrible to them and they want to be ruled by the west (some of them) but then the west come along and bomb them and kill them. Am I the only person who thinks the whole thing is crazy? How many more people have to die berfore someone admits that they are wrong?

 Awww! whats my present??? Tell me! Oh yeah... I really..um... have your present... but i'm- uh... not telling you what it is yet... It's the Barbie nutcracker! That looks really rubbish...lets go see it!

 They actually made a Barbie film! What's the world coming to? It's got the kind of stuff you'd expect, Barbie with her perfect face, perfect hair and perfect voice. Now we know why they made it using a computer. Hehe, it didn't even get to the cinema. It's quite sad actually, all Barbie's are stick thin. Do we all have to be stick thin? That's like every one being clones, if we all looked like super models would the world be better off? I bet every one would suddenly like large people or something strange. Hmm, getting a bit too deep Katie, snap out of it! Oh by the way Izzy, I have your birthday and christmas present! Can you tell what it is yet?

 Hmm haven't you used that excuse before? I'm sure you have. Grr, I had to walk home from piano with the streets lights on! And these people started shouting "Oy, girl!" so I kind of muttered "What if I'm not a girl." Hmm, crazy. Then this guy started walking in front of me, he walked in front of me all the way home! I saw some people I knew so I kept my head down. Must of looked a bit crazy walking back from school at 4:45! I wanted to stamp 'Just been to piano' on my head but I decided to do it when I got home. Wow Izzy, I didn't know you were imaginary person! Hehe Izzy loves Jason! Muhahaha I'm going to spred it on the net! ...To people that don't even know you!... Oh and my excuse *cough* reason is that I'm being assulted by my Maths teacher with a ball point pen! He's hitting it on my pen! And I'm always being mentally assulted. I'm watching this programme about Norwiegans *whatever* who swapped houses with English people. Hmm, they eat whale beaf. Erm...guess we have different ways of living? And eat sausage rolls on there own. (Who does that?) And they like English beaches? (!) CRAZY! Hey, hate our food and our beer! Go back to Norway then! Well actually England is boring, the food is okay but Izzy said we have cheap chocolate or something...? So erm any Americans out there send me Hersley (Is it Hersley? What do I know!) bars! I loooove them!

 hello! sorry i haven't been on for ages, but I have a really good excuse, i mean - er, reason... Well - I was sitting in the garden on a warm, snowy morning, and having a cup of tea with my friend purple fly. The tea wasn't very nice because it had been made by....the....ok i can't think of anything catchy, oh well, where was I? oh yeah I'm about to get to the part where I think of something really good that happens and get to type SUDDENLY (you all know that by now). yeah so - SUDDENLY a big fish (fish, Izzy?) yes, a fish, -sprang out from the bushes and grabbed our tea and held it for a ransom of 21 peanuts! SO as you can imagine I was very upset. (er- I thought you said you didn't like the tea, izzy) You again? Stop trying to be clever! ( but you said -) Oh fine! I didn't like the tea, but I liked the tea cups, they were given to me from a holy melon in Peru. ( So he took the cups too ?) Yes he took the cups! (ok then .) Right! can I get on with my excuse, i mean- reason now please? Thankyou! SO as i was saying... This fish was wearing an extremely dodgey-looking hat, it was bright yellow with little pictures of Mr.Kelly on it with flashing red eyes! The sight of it made me stagger around in a daze, and i fell backwards into a conveeniently (you spelt conveniently wrong) shut up! - a conveniently placed hole. I fll down and down, and landed ON (wait for it) the PURPLE FLAVOURED WOMBLE BENCH! It was quite uncomfortable, but i didn't mind, as long as I was away from the hat with grinning Mr.Kelly on it. The Purple Flavoured Womble bench was most startled and woke up with a startlingly startled start. "nvoshgatuyakgmnajghal!" it said. I recognized this language immedeately! It was the language of the All-seeing Pink Moose! I don't really know what it said, but it seemed pretty angry because smoke began to billow from it's ears! SO i know what you're all thinking now! - What happened to th Purple Fly? ( no, I wasn't thinking that actually ) that's not the point! Well, because the fish with the bright yellow hat with the mr.Kelly heads on and the flashing eyes saw that i wasn't too upset about the loss of my Puruian Tea Set, he decided to hold Mr Purple Fly for ransom too! (But uh... I thought you said you were angry about the-) Well i stopped being angry by then! And he demeded 23 penuts!! ( What can a fish do with penuts? Fish don't eat penuts .) Well this is a peanut-eating fish. ( And how come the fly is purple?) Well- (And since when do fish live in bushes?) Uh- (And they don't wear hats, or demand penuts or-) Well FINE! YOU THINK OF A GOOD STORY YOU SHALLOW MINDED OLD POO WITH NO IMAGINATION OR UNDERSTANDING OF PEOPLE'S IDEAS!!! YOU SELF OBSESSED LITTLE STUPID SMELLY POOEY OLD SMELLY OLD FART!!! I've just thrown a load of abuse at an imaginary person. Cool. I should do that every day.

 Happy happy day! Quite rare, but I'm happy! Ohh...now I'm getting kicked off. :(. Must....stay.....happy.... Oh well, bubi!

 Laughing is like singing! I put that in my diary ages ago ...have fun being confused!

 Wow, my mum's been arranging a calander. She's sending photo's off! We found a really cute one of me, took a long time though. Hehe we also found a really stupid one of my brother sitting a toy car with his hair sticking up like a pineapple! And after all this time he hasn't changed a bit! Then we found some other photos...of my Nan...my Grandma and my old cat. We're lucky for the time that we have. Mmm, don't worry, I wrote in my diary last night so you're free from moral ramblings! Oh great, school tomorrow. :(

 Argh! I was up really late yesterday, my brother had friends around. Like 13 of them! They took over the house. Sounds like fun? Wow, firework display thingy tonight! Cool! Mmm, I'm kind of hooked on throat sweets at the moment! Oh and I got my cool shoes! I need to break them in now. Oh and I've given up on getting html to lemme put picture on this! So :P to html!

 I don't know why but html doesn't like me and it really doesn't like me trying to put pictures on this! Maybe I caught it on a bad day.

 Erm...did that work?

 8.30? Wow ...you all night party girl *cough* Hello! Finally I can free you from Izzy! Oh, great, my brother put on some really sad music so if I go all depressed send my brother hate mail. ;) Some wierd people have added me on msn and it's quite scary. Oh, the kitchens fitted! Woohoo! And my dad's wall papering at the moment. I think I'll stay up here! Oh great, hw to do. Like I've done any. Oh we got the kittens back! (Have I said that already?) My mum's up in Peterborough, or however you spell it with my Grandpa. Hmm, no, there are some things you shouldn't say. Is it just me or is every one cold? My fingers are going numb. Oh, about the shoes! I put a 10 deposit on them! Woohoo! I'm actually getting them! One bad thing though. When I came out of the shop I err kind of had a bit of a blister. That might of been because I tried four pairs of shoes on... (I like being difficult!) I even tried on the mens size nine! Hehe. Hey, I'm not as sad as you think, they're skate shoes! Made by Buffalo! The only thing now is to wonder if the shoes give me blisters ...hmm! Well we all have to suffer for fashion, do we? My Dad's dragging me into Bristol to go shopping and have breakfast in Bristol! Arggggh! So tired, hmm, guess I better get on with the hw. :( Pink is the colour of the world! (Or should be)

 ok, i know i lost it long ago, but you obviously don't know laura too well! hey, i can hear bristol calling. It says - "Come to the shops Izzy, spend your birthday money... invite Katie, and Lynnne, and Laura, even though she's away in Plymouth..." Wow. I have good hearing don't I?

 woooooooooow! the imax cinema is fabaroonietastic! pizza hut pizzas are very yummy, I'm feeling festive. IT'S CHRISTMAS EVE!!!!!! Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow!!!! Merry christmas to one and all

 that's how bored i am

 i'm the girl from school is that all i am? do i mean nothing to you!? i'm depressed again. i think i might cry bo ho. veg shopping tomorrow wow can't wait, i don't think i'll be able to sleep with all the antisipation! ih well life must go on. i made a little table what do you think? Laura= a sensible mature young lady Katie= loosing it slowly Izzy= lost it long ago Lynne= well cant say much about her

 wow wow wooooooowwwww! its christmas!! wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

 Aww! I'm actually soooo bored. It's one of those I'm totally wacked days! Well yesterday was too, sorry about that! I need more sleep! Eugh! Wow, you have a round heart? Cool Veg Shop shopping! Shopping for umm veg and umm veggie things... (hehe) Oh every one this is Lynne, the girl from school "Hi Lynne" sorry I'm a bit wierd and tired!

 I'm as happy as a lamb in spring! i'm not having my teeth tacken out of christmas eve! hallaluuuua! mum was a very big smeanie if she was going to do that 2 me! oh well, life is brilliant tum te tum! the blasted exclemation mark key on my computer won't work. katie if you are reading this, i'm sorry from the bottom of my little round heart but you can't come round tomorrow. i know you are sat there looking all smerk but i'm depressed i've got to go shopping to the wait for it the VEG SHOP!!! amazing what are the archives by the way!???

 Oh don't mind me, I'm being annoying (trying to get the archives to actually work!)

 Happy Birthday to Izzy for yesterday! Wooohooo! Well getting the archives back up didn't work, but who cares? (No, I haven't been drinking) Free from school! Tired, but freeeee! Hmm...now I'm bored and I've got nothing to do! Ideas please? No Izzy, I'm not going to jump off a bridge. Mmm mini hulahoops! Hey some one send me a hair brush cause I lost mine! Whoops. Hey I'm getting bored now...some one? any one?

 Only one more day of school left! Wooopeeeeeeee!

 Just got back from watching Shrek!...again... Hmm, my brothers disappeared! (Finally!) Freeeeeeeeeee! Hmm, nope, he's back now! Hey I gotta go do a really long English essay! Grr, oh and work on getting the archive bit back up. Thanks for listening to the boring bits of life.

 Hey sorry every one! It's just a lot's been happening... Ok, so you're gonna hear about it. Hey! I can hear you groaning! Greeeat... Ok so hehe, I was in Bristol shopping and this lady suddenly says "Hi. Would you like to buy a pair of novelty knickers?" That's about the stupidest thing any one's ever asked me! Also I got home and I looked down and a dead bird was staring at me! It had like no skin or feathers! Grosssssssss! Hehe, that's about the only interesting things. Oh and Izzy don't tuch the name it's sacred. Any way oh I'm supposed to start moaning. Hmm...oh well it's kind of tight in our group cause no one likes this girl apart from me laura and izzy and becki and it's tight on her. They don't have the guts to tell her. Aww. (Come on, I know you can aww louder than that!) Hehe, if this is like talking to me in real life think how boring I must be!!! Actually Izzy looks really boring! Oh hay (hay?) peeps (peeps? I've really been away from this for too long!) umm can you like not add me to wierd contact thingys? I want you to e-mail me, don't get me wrong. But umm not like spam me. Yes, Victor doodah who ever you are. I keep getting wierd e-mails! Some one was trying to sell me viagra yesterday! Hey I got friend Christmas presents and they're soooo cool! Oh and in French this tarty girls (not mentioning any names like Lisa Boden or any thing) kind of said eww and put this food on our table so Laura threw it at them! Wooohoooo! (Don't get the big boss lady in a stress!) But they like do no work in French at all! Okay so now I'll blab on in french. Quel age et tu? Thats about the only question I can remember. Don't tell me, it's wrong, I know. Hey can any one help me make this page more interesting (any one? like any one's listening and how could this possibly be more interesting?!) I meant the pink okay? So shut up! (Ooh stresssiiiie!) Grrr. (Ok, ok...) Queer or what?! Hey I'm getting kicked off bibi!

 WHERE ARE YOU??!! you have a lot of missed blogging to make up! I got so bored i even changed the name! Like it?

 hey kes! you're supposed to have your net back now!! How come you're not blogging? I'm getting kind of bored on my own... :(

 i am the master !! i rule! everything i say goes! you must all bow to me! wow, i could get used to this

 woooooooooo kes is smelly! she is a big big poo in big big pooo land! sitting on the big big looo in the big big looo land! hahahaaaa!

 woooooaaaah - the oaky-koaky!

 boo!

 muhahaaaa! kes has no computer! I have blogger alll to myself for now anyway!

 helooo! you're online on msn but my messages arent getting through! poo!

 Oh hey I was browsing and I was wondering, what does every one think of this urlLink blog design? I think it's kind of cool! Comments any one? So should we keep this one or get the cool one?! Hmm wonder if some one hacked into my another.co.uk account? I got sooo bored of clicking on some thing to log out I kind of gave up! Whoops! Heeey maybe it's got a virus...great... I feel soooo safe...

 Ok so I checked it out. Lynne, unless you or some one else out there wants to pay the fee then no!

 What's Blogger pro? Add more stuff Lynne about it and I'll think about it. I...umm am kind of the 'God' on this web site. Ok so I get the puny job of being the admin or whatever so umm I make the big changes! Mmm I recon another.co.uk has got some thing against me, it won't let me log in! :(

 by the way r we gonna get Blogger pro?

 Katie u have 2 choose 1 whether u like it or not

 On 1/24/2002 3:46:05 PM I was umm going on about how...oh well!

 Oh yeah! We had this fire alarm go off in our humanities block! (Don't ask) And it was tipping down with rain and hailing. So there we were in the middle of the field when it started thundering! It's was soooo funny! But it really hurt my legs! Every one got soaked and when it started thundering every one was screaming and running around. I just stood still and laughed! Oh and Lynne, I think I'd not pick any and run! Laura was thinking of taking Uno slam and playing it in the middle! Ehe...so we are sad. Oh and the time's all mucked up cause this is set on American time! Oh I get what you mean now... I'll go check!

 wait for it Lynne is back online! I know you've missed me, no u have really have you not! oh ho hum pigs bum, i had the day off school being ill! by the way i was considering going 2 the v.disco and it's not how u described it with people going "oh my ........" oh well. i do not want 2 talk about it, it brings back painfull memories. ne way.... i like the idea for an online disco, there's got2 b a site like that sum where!! or maybe not!! by the way SNIZZABELLA the person i danced with i couldn't stand it was either him martin or David. i would like 2 know who u would choose. u can tell me at school or using the wonders of technology! would it be A) Ian connac B) David Greening or C) Martin (don't no his surname)

 HAHAHAAAAAA!!!! I just find the fact that we were standing in the middle of a hailstorm but we weren't allowed to put our umberellas up cos there was lightening too, and we were on a field of all places!!!!!!!!! *shuts up*

 OH! ok i get you now. Meanie! How do you know anyway? ;)

 Katie?? What are you on about in your 1/24/2002 3:46:05 PM blogg??? Crazy. The valentines disco - you mean you're actually considering going? Lets all sit around and listen to really crappy music while all the tarts and bimbos dance with popular people that they pretend to fancy - FOR JIM'S SAKE! Sorry but it's my idea of complete boredom. We should have an online disco and invite a load of people and pretend to be listening to good music, yeah!!! Kinda sad how the only socialising we do is on the net. I guess the only interesting people you meet are on the net because Nailsea is so BORING!!! Our year group is really crap. Ahhhh fun times. Ok, I'll shut up now.

 Mmm so like is any one actually gonna go to the Valentine's dance thingy if we have one? It's kind of depressing to though, it kind of rubs it in a bit and every one sits at the side pretending that they're having fun! Well they do! Then all this pointless stuff happens and it's like "Oh my God some one tripped up!" and then this big palava happens so every one won't notice that every one's just sitting around the edge going 'Hmm hmmm hm!' Or is it like that...?

 Wooh! Sorry going a bit hyper, oh if you're into ska and rock listen to this song! Mad Caddies - Falling Down. (Just download it off the net using KaZaA urlLink www.kazaa.com ) It's really cool!

 Well, no need to worry about any thing there, aye Izzy? ;) In the way that no one is... *cough* Aww, I don't mean it! Mmm Msn doesn't work. :( Noooo! I'm gonna go hunt down game web sites! Toodleop!

 Don't start me singing cabin fever!!! *starts singing anyway* I've got cabin fever! duh duh duh duh duhhh... ah well. argh!!! just been told that Sam doesn't like chocolate... well, not very much! :( what am i gonna do??? My dad has started asking me about valentines day!! and saying things like, "are any boys um... interested in you, Isobel?" erm.......

 Mmm I think that you should try to understand your own dreams. Who can tell you how your mind works? Okay... Ahem, out of deep moral blabbing! But that's what it's here for! Oh noo! I've got four pieces of homework to do. :) Oh and when will we even need to spell Ouagadougou or however you spell it or say it. Hmm argh! Gotta pick our GCSE choices, then all we've got it SATs, Mock GCSE's, GCSE's A Levels and the rest! Phew sounds like a busy life, doesn't it? Yeah...right... Mmm wonder if the new girl's ok? I was thinking, cause some people take little things more seriously so I'm just wondering if she's scared by David. Mmm I'm going deep! Jim jimmedy jim jim jim, remember, never run with sharp pointy objects. They may be fun until some one gets there eye pocked out! Ehe, you should go now... CABIN FEVER! Aargh! Help me get away from myself. Thing about that... Maybe not... Bubi have fun!

 wow! can i be the ruler of Ouagadougou? ARGHHH! memories or yr.8 geography with patronising dr.J, who actually taught us how to spell Ouagadougou!! Ok, so i probably spelt it wrong, oh well. So -SWEETCORN! if anyone can tell me what dreaming about running through fields of sweetcorn with no clothes on means, please tell me! And er - being chased by loads of people and a helicopter. Nothing unusual! I've had that dream 3 times in the last week and its really freaking me out!

 Ok... So I'm watching Smallville! Oh my hair! (Don't ask!) Total rip-off of Superman! Ehe...no one's writing any thing!

 Hello Mr. T! I hope that I have not caused u ne stress or ne thing like that! if i have than u should c sum 1, as it was not that insulting and hey you've been on t.v. I hope u all had a good time in town! Did u get u'r pressies 4 Samantha? I hope u did and spent u'r money wisely!! i have had alot of trouble trying to get onto blogger as i forgot my password and user name. u c im normally logged on constantly, but i thought that i would change it. Got 2 go!!

 I smell like Chinese!

 Mmm...

 Heeey! Me and Izzy decided that we're gonna rule the world. She's the ruler of popcorn and I'm the ruler of pom pom's! Yeah but we're gonna have to be like Queen's but then there can't be two Queens! And unlike the ruler of Zimbabwe or where ever that evil man is we don't wanna be known as Comerad and be evil dictators! ...Yeah... Oh alright we'll be umm Qings! Hey I gotta go rule my world have fun ruling yours! (I've cracked!)

 ...Who's Mr. T? And why would he hack into computers? MUHAHA I AM MR T! I UMM UMM DO WHAT MR T'S DO! MUHAHAHA! *Note: If you are a Mr. T and want to shout at Lynne for the annoying against Mr T ness then e-mail urlLink notyetcracked@hotmail.com and I'll try to make it sound nice for Lynne. If you're generally annoyed by me typing this and annoying you (like I am) then go jump off a bridge. That is to say a 1cm one. SANEASAKITTEN WILL NOT BE HELD RESPONCIBLE FOR ANYTHING HAPPENING TO YOU IF YOU DO E-MAIL BECAUSE WE'RE NOT AS SANE AS KITTENS AND I REALLY SHOULD SHUT UP NOW...OH PLUS WE CAN'T SPELL! *COUGH!*

 i think that we have all truely lost it! my brace hurts! # i'm comin' out so u better get this party started# i'm singing! i'm really upset my mum and dad had my fave meal and i couldnt eat it cos of my brace... take deep breaths it's all for the good...thats better. I had 2 have tuna fish pie AGAIN!! Snizzy i will compramise with u he is 3/4 demented police guy anad 1/4 Dr fox. i hope thats o.k with u. By the way i hope mr. T cant hack into computers or ne thing like that, or we will not b v. popular!!

 Yeah we'll just ignore you... My song is sooooo much better! Who thinks so? Me. ME. Meeeeeeeeee. Right, five against one!

 *bursts into song* Keep up your HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGH HOPES! Keep up your HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGH HOPES! Oops, there goooes another rubber-tree plant!!!!!!!! *doom-ba doom domm doom...* Cos he's got HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGH HOPES! Yes he's got HIIIIIIIIIIIGH HOPES! Oops, there goooes another killawatt dam!!!!!! don't ask.

 Every body's doing the fish! Yeah yeah yeah! Ehe...sorry listening to RBF! Ok, ok, Real Big Fish. :P Their song Trendy is soooo funny! Ok so I'm a bit weirded out! Oh, gotta go eat flap jacks and ice-cream! (See what I mean?)

 doctor fox? nah, gotta be the demented police guy!! i'm never gonna lok mr.thckray in the face again without cracking up!

 wow! i think im still on a high from thursday!! scary! u no Mr. Thackray, well he also reminds me of doctor fox from the pepsi chart and pop idol now! it's soooooo scary, every where i look it's him!! HELP!!! i can't even stand maths! by the way y dont u visit my website the address is www.uboot.com/u/smile4mexx

 Ohh so I'm actually doing my French hw now. :( Sad huh? I got as far as the front page...hmm... to go or not to gfot further? Mmm, might as well, the French teachers got quite stressy when we last saw her! Mmm sorry folks I'm gonna go colour this in! Oh if you're totally bored why not check out urlLink runescape.com I was going on it, totally confused by every thing! Fun aye? As far as I get it you run around beating people up?! Greeeeat! Oh I think I'll go on it now. I'm Scmoovy well have a nice day!

 No school tomorrow either! Shock horror! (More like wooooohooooo!) The only future is the one you create. Weird huh? Yepie! Hmm just a piece a weirdness I thought I'd spread...to no one but hey it's what I do. It's what I'm doing right now. Hmm why does all the tv have to be so depressing? Are our lives really that sad? Well mine isn't! (Don't say any thing!) Ohh nooo! I actually have to do the French hw now. :( It's in for Thursday... Hehee. Unless no school tomorrow, but isn't that pushing it a bit too far? Yeah, probably. Have a nice life :)

 so tell me the other thing!!!!

 The other thing? Phone me. Oh and guys...NO SCHOOL TOMORROW TOO! Woohooo! Check it out at http://...I'll just go find out...*cough* http://www.nailsea.nsomerset.sch.uk they found another gas leak or something! Oh no, that's not it...they're replacing some of the old humanities stuff and it'll be fixed Tuesday afternoon! So don't go to school! Well, you can if you want to but I won't be! Oh and Izzy I don't play dumb. (Hey, stop putting yourself down!) I get paid to.

 Don't pretend you've forgotten the other THING katie!! Don't play dumb with me!!

 Hey! Ahh no school! Kind of makes you feel a bit unsafe, how they kind of found a gas leak! Greeeat. Mmm I'm kind of getting a really bad head ache cause on this computer my brother's playing loud music and it's kind of going to my head! Argh! Hmm isn't it time for dinner already? My mum left out some backed beans. Mmm Soup a la backed beans. Better go make it.

 hello i had my teeth taken out on friday wow! I went caving this morning - an experience i will never forget!! i think i will go shopping tomorrow

 Should be fixed!

 FIXING ARCHIVES

 What other thing?

 ifljlljtjorjojrohoiua\hrioa stupid brother kicking me off made me delete post, gonna scream at him computer fixed ladydo gotta go fix archives n get off

 Wow, my phone works at last!! but it makes a funny noise when you point the aarial at the c.d player when they're both on which kinda freaked me out. This wierd number texted me and the message said " I know :-)" which was a bit wierd, it could have been laura, cos i texted her a minute before and told her my number, but the numbers weren't the same! wierd!!

 What was the other "thing" ?! I WANNA KNOW!! I'M GOING CRAZY! TELL MEEEEEEEEEE!!! I'm kinda annoyed right now, cos loads of people (boys) on msn suddenly started complaining to me about their girlfriends and asking for advice!!?? I don't remember stamping "ASK ME ABOUT YOUR GIRLFRIEND" on my forehead! Cheez!And I'm preeety bored now so i'm going. byeee!

 wow life is naff again. nicole is throwing up and has diorriah. dad just has diorrah. that is so poop because mum thinks its contajus so i can't go out. woppie doo! i spent my new year in the Lake district. could not go out cos dad was ill. so had to put up with leaning out of my window watching the fire works and singing along with the people down the pub. I know it was a hard job, but hay someones got too do it. I know what you mean about Bristol calling you. It's calling me too!! whan are you all next free. i feel a shopping trip coming on!! hehe!! i am perfectly all right so it's safe too come within a mile radius of me. got to go computer has just broken its self. it better not be your bug....

 Hey kids! Oh sorry about the not coming on but my computer mucked up (again) and oh yes, so did the other one! Happy happy happy! *DISCLAMER DON'T BLAME ME IF YOURS DOES TOO* Just kidding...hehe... Hmm the colour's mucked up, we can only get 16 bit not 32 bit which is a bummer! So at the moment every thing looke ladode. (La-do-d-e) Fun! Ehe. Oh my New Year was spent at home with my cats, depressing huh? Not really, I was running around screaming "Don't panic!" Because the sound of the fireworks seriously freaked the cats out. Hmm so of all the interesting junk mail I got none of it was interesting. Confused yet? I know I am! I got one about me becoming a baby sitter in America! Uhuh. Even though I'm what, 13? nearly 14 and live in England they still wanna get me to be one. Hmm...guess some one's gotta do it. But...maybe not me, today at least. Hmm oh and Izzy all that stuff I told you you're telling no one otherwise...otherwise...! I give Vincent your mobile phone number! HAH! Oh and by the way I don't want to be a American baby sitter so don't ask. Happy new year and hope you don't catch a bug! Oh, sorry, I was talking to your computer. (Not lost it aye?)

 howdy! well its nice to have heating agin, after my dad hit a nail through the central heating pipe when he was trying to do some DIY!! And the cieling nearly collapsed because the gap between the landing floorboards and the living room ceiling was totally flooded!! But its ok now! thank god. and YES! i got through my exam without collapsing in a nervous fit! we had a cool examiner! he was a biker with knee-high boots and a leather jacket with really long hair! cool huh? ok well c u people!

 hello .okay so totally asleep laura. im soooooooooooo tired. i wanna tell the world the cling film pants joke. right ,this guy goes to the doctors wearing nothing but a pair of cling film pants, and he walks in and asks the doctor if they know whats wrong with him, and the doctor goes, i can clearly see you're nuts! thats katies joke. it still cracks me up . okay so now i'm totally freaked out, my sisters ill and she kinda looks like death. it's weird. everythings weird . weird weirdy weirdness . that pretty much sums me up. i'm listening to my reloaded cd. its cool. i'm blabbing, it's cool to have blooger to blab too. because you can blab for as long as you want. now weezer is on. its cool. everythings cool or weird today. tell you whats not cool. i have science tommorrow. and i'm scared because it sounds like sunita and liz have fallen out big time.

 What's the point on being on Msn if no one talks to you?! Wierd huh. Maybe I have a disease which means they can't talk to me. Hehe, have to find another way to freak them out! If you aren't scared then go to urlLink http://www.geocities.com/penelopebiscuitandfriends/home.html

 Hey! My head really hurts, massive head ache! Owchie! Hmm, recon I should turn off the loud music then? Hehe. Why do people have to be popular? Question and not being able to spell thing of the day! IS it one of these I know more people than you ha, I'm better than you things? Sorry, some music makes me go a bit hyper. Like typing a lot! (eh?) Also I was wondering who was reading this and what they were thinking. Hmm, I do think about every thing don't I? That's what Blogger's done to me, made me think more. I go too deep some times! Hmm, I really need to phone Laura and rant on! So erm bi! And remember erm... Knowledge is power and is hard to spell! Some one said that (apart from the hard to spell bit) and I forgot if I put it here or not cause I'm soooo tired and my head hurts. Think I said that already! Eek! I'm gonna go faint some where. Bisi.

 Penelope cant even get to her own website. Snizzy I'm making an offical complaint. Complaint. There we go that will do, please can you help me to get on to it because I've had an idea.

 Heloo again! Happy wednesday! So any way, I just got back from piano and this lady I leant my book to (mum's friend) has given me a massive tube of smarties! Muhahaha! Mmm so I'm just eating them. Mmm. Hehe, and our next door neighbours were throwing out a whole bathroom set, when I got back from piano it was gone. Recon they heard us talking and took it inside? Hmm, do you ever choose to not know some thing? How dumb do some people think we can be. Maybe you just don't want to admit that you know, maybe you shouldn't know what you know so you don't tell any one. Mmm, the smarties are getting to me, usually takes longer than this! Gotta go chop potatoes.

 Heey! I couldn't remember if I had gone on this or not. I'm not feeling too good, really tired and my eyes are playing tricks. Mmm great! Plus the computers throwing a wobbly cause it's going funny...maybe that's my eyes. Sorry, it's just kind of hard to type good stuff when you feel awful. (It's even harder to hit the right buttons and make sense of what you're hitting (EH?)) I know, I know. Mmm maybe it's a you've-been-on-the-computer-for-too-long things! Hey so any way I was thinking, why does every one have to be selfish? I guess you have to be to survive. See, I'm ill! Either I'm ill or mad. No comment please! Doesn't the word either look german? Ether. Hmm fun! Geez way too sick! Any way did you know that I've typed 100+ blogs. Hello Katie, does any one care? Good point. Hey I better go crawl into a hole now. Yeah, it better be full of paracetamol. Mmm now I'm having a can't-remember-if-I've-done-that thing. I think it's called amneisa. Yup, if I could spell it, it would be. Any one know where to get a good spell checker? Or a brain. Mmmm. Aargh! I really need to go! I almost got squashed by my bookcase then! It almost fell on me! Hehe. Local girl dies by being hit by bookcase. Greeeat. Bubi. Be happy that you're healthy cause you don't know how long it's gonna last. Depressing huh?

 im really quite scared so i think ill get ready for school now. by the way the hyperlink to that other site is kool.

 urlLink

 urlLink What is YOUR Highschool label?

 urlLink

 Scary, isn't it?

 urlLink What is YOUR Highschool label?

 urlLink It's madness I tell you! Sorry but I'm getting obsessed, more on the way!

 Hey everyone check out urlLink http://minuit.org/pooped/blogger.html It's cool!

 Hey I'm waiting for an excuse! And don't use the rabbit or owl excuse again! You better make it reaaal good! Ehe...anyway the blue squidgy things were on the game. Wow, you really read that far back. I'm gonna go see if we're in the top bottom (that so makes no sense!) in Blog hop! (It's the rating thingy at the bottom...you can't prove that all the clicks so far have been me!) *shivers* hey who opened the door. See, I'm loosing it! Hey this isn't a clever blog people! I can't even spell losing! AARGH!

 urlLink

 blue squidgy things?? hey im doing the site! WOW!! sorry i havent been on for ages, i'll give u a really long lame excuse next time! byedlie-bye-byes!

 Heeey! For some reason I keep singing God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen! That or the muppets song that goes "Shiver my timbers shiver my soul!" Ehe. I think we've talked about that already. Yup! Hey so what does every one think of my links? Queer huh! Hmm I'm just looking back at old posts and getting pretty scared! Hey I'm super happy! It's like wow, I'm never super happy! I'm in a bubblegum bubble of happiness! (Ew I'm not going to clean up after it bursts!) Wow, for some weird reason I'm looking through the English dictionary, probably the same reason why I'm typing this. Oh, news flash IZZY'S ON! Wow! Did you know that pomp means a splendid display or ceremony? Did you even care? Probably not! Hey on the new weird site we should have a quiz to find out what biscuit you are! Wow! (Geez I'm bored!) Hey I wonder if geez is in the dictionary! :O! It isn't! What were thouse guys thinking! Geez! Hmm I was thinking...I should buy a domain. Hey I'm mega bored! It's either this or watching Laurence Luewela trying his hardest not to muck peoples houses up. Hmm... What am I doing?!

 Heloo! I fell onto a weird site! It's all in Japanese but it's got a cool/scary game on it! urlLink http://ribon.shueisha.co.jp/game/game.html You're the guy in the fish head and you have to get the squid looking things without hitting the rocks or being caught. (Got it?) Yeah...whatever Katie. And the blue squidy things make you go Wooosh! Ehe...I'll go now.

 Hellooo! Hey well we got out of school at 2:10 today. Grreeeat. Big thing, one hour early. But I got soaked in the rain! It was pouring down and now I need a shower. Oh yeah...slower typing, my brothers ill. But he wouldn't let me in so loud typing to get back at him! Muhaha! Mmm. Any way I'm trying to open up this window but it's not letting me! Meanie! I'm proud to admit that I'm a member of POSRAA (Pickled Onion Space Raders Addicts Anonymous) Cool huh? Apart from I'm not Katie...I'm an anonymous person. *cough* (Think I fooled them?) Izzy's setting up a queer site cause we all turned into biscuits...yup. Don't worry I'll put a link, or that is WORRY! Hehe. It'll probably take weeks to finish though cause I never finish sites I start! I was browsing and I found a really cool one! urlLink http://garnet.nu/garnet/ Trust me it's cool! But that's only really if you've played FFIX. Mmm, I should go walk around the web. I'll shout if I see any thing interesting or step in a puddle. (EH?) Bubi.

 Hey well the virtual kitty didn't work, I'll have to go hunt around for a virtual thingamebob. Why? Why not!

 Heeey! I added a virtual kitty, hey, I'm bored! Mmm so what happened yesterday? Nothing really! I went a bit crazy watching the telly though. Oh it's mother's day in a few weeks. It's either gonna be Feng Shui for you and your cat or some thing else for my mum! Ooh, I found the wierdest site, you can't say a lot and it freaks me out but it's cool...well a bit... Ohh, right, I'm supposed to put a link! Just wondering does every one like the pink more than the blue? I do! urlLink http://www.planetjuice.co.uk I'm vita177. Don't ask why I am, they told me I am! Have fun!

 Oook! That was sooo funny! I phoned Laura and just before the person picked up the phone the computer says "I think it's you bosoms" (Now doesn't that look like the wrong spelling?) Really loud cause my brother set it to say that and her Grandma picked it up! Whoops! I'm not sure if she heard it though! Lol! Music to listen to at the moment is Shut the door by the Mad Caddies! Cause I'm always telling people to shut the door and I'm a bit obsessed with it! Hehe! I'll just go crawl into a hole now!

 Hey! How come mum's know every thing? Must be a thing. Mine's really good at advising me if I don't know what to do (ie. if I'm angry!) Any way...why am I on this again? Ooh yeah it's cause I've got nothing to do. Any way I could be watching tv! I've gone a bit mad playing the piano allll the time, like practising tooo much! It's cause I like hearing the music and I guess you could say that it's one thingt that you can stick with and it won't confuse you! Ehe. I need to phone Laura and have a good old rant...good idea. Have a nice day!

 urlLink Take the Final Fantasy X personality test urlLink here ! by Recon I'm on a winning streak? What's with me coming on this all the time? Guess I'm borrreeeed! Hey if you wanna listen to some mental (and I mean mental) music then why not listen to No Hope - Mad Caddies. Hehe trying to be really tough with a pink back drop is kind of hard if you get what I mean! Ok, ok, I'll go sit with the cats! Bubi!

 I'm naive and easily lied to! Hey and no one told me?! Err is it me or does Yuna have one green eye and one blue one?!

 You're Yuna. You're hardworking and honest, and also a little naive. You can easily be lied to, but in the end your friends will look out for you. Kind and loving you'd never hurt a fly. You'd be willing to do anything to help others, even if it means some personal sacrafices for you. Which Final Fantasy X Character would YOU be? Take the urlLink test . Heey! So yeah, we've talked about Pob about five zillion times! Yeah I get that scare other people thing. It's cool on Msn cause if you don't know what to say to them you just scare them and they block you and that embarrassing silence is delt with! (Learn from the master!) Oh dear...I just found a site about Commander Keen! urlLink http://www.geocities.com/TimeSquarePortal/5308/ Random addy aye? I think you know when you're going mad when you start talking about Commander Keen and Pob! ...It wasn't me! So are people actually scared of us or just laughing at our wierd ideas. I get scared by myself when...OH GOD THE LEFT THE CATS WITH MY CHOCOLATE BAR! Eeek! No that doesn't scare me...well, it does now! I better go rescue it. If I come back with half a arm and teeth marks around the wound it was Mango! Ahh! Saved! Oh that's great Laura, use paragraphs when you don't need them! Hehe. Any way I was looking at this website that said about what Blogging is. I think it makes you think deeper into things because what I type is what's going through my head but you concentrate on it more. It also helps you realise that every one else thinks the same stuff (you'll probably lose me some times but that's ok, I'm just queer) Ooook so on this Commander Keen website they've got a bit called 'Aliens Ate my Babysitter'. Ehe. Ahh....Freak out! Sorry, it's that really bad song from the 70's. Don't you love that " Shiver my timbers shiver my soul. Yo ho e ho! song! It rules! It was the opening song on Muppet Treasure Island (don't ask how I remember that!) Oh check out urlLink http://www.muppetworld.com/ if you really wanna get into Cabin Feaver! (Trust me I tried to spell that four times and that looks like the best one!) Ahh. Thought for the day. Or thought of my life! I'm happy with who I am and where I am.

 hello everybody it's simply spiffing to see you. okay i'm scaring myself . i always think that if i scare myself then what must i be doing to other people. people must think i'm really weird. okay so i know that they do. i'm so bored that i think i might be going slightly mad .question:how do you know when you're going mad? i found this amazing game on my computer the other day. It's called Commander Keen and it is the best thing ever! i may possibly the only person in the world that has it but it rools. did anyone used to watch pob? i used to! i try to talk about it but no-one knows what i'm on about. it's about this dudey little guy who spits on the screen at the beginning and writes pob.(it's not as disgusting as it sounds)There must be some other mad pob fans out there! wow, bye for now,i'm off to see if there is a pob website!

 Thing for the day: Have the confidence in yourself to do whatever you want to do!

 Oooh heloo! Friday today! Woohoo freeee! Ahh I was having serious thinking time when I was walking home! Hmm maybe I shouldn't think so deeply. There is a point between obsession and cleverness....right guys?... Happy mode cause it's Friday and I'm listening to music. Hehe PSE was funny! Oh PSE is personal social education I think. So it's where we all sit down and talk about drugs and things. It's quite easy to say no to drugs. That is if you're not afraid of what your image will look like if you say no. If you have nothing to lose then you have nothing to gain. Ehe. Well it kind of works I guess. You just have to have a strong voice in your head waking you up. I don't have a go at people who take drugs, it won't do any thing. Any way, here's a fact: cannabis isn't actually as bad as smoking! The only reason that the British government won't make it legal is because they think that it'll lead you on to harder drugs. People take drugs to be happy, but I'm like that any way! Do you have to be that insecure to take them? What will people do to look good infront of their mates?!

 Heyyy! So erm having a bit of a disaster over here. Don't worry I'm not gonna blab on about it like I usually do. But isn't that the point of Blogger? Ehe. Any way I'm sooo hungry! That's about all I have to put... Oh, three cheers for Izzy because she actually did that Macbeth thingy in class! Woohooo!

 O.K this is the one and only Penelope Biscuit here, and i have just broken up with Fred Zanziba!! It had to be done. I'm very touched that you feel that you need to talk to us about things like this Kes. (Sorry I can't remember your other name!!....I appologise and hide my head in shame.) I have to dash I hear Delia Smith calling!!

 Wow! Laura was on! And Fox Kids doesn't suck! Hmm... Well. What to blab about? Oh yeah...there's this girl at school. Let's call her Blob. Okay so now this isn't gonna sound serious it's gonna sound cheese and tacky! But anyway... I think she got bullied at her last school and she told us she ran away. She was laughing about it yesterday but today she started crying. She wouldn't tell any one what was wrong and didn't want to talk about it, if you tried she would just walk away and I don't know what to do! If she wants to be left alone shouldn't we just leave her alone? But every one needs to talk to people. It's better to do that. She kind of stood there and cried... Help any one? I don't think we should force her to tell us. Just be around for her. But she's new and we don't really know her so she might not think that she can rely on us that much. If we force it out of her it might make it worse. She needs to talk to her parents about it other wise she might do some thing stupid. Maybe they're part of the problem so maybe she shouldn't. Maybe she should talk to the school councillor but maybe she doesn't want to and won't say any thing any way. Sorry but that's what's going round my head. I just don't know how to help her. This is true. I don't know how to help Blob. (Hehe that sounds stupid!) SERIOUS. (Whoops, sorry!) How can you talk to some one that keeps walking away? I think she thought that moving school would make all her problems go away. Nothing can do that apart from yourself. Hmm. If you have a good idea then e-mail me where it says contact by the bloghome thingy! Well, sorry to make you depressed have a nice day and remember where ever you are or who ever you are we are all lucky.

 okay i have one more thing to say....FOX KIDS SUCKS!

 wow i'm a cabbage! i have no taste or ambition! I'M PROUD TO BE A CABBAGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 hello ! wow what the wooooo! how cool. incredibly bored Laura. who would like to tell you about the BEST new words that i created. Dollywop is the best one because it can mean anything you want. Then there is stresspot which is what you call someone who is getting ultra stressy (i.e. my sis) . and lastly Fussbum for someone who is becoming just tooooooo fussy to handle.Please let me know if you would like to sign my non existent petition to get these words in the dictionary. did you know that delia smith is in the dictionary? i'm just the walking useless fact book today. hello to Penelope Biscuit and Rita Rivita. And by the way penelope i know about your secret affair with Fred. He is married you know, to Priscilla Pepperpot.

 Heyyy! So...let's talk about baths. (Hey you better nod or I'll start talking about my wierd dreams!) Erm, right. The wierdest thing I found in a bath was a flower! Oh also I kind of found a floating dead spider... *cough* Mmm lovely. Can any one out queer me? Nope! Any way about dreams. I had the coolest dreams! We walked into class and we were late and my white coat kind of had rainbow splotches on it, so as you do Mr K asked why we were late. I said that it had been raining paint and chocolate rabbits! Not chocolate rabby rabbits. Like slabs of chocolate with rabbits printed on them! Ehe. So as you do he said ehe right. But it actually had been raining paint and chocolate rabbits! Mmm! Then I was thinking about how it would kind of hurt if it was raining slabs of chocolate! Hehe. Analyse that! (I'm sure I spelt analalallalalayse wrong but what the whooo!) Every one says what the hey. I'm gonna go now cause I scare myself!

 Ugh! My computers gone mad! It's missing letters out in things, and not showing whole web pages... Well showing them but just with no words! It keeps not showing Tahoma font when I try to type with it on Microsoft Word. I'm also doing this essay on volcanoes and I don't know if it's supposed to be in by tomorrow! Whoops! I think this computer doesn't like me... Maybe if I kick it a little. Bad idea. Last time I did that the monitor cut out! Ahh, back to school tomorrow! Hey when's the day when we're going in later and stuff? Better check the school website. Mmm guess what? It's all in white! Noooo! I haven't actually done any of my hw! Guess I can't be as bored as some people! Check out urlLink http://www.nailseatrials.co.uk/indexi.html because...I actually know who some of these people are! (Yeah right) Plus I'm bored and hey, I'm gonna go watch Stig of the Dump! *groan*

 ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh my feet and shoulders ache!!! i have just finished walking and i hope if i have enough sence i will not do it again!! im blabbering on so just ignore me. bi!! :):(

 Err...great Lynne! So helooo! I'm doing hw today. Okay so I'm supposed to have it done seeing as I've kind of had four days doing it, but I got a bit obsessed watching it! Oh Monsters, Inc is good. Kind of a kiddy movie though so you've gotta be in a luagh at every one and every thing mood! Oh I like the feature thingy before it, it was funny! I better go pretend I'm doing hw ;) Bubi!

 urlLink apparently I'm also a Spud!!

 grumble groan!!! Im doing my D of E walk tomorrow and I don't want to go!! Thats it!!

 urlLink

 urlLink Whoohoo!

 Helooo again! Oh I'm typing every day cause I'm bored and we've got no school. Funny, I'm kind of missing it! I don't get to see every one I see at school and we can't make fun of Mr. Kelly! (Our teacher) But hey I'm going to see a film today! It's either gonna be Monsters Inc or Rat Race. Hey, no one's too old for a U! Mmm I think the stuff in my ear's gone hard! Yikes! Oh well. Oh another thing some how we've got Fox Kids and Fox Kids +1hr! But hey, I'm not complaining! It's got Spiderman and Inspector Gadget on it! Hey I'm a little kid at heart and I love those cartoons! It's also got Flint the Time Detective which Izzy will be soooo happy about. (She's obsessed with it) So I might actually get to see it! If you're as bored as me check out urlLink Monsters, Inc! I'll be doing a review on it probably! (I'm that bored!) Actually it's because my science hw is too hard and I lost my big expensive revision book!

 Mmm well woohoo valentine's day! (Does any one actually ever get cards?) Not me! Oh well. Hmm I really should go get some dinner. Oh my brother had all his friends around last night and cooked for them. Guess who had to wash up?

 me again. i saw Beauty and the Beast last nite @ the Hipodrome. It's absoultly brilliant. Go and see it.

 ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh grumble groan. had 2 visit the Grandparents today, i got 2 though. oh well. wot did u do 2day?

 Hi again! Sorry about no blogs, but I've been shopping! I'm really bad at shopping, I guess I'd flunk retail therapy. I went in and came out, the only things I bought was about 100 drinks! Then I got some padded plasters cause my shoes were rubbing! Wierd huh? I had to buy twenty for one! Hehe. Guess it was worth it. Well I kind of put one on, then put a bigger one over the top and Izzy took one and she can't get it off! Owchie! Oh also my brother and his friends are cooking tonight! Aargh! I've gotta phone the doctor before he comes! Don't tell him, but last time he cooked it kind of gave me a bit of a stoumach bug! Mmm. But it's alright, cause he said we're eating Mango! (the cat if you don't follow this, I doubt any one does...apart from if you're looking for pea nut shells! (nod and walk away)) Mmm, still not cured from my manic speaking and typing problem! Hey I got a lot of brownie points today, we helped an old lady because she couldn't get up the escalators (whatever) so we helped her up the lift! Heeey Alkaline Trio are a good band too! Hmm I really really should get paid more! Mmm I should start looking for more people to go on this, it's too quiet and even though every one's oh-so happy listening to me blabbing it kind of gets boring listening to yourself! Oh and now my chocobo's red! Sorry I'm kind of overly obsessed! (Aren't you!) Hey I have to think of some thing really and clever and wise to say, wait a minute......Oh! Be happy who you are and where you are because you could be some one different some where else. Okay so leave out the wise bit and that's fine! (It sounds clever!) I better go raid the biscuit tin and check the cats haven't found it first! Bubi. - Kes

 Heeey! Oh if you click on the thing (counter) at the bottom of the page it shows you how people get here. I'm that bored. Any way some one searched for Edna's Goldfish and they got here! (There are some wierd links out there!) Any way, so wow some one else actually knows who Edna's Goldfish are! They rule! It's like ska, but mellow. Ok so I'm not making any sense now. Hmm what to have for dinner? Sorry. Any way I think that there best song is either Instant Message or Sunrise 2 Sunset. You can down load them off of Morpheus or whatever you use. Hey, I'm a sales person for them! (I should get paid more!) Mmm how come people go on this but never e-mail me? It must be one of those, don't know what to say. Yeah, I know the feeling. 'Hey, just saw you're blog, and all the things in your life. My name's Bob. Bye.' Mmm hmm. When I'm older (101) I wanna be a psychiatrist. Hmm. I'll go check the spelling. Wow it was right! So I can say 'Hey, I'm a shrink' Sounds good huh? (NO!) You have to train for five years as a doctor though, then branch out into Psychiatry. (I'm just in it for one of those big long leather chairs!) Apparantly not every one gets one though. :( Maybe a 21st birthday present?! I just love thinking about how other people are thinking...I make it sound so...so...wierd. I think it's great how you can think about why we think that and what other people think. Plus you get to help people so it sounds good. Hmm, now I'm thinking too much! Have fun. Oh and don't eat grass!

 Mmm. Me again. Well I only type one blog a day cause nothing interesting happens to me! It's cause we've got no school, no one's doing any thing stupid so there's nothing to type about! Oh, apart from I turned my chocobo blue! But hey, who wants to know that? And what sort of a name is Choco for a chocobo?! Oh, also we found well I found that we still have a fish in our pond! :O Shock! Geez, that's blummin' admazing! (Doesn't admazing sound soooo much better than amazing?!) I went on some one's blog and they were going on like they're the only brits that use blogger! Heloo! Any way they kept going on about being brits and I was like ok...I'm going now... They were from Bristol too, but I was too freaked by then! See! I need other people to talk! I'm gonna go crazy! Aparantly (I'm sure that's got one e in at least but what do I know?) another.co.uk costs money to get now! But I signed up when they were free so they're being nice to me... or they haven't figured that I'm not paying. I really can't be bothered to pay for stuff on the net. Why fork out the money for a domain when you can get free ones? Do you think so people need to expand their ego or some thing? Hmm. Maybe they just spend too much time on the net. (Well hey, I can't be bothered to pay for one.) Yeah, spending way too much time on the net is me! Why is it that I have like 50 people on my Msn list and the most boring people decide to come on? Ehe. I better go cause I need to do some thing...

 Where is every one? It's just me! Aargh! Any way every one's going into Bristol. I don't wanna cause it's cold and my ear hurts! Broadie woke me up today. He jumped on my bed and thudded around for a bit. He's getting really heavy! The only bad thing is if you move your foot under the covers he tries to jump on it! (Stupid cat) Then when he jumps off you hear this loud *thud!* Mmm he needs to go on a diet! Oh and Mango got a frog, ate it and left the legs! Whoops! Never a dull moment if you've got three cats! Heeey going back into relaxed mode. I'm a bit wierd actually (ya think?) listening to Lifehouse really relaxes me! It's like saying SUM41 put you to sleep. (Well they do with me!) They just sold out to pop, any way they're rubbish! My friend lovs them though and she's really excited that she's going to see them and it's like 'Umm whoo-hoo yeah, great...' So how is every one? What's every one doing? Mmm some one really should phone me cause I'm going crazy! It was hailing the other day and it covered the floor! Hmm it's too cold for school, lucky we got a week off. Recon we could go on strike?

 Mmm that was realllly nice coconut cake! Sorry I had to go otherwise my cat (or my Dad) would of had it! Ahhh I was really relaxed, listening to Lifehouse but then I put Edna's Goldfish on and now I'm kind of hyper! Heeey! So where is every one? Did they go on holiday? Probably. Mmm have a nice day and eat coconut cake!

 Hey peeps. Now I'm really confused about what to do. HEEY! Coconut cake! I'll be back in a sec.

 Hey! This guy was writing an article about blogs and he was saying how uninteresting and uninspiring they are! Well he hasn't been to this one! (This one can't spell too!) But seriously, who gets paid to write stuff like that and who reads it? *COUGH* Oh thanks...well I didn't know! Great, let's put down thousands of people woohoo! Grrreat going... Any way in the news today; Princess Margaret died! (And yes I did have to check how to spell Margaret!) It sounds like she's had a really depressing life though. I think we should all try to make other people's lives happier and longer. What's the point of being alive if you're not happy and every one around you is depressed? We should try to improve our lives by improving others. Oh yeah, I'm hearing you, I'll shut up now! Isn't it a bit wierd that Henry VIII set up the Church of England so he could get divorced but then royals can't marry divorcees? Some one has to look into this. And because of this some royals are depressed. It must be some thing to do with God wouldn't want it or some thing... Yeah great going, cut yourself off from the Catholic church so you can divorce some one then say you can't marry a divorced person because that's against god or something? Oh by the way, I'm not trying to offend any one I'm just saying that Henry VIII was a bit stupid. ...Maybe a bit more than a bit. Yes, I will shut up now! Have a happy day and think about the consequences. (By the way I can't hear out of my right ear at all today cause of this ear ache!)

 Helooo! I'm disappointed at the lack of blogs! (Hehe, that just makes me sound like a idiot!) Heey nice going. No more school for a week! Whoooopidooopie! Yeay! Oh bad news; I still have the ear ache. Hey I wonder who our invisible friend is going to say hi to. SEE WHAT NOT BLOGGING DOES TO ME? What can I say? I'm bored and this is the only thing I can do!

 Hey. Sicky here. Well I'm still ill and my ear kills! I'm gonna go to school tomorrow. Well I have to hand in that options form thingy plus I lost the 'yes she can see the drama group' letter! Whoops! Heeey! I watched the Animal Show or whatever it's called. It's the Jim Henson thingy. It's sooo cool, I've watched it ever since I was little though. Okay so now you see what staying inside all the time does to you! One thing I'll never do in life is look at the inside of ears! Laura's against looking at feet though. They can be kind of gross. Hey does any one out there say gr-o-ss not grow-se. Erm guess not. How cold is it today?! Brrrr! Freezing. Oh, yeah, it would kind of help if I put the heating on... Whoopsie! The scary dustbin men came! So I kind of hid behind Mango. Great huh? Oh and I'm kind of working on a new page for this, but it's kind of tiring typing out all that HTML and no one else gets it! Hmmm....HTML lessons. Yeah, I'll need them! Oh thought for the day: I can't get wetter than this. Hey, that's more like a quote... Have fun you soaked people you. Yeah, just remember it's because I've been stuck inside...

 So ok now I'm getting bored! Hmm I dunno if I'll go to school tomorrow, my ear still hurts loads and now my head's spinning. Fun! Hey new song that's kind of in my head all the time! I Try by Lifehouse. I looove it! Hey does that mean that my tech project is umm totally not finished? Ohh! My dog! My poor dog! :( Ehe...every one who doesn't know what I'm talking about just nod...good good. Oh and it was a dog, not a rabbit! (or a llama Izzy) I'm gonna go back to feeling ill now...Bubi.

 Hey I was wondering if any one had a spare ear? No? Umm what about a knee?

 Heloo. Sicky here. Well actually it's my ear that's sick...it hasn't been sick but you know what I mean. Hey way to dig myself out of that hole aye? *cough* Mmm so I'm not at school today. :( Cause of my ear throwing up and everything. I've gotta sit around doing nothing! Yay! It's actually boring. Oh Izzy isn't at school either. And I lost the parents evening thingy so I had to make it all up!

 i went to tescos today, in the pooring rain and the freezing cold. Katie i have to agree with u about msn. i have about 15 contacts and none of them r ever online. ho hum tweedle dee. please can the admin lady add my home page 2 the list of homepages. it is: www.uboot.com/u/smile4mexx ta

 I'm happy today! Erm...don't know what about but I am! Happy with life. It's one of those sit-in-your-chair-and-go-ahh moments. Ahh. It's also one of those I-don't-know-what-to-talk-about-but-I'll-keep-going moments. Oh hey and umm did we have any hw? Apart from that massive piece of French where we have to write about French shops in a booklet. And the point is...? Any French teachers out there please come and kick ours out! She's rubbish! Even the dreaded prison lady Meunch is better than her. (And that's saying a lot!) How come on Msn you have loads of people and no one's online? :( I'm gonna go be happy some where else...some where like the Moon...stay with that thought! Toodles! Remember; Just because you can't see out of every one's eyes doesn't mean that they can't. Okay, so I've gone a bit wierd but so what? It's Monday and we haven't got school! Toodles (again) *sigh* I really should go...

 So hey! Hey! Hey! I went to see my Grandpa today then we had a depressing chat in the car! :) Happy happy happy!

 Lynne yippiekia isn't french or german it's moonish of course! We have pink already!

 i like what u have done but please can we only talk in English no French or Spanish or German. i love the pink its sooooo cool. i think that we should have it.

 Mmm let's take it nice and slow. Edna's Goldfish are a band. Instant Message is there song. You have to pay a fee for blogger pro. (!) *SIGH* Oh and hey I was thinking of doing urlLink this! But hey, comments any one? Mmm ok so I do have to change it but oh well. Oh and hey! Why oh why do I keep saying that? Geez! Or yippiekia! Which sooo rules! I'm gonna crawl away now cause more people are coming and taking over our house....

 Katie i do not want 2 pay a fee and u have totelly confused me. what ever u put @ the bottom i have not got and wot is instant message, and who is Edna and her goldfish. i think all should be reveled in Kes Sims next post.... got it Katie!

 Ok, ok so how much wierder can this web site get? (Hehehe!) Ooops did I type that out loud? That doesn't work! Any way I'm now going to confuse you all by pulling a carrott out of a hat (don't ask!) So umm here's my recommended thingy to listen to Instant Message - Edna's Goldfish that rules! Edna's Goldfish are cool, wierd name though! But hey, can I talk? I'm kind of into ska though so it might be a bit wierd for some of you lot. Yeah I started blabbing about some thing else but I got scared! Hey...wonder if I can add a about us bit? Hmm I should be able to! Oh if it all goes black it was Izzy!

 Hey I added a new thing at the bottom! Wow, hey all the umm stuff's at the bottom but seeing as no one sees it what's the point? Oh dear, I should go!

 WOW!!!! i got fed up with being called "snizzy thing" and changed my name and now all the posts have changed! how cool!

 er... is it me or have all the archives dissappeared?? help katie!!!!

 :o!!!!! this person on msn is telling me that the easter bunny isn't reall!!!



 wow!! laura blogged! only about two full words, but - yeah!! mmm. toblerone egg... ooh! i had a moment of inspiration and thought of THE COOLEST DOMAIN NAME!!!! ........

 mmmm... chocolate

 aww wow! The Road To El Dorado rules!!!! it's soo cool! "Holy Ship!" sorry i just love that bit :D Ok Lynne, we have to blog everyday!!! Ok, we'll take it in turns ok? Ok... we can do this... heh heh, we can... survive without....without katie blogging... sure we can... yeah. :S

 The Queen Mother is DEAD! I thought i better tell u incase u r living in a hole or a cave (katie) hello from lynnes sister!

 Wow, and the shortest blog ever award goes to Izzy! Hey! I just watched The Road to El Dorado! It's soooo funny! Ok, so it's a disney movie but you only live once right? Oh, I'm going to Scotland tomorrow! Yeay! Sunday-Saturday so don't worry I will be back, I'm counting on the rest of you guys to blog ok! Ahhh! A whole week without a playstation and no net?! You've got to be kidding me! AAARGH!!! I'm gonna go make the most of my having-a-playstation-time. Bisi!

 hello!

 Ehe, you should be careful on that site it's very very strange!

 BECKI hasss to see this!: urlLink http://brunching.com/toys/starwarstitles.html

 Whoops! I had two blog girls things, it should be fixed. Oh the random posts are so the blog changes and I can see if it's totally mucked up! (the layout) Hey does any one know where to get a good layout?

 Hey sorry I'm mucking about! Hmm so what's new...? Did I mention that I was cold??? Go to: urlLink http://brunching.com/categories/toys.html if your as bored as me!

 Joined!

 Hey, we're joining the blog girls webring ok?

 urlLink urlLink What Flavor Icecream Are You? I looove cookie dough ice cream. We had it in the USA! Mmmm....

 *phew* That was a long run :P Nah, just scary people came around so I had fun hiding! :) :) :)

 SCARED! People here running away! -------> (Me running...)

 Heeeeeeeey! We some how dl the final fantasy six theme tune, it's good! I'm getting really annoyed with sites where you can't read anything cause of the colours!

 Hey! The French & Saunders is one on Lord of the Rings! Like they did the Star Wars one! Cool huh? I'm gonna go beat the crap out of Kuja hehehe. (Just nod) Bubi!

 urlLink http://www.geocities.com/Priestess_Ishida/CloRith.html Hehe, click on the argument link, these people are getting way too into FFVII! I got way too much into FFVIII though!

 WOoHoO! i have the computer back! and it's father Ted night tonight followed by French&Saunders on BBC1! yay!!!! (lynne told me that) *sigh*

 hello people ive taken over Izzy's user name- she aint happy about it either!! oh well passing over to Beki now! its beki Ive kiled them aha evil laugh HaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHa well what should i do wif their bodys burn them??? u havent killed us we r still here! (Lynne!)

 Woohoo Friday and no school (but I'm itching like hell!) Whoopedoo!

 urlLink http://www.postmanpat.co.uk/ WOW! NOW NOW don't get tooo excited! OH WELL! YEEEAY! IT'S EVEN GOT THE SONG ON IT! SORRY I'M GETTING A BIT EXCITED! WAIT UNTIL IZZY FINDS OUT ABOU THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 WOW! That site's got adventure's of Zippy! I always knew he took crack! (That is probably why his voice is so wierd!) Hey, did any one not know that George was a boy?! How queer! (Hey I can use queer there...right...?)

 urlLink http://funkyshit.org/ it's got bad stuff about McDonalds. (Hey, it keeps Izzy happy) Woohoo I'm gonna go on FFIX! (Yeay we won't have to listen to your bordom for much longer!) Grr!

 Aaaaah. :( :( :( Geez, I'm going mad! Any ways, Lozzy if you do bother to get a playstation you have to play a final fantasy! (Hey, you don't have a choice!) FFIX is the easiest (in my opinion) FFVII is just like aargh for a bit then it ahh but FFVIII is OMG I CAN'T DO THIS all the way. I really really can't finish it! I got every one up to level 60 then I saved over the game eek! Whoops!

 :( :( :( Heey! I think I just joined - I really want a PS2 so I can play Final Fantasy X fan club! Heeey, I just thought, I haven't got FFVI! OMG! What am I doing?! I should be out spending my dad's money! :P Go to urlLink http://gamespot.com/gamespot/filters/products/media/0,11100,197344,00.html and if you see Clips: 66 and 57 without falling in love with the game then there must be some thing wrong with you! Aww! I want it! :( :( :(

 Yeay! No more school! :) :) :) (I'm the evil three headed monkey!) Ooh, is it just me or are all the dad's really obnoxious (I used a long word! What's the betting it's wrong) and all the mum's are really wise and patient. All the dad's are rash and don't back down easily. Hmmm! I'm sooo tired! We were playing rounder today and I was the last person not out. I had to run around then bat, then run around again. Aargh it was madness. Rounders is fun! Even though I hit the ball behind me it's still cool! I'm gonna go explore the web, does any one know any good webbies to visit? Bubi. :) :) :)

 wow!!! laura was online today!! and thats about the only amazing thing. its the Easter Hols!! WOOHOO!

 izzy: Hi!!!! I can't be bohtered (well actually i can but katie wont let me) to sign out of katies and on to mine, so here i m! BOOO! Hello! Yes, I'm here in French too, and it's pretty boring. apart from Bob, our imaginary friend who lives in the clouds and has greeen hair! yes, he's cool! Ok, i'll go now before the teacher sees.

 *Ahem!* We're at schooooooooooooollllll! Ehe...and we shouldn't be one this! We're in French. Je suis pain. One this? On this. Ehe. Bad typing. Whopppppedoooo!

 Hey! i think that u may be able to come to my house on Friday if im good untill then!! Katie i think that you should have your hair done like Rachel on friends, i love her hair. i hope you gave my work into mr Thackray and that dave got Martins card. Twelfth night play is soooooooo boring we were there with a load of fairfield kids and we all wanted to beat them up because they had insulted me in the loos. Loads of fairfield boys were in the girls loos!! wierd or what.

 Heeeeey. It's the I think too much and no one cares society! I was walking home, thinking too much and I didn't really notice that I was kind of surrounded by people so I stomped. But what they hey, I don't care any way. I'ld rather not be popular and have actual friends instead of having that embarassing silence and the false smiles. Wouldn't you? Any ways, my brother hacked into my MSN account! (Luckily I cleared it out a few days ago!) Cleared it of...nothing... Ehe, so any ways what are we doing on Friday cause we got nooo school! Hehe, doesn't any ways sound so much bette than any way?!

 uh oh, it's thattime of the day again folks, It's.... Katie's Happy Hour! Oh dear, she's on a high. Argghhh! I rememeber your brother when you were little, and every time i came round, you would have a fight over the T.V remote, and he always won! Ahhh happy days. It's fun being the older sibling, only that my little brother seriously does think that he knows everything so you have to bite your tounge a lot! Ok - big decision - SHOULD I GET MY HAIR CUT? I'm thinking of getting it cut short. and I mean short SHORT SHORT kinda short. Oooh! It reminds me of thet song - "I like short shorts, you like short shorts!" So yeah - ALL COMENTS WELCOME!!! AND WILL SOMEBODY PLEASE USE THE CHATBOX FOR CRYING OUT LOUD!!???? Owww!! I have SERIOUSLY *hurt* (What would Moomin Moma say!) up my ankle. :( poo. it hurts every time i move it now. Oh well, i'll just hobble along. Wahoo! I have new trousers! Wooppee! Cos the other ones broke... um... in a kinda embarrasing place! So anyway... Oooh! look at that cloud! It looks like a racing car..... heh heh....

 HEHE! HAPPY HYPER HIDIDELIHIHO!

 Hehe. My brother's made me really jumpy and tense! It's because he always used to scare me when I was younger so I scream all the time now at the littelest thing! EEEK! My brother dl Pretty Women! The song! AAARGH! THIS HOUSE IS GOING MAD! Well, apart from the fact the doors open, and you'll probably see my brother first and I'm listening to Pretty Women by a guy called Roy Orbison it's a sane house! Err....the guy just did a 'rowwwlll' you know like...people...do... I'm gonna run scared now! My mum's coming from the hospital today! :)

 noooo!!! my mum's trying to convince me to buy a skirt for the summer. A SKIRT! I haven't worn a skirt since i was about 8! "You'd look lovely in a long skirt, dear!" noooo! ABSOLUTELY NOT!!!!!

 awww don't worry, it could be worse, you could have got The Fool tarot card on the "What Tarot card Are You?" test. Oww!!! my arm is killing mee! i did about 2 hours of solid violin practice this afternoon and now i have blisters on the ends of my fingers and it kinda hurts to type :(

 HEEEY! Hmm, is it me or is life getting worse? Hey, that means it's gonna get better soon! :) (You actually believe that?)

 Oh and any way my brother kept swearing at me and having a go at me cause I'd already spoke to my Grandpa but he asked me if I wanted to talk to him but I had already. So he was swearing at me loads which makes me feel a whole lot better (not) and I almost started to cry. Great great great! :( Why does he always have a go at me?

 You're so nice to me.

 woohoo i'm nit free! Ok i'm just trying to figure out how the hell i'm gonna tie my hair back tomorrow... :( i'm sure its grown about a ft. since yesterday. crazy. Hahahaaaa!!!! I'M THE FOOL TAROT CARD!!! urlLink Which tarot card are you?

 urlLink Which tarot card are you? Yippie! Does that mean I can turn you all into frogs and let Mango... umm play with you... (Nooooo! I just gave away my plan to take over the...umm...toaster....) YIPPIEKIA! Hey does any one out there in the strange distance (?) now a good RPG game like Final Fantasy's (but not) that I can play cause I wanna play one! :( ...Otherwise I'll turn you into a frog!

 Don't worry Izzy, they only like clean hair. (MUHAHAHA!) Hey, sorry, that was mean. :P. Oh and like don't go telling every one cause... well you know... you wouldn't like it if I did it. Plus I erm can't really go to school if they find out *COUGH* And it's not that bad, just constantly scratching your head!

 Aww i'm really sorry 2 hear about your grandad kaite, i really hope he's ok. you're probably thinking "Shuttup!!! You don't know what it's like!" and you're right, i don't have a clue what it's like. Argghhh! headlice! i'm just checking my hair and i think im ok but you know what this means....I'M GONNA HAVE TO TIE MY HAIR BACK!!! *faints*

 It's not the nits that worry me so much.

 pps dont worry if u cry its only natural and there is nothing to be ashamed of about it

 dont tell my mum u have nits i wont b able 2 c u 4 about a year.

 im very sorry for being such a selfless cow and i am very sorry if i have upset u ne more!! ps headlice r really not that bad!

 This is me trying my hardest not to cry.

 WOW! Instead of just a boring nit comb, you can buy this pack online that has a waterproof cape and fun stickers! :O I want it! It's on: urlLink http://www.chc.org/index.cfm

 urlLink http://web.ukonline.co.uk/ruth.livingstone/little/headlice.htm I must of done the impossible, I've caught and squashed two so far.

 Hey. I'm not very happy today. My Grandpa's been taken into hospital. He's got really high blood pressure. He's got a history of high blood pressure but this must be really serious because he went in to hospital. Eugh. My Grandma and Nanny died, so I've only got my two Grandpa's. :( My Mum's gone up to see him. Oh, another thing, I have nits. Woohooo.... can life get worse? Eugh. I have to go try to comb them out now. I'm in a really bad mood now. My Mum can't help me cause she's gone to see Grandpa and I don't want her to be here, she should be there. Eugh. I think I'm going to explode.

 what is with being so serious all of a suden, i dont get it. oh bye da way hi 2 all the peeps who read about our lives daily!

 urlLink urlLink Find out which LifeSaver you are.

 We think? I don't wanna grow up! I wanna be threeeeeeeeeee!

 urlLink urlLink Find out which LifeSaver you are. :) Ok ok! I'm going to sleep already! (Geez, any one but me would think that I was talking to myself...)

 Woohooo! Every one (I'm talking to peeps on blogger who don't know what's going on in the outside world (IZZY)) go to the saneasakitten site and see the cool thing on the left! :) It worked! Ooh I'm so proud! AHHH! I just hit a problem...if we get too many it err might kind of fill up cause it's not in a table... oh well! :) I'm just happy with what I've done so far! So now we've got... a chatterbox thing, comments and a poll, and e-mail addy's! HA! And every one thought they would get away with not telling us it was 2050! ...Yeah...I really should go to sleep!

 Eeek!

 Ok so it kind of disappared so I put it in a really random place...this should be *gulp* ...interesting...

 Heey! I just added this thing...really clumsily though so I'll have to work on it...

 Oh, about the chips... They might not of chopped down rainforests to get them, but you're still giving money to there orginisation. You're still funding their company and it'll keep going longer because of you, so in actual fact you are. WOW! Now doesn't that make you feel great?! Sorry, I'm just angry at my brother for having the tv on so I can't go to sleep. Anyway, some one has to burst Izzy's bubble otherwise every one might be happy for a change! (Shock horror, unheard of) Hasn't every one always got some thing to complain about or is it just me?

 Oh, about McDonald's... if you think about it every one does that to animals any way. The only way to ensure that they don't is by buying free range. Animals naturally suffer though, we all die. Is it cruel for us to prolong there pain? Don't predetors do that to their pray any way? When will I get more pocket money? (Oh, err, sorry that one just snuck in)

 Wow, that's admazing! Oh and I commented on your blog by the way izzy. Oh and I can confirm that out of the hits we've had today only five of them was me!

 wow we've had like 430 people visit this site since... what? november???? are we really THAT interesting? there must be a whole lotta bored people out there... hi! Oh yeah and we've thought of the coolest dot.com domain name!!!! (well actually, i thought of it *goes off on an ego trip*) but we're not telling you so you dont buy it and offer us loads of money for it! MUHAHAHA! uh... like you really care... oh well. katie! get onto buying that domain! YAY!!!!! oh and can we get an FTP thing on it? cos honestly i cant be bothered with html coz im lazy. yeah.

 Ok i'm in artistic mood! This happens about once or twice every week now, i have a big burst of creative energy and end up getting paint, chalk dust or pastel smudges everywhere. Boohoo i've run out of cartridge paper :( and now i feel like jumping up and down and putting some loud music on!! Ok this is weird... WOOOOHOOO!!!!! Tra la la do be dooo!!!!

 ok my legs totally kill cos i've been out allll day and i had to walk all the way to kim's :( aww Quasar was sooo cool! we're like - " Yeah! We're really hard, going to Quasar!" and then we get happy meals and go and watch Ice Age - Yeah we rule!!!! But i feel a bit bad that i'm losing my religion by spending money at McDonlads! (shock horror) ( urlLink www.mcspotlight.org ) but i only bought some fries and a drink so its not like they chopped down acres of rainforest to battery-farm chips! mmm.... i still have a whole loada sweets left... i'll just sit here infront of you and eat them tantalisingly slowly.....

 GOOOOOOO KATIE! Oh yeah and please don't drag me into this debate guys, i'm quite happy sitting on ythe fence and watching. hmm hmm mmmm.... Yeah i'd just like to clear up these rumours - i am NOT A POTTHEAD, i have NEVER smoked pot EVER in my life! I do NOT do hippy things like tree hugging and naturist camping in Texas ok! and you started that one katie! Thankyou, i'll be here all week!

 Ok, ok. OWCH! My fourth toe on my right foot really really hurts! (geez that's precise) And my right hand has this weird thing on it and it swelled up. :( It's my dad! He gave me bad skin! And my scalp hurts. :(((((((((((( Ok, ok, quit whining and go downstairs, I hear ya. :P

 k Katie maybe i was wrong, but fox hunting is not good. i am real bored of talking about issuses so can we discuss summit else like me getting the little miss naughty book!!!!!!!!!!!

 Ohh heeey anway I decided to come off moral rambling mode... AARGH! Where is every one on MSN? Oh does some one know where to register or have a domain for a good price?

 Oh and for the record, I don't smoke (any thing legal or illegal (I'm under 16 so it would be illegal!)), I don't drink and I don't do drugs! So if you're thinking otherwise... I just think cannabis should be legalised. I actually think that smoking should be banned instead of cannabis! What's wrong with that opinion? Ok so I'm stuck in moral rambling mode... I'll type a bit about fox hunting after this! (Oh whoopie I hear you scream in horror) Yeah, I'm mad. Must be Quasar effecting me!

 Druggies? Uhuh... You're a druggie then Lynne. You drink alcohol, which is a drug. You take paracetamol, which is a drug. Don't assume that people who take drugs are pond scum. Why shouldn't the druggies get it if it's legalised? Tobacco's leagalised, maybe the druggies shouldn't get tobacco. That's a drug. I researched it. I know what I'm doing. I think it should be legalised for every one! Peace out! For MS patients, people with cancer, people over the age of 16 who can smoke. People in our year smoke, why don't we go have a go at them? We don't because it's socially acceptable to us. So cannabis isn't? Why shouldn't it be, it actually helps you in some cases and it's just like smoking. Yeah, drinking messes up your liver but people still do it. People our age do so if you're gonna kill yourself through some drug or another why not do it through cannabis and keep the cigarette people happy. Unless you want to go smelling like smoke. What I'm saying is that cannabis isn't that bad, it's probably a tiny bit better than smoking because it has healing properties and even though it's a drug so's alcohol and that's legal so cannabis should be too. Druggies should get it. Heck, we're all druggies. We all drink at some point and some of us smoke. urlLink http://www.overgrow.com :) So legalise it already!

 no doubt you have heard of the band queen. i decided to go onto queen.com. bad idea! i got redirected to a porn site!!!! unless u want 2 b sick dont go on this site!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 I'm a Ska fangirl Yeah yeah...most of the good bands either broke up or sold out, but I still enjoy SKAnkin' up a storm. urlLink What kind of fangirl are you?

 i do think that in some cases canabis should be legalised because the scientist dudes just proved that it had healin powers and what not. allthough sayin that i dont thinkm that the drugys should be able to get it if it got legalised. i think that its a very touchey subject and the peeps that know what they are doing should deal with it!

 Read this: urlLink http://uk.news.yahoo.com/020320/80/cui8i.html so HA!

 Okkk! I'm listening to System Of A Down - Legend Of Zelda! It's got the backround music of Zelda on it! Hehe... hehe... weird! Any way I was thinking about... cannabis! (Uhuh... really... and how long have you felt this way?) And we did a load of reasearch in it and I think it should be legalised! It's got some healing properties so in some ways it's better than smoking. Any way, we have alcohol and smoking, why not cannabis? If there is a legal way to get it (not through a dealer) then it can't lead you onto harder drugs because there wouldn't be a way of getting them. See where I'm coming from? Yeah, it gives you a high but so does Alcohol and smoking! Oh and all this stuff about brain damage... Yeah well they haven't really proven it! Geez I'm going a bit mad! One bad thing is that if it's got this white mold on it then it can really harm you... but legally that wouldn't happen would it? It should be legalised for MS patients though. My mum could of gone into a test where you try it out but then you wouldn't be able to drive so she didn't do it! In Glastonbury (Hey shoot me, I know my spelling sucks) we bought some cannabis seeds and because it was the seeds and you didn't smoke it the lady said that it didn't give you that bigger high and it was more on the medical properties. Mmm...bird seeds! My mum used it because she's got Multiple Schlerosis so it helped her. Any body else got any views? Wow, this is a nice brick wall I'm talking to. Okk so I should really get some music therapy!

 :(! Thanxs Lynne! Ooh nooo! I've only got 1hr 45mins to get ready! Eek! (I have to be ready about two hours early to keep me happy) I'm waiting for my Dad to get out of the shower. Ok... so I am a little bit obsessed with having a shower! Yeah, but isn't every one? It's a bit stupid really, cause all we're really doing is washing away our natural hair oils and those oils wash the hair naturally so it's a bit stupid! If you leave your hair for long enough it washes itself! Hmm, fascinating huh? (Nope!) Yeah... Eek, Quasar! I'm afraid that I'm gonna be rubbish at it and walk into mirrors like Emma did! Hehe, I'll be the person who's nattering away to themselves. Okay big thing: don't scream. That's like waving a white flag and shouting "YOOHOOO! OVER HERE!" Got it Laura? I'll probably be really jumpy though! I am when I'm all tensed up! Hehe... then afterward we're gonna eat then go see Ice Age! Cool! It's like totally adult scary thing followed by the stupidest kiddy film that we haven't watched yet! (Not that I err...watch those types of films (*IZZY*) Hmm...I better go do stuff! Bisi!

 soooooooooo we have all gone mad!! Larua if u ever come on here; u lurve him!!!!! Kes im very scared that u put a DRESS on!! I dislike Martin, Dave, Laura, Katie, but not Izzy, she byes me things. Have a good day at Quasar 2morrow!!

 Err yeah Izzy... Hehe, we had the coolest idea for teaching kids about drugs... Stars in their eyes!!! So we'd be like "Tonight, Laura's gonna be E!" And they'd have to guess. We actually kind of went a bit stupid today! Teasing Lynne... hehe... Oh, it's boiling hot today! I had to put a dress on! My Dad got hit by a coach! He's okay but he had to phone the insurers! Scary huh? The side window thingy was smashed to bits! Oh and Nailsea's scary bike gang! I was sitting down with my rabbit and then a load of scary guys on bikes came up to the front door! (Eekie!) Yeah... I'm sooo happy and err mad! Woohooo!

 yeah so anyway, hahahaaa!! maths was funny cos me and flynnie kept cracking up an the teacher kept picking on us! but its really tight cos he keeps making jokes about emma skiving off to see her dog, but he doesnt know that it was put down last week... so i'm a bit pooed off with him. who isn't? mr.thatckray smells. Oh yeah and laura wouldnt stop laughing for like an hour after i'd shouted "father christmas!" a bit louder than i'd meant to.... easter eggs!!!! its easter soon! YAY! :D the easter bunny is coming! and don't you dare tell me he's not real!

 hey!!!! i was trying to get on here AAAAALLLLLLLLLLL last night but it kept kicking me off! its sooo annoying because netscape and microsoft have both convinced themselves that they're our default browser, and it wont let me uninstall netscape! damn!!! so i'm pretty angry at how pooey my internet is right now cos it crashes every 5mins. ok i'd better post this now before my computer decides to crash.

 Heeey! I feel pretty lousy actually! My scalp kills like mad and I feel like I'm gonna rip it out and jump on it! :) Hmm...I feel another hair wash coming on! Eugh, I always have hair washes. :( It's ok so long as the water isn't boiling hot or freezing cold which is kind of hard with our shower. Ohhh! I got locked out! My brother left me so I sat down and played with Mango then a paper boy came past so I ran inside the garage! Wow, highlife aye? I was ok though, we found coke (really scabby stuff you get at the dentist kind) and a pot of cadbury's chocolate spread so we had a few fingerfulls of that! Hehe, my mum's gonna open it up and half of it's gone! Hehehe! Ahh, I feel better now! My new shoes kill! I mean kill! They're pulling my feet inwards so I'll probably end up with totally deformed feet! Oh we're going to Scotland (madness, I know) over Easter for a week so I guess this'll be stuck with no one! "I'm all alone, there's no one here beside me!" Better not get Izzy started on that! I'm gonna go have a shower then I'll rub a tube of Anti-itchy cream into my scalp. It'll get in my hair though! Eww! Cream then wash? Hmm... wash'll wash out the cream! It's so hard! (I'll get my Mum to work it out!) Hehe! Eugh so bubi! If you're bored go to urlLink http://kchan.cardcaptorz.com/ it's got cool links on it! (Sorry, I'm link girl!) OMG MY SCALP HURTS! Yeah...better go...bubi!

 hello!!

 Oooh, this is trying to kick me off, moody huh? Guess it realises how boring I am! :( Hehe...hehe...:( Euhhh, I'm bored now, better go watch tv. Why doesn't any one else update this?!

 Err, it's http://www.clamp-net.com. Sorry about that! I just found some one like really like me across the internet! Wow! Other mad people are out there! :)

 Hey! No one told me CLAMP had a web site! Err...in japenese...http://clamp-net.com If err any one can read Japanese...

 I'm gonna go watch tv, guess I'm in a can't be bothered random things mood. Lucky no one's around me other wise I'ld probably start saying really random things! "Hobnobs!" (Doesn't that sound soooo funny?) Yeah, and that's supossed to be a biscuit maker thingy...ohh, type of biscuit. (AAAH!) Sorry, yeah, I should go.

 Heeeey! So err great I'm actually on this! (It was being annoying, like my brother :P) Heeey! My Aunty and peeps from America are coming in a bit! (I mean ageeees!) But it's when I'll be at Oakhampton... :( But they'll be here for four weeks so I'll get to see them! ...yeah... Oh if you're wondering about the insane number of links to nowhere then uhh it's because my favourites on the net is getting really big and I need room to expand so I'm using this! Hehehe! I usually go on link trails any way so it kind of helps! Oh and I found out (well remembered) that if you're on a nice layoutee site press F11 and it'll make the page fill the whole screen! Then press F11 to get out of it...I've done it before by accident and got kind of stuck! But err...you're cleverer than me...right? :(((( Every one's going on about FF10 and I don't even have a PS2! *sob sob* hmm you should see how long my amazon.co.uk wish list is! Hehehe... I probably shouldn't go into that by I love amazon! Hehe, I'm let loose with my Dad's credit card! Muhahahahaaa! (Don't you recon if we do a play of Macbeth we should turn to look at the camera and do this really deep Muhahaha! That would be really... really... funny!) Don't worry, I can picture it in my head... Oh, is that before or after we take over the world? Comments any one?

 I'm a Ska fangirl Yeah yeah...most of the good bands either broke up or sold out, but I still enjoy SKAnkin' up a storm. urlLink What kind of fangirl are you? urlLink Which action filmstar are you? How do they know?

 ok it didnt do it this time... wierd.

 ok what was THAT? i clicked on the post&publish thingy and it said "please log into your FTP server" HUH??? so i typed in my password and somehow it worked. lets try that again....

 awww it was really funny, me and pete had a really deep talk about when we went out aaaages ago! but i won't go into that!

 ok i was watching this really deep phsycology programme, about how these people changed everyone's way of thinking - it was really scary!! they thought of people as crowds, not individuals, and by doing one simple action, they changed the way everyone thought! freaky huh? In 1910 is they sent 10 women out on the streets with cigarettes campaigning for Women's liberty, and soon, all the women in America start smoking! And they changed the world from a world where people own things and keep those same things for the rest of their lives, to a world where everyone wants new things all the time. Crazy huh? if they hadn't done that then we'd all probably be living the way they lived back in the 1940s, and there would be no such thing as mass production, pollution or global warming. wieeeeeeerd!! And the guy behind it all was Sigmund Freud's nephew, (you know, the famous phsycology guy) who got his ideas from reading his uncle's book! But the scary thing is, he didn't do it to try and make the world a better place, he did it purely for money and power. He manipulated the subconcious minds of thousands of people, like in batman or something! with the evil "Ahahaha i will take over the world" kind of baddie, but it actually worked, and people have only just realised it! Ok, i'll shuttup now! that was my deep phsycological rant of the day, bye bye!

 Hmm...some one got to this through a really wierd link. Oh well. Hey did any one notice the scroll bar? :) Soo err I gotta go now, bro kicking me off. Thought for the day: There isn't one! ...? Okay, okay, goldfish never get bored. Yeay! All comments on 0!

 Life is about assumptions. We assume that we are going to be alive tomorrow, that our family and friends will be and we assume that we will eat. What happens when these assumptions disappear? What if we didn't know who would be alive or dead tommorow, is this the beginning of worrying and fear? (EH? Katie, what are you going on about?) Sorry, just testing out how deep I can go and how good my essay skills were. (*rubbish*) Yeah, I know! Just trying to make people think I guess. (People? What people?) Hmm... Ok, the other thing I was thinking about (well one out of about five thousand random thoughts inside my head) well it's that my Dad's a manager of a NHS hospital. Sure, every one's knocking down the NHS saying how rubbish it is, but in America if you don't have the cover for a operation you might not get it, you don't get the same care and people have to ask your insurers whether they can save your life or not. Hmm... This isn't like my moral mode. Well, I guess it is... I'm thinking about too much so I need to throw some stuff out to leave room for more stuff! (Eehhhhee... CRAZY) Badaboombadabing! I'm gonna go watch TV! Oh at school...hmm, nothing happened apart from this deep and meaningful play... aargh! they've achieved their goal and reached me! Noooo! They're one step closer to world domonation! (As I said, crazy, you really should of left it afer the deep and meaningful crap about assumptions) I agree.

 Wow!! Russell's been exploring my room! he's soo cute! He was having fun getting lost in my bearau (however you spell it) while i was doing my homework! He kept getting himself stuck in all the little cubby holes in my desk, it was sooo funny! Awww! I want to have loads of little hampsters and let them live in my room and go exploring! Yay! Awww but Russell is the cutest hampster in the world! He's all friendly and adventurous and cuddley! And he's totally fearless to the point where it's stupid! Only that we erm... found out that he is actually a SHE!

 WOW! All that kicking blogger actually worked! :O :O :O It actually posts the right one! ... ... Er ... of course it was all down to my admazing skill, what am I saying about kicking? Nah, sure, it was down to my admazingly clever skil... hmm, oh well, knew that it wouldn't work! Hey, I'm gonna be marked for life with that amazing-admazing thing! Oh and Mr Le Pen was saying how when the students were going on marches in the streets against him (back to the was saying) that their teachers were markist! (or whatever, the word that means when you kind of curve some one's thought and make them think that) *tootally lost!* That is totally wrong! Le Pen is a facist (whatever) racist git! And that's the best description I can give for him right now... hmm... Eek! I missed Neighbours, anyway, John's leaving Ally Mcbeal! :O :O :O Oh my god!!! He's the cool guy who every one sings to! He's the guy who starts the songs! MEANIES! *cough* Ahem... better go bubi!

 Yeay! She shut up! Maths was sooo funny! Lynne was going on about periods (just Lynne! *COUGH*) Then our maths teacher told us to be quiet, and he had gone bright red and we were all like "Umm" and then we all started laughing! Hehe, that was fun. Ok, so either my eyes are screwed or this has a really small font... eek! Then we had practise science SATs and they weren't about any thing that we had done and I had to use my brains and memory to work them out! (And relying on my brain power and memory I didn't get very far!) Oook, so Shrek tune going on in here... eek wierd song. Kind of sad but then again tacky (promise me you won't go into any sort of review business) Ok.... It's Rufus Waintright - Hallelujah. Wierd guy... listen to the lyrics, that's the bad thing about pop, the lyrics are crap and don't mean any thing. Yeah, but we all know that don't we! Some one mad this song saying "I know all the songs are crap" and I'm like wooooh! Sorry, it's that time of the year and I either go hyper or depressed! (Uhuh...) Poor blob... I feel sorry for her, if you don't know who I'm talking about and you actually care try checking the archives.

 Wahey! Well today's a bit of an arghhh cause i'm revising for science! and im going through the sats paper and i can't even answer the first question! :( Arghh! I'm having all these sudden bursts of artistic energy and i should have spent the last 2hours revising but instead i spent it slaving over a spontanious masterpiece and making a big mess with the charcoal. I think my hormones are going crazy. I just want to say... I love you guys. All of you... but I HATE YOU!!! I want to be alone... Chocolate... Oh hi everyone!! Having a nice day!? Whoopeee! Ok ok, i'll shuttup now.

 I'm getting a bit freaked out by junk mail now... I got one for 'John' saying how I'd talked to them on icq, 1. I deleted icq 2. I AM NOT CALLED JOHN! Weird huh? Yup! Then I've got a thing about books for schools and Kegelmaster 2000 The World's First And Only Dynamic Progressive Resistance Exerciser for Women! (WTF?) Geez, apart from the fact I'd never use any thing like that... and I don't live in America great! Woohoo! Yeah, then I got stuff about becoming a American nanny, hello! I'm 13 and I live in the Uk! Weird, yeah, just pisses me off a bit (well today it does) yeah. Sorry to be annoying... eat more jelly babies! Woohoo!

 Hmm... *THWACK BANG CRASH WHALLOP!* *cough* Err... just giving my blog some 'friendly' advice on how to work properly! But, hey, those sound affects rule! Everyone should say thwack more! (Even though it looks really wierd, isn't a real word and freaks people out) but hey, that's what I'm here for! :) :) :) (What's with the but hey?) Dunno... so it's th-wa-k get it? (No) :( :) :| Hmm... time for a hair dye! (Nooo... not bright purple nooooooo!) MUHAHAH! Sorry, I'm seaking help!

 Uhuh, so every one's mad! (Nice to know that you're not the only one, isn't it?) Eek! That's scary! So anyway, new word for today: foosies; means: when you get depressed about some one else and/or there problems. So wahay I'm wierd! Laura had the foosies today because some one was upset... well not really but we were being upset for her. Hmm, I think David has a thing for Lynne! Hehe! Today has been fun though yeah bit mad though! We made popcorn in tec and it was really nice! No one told me it was that easy to make! You just get a pot thingy (with a lit on) with a little bit of oil at the bottom, then you add a layer (1!) of dried corn and put the lid on over a mild heat (hey, that just sounds cool) and leave it until it stops popping and take the lid off and get hit in the eye with a piece of flying popcorn, then you get hit on the head by a giant piece of gold popcorn and some how end up in a wierd story type thing me and Sniz are writing! (Oooh, fun!) Hmm, guess it is nice knowing there are wierder people out there (if you mean you I take the as a compliment) Hey! Hmm... guess my other head is right... But seriously, we should all drink more ice! (Uhuh!)

 Sorry about my lack of blogs everyone, but I fell down a hole (you knew that was coming didnt you?) and uh.. into a crate full of um... pillows! yes! no - aromatherapy pillows! So, naturally, I fell asleep, blissfully unaware that the crate of aromatherapy pillows was to be shipped over to america and given to the astronaughts at NASA who needed special aromatherapy pillows to help them sleep while aboard their top secret mission to an un-charted planet billions of lightyears outside our solar system. Always the way isn't it? Anyway, I awoke to find myself still inside the crate of aromatherapy pillows (ylang and sandalwood incase you were wondering) but i was no longer down the hole, i was crammed into a tiny closet inside a NASA spaceshuttle, and I realised that I must ecape from this unfortunate predicament before the astronaughts started to feel sleepy and in need of a ylang and sandalwood aromatherapy pillow! So I pulled out my handy little pocket-crowbar that i keep inside my sock and forced the door open. But OH NO! (come on everyone, gasp like you mean it) aliens had taken over the space shuttle! They were purple and scary and had wooden spoons for ears! (oh no, not wooden spoons!) The crew were struggling to fend off these fowl creatures, but their superior NASA technology was no match for wooden spoons! So I called on my good old trusty friend..... Magical Mucticoloured Moose! "Help us, Moosey!" I cried, walloping one of the aliens with an aromatherapy pillow, "The evil purple wooden-spoon aliens are trying to take over our space shuttle! If we let them, they will rule the world!" (Uh, how exactly does taking over the space shuttle give the aliens global dictatorship?) Er, carrying on... "Never fear my little friend!" Said Magical Multicoloured Moose proudly, "For I have a cunning plan...." "Is it as cunning as a-" "Oh skip the routine!" Said Moosey, and pulled two multicloured space-hoppers out of his magical pink and green spotted top hat. "Quick, " he said, tossing me one and tossing his superman cape over his shoulder (superman cape???) "Throw it at the one with spoons for ears!" the fact that both aliens had spoons for ears made little difference. The space-hoppers bounced abruptly off the aliens heads, and the aliends stopped trying to disembowel this shuttle commander and turned to look, in awe at these amazing multicoloured space hoppers. And the Aliens played on the space hoppers all day long until it was time to go home for tea and me and moose and the crew all went home and we saved the world, the end.

 *kicks blogger* WHY DOESN'T (aargh!) Ooh, sorry, why doesn't this post this?! It always posts the one after this which hasn't been posted already... *KICK* Grr! Maybe cause I pissed it off that time...

 Hey, sorry but I had to delete some of the o's cause it made the page too big! :) Oh, my blogs are long cause I think of a lot to say I guess, well no that's not right, I speak my mind on blogger and you won't believe how crowded it gets in here! Hmm... maybe if I cleaned my brain out I could swap it for a newer modle... uhoh slightly interesting thought, if you swapped brains with some one would you be the person in the other person's body or would you be the person in your body? ...Well I did say slightly interesting... Yeah, I am mad. Ooh, Have I Got News For You was sooo funny! Charlotte Church was good. She said to George W Bush that she came from Wales and he asked what state it was in! (Eek!) I think he needs to get out more...

 Kes why on earth do your blogs have to be soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo long? I was just wondering because mine are the total oposit to me; Short and sweet!!! i think that im just going to talk poo now, right here goes...Can you remember on friday when we were telling Lucy she smells, well my mum found out and i had to send her an appologetic email saying how i diddn't mean it, and that i was being influenced by the people that i had round at that time. Why is my life so unfair. I think its true what they say *LIFES A B***H AND THEN YOU DIE!* Did you all see have I got news for you on friday it was not that brilliant, and what was Charlotte Church wearing?

 So...hey! It's the national club of the bored people at home here! Woohoo! Hmm... what site to find, yes, I figured out where to use the word site! (Wow!) Must be like a miracle or some thing (please don't tell me what I spell wrong) Eek, SATs in less than a wekk. *groan* definatly a bad thing, all that pressure and testing all for the school that is super duper stupid! Oh, gross uninteresting fact, did you know that your hair is actually dead? Gross huh, so next time you give your hair the full works think about it, it freaked me out for a bit. Be cool if it was alive though! Like that lady on Mortal Kombat (the game on the sega (about 300 years old)) with the cool hair where she flips people with it and knocks them out! Ooh, that lady was cool, eugh I can't believe it, I've watched the movie, seen the cartoons and played the game. The game was actually a 18 cause of tiny splats of blood here and there... *cough* I think that Amelie could of been a 15 if they cut out 'those bits' cause they had nothing to do with the story and were randomly thrown in! Aww, Cleo's helping me... well she's kind of trying to rub the desk with her chin. My cats can get annoying though, they always want hugs and you can't do your homework around them cause they sit on your hand. Uhuh, I'm ramboling here (eek shoot me for spelling) I better go, if I actually think of some thing interesting for a change then you'll be the first to know!

 (Site there? Sit, sorry must of been my other head being crazy as usual) Don't ask and don't wonder (I'm just posting this to see if it's just blogger being pooey to me and not posting my blogs or if it's some thing blogger's got against me) Don't ask about that either.

 Hey guys, sorry I'm havin a really need to express imaginative ideas time, hmm, guess all that supression in art classes at school didn't do the trick. (Hmm...) We just watched Amelie, (or however you spell it) it's really good! Hehe, it's funny, but Laura had to fast forward through a bit of it. I realised some thing, people day dream wildly like me too. I mean, I seriously day dream, when i site there not saying any thing and kind of staring, I'm day dreaming, either that or I'm doing some serious thinking (probably about what to drink when I get home from school). Okay, so my life's boring, but it's fun to think "Wow I'm going to (fill in the gap)" today, it makes life a bit more livable and also it makes the day go faster :) But when have you done that thing that you've wanted to do, when does the point in your life come when you have nothing to look at and think "Wow, I'm going to do that" sorry, no clever answers today, because I haven't got any. Guess I'll just have to find out myself. Hmm, maybe it's called a mid-life crisis, personally I think it should be called a demi-semi-life crisis because it's sounds so much cooler and less like you're going round the bend. (Actually it sounds more, but I'm happy knowing that I'm right). Aren't we all? Huh, that didn't make sense at all! Oh well, guess that's what thinking to yourself is all about. Some one said that you know when you're mad when you start talking to yourself, so that means I'm about a mile past mad, but what happens when you start listening to other people talking to themselves? That's gotta deserve psychiatric treatment, but I guess that's what you're doing now, after all this is me, talking to myself, or it could be me talking to a white box. Yeah, I do think to much... guess I'm trying to jump start your moral and confusing thought drive, though I think it was probably jump started when you clicked on the link to get here. Welcome to my pink heaven. Where no one needs to know how to spell, and evey one day dreams themself to sleep. :) Wow, I actually managed to scare myself, guess I'm going a little bit too wierd, have fun every one and don't forget to shine!

 Hello just incase you diddnt know who i am its flin i thought i would change my name cos i woz bored with my old one. anyway.....it think that i should count how many times i say anyway in a blog, at the moment im on 2. Anyway (poo thats 3) i feel ill and a horse has stood on my foot so it hurts. i think that it must have got spooked or something. Anyway (bloomin heck thats 4) got go

 Hey guys! Or peeps... or things... or blobs from the planet Miscallaneous... who can't spell (my home planet incase you were wondering!) So every thing looks brighter now and hopefully people are happier! Ow, clicked my back, seem to do that a lot but I click my hips a lot more... wow full of useless information! Every one the best song is Private Eye by Alkaline Trio! It's so cool, oh and if you listen to the lyrics it's funny! Well, I find it funny, but I do have a scary mind. If people knew what I was thinking I think I might have a two mile radious! (Oooh, fancy!) Hehe, but yeah I think about how if the world flooded and all the houses had these cute flotation devices, then ours broke... uhuh, see my radious is getting bigger already! Oh, the radious thing, it's just that people site miles away from us in school so I always say that I have a one mile radious and every one stares at me and backs up a bit more! Fun! :) :) :)! Eek, my computer went a bit wierd, I think I'm typing too quickly so it freaked out! (Yeay, just the hoover left now!) Uhuh... Ok so hyper happy! Woohoo! Sorry, listening to ska! Who needs drugs when you've got ska! Ok, so that may sound like a drug but it's music! ...Anyway... oooh, um I found a cool spanish web site, ok so me and izzy found it! So you can look at it here urlLink http://www.clubplaneta.com/cocina/huevos/receta15.htm Then go here urlLink http://babelfish.altavista.com/ to translate it, it's sooo funny! Or maybe it's just cause we were hyper at the time but oh well! :) Oh and I do put links up, those web pages are links but they aren't under lined! (Did any one know that any way?) Bubi!

 Hello me here with Liz, say hello Liz; hello Would you like to say anything else; kjuhtsiutdgc hjvdgdbslhf vscx Well thanx for that now you can say bubi; bye -bye

 Arghhh, my jab - Imagine everything that could possibly go wrong!!!

 Hmm, this is totally mucked up! Instead of posting this post, it's posting the last post! Queer!

 Yeah people can be smelly. Its annoying how there always seems to be someone who a group of people decide to single out, and that person never seems to deserve it. Like with Emma.D - CERTAIN PEOPLE who will remain un-named are being tight to her for no reason, just becase she's kinda shy and can't stick up for herself too well. Aww well. Poor Flynnie, we're all your friends!! Lynne is cool. :D

 (She's not?) No one told me! Who's Stu? And what type of stew is he cause I only like chicken stew really? And what is the point to all these questions? Stay tuned for more beyond the grave nonsense! (uhuh... *everyone leaves*) Hey! That didn't happen! ...Did it? ...Anybody... Uhuh! So hey! My brothers going a bit loony cause he's gonna do a drama exam in a bit! (Eek!) And that involves dressing up in a top hat, a trench coat, and some other wierd clothes to look like a dad, but hey, my brother's mad! Yeah, every one is really but some people are better at hiding it! Heeey serious fast typing, uhuh. (You've had this up for half an hour and this is the crap you drop on the page?) Yeah, sorry about that!

 Thank you for your support everybody. Its very much appreciated. I think that people like them should be taught how it feels like to have someone do thet to them. they wouldn't be laughing so much then! Mwah ha ha ha!! Anyway..... i would like to make an annoncement. *shouts very loudly* I AM NOT PREGNANT!!! Stu in my class seems to think i am, so Stu if ur reading this im not. :)

 Heeeey! So every one's being a bit of poo at school. :( Well, every one in Lynne's class are that is, why does every one have to be so mean to the person sitting in the corner? I think it's really mean, I always go and talk to people who are alone, why can't more people be like me? (AARGH!) Hey! I'm nice... some times... *evil grin* Hmm, but seriously, how can you all gang up on some one I would feel really bad if I did that. So pants to the people who are being mean to Lynne! Yeay! Hmm, but seriously (seriously? you???) Yeah, ignore the spelling, but any way... seriously we're here for you Lynne! (Technically I'm half here because some times my brain goes for walkies) Hmm, life is confusing isn't it? If it wasn't so confusing it wouldn't be fun! Just think about it... Maybe it's true! Well yeah... hmm now I'm thinking about it! (fell into your own trap) trap?!

 ok bye bye!

 I know how Flick leaves. She ends up with no friends so she leaves. :( Did anyone see Emmerdale. Katie and Andys dads are being really mean, they wont let them stay together, when they love each other. Its soooo sad. The really bad thing is though, that Katie might be pregnant with Andys baby!! Oh dear, me and my soaps.

 wow i have sooooo much news 'bout soaps on da tv!! Ill tell u more later

 HELOOO! I'm actually on! My brother's been doing 'history GCSE corse work' so he's been on for a few days. :P So any way, hmm what happened, apart from me being a bit mad and exstatically happy! Oh, well guess I always am! Teee hoo haa haa! Sorry, just pure wow-i'm-on-blogger-ness! Uhuh... so any way, oh yeah Izzy's obsessed with Pete... ok so it might not be the whole truth but we like to bug her about it! (Sorry Izzy fans!) I had a funny day today, you know one where it dips and you feel sad then you go a bit mad. Oh, does any one else love that song that goes "I was walking along singing this song singing do wa didi didi dum didi dee!" Guess not... the singing lobster sings it! Ok, so now I sound wierder than normal! Eek getting thrown off, guess I'll write an interesting blog later!

 Ok, I should be scared about tonight, but I guess I'm not cause I've done sooooo many concerts, it must be more than 20 now!! Yeah I should take up the triange or something.

 Eeeeeeekk!! We have the concert tonight!!! And the pieces sound.. erm... so good.... But hey! We get to muck around backstage for hours and eat food! Playhouse concerts with North Somerset are sooooo much more fun, cause the playhouse is HUUUUUUGE and it has loads of stairs!!! Wow. Fun. Actually everything about North Somerset Orchestra is better than School Orchestra. Its more fun, the pieces are easier, sound better, the conducters are actually better than Mr.K, you get a break when you can buy food and sweeties etc!!! And you get to meet loads of people! Its just down right cool! ("down right" where did that come from?) And Mr.K insists that school is better! Pah! (Dont tell him about this; the very mention of North Somerset Orchestra was enough to get him shouting at me!)

 Wow! I'm back! Geez yeah, my brother's been on all day! Grr... Thanks to the girl with no name... yeaaaah! I've gone all creative! ..Wow... my parents are going out, hmm what to do? (*evil laugh*) Ahaaah! Be afraid, I'm having a mad creative moment but erm sadly I used it all up on my essay. :( Sad huh, yeah! Oh, and the bird died, and Mango got another one today plus another shrew thing! He's a murderer! It is pretty awful but then again it is natural (yep still creative and motionlessly droning) wow, is that a real word? Isn't it droaning? Hmm, I dunno. (Grrr) Ooook, so I'm really scared cause I'm listening to a really really scary song... eeek! Sorry, I have this up for about half an hour before I actually post it! Ahh... I pressed stop, so much better! How cool, I'm reading a story and it has 1. Defult Chapter 2. Chapter 2 3. The chapter after chapter 2. I mean, wow, I am going a bit wierd aren't I? Ohhh, we had this cool idea for a after SATs party (shoot us we're bored) and we could do a pinyatata! (pinyata shoot me too I can't spell it!) Can any one? Any way, we were gonna make one of those big things that you hit, uhuh, (?) and we were gonna make it look like a teacher so we could whack it! (Hmm I could see myself getting a little bit too excited) and we could either put cool stuff in it (FOOD!) or fill it with water ballons because... I care about this world (really moving music) sorry I'm stuck in the movies. I always say that, wouldn't that be perfect in a movie. Yup, wierd as hell. I better go record Star Trek for my mum otherwise I won't be here tomorrow! Bubi!

 Hey. I'm depressed now, yeah I am listening to depressing music but it's not that. My cats got a bird, it's not dead, it's in our garage but we phoned the RSPCA and they said they didn't have enough room and they think we should take it to our vet for the 'kindest option' (to be put down) my dad's getting really protective though and he was saying that we could look after it, but the RSPCA don't suggest that because then it becomes tame and also it needs to be fed every two hours. Herum. How small our problems are compared to that of the world. Sorry, I just got thinking. Some times we make problems out of nothing, just for the fuss. I guess I realise that and try not to do it. (*yawn*) Hey! This isn't boring this is deep man! (sorry... *smaller yawn*) Yeay, well some one got on this from mine and Izzy's profiles! (Two people did) which is really really scary! Oh, and sorry but I can't be bothered to go on a editing spree who ever you are! (for no reason at all... nope...) Ok, so every one here is depressed I better go! Bubi!

 Do you really need to be drunk to have fun? Can't you just be happy with yourself? If you're happy already then why do you need drink to be happier? If you're fun then why use drugs? Insecurity I guess. Must be some thing to do with how you don't think other people think you are nice and you need to get smashed to know that. (shut up!) Sorry moral ramblings day! Les personnes intelligentes n'ont pas besoin de dire d'autres qu'elles sont intelligentes. (uhuh!) Hey what can I say I'm going hyper talking to Izzy and I'm bored! Ooh, I went to Ikea and now I love that store! My rooms going bright pink and I got these pink pillow cover things... yeay! My last covers I've had for about ten years! We got a load of groovy stuff too! Yeay! Oh and we did know about the big vegetable cause we told you, it's a french phrase like our big cheese thingy. I love Ikea! Sorry, did I forget to say that? :P I'm gonna go, bro's doing drama (GCSE stuff) plus I've got a few jobs and we're gonna make orange ice-lollys! YEAY! Sorry I'm really excited! Woohoo! Bubi!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 hahahaaa! Have I Got News For You was sooooooo funneeeeee!! Ha! Bet Laura watched Father Ted instead! I'm getting a new hotmail adress wether you like it or not! So there! (wow)

 we did know that actually lynne!

 le grand legume is a big vegetable so ha diddly ha to u! and pample mouse is grapefruit bet u diddnt know that!!

 Dpchez-vous sinon je vous vire. That means hurry up or I'll fire you. I just thought it was cool, I'm in a funny laughing mode... and for some reason that's funny! (Wierdo)

 I wathched have i got news 4 u!! It woz soooooo gd! my mum and i were in hysterics! :) Did any of u see Alistar Magowans big impressions they were da best he has ever done, he now does Ross off Friends its just 2 gd!!! and next wkend Auf Wiedersen pet is back on!! ooo i really must calm down. Eastenders woz well funny aswell. oooo i really must stop watchin so much tv, ahh well heck!!

 urlLink Heloooooooo! I'm a bit confused now, doesn't take a lot! I went on a watching tv thing today, I watched Yu-Gi-Oh and it was all speechy and we're all friends and I'm even more confused, like in Saved by the Bell where they all get together at the end and admit how they were all selfish and stuff and it's like forget that! burn the school! Uhuh... Yeah, tiredness? no, wierdness? definatly. I've been doing reading too at urlLink http://www.fanfiction.net cause I'm really bored and I need some thing to do! Oh, we're gonna go get Amelie (shoot me for trying to spell it) yeay! (I need to watch a film!) Plus popcorn, which Izzy is a bit obsessed with. Oh! Big news! They aren't gonna do any new Ally Mcbeal's cause the ratings are dropping in america! :( :( :( They dropped Due South cause of that too! Grr... *mumbles* but, Calista (shoot me twise why don't you) Flockheart (Ally (oh, just shoot!)) Is a bit thin, ok so she's like a stick! They were saying in the paper that they all have eating problems or some thing... In my opinion they should drop Friends and keep Ally! (Yeay!) But... they're still showing Eastenders so maybe I'm losing on the tv thing. Yeah, yesterdays was overdramaticly funny! The actors are sooo rubbish! (The jury were!) They found her guilty! :O Have I got News for You was reallly good! I laugh out loud at that programme, which is kind of rare. Do you say lol and lol? I don't! See, wierdness. I'm gonna go mope cause no one else is blogging! Bubi!

 YARRRGH! Nothing to report, apart from my last two blogs that I exited instead of posting! (doh!) God, that's annoying... must... post... So any hoo in my last non-existant post I was talking about how scary Neighbours is, what's with the credits? It's really freaky! And what's Rosie doing in the credits? She's been in it like three times! Laura said she might have a fling with Lou! Geez that would be scary! Is it Geez or Geeze? Hmm... Neighbours is light compared to Eastenders, in Neighbours some one gets hit by a car and gets mild concusion but in Eastenders if some one gets hit by a car, even the slightest bumb they drop down dead. Aparantly no one in Australia likes it... Ooh, and Flick's gonna leave I think! But Marc isn't in the credits so will he mary Steph? I could talk about Neighbours all day... oook... I'll leave! :( :( :( Oh, and Thank Bob it's Friday! Oh, Have I got News for You is on tonight at 9pm, so is Father Ted, but Have I got News for You is soooo much better than Father Ted plus it's new! *tapes Lynne and Laura up with tape and throws them in a swimming pool so they can't say any thing!* Hehe... still wierd and kicking! Woohooo!

 Hey! Sorry, I went a bit, I was thinking about how to be a good evil villan (if you get what I mean) hmm, here's some general rules: 1. Never ever tell your enemy just before your about to kill them what you plan to do next. 2. Get evil laugh sorted out, and hire a guy to follow you around with a black screen just incase he needs to put it behind you for evilness. 3. Get a cool evil base sorted out, but not some where odvious that has a big illuminous sign saying "evil person here" cause I've got that already. 4. Always have a good evil plan, and uh why am I doing this again? Guess I've been playing on Monkey Island too much! And hey, do you have to pay for kazaa? cause we aren't (hmm bro must of got a hack!) Hehe, well today was pretty mad, well ok, very mad! I think our 1 mile radious might of extended to 2 by now! I'm gonna go play on Monkey Island bubi! Download it off KaZaA! ( urlLink http://www.kazaa.com )

 OhhAAAHHHH! Hmm, just felt like doing that! :) :) :) HEHE! Hey, I'm gonna go watch friends, if you're not then why not! Ok, so it is pretty *very* rubbish but... but... (Izzy help me out here!) I've been on a Monkey Island 2 playing spree! Hehe, I found a walk through, ok, ok, so I'm cheating but what can I say? I'm rubbish at it! urlLink http://members.aol.com/gametown/monkey.html Heehee! Oh, if you didn't know, you can download it of KaZaA hey, you'll probably end up nicking it from us! That's if my bro's in a good mood!

 ok kes is going a bit weird, whats new? Yeah, I'll put the list on here when i've got more time cause im only on for a bit tonight and the list is so long that i think its gonna take me at least three blogs! ok... im looking through it and i dont remember were half of these things came from or what they're supposed to mean....

 What the? I think my hotmail's gone a bit funny, it says I'm almost out of extra storage space so I went on a deleting spree and it hasn't changed! Err, any one wanna buy me some extra storage space? :| Wow, kind of duck like. Aww, poor Emma really hurt her arm and leg and every one got back from Spain! (yeay!) Herum. I think the red storage bar just went up!? Queer! Oh and say herum, it's not a actual word. Oh, and Izzy found a wierd and wonderful list of our words that we've made up! (cool!) Izzy, you have to put them on this! Hmm, is Becki coming on? She hasn't so far and I need more blogging people! Hmm... wierd, I just got a e-mail about submitting this to a load of sites for money? Do we want people to purposely come on this? No, I'ld rather they'ld trip over this! (What's with the 'ld) And as many times as people would search for saneasakitten, I think I'm alright! ;) Hmm... maybe that's what was taking up all the space! (hope so otherwise you're doomed!) Mmm... I feel a sudden Monkey Island urge, even though I'm stuck! I can't find the fort on Monkey Island! Can some one help me out, yeah I'm a bit fo a dingbat I know! (wow, dingbats are cool!) Hmm... we should all sing more! (You're just plain mad) Is there a plain mad, and how come if I'm a three headed monkey I only have two heads... (the other one's asleep look to you're left) AAARGH! (Don't ask!)

 :O! It's a mail kes box! (I've gone through this before, haven't I?) Hmm, why does every one still believe in perfection, nothing is perfect and if it claims to be perfect then it's telling a lie therefore it isn't perfect. WAKE UP! Sorry, got that off my brothers media project which is really funny! :) :) :) You should watch it some time! (uhh.... yeah...) I'm off to play Monkey Island! Oh, if you want me to blog more, just send hate mail to my brother! :) On second thoughts maybe not!

 Izzzy, my last blog was refering to the blog before it so :P So heey! I haven't been on at all cause my brother's been doing course work! Aargh! So he hasn't lemme have a go for agggges! Oh, yeah, this did used to be blue! (Has any one got the blue template that looks strangely like this, well this is the pink one that I modified!) Geez, it's fancy word girl! I'd love to hang around by Monkey Island's calling me! :) Bubi!

 look who it is!! Sorry to disapoint you but its only me!! I have been getting up to all my usual stuff, apart from sitting in cow pats in the middle of some strange fields. Anyway... Did any of you see Martins scars today they were absoultly disguisting!! If he tries showing them to you run away very quickly. Do you know what Daves problem was today? At one point i was really parped off with them both. Wow I think that this is the longest blog that I have ever written, and I'm touch typing - wow!!! So I have not got anymore news really apart from I would like to say ta muchly to Snizzy for forgetting to apologise for me. :(

 naturally :D

 Whole Brain Dominant leaning to the right You like flexible structure. You use your deep insight and logic to solve problems. You enjoy experiencing many new things. You have at least one area of expertice that allows you to demonstrate your creativity. test yourself at urlLink geekykid.net

 can anyone make sense of kes's last blog?

 So hey! And I don't know, checked with the evil clown in the corner? So heeey I'm really tired and it's only the first day back! Hehe, yeah, I do want to go on Monkey Island right now. Geez, it's so hot that... I'm wearing a dress! :O Yeah, but no one's gonna see me and I'm warm now! ...hee hee! (This person on Monkey Island 4 has some thing about going hee hee at the end of every sentance!) Now who does that remind you of? (Laura!) Grr... I guess it is good to be back at school, but it's bad cause we gotta do French and Maths again. :( I better go win monkey island! (Yeah right, you forgot how to do every thing, remember?) Uhh.... (Yes, you do!) Leave me alone! *stomps off* (Ooooh, get her!) Ahem... just a bit mad aye? ;) If life wasn't confusing it wouldn't be so fun! Hey, isn't that true or is it just me?

 okay so whos been sending me emails? from humor.com?

 ooooooooooookkkkkkkk! are we doing something tomorrow!? Cause we have the day off! YEAY! And i don't wanna spend the whole day going - "Oh my god we have school tomorrow!"

 ok, kes you better go on a big editing spree, cause i've decided *takes important breath* that on... tuesday (!) i am going to put the adress as my screen name! MUHAHAHAAA! Any objections? Anyone? No? good good. We can all change our names! Yes!!

 yeah we knew you were mad already kes! sorry i havent been blogging, but theres been cool films on the last 2 nights, and they take priority - sorry! Oh and lynnie - thankyoooooo!!!! i asked lynne to bring me back an pain au chocolat from La France, and she bought back a huge box of 15!!! and a pack of 8 Wha Wou! s! they are sooo yummy! and i er... ate them alll... bleugh.

 Nooooo! Now that's a scary thought... maybe I outta go on a editting spree. Ahh, but then again, maybe not! Oh, wow, two days and two blogs! That's rubbish! Sorry, but :P! Oh and we do have a inservice day on monday! Woooohooo! Owchie, my toe hurts, I lobbed a bit of flesh off the top of it when I tripped up. :( Oh, and I'm back! Hehe, sorry I've gone a bit mad, well you would if you had sat in a car for six hours with this thing going tap tap tap constantly! :( Euugh, I'm sooo tired! So my mum's car might sound like a time bomb bit it isn't! or at least I don't think it is...! Oooh, my grandpa's ok now! (yeay!) he just has to take loooads of tablets. I'm so full, we went to a carvery and I ate too much. Yeay, my brother downloaded *COUGH* all the monkey islands! Woohooo! If you don't mind me, I'm gonna go play! Oh, sorry about the uninteresting short sentances but I really wanna go play on Monkey Island! you're lucky I even typed this (lucky?!) heeeey! I'm gonna go now... :( (spoil sport :P) (Don't mind me, apparantly I've got too heads!) see told you I was mad!

 seriously thinking about putting the web adress as my screen-name on msn... LET THEM KNOW! LET THEM ALL KNOW! MUHAHAHAHA!!! (ahem)

 do we have an inservice day on monday??? (please god)

 ok! 3.5 down, 1.5 to go!!!! nearly done the essays yesssssss! WOOHOO! BRISTOL HERE WE COME! I've been kinda depressed today so i'm looking forward to actually going out, having fun and spending money!! Ahhhh retail therapy.....

 Err, that's great I guess! Hmm, I really need to go and kill things on my playstation... then maybe I'll get started on that essay :P or maybe not! :) Best idea I've had all day!

 i was gonna blog but i gotta go bye bye!

 Heey I added a thing, another blog to see if it's worked sorrrry! Oh, and I did have a whole pizza again today if you were wondering! ( :O )

 I just finished doing a Macbeth essay, only two to go! :( And I'm going away saturday to sunday! What will I do? Yaargh! Eww, I just ate a whole load of marshmellows. :( I feel sick, you can always have too many marshmellows!

 Ok...so the templates gone for a walk, maybe if I kick it, it'll help *whack* hmm...

 Ooh, well Izzy I'm going to see my Grandpa on Sat-Sun (left alone with this lot again for two days, I feel sorry for you ;) ) cause he went to hospital and all so I'm not doing any thing then, today is another essay day and Monday is a "Oh my god we're going back to school tomorrow" day! Eek, get to see every one again. Is that a good thing?

 Eugh, don't you think that Ariel Sharon is such a fucking bastard? I do! He's really twisted and he shouldn't be killing all those Palistinians (sorry don't know how to spell it) some one needs to kick him hard in the ass other wise his ego might expand so much that it'll smuther the world. Sorry, I'm deep today. I just hate how people are dieing and I can't do any thing to help, I hate it how Ariel Sharon doesn't even want to stop killing them. I don't understand it, and I don't think I want to! Ok, I'm going to sleep now, bubiiiiii!

 urlLink http://pro.blogger.com/ Hmm, worth a ponder.

 Ehe... one of those days aye *nods* (Izzy's mad too). Heeey! My Dad might be getting a different job! (Well the same but in a different place) In Clevedon instead of Weston that is if it all works out. Weaston? Nah, that's just mad! Guess why? For the money of course! (Why else! ;) ) Maybe I'll get a PS2 then! (gee always thinking of yourslef) Yeah, but some one's got to! (lol crazy) Was it me or did it say "old gits" on Neighbours. :O :O :O That's the closest they've ever got to being a PG on that show! Hehe, it's true! Ooh, he'll still be working in the NHS though (my family's very pro-NHS) my two aunties, my grandpa, my two cousins my mum and dad either worked or used to work in the NHS! (Geez that's one mad family. Now we know why you want to be a psychiatrist) Why? To blend in or to treat them all? :) I'm hyper happy! Oh cause I have nits my mum's disinfected my comb! Sligggghtly over the top! So if I smell of it (disinfectant) you'll know why! Ooh I'm gonna go watch Ted & Alice, why aren't you! Oh Laura I'll phone you back after it (cause I know you'll be watching friends) so don't go to bed! YEAY! It's a mail kes box! (Look at the bottom of the page) Bet no one noticed that was there! (What the bottom of the page or the box) Grrr!

 yeah, about doing somethign... uh.... im free! anytime, i think :D

 ok i had another crazy burst of creative energy cos my mum gave me a load of he old art stuff and we'd just been to an art gallery so i was fully inspired! then i forgot it all when i got home. oh well. Actually, i spent more time this evening scrubbing charcoal fingerprints off everything i'd touched that actually doing stuff :( my borthers being a pain. playing draughts and you HAVE to let him win!! if you take one of his pieces he throws a strop! Ooooh! one of these days!

 I am Mr Do . I am sedentary by nature, enjoying passive entertainment, eating when the mood takes me, and playing with my food. I try to avoid conflict, but when I'm angered, I can be a devil - if you force me to fight, I will crush you. With apples. What Video Game Character Are You?

 Hey *pokes some one* can any one get Becki on this? *pokes harder* wow I found my roast chicken flavour foot! So there's where it was. Just ignore me! I'm going a bit crazy! Any one wanna do some thing tomorrow? Like.... (ideas?) sorry I'm fresh out. (See madness I tell you, madness!) :P

 Hi. I'm really full, today I ate a whole freschetta (whatever) pizza, and I ate a whole one yesterday too. Don't call me a pig! I wanna call myself a pig first. :P

 Do you think the kids realise they're being stalked by some guy dressed up as Jesus? See the last blog if you are really confused.

 urlLink http://www.catholicshopper.com/products/inspirational_sport_statues.html Now that it madness.

 Hi! I'm happy now! Eugh, I had to chase Mango around the garden bare foot! Owch, that really hurt! He caught a shrew! I think he ate it, I dunno, I came inside and when I went back out it wasn't there *shivers*. Eew, that's gross. Stupid Mango! He caught it just when I was putting out the cat food. I don't think I'll ever understand that cat!

 Whoops! Maybe I did *cough* errr the archives disappeared and is it me or is this a really long web page?

 Yeaaah! It worked so if you just err totter (chilly word) down to the bottom of the page and use the pink thing I'll be very happy! Pleeease! :) Ooh, sorry that I didn't overly muck it up, tomorrow maybe but I've had enough of mucking it up a little bit for today! ;)

 Need the high to keep trying to fix this! Oh, the high is this really loud music, it makes me go hypeeeeeeeeeer! Unless it's sad then I get really depressed. :P Lucky it's happy! Should be fixed! Geeez, err 7th time lucky right?

 Heeeey! I have the heavy rock on cause I'm totally mucking up the layout, so if it's every where press refresh in about five minutes and it'll probably be even more mucked up! Colourful!

 Ok, so totally mucked up the layout! *Eeeeeek!* Should be fixed now...

 urlLink http://astro-pop.net/hannah/ Thanks to that site for the mail me box. (I've mentioned it before, haven't I?) Yeah, think so!

 Oh .com's are more expensive and I want a .nu!

 They're English? Uhh... most of them are that we know. Why? Maybe it's got some thing to do with being in England? Sorry, I'm in a bad mood. Some one typed some thing about giving out chocolate bunnies and i said wow dark or white chocolate and some one called me wierd. I do mind I guess cause they don't know me and they sounded like they were saying it meanly. It is really mean to judge some one before you know them or any thing about them, and it just makes me really angry when people do. Hmm, is it me or is there no such thing as perfect health? I'm always ill! I mean like uhh kind of ow my leg then ow my ear type thingy. Yeah, I need to talk to some one! I'm getting too angry! That's why the quiet one's are evil, they never share there feelings and some times they don't know how to (might sound wierd but some people do find it hard!) so they blow. Yeah, I'll run back to my hole now.

 WOW!!! The Cheapskates! A cool ska band katie! they have a song called "All our songs sound the same" and "You still owe me 12 pence" ! they are funnyyyyy! and THEY'RE ENGLISH!

 what to do when izzy wont talk to you??? i was soooo talking! actually that would be pretty cool. getting an .nu ? why? .com!!

 uh oh, dont tell lynne that katie! yeah, they don't seem to erm, do very much! but they're very cute and cuddley!

 Hmmm... whattodowhenizzywonttalktoyou.nu? Hehe, I'm gonna go eat tea! (Good luck with listening to izzy's blogs by the way ;) )

 Uhuh... what do you think about me buying a .nu? I better go have dinner in a bit...

 urlLink wow! i've found Joobee.net!!! but its all in Korean text!

 Hey well it didn't work so :P eww, I hate guinea pigs they're so boring.

 eeek, im covered in guinea pig hairs!

 GRRR! I'm having a bad day, I think this has got some thing against me! Try 5!

 oh my god, how many blogs have you done in the last 2 days? Awww lynnes guinea pigs are sooooo cute!!! I'm getting kinda attatched to them, i was sitting on the grass with Ying and having a good old chat with her, and I'm sure she was listening to me! She does what Russell does and sits there looking at me strangely and twitching her nose! Awww!!! But it was scary cos the neighbour's cat was trying toget into their run!!! and they were skeaking and they were really scared! AWWW!!! But I came to the rescue and the cat ran away. Ha! I had erm, lots of fun cleaning them out this morning, you would not believe how many poos they do!

 Ok... so I couldn't fin the tag so I put a new one in! Owch, this might hurt.

 Hey, well I like to change this web site a lot, it might not be a domain but hey it's pretty cool for some one's who really crap at HTML! I just added a thing, when if you click it should burst stars *gulp* that's why I'm posting, so it'll work! Sorry about the boring post, I'll be more interesting later!

 Hmm, found a nice site urlLink http://astro-pop.net/hannah/ but if you go to the main bit urlLink http://astro-pop.net/ then you see this thing, the person's not coming on the internet any more, some thing about losing her life...? I guess you do in a way, but you also gain a lot, you may stay inside for a bit but you meet new friends on the net and probably have a lot more than you would if you walked out on to the street and said "Hey! Be my friend!" That actually works on the net, and on the net no one (some sickos do) cares about what you look like and how rich you are. Comments any one?

 Whole Brain Dominant leaning to the left You enjoy structure and work best when you can devote your attention to one task at a time. You also work well with abstract ideas and can visualize theoretical situations. test yourself at urlLink geekykid.net

 urlLink http://www.mms.com/ wow! pick the new M&M colour! PINK! Yeaaaay!

 urlLink

 I am a Thrust-ship . I am small and tricky - where you think I am, I probably am not. I can work very fast, but I tend to go about things in a round about way, which often leaves me effectively standing still. I hate rocks. Bloody rocks. What Video Game Character Are You?

 Wow! We have like, ummm alot of people now! (lets try and keep thi tpsret though, from people that we don't want to see it.)

 Sorry.. No more HTML then O.o You go to FFOnline?? Wow! XD You registered? I'm banned! =D XD http://forums.ffonline.com. my profile is kida fux0red though, XD Nh, Jane Austin is kinda cool, a little boring nut pretty interesting at times, like LOTR ^^; What a strange day ^^ didn't go to school, just watched Roland Garros for lke a CENTURY, LOL! Oh eya Kes, u blocked me or sumin, u ant been on MSN : ( Whats Izzy's, emmas, beki, lauas, lynnes msn's??? Pls, thx What you guys been doing lately then?

 :O Emma...? Wow! You got it to work?! Yeay! Woohoo! So every one, now we have Emma too! Sheesh, influx of new people! But hey, Emma's cool! So every one say "Hey Emma" too!

 is anyone on

 hi i did it

 hello everyone

 Ok Valvados, I added a link to your webbie but I really gotta go! Eyes on tennis? Eyes? Well ok, so I have six but shouldn't it be eye on tennis? (No, that's just weird) Ooook.. I'll be running now bubi!

 So any way, at school Flynne said that Blob said some thing about this person being mean to her in this lesson, but apparantly she wasn't even in this lesson! (Geez, scratchy details aye?!) Mmm... but why would any one do that? Maybe she's jelous and she wants to get back at her or some thing cause she's out friend... (????) Don't worry, it makes sense in my head! (Every thing makes sense in your head!) Hehe, oh and on the Sims we got all the people we didn't like and put them in the Sims! Katie Vile turned into a zombie and got set on fire... happy memories... Hehe, sorry but it's fun to kill people on the Sims! Hey Vinnie, this is like an advertising page now! ...but a damn coool one! I'm gonna go watch have I got news for you! Every one go run free like nature intended us to. (RUN!)

 Ooh my mum has that song (secret smile) and she lives off it, it's cool. Wow I am listening to the fraggle rock theme tune. Tee hee, it goes "Sprocket old boy, what are you barking at, what do you see?" Don't you remember that?! OK so I guess you don't. But yeay! Twas cool.

 Hey Izzy you're on this too? Scared why? Hey you get on Mr Fopple right now!!!

 HEEEY! Sorry, just had every one over. Oh, and every one do a "Hi Vinnie" Yeah, and Vinnie, er I mean Valvados? (Geez, sinister evil name! I gotta get myself one of those!) :) :) :) Any way, Valvados please can you close your HTML tags and also can you not use any thing fancy cause it doesn't work! Thanks! Aww, Mango wants to say hey! Ok so he's leaving! Every one's out apart from me... scary... ohh, I'm thinking out loud, sorry! (Eeek, way too scary.) And hell yeah, that RE lesson was soooo scary! With this freaky Italian film that was trying sooo hard to be funny, and it kind of was but no one was laughing! Wasn't it called Life's Beautiful or some thing like that in Italian...? It had nothing to do with RE at all! Ok, so Jane Austin? Getting in touch with your feminine side aye? But seriously, she is good! I go to FFOnline too! It's cool! Oh and you're opponent forgot to turn up in tennis?! What a dumbo! I mean seriously! Ultimate dumbo! Hehe, makes for an easy match though? I'll post this then blog about today later... about five minutes... check back! TTFN!

 wow vinnie managed to get on it, wow erm, im scared now.

 test by urlLink Leanne urlLink which CCS character are you? :( My result!

 A messageBoard O.o Best to buy a decent one rather than have a free hosted one with NO features. A good start is vBulletin (www.vbulletin.com) Ah my site, weel my domain is a .com and was 20 a year (but .nu's are about 30 a year) and hosting with urlLink UK Alive is just 30 a year! (U get rubbish bandwidth though ;() There you ahev it, a site from 50 (I paid 110 with vBulletin on top of my want list.) Remember, I'm always available for DNS help, Domains, HTML etc I have a greta idea! Go to urlLink I can give you a free board! It will be a private forum on mine (U guys will olny have access) and you can chat about what you like, with no interenference! Cool huh, check it out! Reply if your interested. (Its free) on my server, fast and no banner ads or popups. Enjoy XD (NOTE: Vinnie close your tags!)

 I'm in ^.^ Anyway, for those that don't now meI'm Vinnie, aka Valvados (Angel Flare.) Don't woz I won't share the URL out with lame fux0rs that will ruin the show! Anyway down to biz... Considering I'm new here I'll introduce meself. Name: Valvados Rank: Angl Flare Hair: Brownish Age: 14 Author: Jane Austin TV: UK Horizons (call me lame) Friends (online) Indy, Maiji, Serendipity, Beramode, Squinky, Cefc, Beatriz, Rinoa, San, GunBlade. Friends (phs) Me, Phil, Paul, Danny, Tim, Shane, Pete, Bert, Chris, Cooper, Robie, Rachel, Beki, Charl, Izz, Luara, Kess, Kati Jones, Kati Williams, Sami K, David Davey, David Greening (in maths XD) Emma, Chris Benson, Dan F(Sort of) Aimme Bevan, Nina Laten, and thats it ^_^ Ah, I suppose Lynne as well, If you want be my friend??? pls XD Hangs: FFOnline, Seripha, Le MondeDu Spam, Just Keep me Sane, MSN, Eyes on Tennis, BWG Boards etc etc Likes: Manga, anime, tennis, internet, webdesign, girls, food, tv and more. Peeve: Dishonesty, liars, thieves, annoying people and rainy days O.o So thee you hve it, Me! Good old borng m! ^.^ ---------- Hey Kez, I can get you a better messageboard, powered by vBulletin (check my site, www.eyesontennis.com.forums) and you'll see the software. Remember to give me the url if you get one XD I had such a cool time at tennis today! Although when I got there, I was a little sad because I justwasn't flowing and the ball was going everywhere, damn... After a while, however, I built myself up and started to blast back shots for winners! *Is very happy* My picture is in the seond to the back page in the Mecury which is SOOO cool, check it, although the oppositon failed to turnup and we didn't get a match, fame is fame! Why does school suck so much? That move in RE was so dull I thought I was literally going to die! *Isn't joking* and it was all in Italian : ( Science was a BORE and now we hae this damn experiement to complete tommorw for this key assesment thingy. Great, nothing can get better (without me and Paul trying not laugh at everything remontely funny.) Part from that, I is happy XD M first post *Is emotional* Gosh, this place is l33t, expect me back soon! XD Oh yea PS, I have Kes's hotmail but whats Izzy's, Beki's, Ginney Pig's and Lauras? Thanks so much. : ) - Valvados Angel Flare

 Just thinking. (Dangerous!) Thanks! :O! Any way, this song, Semisonic - Secret Smile listen to it, it's good, any way it's going on about how 'you've got a secret smile' and don't you think that? Well I do, whatever's inside my head, all my thoughts are mine and no one will truely know your thoughts. I guess when it comes down to it, it's the last bit of privacy we have, and it's locked inside our head. Nothing can read or decifer the code of though. Geez, bit heavy there! Sorry, just a bit moral.... and crazy! ...It was Laura! Hehe, blame Laura for every thing great! Grrr... my ear keeps going and I say that 'I can turn it off' cause it I press it then I can't hear any thing and it shuts out every one's annoying fake laughing! Hallelujah!

 Hey if you want a free message board thingy then go to urlLink http://www.ezboard.com I might bother to get one but heeey it would be funny, it'ld be like a blog in a board... (Yeah... whatever you say...) Wait a minute, I'm home alone, and all the food's downstairs... alone... WHAT?! What am I doing up here? I'm gonna go raid the kitchen! But seriously (?) would any one apart from us use it? Who's mad enough? (Geez... I could count a few people) And, question of the year: Does any one actually get our humour? Usually they just ignore us or do fake laughs *shivers* eugh, I hate fake laughs!

 Hey so erm this totally ok now? Wow, we have a CD writer! Woohoo! I invited Vinnie and Kim, but Vinnie doesn't seem to understand this... hmm... Didn't every one else get it really easily? I'll go reinvite him, but hey Laura got it! Muhaha, awww quite mean. Geez, this is depressing, REM - Everybody hurts. :( :( :( Any way, Izzy you finished it yet? Aargh, when it gets to me finishing it you're gonna bug me all the time! Oh, and de mouse is

 im just experimenting again. --- thats it i fink!!

 me here! Please don't panic I diddn't get lost, well i thought i had got lost on the way home because i decided to go up North street. Yes Laura I no know where it is. and i thought that if i went down the hill it would take me to where i wanted to go,but it diddn't so I had to walk all the way back up this bloomin' hill. wow i think im goin to write something and see if Katie deleats it. ummmmm so rite i no how many are there so don't try anything silly. :) (NOTE: Hey it's Katie, and I didn't edit it! ;) ;) ;) )

 EEEEEEK! Does art have to be done for tomorrow? And bigger EEEEEEEEEEEK! Are you really gonna invite a load of people on here? Ok Ok!! I will do the mr.fopple as soon as people stop talking to me otherwise i write about a sentance per hour!

 Coool! Not a doog thing! Wow, doog means bad and good means... well... good! Yeay! I was really getting a bit paranoid today... I shouldn't go into it but any way! I actually have a party plan now! Hey I have to go bug people about it. I have a theory, Izzy isn't coming on this so I won't bug her about Mr Fopple! Yeah, ok, so I suck with theories! Geez, why do we want to know about cubism again? What is it? Greeeat, reminds me of french, we spend a whole lesson doing stuff that we don't know any thing about... yeah... that makes no sense! But any way! Oh, every one remember Russian tomorrow, damn got Russian homework too! Dosvedanyaa or however you say it. Hey has any one found Russian character thingies on the computer? Tell me if you have! Did you see Neighbours Laura? Talk about :O :O :O

 Mmm art homework though, not a doog thing. Heeey I found a cool 60's song! Yeay! :) :) :) Three Dog Night-Summer in the City, oh and Third Eye Blind are funny too! I looove them! Oh and we have a cd recorder so if you want any thing... hehe, let's discuss prices!

 heloo just seeing if this works. okay well hmmmm.. today was okay, got my va va voom back (well most of it) did a lot of punching the punch bag when i got home (not for any particular reason) however it is a great way to take out anger by pretending it's certain peoples heads who happen to be complete bitches.(i'm sure u all no who i mean) for those who don't then just be thankful. today is wednesday.... i think. which is kinda cool cos we have art tommorow (yey!!!!!!!!!) i'm not very good with days of the week. as u can probably tell. bye then see u soon p.s. i hope u did not get lost lynne!

 OOOH SHIT! sorry, just totally mucked up the java! Was that me? HEEEEEEELP!

 Mmm... and now for an actual blog! (Yeay!) :) :) :) I just ate a load of strawberries so I'm really happy! (Uhh... yeah... sure...) But damn it, we've got Art homework. :( Hehe, I've got this inbuilt thingy where I can totally ignore people and I'm trying it out on Rosie, not that she'll notice, and not that I care. Any way, on the point of two mile radiuses (who mentioned that?) as I was saying, no one gets our humour! Seriously! They either go uhuh, or run away scared! Ooooh, fun! Or pretend to which is even funner! So ok, I have to plan my party! Yeah... we could kill Izzy! Uhuh... or we could just go and see a movie. SPIDERMAN?! Yeah! Or just have another water party! Yeay! But the thing is, only rooom for 7 in a car... and 5 people including you lot so who else? I wanna have three heads the day after I give out the invitations you know! Oh and MR FOPPLE! Hurrrrrrrrrrrry up!

 Blueeer

 it diddnt work o well

 Right hello! I'm just going to be really boring. If this works im going to be soooooo happy, and if it doesn't oh well. http://home.earthlink.net/~syrov/HOLIDAY/O2.gif

 heloo everyone, wow no ones online. i'm fine, i guess i just ran out of va va voom i pretty sure it should be restored asap. thanks for asking though! i'll probably be realy high tommorrow to make up for it! tee hee mechanic barbie- thats a cool idea. i reely like i'm gonna kick some ass barbie. i bet loadsa people r gonna get on here now by searching for barbie! like all these little kids!!! coooolllll! it was'nt a boring blog! it had stuff about killer barbies! wow theres someone online now who jnows who mr.tumnus is!

 Mmm sorry guys but I keep getting thrown off. (...Maybe blogger's trying to tell me something...) Hey thanks! Oh and Izzy two words: MR FOPPLE. Yeah you better finish that! Geez, do you think Barbie's a slut? Please don't ask, it came out of nowhere! She is I guess... why don't they have 'Three headed Barbie' or 'Mechanic Barbie' heeey what about 'I'm gonna go kick some ass Barbie' wow, I could work for Barbie! I can see it now... 'one girl was the whole reason that barbie went bankrupt...' err, great! Oh, my brother had Science GCSE test today! We spent all of last night revising then he said it was too easy today! Hey Laura you ok? Keep up those high hopes! (But please God, stop Izzy from singing!) Eeeek my birthday on the 9th and I still haven't got any party arranged! Eeek, oh and I have to ask about Rachel's party, I better go. Sorry about the boring blog, it's just it kind of looses the Vavavooom after you've typed the same thing about ten times. Have a nice day, bubi!

 Woohooo! I love my new name! Rolie! Sorry, I will get on to the Mr.Fopple, but I can't promise that it'll be any good!

 Yeah go Lynne! Me and Laura mucked around one whole Geography lesson and the teacher didn't care! and we got to level 17! So did Izzy but :P to her! Oh, and she's a steam roller! She's called Rolie, and don't ask please! Izzy you better just roll over to Mr Fopple and finish it! Yeah otherwise I'll set my evil head on you! (Yeay!) *hey i thought I was the evil head* Shut up you two! Hmm... maybe we're all evil! Mmm, so any way finish it so I can start writing the next chapter!

 wow! I got to level 10 thats a personal best for me! On bubble trouble that is!!

 Did you know that 2/3 of people aged 15- Erm... (Quick make up a believable number because you've forgotten!) 30 are depressed?! Geez, I was reading fanfiction, god some one that stuff is seriously depressing and powerful. urlLink http://www.fanfiction.net/read.php?storyid=797824 Cure for depression, a seriously weird story, I'm talking about a on a par with Mr Fopple's weirdness story! Aargh, scary! Yeah... more freakiness in the world, that way the 2/3 of depressed people will be replace by 2/3 of totally freaked out mad people! Woooohoooo! Yeah, sounds like fun! All I need is a pink elephant and a lot of cheese, oh a melon would be good. (Ahhhh freak out!)

 Oooh sorry Izzy! *Taps her fingers on the desk* Hurrry up with Mr Fopple! Grrr! But it's kind of good that you're spending ages cause then it'll be better... *COUGH* ok so hurry up! Mmm, did any one actually do any thing today? Nope, me neither! Muhahaha! Aaargh running out of things to say! Oh yeah, the frog racing thingy, now that is a bit stupid, you have to pay to get the currency on it! (Geez, did you just use a long word?) Yeah, probably spelt it wrong though if that makes you feel any better! Stupid.. companies... any reason to get money out of us! Hey is Letty better? Get well sooon! Oh and I need tour e-mail addy if you have one to annoy you and freak you out cause I'm running out of people to freak, they're all freaked already! (Damn!) Hey I'm gonna go chop down some rubber tree plants bubi!

 Oooh I've been on habbohotel - and my mum was like - "Get off that now it could be dodgey!" Oh yeah and the concert went pretty well, except they forgot to put out a desk for me and my friend, so we had to get some chairs and a stand and everyone was already sat down waiting for us!! It was embarrassing! But anywayyyyyyy.... Ooh Mr.Fopple! I'll get right on it!

 Okay, very scary website Lynne! Oooh, successful shopping day yeah! I got a load of stuff... yeah, let's not talk about every thing if you get what I mean. Which I'm sure you don't! Did you know that Mr Turner has been at Nailsea School all his life? Sad or what? Geez, when will he retire! Please please retire! Any way, enough of that. Oh I have the coolest t-shirt it's got Kermit on it! WOW! Sorry, my families just oh-so-majorly obsessed with the muppets! Oh and apparantly Chandler guy's gonna be in the next Ally Mcbeal, I got bored and started flicking through the TV guide. Wow, it's on the tv too how er... great... And I asked my Mum for a PS2 uh-oh I'm dead but what the hey. Oh, and Laura, you can stay in the spare room. :P :P :P Just that Laura's oh-so slightly obsessed with PS2's and don't ask about the weird language going on here! Aaargh, hotmail won't lemme check ma mail! Meanie! Hey izzy finished Mr Fopple yet? That is a mad story, isn't it? Music for today is John Mayor - Neon you should listen to it, it's light and it's got a load of guitar in it, with actual music not just chords! :O :O :O Shock horror I know! My brother just likes listening to music with actual good guitar playing in every now and then! He was insulting me in German! Grr, have to get him back!!!

 visit; http://www.knowhere.co.uk/3142_heroes.html its the site with Mrs Hale on it. At last I found it, if you explore the site further it tells you all the hang outs and things, quite dodgy really. :)

 i was the last person to blog thats a shame!

 *FAME I WANNA LIVE FOREVER, I WANNA LEARN HOW TO FLY, FAME!* I think you get the general gist of it now. It was soo good! It was really sad aswell becasue there was a girl called Carman and she got hooked on drugs and her boyfriend gave her some money not knowing what it was for and hse ended up killing herself. Then at the end the all the audience stood upand started dancing!!

 Ohhh so I don't have enough time to blog cause HIGNFY is on and apparantly Angus Deaton (can't remember) has been taking crack and using prostitutes so they're gonna have a go at him yeay! Hehe... funny! Any way, weird site awards go to these! urlLink http://www.doctorwarp.com/ urlLink http://www.habbohotel.com Mmm... how to get rid of people on msn, guess I'll have to blog about that later! Some people are just too bouncy! (I mean excited so don't get any ideas!) Mmm.. popcorn... *ahem*! Ok, so today it tipped down with rain (EEEK TV) Sorry better go bubi!

 hi I have no idea wot i'm doin or y i am here so.............. hey-up-chuck and chuck-up-hey are katies and mine so leave them alone

 Ok - Rosie analysis - she wants attention and something to brag about, she's decided that she doesn't like us and is trying desperately to find something wrong with us. She can't, so she's making it look like we've done something to give her a reason for doing something and getting attention! (phew!) Doing anything back to her is not a good idea (but a repeat of the baked-beans-over-the-head-inceddent would be funny!) because it will show her that we care which we DON'T! And it will give her the attention that she wants, and will only encourage her to do it more. If she thinks it's really cool and that she looks really smart then hell, let her! She'll grow up sooner or later and realise how stupid she's being! Ok, that's the end of my Kilroy impression, sorry about that! Anywayyyyyyy... eeek got a load of savage monsters i mean, uh... you guys coming round tomorrow...it's gonna be hectic cause my Grandma will have just arrived and it'll be like "Uh... Hi, er -talk later...*smuggles Lynne out the way before she says something stupid*"

 test by urlLink Leanne urlLink which CCS character are you? Stupid and pointless things excite me or get me angry! How did they know! Oh, I'm just beating Izzy up so she'll finish the Mr Fopple chapter she's doing! Hurry up Izzy!

 Yeah! Every one should support this Cancer Week thingy! And hey, you don't have a choice. 1 in 3 people get cancer, Nanny had it and so did my brother. Sadly Nanny died from it. :( Hmm, I'm surrounded by too much death. AAARGH! Sorry, just saw the Pete thing on flooble, god it was you Lynne? You just gave me a heart attack! Oh, my computers really mucked up! Every thing's too big, even web pages! 1 in 5 computers have a virus! Annoyed yet? (I am!) Thank you Lynne for being so kind to me! ...Although I'm not sure that I want all my readers to cry when they read my poems, guess I can express emotions through them so it's a good thing! ...in a way...! Oooh, Pretty Women! This song is sooo annoying. Did you know that they made an Abba play? Abba are anchient, can't people let them go? My mum and dad didn't like them 30 years ago so why would they like them now?! Oh, and Izzy phone me about tomorrow! Oh, and what Rosie did actual made me feel better and more secure about myself SO HA ROSIE SUCK ON THAT! *Ahem* Sorry, it's just I accidentally shoved my table a little bit into her and she shoved me and said "God fuck off Katie!" And :O Talk about unprovoked attack! Hehe... now that I think about it, damn why didn't I hit her?! I could of said it was self defence! Muhaha, have to remember that! Mmm... plate of baked beans in order or shall I just stick with custard? Heeey, I'm joking, I'm chilled really! Oh and I think we need to see Blob tomorrow, she seemed more depressed than usual. :( Poor Blob...

 wwwwwwwwwwooooooooooooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww it actually works. thats good. I was thinking of creating my own blog but i'm not really sure. ideas please. i have been reding your stories Kes. The one about Blob made me actually cry. I think that you could become a really famous author, because your story and poems are really good! GRRRRR Mrs Smith back 2morrow, not good news, back 2 boring lessons not having a clue what I'm doing, o well. I have run out of things to say so I might just go to bed and read for an hour or two, o well. oooooo I keep on saying o well, o well. I'm going to do it deliberatly now. o tumty tum tum, I have a head ache. do u no that tomorrow or today whenever u nxt read this so basicly 23rd May to the 3rd June is National bandana week for the teenage cancer trust, so Laura and I are going to buy ourselves a bandana each. I am definatly going to because if there was a unit for it in The Bristol Childrens hospital the girl across from Letty could be in it with people going through what shes going through. If you see what I mean. so wear your bandana with pride. They cost 5 and u can get them in Pilot, Topshop, Tie rack and Im not sure where elseu can get them. wow ive ritten quite a lot 4 me.

 well hello its me here this is a test cos i have found a new way 2 get on2 blogger!

 Oooh, hey, doing history homework here, and hey! I found the perfectest sight ever for it! (Is perfectest even a word?) Perfectist? Hmm, don't start that again! Any way, it tells you every thing that you need to know about whatever it is we need to know... here! urlLink http://momo.essortment.com/versaillestrea_reif.htm Oh and yeay I made blue bread! It actually looks really gross but it tastes ok! I got 9/10 for it, and yeah I do recon Mrs Knott is sexist! Really, you do too? She was having a go at every one going "What, that looks like blobs" Hmm... she's evil! Oooh... and Ctrl + F makes a find box come up! And no one told me...?! Ooh, and use the flooble box cause otherwise Izzy will hunt you down and eat you! Eeeeek!

 ridiculous? No, that's stupid, try again ridiculious... mmm time for spell checker! And yes, I do use it in msn conversations and for blogger if you were wondering! Mmm... MAD! Yurp! Oh we're making bread tomorrow and mine's called "My home planet" and it's blue bagels with mixed herbs! Eww? Yes! Well I'm doing them to get every one not so serious and happy cause we've had too much of being foozley lately! Yeah so lighten up! Oh and orange, or operation orange is trying to get Charlotte and happy, and us being her friends cause she seems really depressed and she's smoking so we have to help her! Go operation orange! YEAY! Oh and bummer, french test! Do I ever shut up? No!!!!

 Woah! Does she ever stop talking? ....No!! I would honour you all with a ridicolously (damn spelling) long blog, but I have a limited time on here and katie's been bugging me to do some of the er, really great Mr.Fopple story....

 So heeeey! We were having a reminising about old times today. Yeah, all the stupid stories came out! Like the time that me and Izzy were hiding from every one in camp and we managed to kick a load of wood ants and shout to the other team that "There's no one here!" Haha, that was funny. Yeah, I'm crap at telling stuff! Mmm... well old stories that happened, heck, any stories! So Blob is feeling better! (Was she called Blob? I forgot) Well I think she is, which is good! Yeay! Oh and Lynne's mad... oh and it's raining loads! It's really sad, I was watching spooks and apart from some one dieing horrible, this racist barstard (sorry guys!) was on it and I was like "Ooooh, I'm gonna kill him" I hate prejudice, it's all about feeling that you're better than some one for some reason or other and it really pisses me off! So does some one threatening me with violence. Funny, some one shouts at me and I ignore them, then they threaten to punch me and all of a sudden I start screaming at them and go off in a huff! (Geez, you're weird!) Hey, I better go, Rik's doing his GCSE's and he wants a go so bubi!

 Hey I finally did it! I uploaded the Mr Fopple story, and yes, it's really really scary! Check it out urlLink http://www.fanfiction.net/read.php?storyid=787588 geez it's scary. No wonder no one's reviewed it! Muhaha... sorry, going off into my own world again. :P :P :P Oh, Izzy, you soooo have to write the next chapter! Oh, I found a really cool website, well my brother did! urlLink http://www.getaforecast.com/mentalist.htm It's got this girl and she's pulled this chicken nugget out of a McDonald's bag... and it's a batter covered chickens head. GROSS! Eww, if that doesn't put you off McDonald's for life then you are officially sick (in a bad way). *since when can you be sick in a good way?* Oh, my parents think I'm mad cause I'm making a blue bagel for technology! Haha, eww, it's gonna be gross! Oh well, just shut your eyes and eat! Mmm... muhaha, I can force fead every one! Yeah... and add a load of vinegar to it and make people say it's nice MUHAHAHAHA aren't I just lovely? (No) *you're telling me! Hey! get me off this body* 'whacks her other head' Hey you two pipe down! :P :P :P Oh, good song is 10 Shiny Things is Good by Dillinger Four. Yeah, I'm just full of useless crap aren't I? (Yeah!) Hey! Stop thinking about that! So is every one! (No one gets it...) Oh well, no one apart from our group gets that humour! Better go bubi!

 Ha! I've read some really bad fanfiction stories so they asked for it! Mr Fopple here I come! *duh duh duh!* (...That's not a good thing...) Ooh, sorry, bored and I dunno what to talk about! Yeay! It's my birthday soon! Woooohooo! Aargh, we had a french test and I pinged Izzy's bracelet and it went by Megan, then the teacher picked it up and Megan said it was hers and she said that she had been looking for it for ages! Liar! Then Rosie was like, I got 16 I must be cleverer than you. But they all cheated and copied each other, and is it me or do I sound really kiddy today? I'm gonna go disappear in a florish of moralness!

 Check this out: urlLink http://uk.news.yahoo.com/020519/140/cz8hh.html It's sooo funny! Apparantly the stars don't wanna sing the national anthem! Ahahaha! And their reason? Well, some one said "I wouldn't mind but it is such a crap tune. It's a dirge. There were more than a few raised eyebrows at the Palace, but I just wanted to laugh," Yeah, and we all thought that they didn't mind what they sing, so long as they get the money... well, this is a free event isn't it? Muhaha, yeah, slightly evil feeling, hey download Gotta Go by Agnostic Front it's sooo annoyign and it gets stuck in your head... ok, so maybe don't download it. Hey Floz, (hehe, dental floss? get it?) *do we want to get it?* Hey you two shut up! Any way, *COUGH weirdo COUGH* Hey I said shut up! Any way FLOZ, convinced your family to download Kazaa yet? Oh, and some one buy me a dictionary for my birthday please! (You need it) Hey! Don't get me started! *you already are!*

 Heeey! I'm going on a weird story spree, trust me, the one about Mr Fopple is past weird... Hmm... hey sniz, I'll put it on fanfiction to freak every one out, and send it to you so you can write the next chapter, be warned, it's very very strange. Kind of in a dreaming way. Uhuh, well I have to go cause of the French test so bisi!

 Coool, well done flynnie! Go you! Ooh and yes - if you do decide to kidnapp laura and drag her off to see Episode II, I'll come! *groan* Cause I want to see it again!! We have to drag Flynne along too!

 well hello!!!! I am very tired because i have just finished the RACE FOR LIFE! I got in Izzy u c. the only problem now is, that i have got the worlds largest stomach ache from drinking carbohidrate drinks that they were throwing at us. *ouch* I completed the 5km in 28min 41secs. Ummmmm ooooooo visit this website; http://www.thedollpalace.com its really cool, so um go visit it. and oooooo Letty says thanks for all the messages for her! :)

 Mmm... wow! So yeah, we have to kidnap Laura and get her to see Star Wars II and Spiderman! Apparantly, it's got about 96 mistakes in it, but we don't care, do we? We're mad Spiderman fans! Well... I am... It all started one rainy day... *flashback* (No way is there gonna be a flashback! We don't wanna traumatise people even more than they are already from reading this!) Hey my cat wants a hug... say hey Cleo! Uhuh... so she's gone, I tried to get her to annoy my brother but he's not here... hmm... Oh and I just read a story on fanfiction and every one... kind of died! Woohoo! Happy, happy! That's what it always does in old books! They're all happy at the end, then they all die. I mean great guys, just great! Mmm... any way, I'm writing about Mr Fopple, and yes, I am going weird. Very weird. Oh, I had the weirdest dream! (Uhuh... we really wanna hear about it) Ok, ok, so you get off... Eeek! Cleo again! Noooo... stay away... not the tickling! Nooooo!

 Incredible news, guys - not only is there a new spiderman movie, but theres gonna be a new Bond movie AND the plot for the NEW INDIANA JONES movie has just been finishd! Oh my god, episode II was soo soooooo good! I'm still in shock from seeing it, it was truly admazing. You guys have to see it, it's not just good its really clever and everything, but I will try very hard not to reveal any of the plot - but yes! Kidnapp Laura! Gag her and put her in a.. in a.. uh - a sack! With uh.. handcuffs - anything!! Have you seen the Esso boycott? There were greenpeace people putting up signs saying "Dont buy from Esso" etc, and handing out anti-Esso leaflets, which I was reading and finding out how evil Esso actually are. Brendan got a badge from them saying "I don't buy from Esso" ! Yeah... he buys from Shell instead!

 hello everybody i'm quite excited today cos i have an E.T. cuddly toy! he is amazingly cool and he has this little red jacket. He also has a pink space hopper that is also sparkly and a pogo stick which doubles up as a broomstick. Also i got the BEST pencil it has spiderman on it and it's also a laser gun. and i think i'm going mad cos i'm sat here with my e.t. in front of me and i keep havin weird hallucinations that he is moving. hmm, scary. izzy's hamster and i should get together sometime,he seems evil and very cool. we could have our own detective show along with et. wow how cool. hope u r feelin betta letty!! munchkins rool!

 Wow, Russel sounds cool, maybe he's a under cover MI5 agent and he's trying to find the three headed monkeys wherabouts! Err... not here... *points at Izzy* "It's her!" *watches Izzy being taken away and sits down and watches tv with all six eyes* Did I say six... I have three pairs of glasses on... yeah... that's it... *COUGH* Heeey! I have a new bag and a pencil case! Woohoo! The pencil case is pink... yeay! And I'm thinking about attacking it with paint and glue...! Sounds like fun! Oh and I'm kidnapping Laura so we can see Star Wars cause she has to see it to be proved wrong that it is a cool film! So :P to Laura, and oh, sorry. Mmm... we ended up havin ice creams in bristol and we looked really wierd. Then we saw megan on the bus and it was like "OMG RUN!" but we couldn't so we just sat there and said nothing. Lynne you okidokie now? I hope so! Oh, and Izzy, me and Russel haven't been properly introduced! GET WELL SOON LETTY! Sorry, tired and bored guys!

 Arghh! I was tres agreee (dunno just trying to sound french) earlier - and i have some inspiration for something to write on fanfiction - Yay!! If they actually send me the email! I lost the old ones so i have a new pen-name (hopefully) now. Hahahaaaa! twas funny, mum forgot to clean out Russell's cage, and left it a couple of days later than normal, and we found the Russell had chewed a huge hole right through the plastic in protest!! If he had chewed any longer it would have been big enough for him to get through! He is not a normal hampster. He is too smart for his own good! He can stear a hampster ball perfectly around corners and he knows his way around everywhere! He knows that if he has no food left in his bowl, and we're all in the kitchen, if he hangs from the bars of the top of his cage, we'll notice him and notice that his food bowl's empty! Weird, but smart....perhaps...to smart.

 Hey anyway, what would you do if you ruled the world? (Gee, you're that bored?) *I said gee! Hehe, ohhhh, it's not that funny...* I would put a stop to third world debt and say "raboo suckers" to every one who complained! Eugh, people at school want me to give them the addy for this, is it ok for people to reading your sort of journal thingy? I guess if they do then they'll be even more wierded out than usual! Muhahahaha! Fun! Hehe, Lifehouse song says "Finding my way back to sanity, although I don't know what I'm gonna do when I get their." How cool! It's called Breathing so go out and download it or some thing! Mmm... back to the thoughts thing, I mean, it's seriously gotta be bad for you're health to read my mindless blog rambles each day, or ever! must decrease brain cell multiplication! (Just nod) Geez, if that's what it does to you what does it do to me?!

 YESSS! Sorry, just kind of happy that it's Friday and school's out! Woohoo! It's Saturday tomorrow! Yeah! Oh, and my bag is retiring early! So every one wrote over it and Laura put I heart Postman Pat but I don't! Oh, and apparantly I'm Bob the frog! Wow, kind of cool I guess, so long as Mango doesn't eat me! Hehe! Oh if you've got Kazaa then download: don't let the bastards grind you down by the toasters! It's really cool and a good pick-me-up! Or buy the moon ska europe cd. Oh, and guys, I'll try and copy it or record it for you! It twas scary, I came home and all the lights were on and the computer was turned on but no one's home! Ok, so it was my brother (doh!) Hmm... oh and I was going a bit hyper today! (Just a bit!) Teehee, scarily so... and what's this? I've run out of things to say! Guess I'll go hide in my hole now...

 Hahahahaaa!! that is sooo funny! Ooooh, Lisa's gonna be holding a serious grudge now!! Ahhh perfect moment - As soon as we get into school we're greeted with the site of Lisa Boden screaming because she's covered from head to foot in foam! We managed to catch a few simple phrases like "My hair!" and "Eeeeek!" and "Rick Sims!" Twas funny. Eeek Russian was scary. All these weird letters! The teacher was cool, but its hard! It was funny cause Mr.Wiltshire was supposed to be listening to the teacher and writing stuff down like we all were, but instead he was talking and giggling and playing with his pen and doodling on his book! Then he scrunched his paper up into ball and started playing with it! I thought we were supposed to be the kids!

 Hey go to urlLink http://www.chamjam.com/ my cousin, Simon Fieldhouse is one of the event orginisors. Yeay! Well it's a cool website! (And it's got nothing to do with the fact that my cousin practically owns it..) Did I say that out loud? (No, I did) Hmm, moral rant now. I was thinking about how different people have different methods to get friends, doesn't any one now go for old fashioned plain simple nices friendly kindness? Hmm... guess we've all gotta be complexed now and think we're better than every one and every thing. (Pigheaded then) Yeah, I guess so!

 So hey! Thursday and yes... I survived! My brother got Lisa Boden covered in shaving foam twise YES! MUHAHA! (Sorry but she is kind of a bitch and she was like "Oh nooo! What am I gonna do?" and it's like (hahaha). Yurp, sure! Oh so they were standing at the gate waiting for people to come to school and they turned and ran so my brother chased them! Yeaaah! Today was sooo fun! Hehe... Oh and Mr K was in a big stress and took the Super Soakers off every one! Geez, really bad mood! All that screaming and guitar playing was my brother! Then in English Mr Nutbrown was trying to talk over a lawn mower and really loud guitar! Oh... that was my brother too! (What wasn't?) Oh and he's going to the ball dressed in a caftan! (Wow I actually learnt how to spell some thing!) Russian was kind of fun... I guess... bit of boredom factor going on though! Geez, a whole blog about the day! Well I gotta go watch tv, oh and I missed Neighbours... AGAIN! eeek! See ya later bubi!

 I'm sorry Katy vile, but you are officially a big piece of poo! "How dare you say that to me?!" Some people are just a bit smean...ok stop me before i go off on a rant! Ok well I'm bored and I cant think of anything else to blogabout. Uh... tweedle-de-diddleie whoop-dee-doo.

 Thank you soooooo much for your support it's really good to have friends that you know you can trust and that will stand by you what ever happens. I have decided that there is no point in attacking her because it only makes me as bad as her. Sorry I no I've been talking to Laura for too long. ARGH German homework! I hate it I'm just writing loads of gibberish so I would totaly ignore me if I were you, but I'm not so carry on reading. Katie Laura has to buy a new purse because of you, you smeanie. Katie your lovely brother has already got his water pistol thingy cos they weer playing with them in Mrs Williams lab. oooooo visist this: http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/nm/20020512/sc_nm/health_vegetarians_dc_1&e=2&ncid=585 bit long I no but its really cool it's all about veggies!

 Hmm, Monday-kerine, Wednesday-beer. My dad spilt beer over my trousers and they stink! So if I smell of beer tomorrow, I'm not an alcoholic ok guys?! Hmm... stupid dad! Trust him to spill his whole drink over me. Then I put my foot in it so my plaster smells of beer to! Eugh! Any way, piano was fun! If you can call playing the piano fun! I'm playing Arietta or whatever it is for one of my grade four pieces and it's hard! It's only one piece and this is a major, not even short breaths piece! (Oh a breath in piece is where you can actually stop for a minute! Aaargh! But it sounds good and it's fun so it's worth it! Hmm... I think by the end of tomorrow I might need some beer, my brother's gonna have super soakers! (EEEK!) Hehe... I'll just scream and run, we've gone through this before haven't we? Hmm... maybe the beer fumes are affecting me... maybe it's just me...

 urlLink http://www.stephaniedeguire.com/ Go to the finds bit, it's funny and every one needs to be cheered up!

 Hey so hoo and a ha and a hey! (EH?) Never mind, hey here's a dare! Down load Private Eye by Alkaline Trio and if you don't get hooked on it and sing it for the rest of the day then you're mad! I'm singing it all the time and no one gets it! (Doh!) Hehe, sorry about your purse Laura! Some how I managed to break it! Oops! Then I was walking home and every one had foam so I put my super fast speedy shoes on and kind of half ran past them, but my brother's gonna get super soakers for tomorrow! AARGH! Don't worry, I'll just use Izzy as a shield! Muhahaha! Ok, so moral blogging! Katie Vile is being mean! So smeg to her! We all support you Lynne, and we will in any way that we can so we're here and uhh... yeah... Well, her last name is Vile isn't it! I recon the people around her don't actually like her and are just afraid of her and that's the only way she can get friends... kind of gotta feel sorry for her no? In a way... A very small way... Gomen, I know! I'll shut up soon! Eek! Eugh, don't get me started on smoking... sorry, some one on msn has 'give me some money for fags' as there name. If you want to kill yourself by smoking, go ahead and do it. Slow suicide, not very nice at all.

 Hey! I'm sooooo tired, yup, mentally and physically. Hmm... any one got any Lucozade? Come round my house with it please! But urrrgh... sooo tired! So Flynne you ok now? Hmm... we're here for you! (Well technically Izzy's just a door stop, but hey, you can lean on her!) So hmmm zzz soooo tired! Shopping on Saturday woohooo! Mmm... I need to watch TV and stop reading fanfiction! Eeek! I think I might just run away now... oh some one morally blog for me please?

 sorry about all those blogs it was just that my computer seemed to not be sending them so I clicked the button a few times!! so Im very sorry for any stress or mental problems I may have caused you! :) Letty is fine and she says thanks very much for the card. If a strange person called James comes on to the website I know who he is. So do not panic. I will explain at school. Please can you send me the poem about Blob, as it will be intresting to read. I totaly forgot to tell Letty about our class setting the fire alarm off! Oh well I'll just have to phone her what a shame. Right toodle trundle!!

 Hey, Emily, Laura and erm peeps wanna join this! Comments any one...?

 Heeey! Go Izzy! Woohoo trash the school! Oh, Lynne's class set off the fire alarm today! Woohoo go Flynne! Teehee! Aargh, I'm getting really annoyed with junk mail! I've had about 10 today! I have to go through them all and block them then delete them! Aaaargh leave me out of the junk mail list! Eeek one day I will rule junk mail muhahahaha! (shut up!) Eek! Any way how's about flammable for a sight name? Of course, spelt right and stuff! Ok, so maybe I am really bored! Aah! Ally Mcbeal gotta go bubi!

 Ooook I might try to get on fanfiction if i can think of anything to write! I'm still annoyed that they dont have a section where you can put art on :( Wow, i found this cool site called urlLink unladylike.net ! Pretty cool. Arghhh I am sooo tired from P.E toady. Miss Broom's such a... a... poo. Running AGAIN! And then we did javelin and I've just realised that I've never thrown a javelin properly in my life! I managed to throw mine perfectly away from the grass and into the paving slabs where it made a little round hole! Oops.

 Ok er- lynne what happened there? you blogged the same thing like 3 times! Oh well. Yeah! Get well soon Letty! Hope the cool pink card cheers you up! We saw Liz on the way home and she'd added some extra spesh flowers on for you! Yay!!

 Hey this is a GET WELL SOON blog to Letty! (Yeah I devoted a blog to you! yeay! how... great...) Any way! I hope you like the big pink card we made you! kind of goes with the blog! But Lynne wanted to change the blog colour! :O How could she even think about it! Yeah but erm have a big hug! Or.. maybe a mouse cause a mouse is the only thing I can do... I wrote a depressing poem... dedicated to Blob, I'm stilldreaming so if you feel depressed go read.

 Eeek Lynne overload! Okay, so you know that I said that my life was boring... in a kind of way, well that changed yesterday! *breathes in* (it's good to do that every once in a while) Weeeel! My cat, Brodie managed to get himself covered in kerine (?) the painty stuff so we had to give him a wash! It was really hard cause we were kind of doing in on the table and he kicked the bowl of water over so I got a load of keriney water over my trousers! (I think I've got it out but they still stink a bit!) So then my mum phoned the fet and guess what? Wow, that's right! The vet said we had to cover him in margarine! So we did and we got it every where and he kept trying to bolt! Aww, he looked soooo pathetic! Then I had to keep him from doing anything for ten minutes! It was hell and by the end of it I was covered in margarine too! You wouldn't believe how hard it is to stop a cat from eating the margarine it's covered in! Then we had to wash him again so we got him in a head lock and tried to wash him in the sink! He's still covered a bit, and his hair's all manky! Eww, but he stinks of fat and it's all gross! Hey, that actually happened!

 i tottaly agree with you izzy we should have a party!! :) Im worried about blob 2.

 i tottaly agree with you izzy we should have a party!! :) Im worried about blob 2.

 i tottaly agree with you izzy we should have a party!! :)

 Woooowwww im going a bit crazy...too much sugar! Can we have another end of SATS party please???

 Yeah i have the foozies big time. Hmph. Feeling bad for unnamed cause of all this stuff and I need something to throw!!! (In the words of Lynne) And its bad on charlotte for trying so hard but not realising that she's getting the wrong kind of friends the wrong way. Oh dearie me. (Uh oh I just sounded like my grandma) I don't actually have any major probs right now. Thats admazing too. Ok I've given up trying to type and restrain russell's wild instinct, so i'll just let him roam free throught mum's room. *Sings* Born freeee... Free as the wind blows...Free as the grass grows.... (shutup izzy) Sorry.

 Hey thanks for the support guys! ...Though I guess I will get covered in flour. I want a thing that says 'Flammable' apart from spelt right! :P :P :P Hmm... I feel sorry for Blob (don't ask) we all had the foozles today cause we felt bad for her... Aww, but hey we have to be her friend! I also kind of feel bad, cause this girl Charlotte smokes but now she hasn't got a lot of friends and she's depressed aww... why do I always end up feeling sorry for people? Well, admazing but my life's ok at the moment... I guess... hmm, just waiting for some thing. Check on me in a year, it'll probably be hell!

 okay so katies officially weird. interesting story though.guess wot? i have miffy wallpaper on my desktop! it's ssoooo cool! uh oh you r soooooooo incredibly gonna get covered in flour katie! hee hee! i will laugh. damn! just realised that we'll probably get covered in flour too. hmmmm. i have beeen sssssooooooooooooooooo bored today . did a whole lotta nothing .woo hoo for doin nothin! i slept in this morning, then sat around for a bit , then ran quickly out of the house cos of huge argument going on between my mum and sis.which turned out to be about something incredibly pointless. it was funny though cos i went to mace and then realised i had no where to go ! so i went home. then i made a little dudey man out of salt dough. and then i watched a LOT of tv.all of which was crap.so then i got up and thought hey, i'll go and talk to myself for a bit. so here i am! aaarrrgggghhhhhhhhhhhh. i feel dead.

 argghh! i typed a huuuuuge blog and then blogger decided to be pooey and did something really strange and now its gone. And now i have to go. Great.

 Hey! Isn't it annoying when your toe gets stuck to the carpet? ...Eww... gross! Any way eek! EEK! Next Thursday will be my brother's official last day of school! AARGH! Umm, I think I'm gonna run away on that day cause otherwise I'm gonna end up getting covered in flour or something... help! Mmm, plus he's being rebeleous (at least I attempted to spell it!) and he's going to the ball wearing a kaftan instead of a suit! HA TAKE THAT! Sorry, just all the girls are really vane and like "You've gotta make and effort. Oh and cut your hair!" I would never say that to anyone! It's just tight and obnoxious! Yeah, but I'm afraid of what he's gonna do on Thursday! Oh, the ball's at a really posh place, and I can't see them getting drunk there! Although... Hmm, wonder who his date'll be... maybe I should stop wandering! Eeek, dead scary thought! Aargh, I'm going back to my hole! I need a vacation!

 well hello my little spring Chickens!!! :) Katie u missed such a good day yesterday, we went to the stream, and made a boat and Bekki fell in and did lots of silly things!! Please can we add Laura Harris to Blogger? Pretty please with a glacy(soz couldn't do the e thingy) cherry, and sprinkles on top!:) OOOOOOOOOO In TKMax they have Tshirts with spacehoppers on them and thier 9.99 so mum wont buy one for me!:( Do you know that I have an IQ of 97!!!! I did that thing on TV last nite, did anyone else do it???? I ahev got the coolest Bikini ever, its blue and pretty and blue and pretty and blue!!! By the way I had Mc Donalds today, plz dont start a moral rant (IZZY, KATIE) as my sister was mooning and the only way to carry on shopping was to go to Mc donalds!!

 Hey. I'm listening to relaxing music, I can only take so much rock music you know! Kind of get a head ache, any way! Enya are officially relaxing! So's Life House, but any way! Ahh, I love being relaxed cause usually I'm really jumpy! If you say "Boo" behind me I'll probably jump about two feet into the air. It's cause of my brother... and scary Doctor Who movies! Eeek! I'm gonna go, getting kickem offem again! (I have a thing about em after words...) Never mind, just my strange little world I guess.

 Here's my plan: First we boycott Mcdonal'ds, then we buy a dictionary so I can actually spell things correctly! (Hallelujah!) *don't start* Then we get a big piece of popcorn and we get a pink giraffe to eat it and then it blows up like a balloon. We send it to the White House and the oh so clever George Bush thinks it's an alien and decided to pop it and eat it. Little does he know that the pink giraffe has also eaten a chemical that makes you believe whatever some one tells you. So George, being the good guy that he is gobbles it all down and then we burst into his office and tell him he's a monkey. So he wanders off, acting like a monkey and the whole world gets thrown into turmoil becuase the pink giraffe turns out to actually be an alien, a blue one. So we jump in and claim we're aliens too and take over the Earth! Good eh? Sorry, majorly bored! Eugh, gotta go do something! Bisi! Hehe... shopping on urlLink amazon ? Sounds good to me! :) :) :)

 Helooo! I'm a bit scared over here cause it's 10:00 and every one should be awake... but they aren't and I don't know who's awake! Fun! Geez, my mum's gone to her friend's house and our house has been thrown into chaos. It's covered in yogurt pots! Eeeek! And kind of smells like... strawberrys...? Wierd, definatly! Hey peeps where is every one? Oook, so my dad and brother are up, good, good. Nope, not good, I'm getting thrown off. :( :( :( Bisi.

 Mmm so any way I was looking at urlLink http://www.iwantoneofthose.com/ and I've seen this ultra cool Worst Case Scenario Golf book! I should get it for my dad, you should get it for your's too! Who knows... maybe it'll put them off golf! Not likely, they're ultra weird dad's (like the rest of them) and oh-so slightly obsessed with golf. See! Obsessed! I told you! (shut up katie) :( I can't believe it, my own head telling me to shut up. Hmm.. that sounds wierd and confusing, maybe I should shut up... Eugh, I was having a hard time in SATs trying to remember how to spell maybe! Guess the stress got to me... that is right, isn't it? M-a-y-b-e not d-e-f-i-n-a-t-l-y-n-o-t yup, stress I tell you stressss! Mmm, wasn't I saying about eating more cheese ages ago? Well... it's time to eat more ...wait a sec while 'inspiration' hits... ... ... OW! tomato puree! Yeay! (I'm sure it's got a dash on the e somewhere!) Hey I'm going all french! Yeay! Happy hyper! Woohoo! I better go now before I scare myself! Bubi!

 WTF?

 Right hello I have read it so you can stop worrying your little head, and i will not phone you and anyway I could nto, because I do not know your number- do you think you could email it to me? OOOOO I'm just listening to Greenday, La la la!!! I really want JLos album its really good. I konw that you will all think I'm sad now, well you already knew that but i think you should respect the music I like, like I respect yours. Sorry I was just going off on a moral ramble then. Oh well. OOOOOOOOO Its the do u have the time to sit and hear me whine song!!! :) I'll just shut up now!!!

 Wow, I just won two free nights at a hotel, along with about two other billion saps! Yeay! Mmm, so anyway, I'm not coming today, sorry guys. So err can some one read this please? Oh and respond if you do otherwise I'll keep running around trying to tell everyone. Oh and my mum's got my mobile so don't bother contacting it. (Not like I ever respond any way!) Eek, sorry about that! Mmm... slightly mad. I'm just really tired after SATs, and all that revising *groan* I'm quite scared, Hassal (annoying person) hasn't realised that I've deleted them on msn... yaargh. Mmm, think I'll go back to running round in circles now! Bubi!

 Hey! Just thinking about obsession, and how I always get obsessed by something, no one notices though! (Teehee) Isn't it healthy to have an obsession? To have some thing that you're constantly thinking about? Hmm, I just phrased that really badly so I gues it isn't. Otherwise my brain wonders though... hmm... Every one's always obsessed with some thing or at least I am! Mmm hmm... *COUGH* (shut up katie!) EDITED. Sorry, but I value my life. Geez, they make it seem like being best friends is like being joined at the hip! Wheras Izzy and Minton are joined by the little finger and me and Mr Fopple are joined by our ankles (it would really help if I could remember how to spell that) Oh and no thinking about that peeps, especially Laura, we know her twisted mind! Mmm.. I'm gonna go watch HIGNFY!

 oh dear i forgot to phone everyone. oh well. why is it always me who gets posted to do the phone-arounds? Bleugh stupid cold.. and its getting sunny! And Guess what! I'm ill! Eww my mum's force-feeding me strepsils. What are strepsils supposed taste of? They kinda taste like a mixture of liquerice, (cant spell) stuffing, toothpaste and that horrible pink stuff that you have to wash your mouth out with when you go to the dentist. There's a vague taste of orange in there somewhere...

 Oooh the page doesn't load. :( :( :( Floopers to the page! Whatever that means! Thank youuuuuuuu Flora! Heeey Oakhampton! Yeay! Don't worry we'll be back on Friday, although we'll probably all be zoned out so see ya on Saturday I guess. Is every one taking gross gross clothes? Cause I am and I don't wanna be the only one! Eeek! Save me! I'm taking a looooad of food so we won't go starving.. just a bit starving! I've never been on an adventure holiday before so it should be fun... yeah that is if no one drowns. Ok, ok, stop panicing! Hey I haven't even started! Hehe... scary... Uhuh, so any way my Dad's kicking me off. :P He's got all of next week to go on with no one bothering to bother him. *sigh* We went to Nargiza's leaving do, it was waaaaaaay formal, it was all these people from this church. Oh, but we got free food so hey. All the people round our age seemed to be blonde... all of them were quite scary really! But then this old lady started talking to us and I was like uhuh, so I let Izzy do all the talking, how nice huh? Mmm... better go see you guys in a blue moon, or a pink one which ever one comes on Saturday reallly. Go check out Mr Fopple and muck around on urlLink http://www.flasharcade.com If you're bored kiddies. Ok, bubi! *sob sob* Reeeealy have to go (and learn to spell) yeah, but that'll take longer. :| BYEEEEEEEEE!

 awwwww! don't be so hard on ur self. ur poems are really good. that one about blob was really good. were goin to okehampton tommorrow!!!!! which is cool! but i have a huge headache.uhhh oh well cest la vie.can't be bothered to feel ill. anyway how are you all? tell auntie laura.i dunno i'm in the strangest mood. lol. anyway back to you whoevers reading this. did you know that the person who invented the toilet was called thomas crapper! wow i just realised, that must be why people say crap! wow how funny. maybe his partner was called bob shitter. i dunno just ignore me. it was soooo funny earlier i took my sleeping bag outta the cover thing and i was trying to get it back in for about an hour. i was gettin really annoyed and then i realised how stupid i must look and could'nt stop laughing. i'm sorry but is'nt bollocks the best word? or is that just us and my mum that think that? tell us in the flooble if anybody actually reads this which they probably actually don't. oh .

 Wow, I just got an email saying that if I sent it on I would get money because Bill Gates is sharing his fortune. Ha, that'll be the day. All these rich people sit at home flooded with money while their is always some person out their with no money and probably close to death. Probably having a disease that could be easily cured if the right medicene was administered to them. If I ever am rich *COUGH* then I'll do a load of charity work and stuff! Yeay! And of course I'll buy Sandwhich Island or some thing stupid. So many people to help and so little time. Don't worry Izzy if I become a psychiatrist you can be my first patient. :D Oh wait, my Dad's first sorry. Going a bit weird today... (just a bit?) Hey I'll upload the third Mr Fopple chapter! Yeay! urlLink http://www.fanfiction.net/read.php?storyid=787588 How strange! Well Izzy get working on chapter 4! Yeay I can bug her about it again! I'm gonna go watch the footie, bye!

 Updated flooble box! ...Whatever that means! Hmm to throw Izzy into the river in Oakhampton or not... Tough choice! :P

 Yeah that's gonna be sooo fun tomorrow! Oh and sorry guys but we're going to Oakhampton so we're not gonna be on for a week! Nooo! So some one sweep up the cobwebs that'll gather and clean out the flooble box cause Izzy's used it too much. :) :) :) Hehe, aren't I nice? So any way... the point being...? Oh yeah, this won't get updated for a few weeks so you're just gonna have to walk over the links or dig through the arcive... or leave compeletly whatever! Geez, I dig myself into holes don't I? Oh hey I entered a poetry competition! Let's have a vote, last or second to last...? Hmm, tough choice!

 Yeah can't wait until saturday, if it's anything like today it's gonna be wild man!! (sorry couldn't resist that) Woohoo, plastic swords! The height of sadness! Yeah and you just know that somethings gonna go wrong, like meeting in the wrong place or the wrong time, or someone turning up! Arghh! (stop worrying Izzy!) Ok, ok it'll be fine...yeah, fine....hehe..heh.

 Wooo well yeah katie you pretty much summed it all up! Pratting about! Yeay! Oh yeah we're cool!

 That was sooo fun! Sorry Laura, I just wanted to go! We got a load of strange people to talk to us and muck around! Oh yeah, then we kind of attacked people with water. :D I think Laura has some thing against capital letters! Hehe Kim got so covered in water today, she got totally soaked and her hair got all wet! No one stopped throwing water at her and people went away and refilled their bottles and came back! Hehe, then she rubbed her hair on us and her hair dye came out on our clothes! Meanie Kim! But it was fun cause we got loads of people, and we got a load of people to join in with drenching Kim and people talked to us. Ok, so the point being: we joined all the 'loners' into one big group of 'loners' making us the sad group! YEAY! I like being nice to people what's the point in being horrible? Mmm... Yeay Bristol's gonna be fun! Woohoo we have our strange group ready and we can go buy plastic swords and freak every one out! Fun! Oooh sorry about the nicking your shoes thing Laura... but it was fun! Hehe and we took Izzy's as well! You actually got them back in the end though, well err after about half an hour of pratting about! Yeah I guess Tasha was supposed to do the high jump, PROUD TO BE LAST IN SPORTS DAY! Damn it we're good! My plan in life is not to shut people out but to let people in, in my opinion any one can be my friend and join our little 'gang' and I always want to eb that way. I will never be picky about my friends and I will always welcome friendship! (Moral rant over, you can breathe now).

 elloo, well that was funny both the people i was talkin to on msn just left at the same time. i think it's some kind of katie-kim conspiracy. hee hee. well a did absolutley bugger all today. which was fun. still have'nt had my veggie sausages . very upset about that. we did have great fun havin a water fight though and then they stole my shoes so i threw a bottle of water at them. for the last time it was'nt me who was supposed to be doing the high jump!

 it's a matter of that i cant do it and also that i won't because it's not fair.oh well lets just forget about that now. anyway i have a craving for veggie sausages. seriously need veggie sausages. mmmmmmmmmm.

 Hey! I'm in school and we're in geography... apart from no one's here and we're not doing any thing... YEAY! Ooh sports day today yeay! That means doing nothing and running around. Apart from we're gonna have the Pratt Olympics for fun soon inour little group! I think I'll win cause I'm the biggest prat yeay! (Can't spell, prat or pratt?) Help! Any way Laura won't do the high jump and I'm bored... Only 25 minutes of class left yeay! I'll go play games bubi.

 Yeah Emma we are sorry, we didn't mean to offend you, but we do like being friends with Kim aswell, please don't think we like her more than you or something silly like that because we don't. We want to be friends with you and we didn't mean to uspet you! :( :( :(

 Hey Emma! If you read this we're sorry if we offended you in any way so please talk to us! If you don't talk to us then we can't explain any thing or apologise, don't block us off just talk to us.

 Sooooooory Lynne! I was just talking to my cousins friends on aim and I had to get out! Eeek! They're gone! :'( But it's okay cause I'll probably see them on Friday and go to the pub! Yeay! But then I won't see them for another three years! Noooo! Hmm... they're fun though but I can talk to Lucy on AIM which none of you lot have... apart from Laura! Yeay! I was talking to loads of people, some one got their hair died blonde (another light bulb head to add to the collection) and some one else got their hair shaved off and it was really nice and long before! Geez, it was a hair day! Some one was saying how the holidays were freedom for hair... geez, they really get in contact with their inner yang of hair don't they? Oh no I forgot to tell them that it was dead! Yeay people talked on msn and I went all hyper and talked to absolutly every one! Well I betta go, remember apron!

 Well thank you katie. Would you please like to tell me what i have done to you. I do not smell, and there was no need to block me. If you have a problem with me please do tell me, because I will respect you more if you tell me to my face than go round being nasty. if you just couldn't be bothered to talk to anybody then thats ok, I'll shut up now. Soooooooooooooooooo I did the 1500m today and i came 5th woo hoo. I didn't actually come last for a change!!!!! :)

 Ok so Oh My God I'm Bored Hey This Looks Like Fun What A Weird Place Award for today goes to here: urlLink http://mazeguy.tripod.com/# Hey I should do more of these! :D

 urlLink http://www.fanfiction.net/read.php?storyid=787588 Yeay! Mr Fopple story and yeay I've almost finished chapter 3! See if you can actually get to chapter 2!

 El 24 de junio Hola. Me llamo Minton. Tengo 5 aos. Mi cumpleaos es el 25 de junio. Soy de Inglaterra. Soy muy guapo y alto y delegado. Practico el golf y jueves el ftbol. Me gusta el gazpacho y bailar en la discoteca. No me gusta la equitacin. Hay 38 personas en mi familia - Bob, Jim, Charlie, Ned. Ralf Rilf, Rolf, Zed, Ted, Fred, Barney, Wilma, Betty, Bam-Bam, Bert, Waldo, Jimbobbliejim, Mr.Fopple, Fozzle, Kermit, KATIE SIMS, Sminton, Linton, Mr.Smeg, Evil Bob, Zigganoughtusfallagrogplugblargish, Silent Carrot, Cool Little Fish Guy, Hamilton the Frog, Bob the Frog, Purple Fly, Spiderman, Batman, Robin, Robin's pet cockroach, Rizzo, Gonzo, y El Swedish Chef.......y yo. Mi madre es Spiderman y mi padre es El Swedish Chef. Un Abrazo, Minton. Muhaha! This is what Izzy and me did in Spanish and geez I'm the weird posting girl at the moment! (At least you're a posting girl ) Too odvious? Nah! ;) So any way today was fun! Err... not a lot happened but hey it was just school! I'm all alone so I put loud music on to scare away pink elephants that have come for my blood! Ha! Take that!

 Yeay! Psychology test that will take up all the room yeay! And yeah, I scabbed it off junk mail! (You fridge you!) HEY! 1. When do you feel your best? (a) in the morning (b) during the afternoon & early evening (c) late at night 2. You usually walk (a) fairly fast, with long steps (b) fairly fast, with short, quick steps (c) less fast head up, looking the world in the face. (d) less fast, head down (e) very slowly 3. When talking to people you (a) stand with your arms folded (b) have your hands clasped (c) have one or both your hands on your hips. (d) touch or push the person to whom you are talking. (e) play with your ear, touch your chin, or smooth your hair 4. When relaxing, you sit with (a) your knees bent with your legs neatly at your side. (b) your legs crossed (c) your legs stretched out or straight (d) one leg curled under you 5. When something really amuses you, react with (a) a big, appreciative laugh (b) a laugh, but not a loud one (c) a quiet chuckle (d) a sheepish smile 6. When you go to a party or social gathering you . . (a) make a loud entrance so everyone notices you (b) make a quiet entrance, looking around for someone you know (c) make the quietest entrance, trying to stay unnoticed. 7. You're working very hard, concentrating hard, and you're interrupted. Do you: (a) welcome the break (b) feel extremely irritated (c) vary between these two extremes 8. Which of the following colors do you like most (a) red or orange (b) black (c) yellow or light blue (d) green (e) dark blue or purple (f) white (g) brown or gray 9. When you are in bed at night, in those last few moments before going to sleep, you lie: (a) stretched out on your back (b) stretched out face down on your stomach (c) on your side, slightly curled (d) with your head on one arm (e) with your head under the covers 10. You often dream that you are (a) falling (b) fighting or struggling (c) searching for something or somebody (d) flying or floating (e) you usually have dreamless sleep (f) your dreams are always pleasant POINTS: 1.(a) 2(b) 4(c) 6 2.(a) 6(b) 4(c) 7(d) 2(e) 1 3.(a) 4(b) 2(c) 5(d) 7(e) 6 4.(a) 4(b) 6(c) 2(d) 1 5.(a) 6(b) 4(c) 3(d) 5(e) 2 6.(a) 6(b) 4(c) 2 7.(a) 6(b) 2(c) 4 8.(a) 6(b) 7(c) 5(d) 4(e) 3(f) 2(g) 1 9.(a) 7(b) 6(c) 4(d) 2(e) 1 10.(a) 4(b) 2(c) 3(d) 5(e) 6(f) 1 Now add up the total number of points. OVER 60 POINTS: Others see you as someone they should "handle with care". You're seen as vain, self-centered, and extremely dominant. Others may admire you, wishing they could be more like you, but don't always trust you, hesitating to become too deeply involved with you. 51 TO 60 POINTS: Others see you as an exciting, highly volatile, Rather impulsive personality, a natural leader, who's quick to make decisions, though not always the right ones. They see you as bold and adventuresome, someone who will try anything once; someone who takes chances and enjoys an adventure. They enjoy being in your company because of the excitement You radiate. 41 TO 50 POINTS: Others see you as fresh, lively, charming, amusing, practical and always interesting, someone who's constantly in the center of attention, but sufficiently well balanced not to let it go to their head. They also see you as kind, considerate, a little too generous at times, and understanding; Someone who'll always cheer them up and help them out. 31 TO 40 POINTS: Others see you as sensible, cautious, careful and practical.They see you as clever, gifted, or talented, but modest. Not a person who makes friends too quickly or easily, but someone who's extremely loyal to friends you do make and who expects the same loyalty in return. Your trust on your friends, but equally that it takes you a long time to get over it, if that trust is ever broken. 21 TO 30 POINTS: Your friends see you as painstaking and fussy. They see you as very cautious, extremely careful, a slow and steady plodder. It would really surprise them if you ever did something impulsive or on the spur Of the moment, expecting you to examine everything carefully from every angle and then usually decide against it. They think this reaction is caused partly by your careful nature. UNDER 21 POINTS: People think you are shy, nervous, and indecisive, someone who needs looking after, who always wants someone else to make the decisions and who doesn't want to get involved with anyone or anything. They see you as a worrier who always sees problems that don't exist. Some people think you're boring. Only those who know you well know that you aren't.

 Others see you as fresh, lively, charming, amusing, practical and always interesting, someone who's constantly in the center of attention, but sufficiently well balanced not to let it go to their head. They also see you as kind, considerate, a little too generous at times, and understanding; Someone who'll always cheer them up and help them out. Aren't I just perfect? :) :) :) (NO!)

 Ahh... I'm just a bit scared cause Blob told her mum she was meeting friends in Nailsea... Is she? I'm very scared now! At least tomorrow's Monday... It's just that she keeps going on about suicide... Come Monday come!

 how is blob gonna no who blob is?????????? Her mum phoned me aswell, i was kind of scared. umm thats all i have 2 say. can u plz put a link on 2 the mr fopple story 4 me. Ta muchly

 Hey thanks! Made badly! It's pink how can some thing pink be bad?! (Just slightly insulted :P) So erm dancing was great fun inearly wet myself? Izzy please translate! Even I don't know what's going on! Ok, so I found a scary web site! urlLink http://www.metapet.net Yeay! Actually it's really scary... you get virtual pets and you can give them drugs! (Wow it's Izzy online!) Sorry Izzy no calpol meanies! Hehe, but it's got more to it than that... I think! Oh apparantly Blob was going to some one's house today and her mum forgot where and phoned me! So if Blob reads this then phone your mum! Hehe, oh Peterborough was fun! Yeah we kind of pratted about a lot! Yeay!

 Rite I have tryed translating it and i think he is insulting our website, becasue it looks like from what i have been doing that these languages: french, Spanish, Italian and portuguese that they all have the word 'made' in them and/or bad and poorly. So i think that he is trying to say that our website was either made badly or made poorly. But then again I may be wrong. Dancing was great fun. inearly wet myself, but anyway. Did you have fun in Peterborough katie??????????????

 Hehe, sorry about that! I just got back from Peterborough today! Yeay! I saw my cousins that I haven't seen for three years and I probably won't see for another three! Aww! I get to see them on Tuesday though, but I still have to go to school! (Soooo unfair!) Hey Emma got the day off to get her dog!!! Ok, so err going into the mall or bristol yesterday sounded like fun... even though I don't get at all what happened! Hehe, and we have weird people viewing our website... wow their are weird people out their apart from us! (What's up with there and their? Aaargh it drives me crazy!) Oook... so I translated the French persons comments and it came out as this: : The mede have ger semi stake have badly? Woohoo! Ahhh... FREAK OUT! So that was either a French person who said some thing in French and it comes out as crap in English who thought they would write it on a English web site... or a very confused Dutchman. Hmm... tough choice!

 BOOO!

 Arghh well major burst of artistic energy this evening, I just felt like sticking a load of stuff to a piece of cardboard and slapping a load of paint over it. Fun. Ok so we messed up these friday shopping plans. Go us! But me and Beki had loadsa fun! Yeah and I've just realised that I'm not gonna get another chance at practising the hurdles before tuesday. Damn it.

 hey there everybody it's me again. the left block looks cool! and if u were wondering about my email adress i was having a weird time. well tommorrow i'm gonna make england cakes cos eveythings gettin far too complicated for me on the whole shoppin-mall-bristol subject. and i am goin to draw a jug from three different angles and then arrange them in a cubist picture.(art homework) and who knows i might even take out a bit of popular people anger!

 Arghhh! Sorting out this bristol thing!! Booooo! Anyway yeah, Habbo Hotel was messing up my computer so I think I'll just leave that... Anyway.... yeah Nargiza's leaving! Awww! And Nargiza is really cool so we should get her a pressie next saturday when we're in Bristol. I'm filling out this report thingie about her and it's really hard! It's kinda based on preaching, and er, she kind of taught us Russian! Oh well, I hope i didn't mess it up toooo much. Note to self - Don't wear Brasil shirt tomorrow. Ok!

 Ooops! Er.. scary! Hehe, I'll just try to wriggle my way out of this one!

 Geez, this is really annoying! I tried to add every one's emails to the left and now the left block's become too big! I've tried about thirty million times to shrink it! Help!

 Ok less mucked up now! ..I hope... (Aaargh! You have no ideas of how many times I've had to repost this to see if I've unmucked it up yet! What's this? About the 7th time!!!)

 Mmm slightly mucked it up then! *Yelps!* Hey, I figured it out, when you're 'popular' then you have to move around friends but when you're not you stick to friends! Ok, ok, so that's a crap excuse for us being sad and unpopular! But hey I'd rather be like this! I don't want to turn into a slut! Seriously though, all the popular (crap I can't spell that!) girls are realllly slutty and flirty! Aaargh! Scary! Plus then we'd actually have to try to be 'cool'! Eek, I'm happy being chilly thank you very much! ;) ;P :) (Weeeeird girl!) Hmm... I'm just happy being sad! Oh yeah, it is annoying when people walk around like they own the place and like they aren't being your friend because they don't want to be your friend! Aaaargh it makes me wanna hit Laura! (Hehe, only joking!) Hmm.... maybe I do need a punch bag! I could get one from Bristol!

 Woohooo! Yeah we get tomorrow off to watch England! Well, actually they planned this before England got into the next phase thingy but hey! They must of been seeing the future ;) Hehe, so any way!!! Mmm... just mucking about with HTMl again so hey shoot me! I'll actually post later...

 heloo everybody tommorrow is friday (thank god) and we have the day off! and for all those people out there who don't, don't cry your turn will come. don't you just hate people who walk round like they own the place (not mentioning any names cos anyone who knows me wil know who i'm talking about or will be able to ask me and also if you don't you won't know them anyway) i personally do. and have been working on ways to keep myself from screamin at them every time i see them bein the bitches that they are. i sure everybody knows at least one person like this so here are some tips to stop you from whackin them round the head every time you see them. 1. beat the crap out of your punch bag regularly (believe me it works) 2. if you don't have a punchbag then any cuddly toy will work as long as you say sorry afterwards 3.shout everything you want to shout at them at thin air pretending they are there (although don't get too carried away else you'll end up kickin the wall *cough*) yeh well i have more but i fear i may be boring you. so i'll shut up now. anyway what ever you are all doing have fun and be happy

 Hey well today I got 50 prat points! We've started this system cause we're all soooo pratty! Well, I tried to give some one my money, and it wasn't Izzy, I think I scared her! and a loaaaad of other stuff! Any way, hey my socks actually don't have holes in them! Wow! But my mum buys me socks like every week! Aaargh! Any way have fun in Bristol, I'll have fun in Peterborough!

 wow it's me again three times in one day! thats more than i've done for the past two weeks or somethin like that. so anyway how r u?whats new in ur life at the moment?get any new pairs of socks recently? i'm depressed cos al of mine have holes in them. well thats life i guess. weell i only hav three things left to say. 1.england are gonna thrash brazil. 2.i love kermit the frog and 3. i'm an idiot which u already knew seein as i said it one thousand times (seriously.)

 GEEZ! We typed a load at school... oh, that was it! Eeek, I thought it was lost! Hehe, hey good newssss! Well, cause I'm kind of anemic (I don't have enough iron) I need to eat healthy food. :( :( :( (That's not good news!) Hey, I'm getting to it! Any way, I have to eat LICORICE PANDAS! Wooohooooooooo! Yeah, I love licorice! and the pandas taste lush! Sorry, slightly happy! Ooh, and I'm doing Grade 4 piano and it's hard! You have to do all this scabby singing and noticing notes and stuff and it's like yeaaah... sure, I can do that *not*. Hehe, but any waaaay! Total madness craze of people going into Bristol! Yeay! Did any one ever have their sanity? Is their such a thing as sanity?

 oh okay just to add somethin to the useless information list- did u know that no piece of paper can be folded more than 7 times? just ignore me. lynnes okehampton email was funny. we have a deal that shes gonna lend me her army boots in exchange for me lettin her borrow my shoes. hee hee! i dunno what i'm on about anymore so i betta go

 checked cool site out star trek ruls the world

 wow i have'nt been on this in ages. i hav to go shoppin and buy socks. serious sock shortage.okay i'll shut up now. mmm pizza hut. okay npot actual pizza hut but the pizzas thay have. okay whateva. well anyway it's only like two weeks until we go tho okehampton which should be fun.oops supposed to be doin other stuff. cant be bothered. we should invite like loadsa people onto this cos that would be funny. but actually then we would'nt be able to talk about them. no we dont do that *coughs and remembers the whole 'flob' incident* that by the was not me. hee hee welll anyway people are starting to notice this and its scary

 hey people I am kinda in an english lesson and my spelling is kinda bad so please forgive me, anyone know a way of waking up early to watch footie, argh help, i gone mad

 I told u that a certain sum1, u all no who i mean would work out how to view this webpage. i'll say more tomorrow!

 Hey, look at this urlLink http://uk.fc.yahoo.com/i/israel.html Sad aye? But they can't solve it with this mindless circle of violence. I mean seriously, this is how it goes: Bomb; Isreali's get mad and take occupy land then back to the beginning. They need to stop and talk about this and stop blaming each other. Deaths get us no where, they just teach us how to mourn.

 Noooo! Our post at school didn't work! Infact it threw us off... Hmm, sinister! Hehe, but I had my tarot cards read (whatever, shoot me, at least I didn't put carrot cards!) and apparantly one of my friends has magical powers and I don't believe in love but I have some strong views on how the world was created... Which is a load of rubbish really! For the record: Izzy is the only one with magical powers, the power to smell the same bad smell every day for one! I do believe in love! I'm not actually that sure about how the world was created... I just some times sound like I do! Mmm, but does any one believe in that 'the stars tell your future?' I don't. I like to think that in some way we are in control of out life, and just cause some puny planet is by our system doesn't mean that some thing bad's gonna happen! It's stupid to me! Seriously! I does any one really care and seriously do things cause of the stars? Weird!!! Geez, that's why some people become anorexic, because they feel that that's the only thing they can control in their lives. I guess I don't want to feel like that!

 Helloooo! Well my computer is SERIOUSLY messed up and poo-diddlie-poo. Anyway, loved your interpretation of the Oakhampton kit list Lynne, thanks for reminding me not to wear one trainer and one plimsoll.

 Just a quicky cause I've gotta have a hair wash, but hey! Check this out! urlLink http://uk.news.yahoo.com/020617/80/d1as1.html Finally some one takes Star Trek seriously! Beam me up Scotty!

 Hey well we're back at school and it's boiling hot! Geez, I'm here sitting in shorts and a short sleved t-shirt! *We like short shorts!* (Shut up!) Hey you two, split it up. Any way, I do give off a bit too much heat any way I guess! It's reached that one hair wash a day time *sigh* ahh, I hate those! Erm, yeah, I'm not crazy I swear! Hmm, I don't feel too well. :( :( :( But I've been on a spending spree at urlLink amazon so that helped. Seriously though, mesa (table?!?!) not feel tooo good. Hey I better go play a game to make me feel better! Eugh, french homework, not good! Today has been fun I guess, totally boring. I recon they're actually trying to kill us in Geography, less people in lessons! Hehe, but we got to see a very scary picture of our tutor with a wig on! Actual hair?! *shock horror!* :O Neighbours is on! Gotta go, love ya all!

 rite I will read that another day! how r u all?

 > > * > > > >Did you know ......... > > * It is impossible to lick your elbow. > > * A crocodile can't stick it's tongue out. > > * A shrimp's heart is in their head. > > * People say "Bless you" when you sneeze because when you sneeze, > > * > > > our heart stops for a mili-second. > > * It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky. > > * A pregnant goldfish is called a twit > > * Between 1937 and 1945 Heinz produced a version of Alphabetti > > * > > > Spaghetti especially for the German market that consisted > > * > > > solely of little pasta swastikas. > > * In average, a human being will have sex more than 3,000 times > > * > > > and spend two weeks kissing in their lifetime. > > * More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or > > * > > > received a telephone call. > > * Rats and horses can't vomit. > > * The "sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick" is said to be the > > * > > > toughest tongue twister in the English language. > > * If you sneeze too hard, you can fracture a rib. If you try to > > * > > > suppress a sneeze, you can rupture a blood vessel in your head > > * > > >or neck and die. > > * If you keep your eyes open by force, they can pop out. > > * Rats multiply so quickly that in 18 months, two rats could have > > * > > > over million descendants. > > * Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria > > * > > > in your ear by 700 times. > > * If the government has no knowledge of aliens, then why does > > * > > > Title 14, Section 1211 of the Code of Federal Regulations, > > * > > > implemented on July 16, 1969, make it illegal for U.S. citizens to have any > > * > > > contact with extraterrestrials or their vehicles? > > * In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere. > > * The cigarette lighter was invented before the match. > > * Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for > > * > > > dating are already married. > > * A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why. > > * 23% of all photocopier faults worldwide are caused by people > > * > > > sitting on them and photocopying their buttocks. > > * In the course of an average lifetime you will, while sleeping, > > * > > > eat 70 assorted insects and 10 spiders. > > * Most lipstick contains fish scales. > > * Cat's urine glows under a black-light. > > * Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different. > > * Over 75% of people who read this will try to lick their elbow. Sorry, couldn't resist copying this off of a chain mail! Wow, actual interesting junk? I think so...

 So hey! I survived both weddings! Actually it was looooads of fun! Both of them had bars, so every one was happy! The first one I went to had a load of fruit, cheese and bread! So we were pigging out of strawberries! The place it was at was soooo lush! They hired out the whole downstairs so we could go every where! Then the people brought out real food and I started pigging out on lush sausages! Rick kept eating bread, lots of it! Oooh, it was really nice and I loved Sarah's dress, she made it herself and it had all these fiddily beads every where. That was really nice, and we actually met David! (Sarah's now husband) cause we hadn't met him before. Sarah and David met at a bus stop! And then Sarah placed this add in a 'I saw you' thingy in the paper. Aww, isn't that just perfect? The second wedding we went to was Dan and Karen's and they've know each other for 10 years! Since they were 12!!! Wow! Hehe, my brother gave Dan the middle of the tardis thingy! (The console!) Hehe, I don't think Karen will be too happy. She had a lush dress too, it was massive! Eugh, I've gotta do washing up now... :( :( :(

 i got that off some website somewhere and i thoght that insted of sending it to everyone i would post it on her so thanx http:/www.fungoround.com and we won the footie perhaps we will win. Please don't bite my head off.

 There is no such thing as a bad hug, only good ones and great ones. They are nonfattening and they don't cause cancer or cavities. They are all natural, with no preservatives or artificial ingredients. They are nontaxable and a renewable resource. They are 100% wholesome and no batteries or tune-up needed. They are safe in all kinds of weather. In fact, they are very good in cold or rainy weather. They are effective in treating problems, like bad dreams and Monday blahs. When you give a hug, you always get one right back. Never wait till tomorrow to give a hug, send one right now!!

 Ok! So I'm back! Sorry, I had to watch the football game! 3 - 0 to England! Yeeeay! That was good! Aargh, I've gotta go to two weddings! Wearing a black dress... hmm, funeral? Oh well *sigh* my mum just came back from a actual wedding, I'm going to the do's later. She wore this hat, and she wrapped a green scarf around it just so she could take her green furry hand bag! Which kind of looks like a green cat if you squint! Mmm, so any way, sorry I'm shopping on amazon again. I'm kind of addicted to it! Oh, you mean a link to downloading ricochet or whatever? Stupid girl, go get it off kazaa.

 Errr, what link? Eeek dinner, type more later bubi!

 I'm in a stress with my junk mail. I also have Laura H round and she is driving me crackers!! I luv her really. :) So No ones particually happy. Oo Oo did you all see eastenders, Trevors going down. At last!!!! Sorry but thank goodness hes gonna actually pay for what he did to little Mo.

 Woooooh well thanks katie, but you didnt give us a link! Great! Anyway, had loads of fun cringing as Katie freaked out everyone on my msn list... and as we made a cool chatroom called "If you don't know where to go...go here!" its on msn.co.uk, look for it! I think it's under "teen". It rules. No one went on it - yeah!!! Wow, the best thing to do is abstract art on paint. Just doing anything!! It's so much fun! You just do a load of random stuff, select areas, copy and paste them and invert the colours and add text and - ahhh! I've just found my favourite thing to do on the computer. It's even better to do it to music. Wow.

 Sliggghtly pissed off at myself! Don't ask why, you don't want to know! Any way, Valvados (or whatever) type stuff cause I think every one thinks you're dead! Any way, every one download this game: Ricochet because it's very cool! You can get beheaded and stuff! Which is soooo cool! Yeay! Hehe, so basically it's a me type of game! :) :) :) I'm very happy cause I get to see my cousins in a bit! Yeeeay! Oh, and every one watch the footie tomorrow! Hey, I have to go to four weddings so I should be reaaaaly tired by the end of the day! What is it about tomorrow? I've been invited to two weddings, a barbecue, to do something with people and to watch footie! Aaargh! Eeek, any way about junk mail. I think they should be banned from sending it to us unless we give them our consent because they're basically harassing us! So their! Take that! Yeah... that showed them...

 So I'm happy happy thismorning. It hurts when I walk becasue I got stuck in a bog pit and wacked my hip on a rock. And apparently its meant to be fun, but if thats some peoples idea of fun, then they can carry on and do it. (Strange people) I absolutly stand of Odur de Mour end Spout aswell, which is not very pleasant, and I was very hungry and thirsty. But is was *cough* *cough* Yeah great fun???*cough* *cough*

 Ok, don't panic but some one got on this through searching for... 'cheese dictionary' heeey they taking a trip to the moon or some thing? But seriously, cheese dictionary? (I bet that isn't spelt right, please don't kill me!) Can you speak cheesish, is it a real language or does some one want to know all the cheeses in the world? Has some one really been sad enough to find out all the cheeses! Aaah too many questions swimming round the gunk in my head! Sorry... just trying to spread some random thoughts!

 Ok! Editing spree over! Oh and I was getting kind of Izzy cause it's that time! Eeek, I hope you understand code! Or... maybe I don't. But any way, I'm less pissed now but my fuse is still short! Hehe, angry Katie = not good! Any way, I'm getting a bit angry with every one in our class judging us! I mean if we say some thing then they go and do their 'talking about it' thing. Why are girls so bitchy? So that's why I'm happy with my ear turned off! Boys fight stuff out, and come of with it but girls go all cagey and bitch behind peoples back. Wow, isn't that nice? Mmm... ok, so maybe I am still a tiny bit angry. Oooh get well soon Laura! Cause she was kind of half dead today, she was going through this crazy "I feel sick" then "I feel hungry" thing today! WEIRD! Any way, funny thing for today! This boy in our class found some panty liners in his bag! Don't ask why but he did! And every one was laughing at him, and then a boy stuck one on the wall and some one was trying to walk out with one but Mr Kelly took it off him! Teehee! Then Mr K dropped it in front of a female teacher and every one started laughing! Oh madness days!

 So we aer all happy happy then. I totally agree with you about *Flob* (NOTE: Edited for... erm, reasons....) She was doing my head in. If she hadn't sat there Izzy and I could have had such a good argument. Grrrrrrr. So we are into the next round of the world cup. I've been watching that guns and roses thing again. It was the last one, because it was only a two part series. Oh well I'll just have to go back to playing on the internet on wednesday night now then. Right I'm going to go and play now. O and I agree with all that you said about *Flob* I hope that shes not clever enough to work out how to use our profiles.

 So heheeeeey hahaaaa! Sorry about me being all moody in maths, it's just that I was getting really pissed off with *Flob*! I mean GOOOOD! First she invites herself to sit with us, and then Izzy says about going to sit with Emma cause she was all alone and *Flob* was like "Oh well, ok I don't really like her" so she took Izzy's seat! Then she goes and starts bugging me about pratically letting her copy my homework which I spent hours on, and I said no so she started saying "I'll pay you money." I'm sorry but I'm not some kind of whore you know. Well ok, I know she wasn't asking for that, but their's no way I'll do any thing for money and it just pisses me off when some one tries it on me. (Can I breathe now?) NO! Any way, sorry, ok breathe moral rant over! (*Inhales deeply*) Ahh, better. Any hoo I think I need Saturday!!! I NEED SATURDAY! Hey can some one contact the calender guy and ask him to change tomorrow from a Thursday to a Saturday, because I want Saturday and we have a load of homework for Thursday!!! Oooh, and England drew 0 - 0 which means that we're going through! But we've only scored 2 goals so far and the next thing's a knock-out thing so we might not get very far. Score more goals! Go England!

 Yeaaah! Hey what's the prize? MONEY?!!! Hehe, I'm not that obsessed with having money ya know, some people are though! Oh dear, now I'm doubting my spelling of prize... Eeeek, I need help! I think Fathers day is on Saturday by the way! Ooooh... we should ask every one... or should we? Hmm, some one think about it! Any way I don't think I'll get a light sabre, cause yeah fun, but trash. I would never use it and it would be stored away, forever preserved as a waste of plastic. I'm gonna get some manga instead! :) :) :) Just oh-so slightly obsessed with that at the moment! Soooo what's every one else obsessed with? Am I losing my touch with obsession cause I don't know?! Well I recon that what you were saying about Rosie is erm interesting. Lynne said that Rosie is jelous of our 'kiddyness' ooh, fun! She's in a pretty bad way though if she's had an over dose and basically - been completely screwed. Any hoo, me and Izzy were thinking about some thing! :O :O :O I know! It's so rare it's gotta be interesting! (Geez, if that isn't the lamest sales gimic in the world!) Yeah, I know. On a dark stormy day.... (!) Hey! Any way, their's this guy, Bob. He's convinsed that he's in a coma, every thing revolves around him and what he wishes for happens. He's convinsed that he's all powerful and every one will do what he wants. Bob gets bored with this, he wants to go back to the real world! He wants to find out all the real things... see real things... (God! Crap Queen! Just dragging it on a litttttttle bit, aren't you?) Okay, okay, so cutting the sentimental crap: One day he decides to take his life, he's bored with (Grrr...) erm, chocolate... so he jumps off a cliff. Unlukly (shoot me) for him, he was in the real world, but he miraculously hits his head instead of dying and goes into a coma. He then believes that the coma world is totally real because the real world was the coma world for him! Interesting thought, aye? (No... not really) Ok... I know when I'm not wanted! '( (Heeeeheee angry dude!) Any way... *sob sob* Bubi!

 Kes can you remember that poem you wrote about blob (the one that made me cry) , well there is a competion called poetry in print and I think you should enter it into it.

 Hi again! Well my computers alright so far, anyway yeah, about Bristol, my missions are, Fathers day! Eeek, it might be on saturday but I'm pretty sure it's on Sunday. Which would sound better - "I think" or "I hope" ? Anyway yeah, also - I want to get me one of those blue superman t-shirts (not a sluttly pink one) and I might go crazy and get a light sabre from The Entertainer if they have them! Yay!

 Helloo! Well er, the dentist was erm, fun... I had to have an injection :( and i survived! Woohoo! Cause my teeth are really weird, and he had to shape some of them and fill them so that food doesn't get really stuck :( and they're ok now! Only prob is, the anesthetic lasts for erm, 3 hours, so basically one side of my mouth is totally numb and i can't actually move it! It's also affecting my nose! Eww this is pretty wierd. Right I haven't finished but I'm gonna post this anyway cos I know my computer will crash any moment now...

 Thank you Izzy! Well I got a PS2 which every one probably knows by now... and I'm gonna get FFX on Saturday! Sorry, but I've got every thing planned out in my head. :P It's a crazy little world in their! Hey! I got the Road to Eldorado!!! Which I'm obsessed with! What have I seen it about 5 times already? But it's still soooo good! How old am I? 3... err yeah... 3. Hehe but I had a reaaaaly great birthday! Yeay! We gotta go shopping on Saturday though so I can expand my weirdness. Don't ask. It just sounded cool at the time... like most things.

 Wahey!! Happy Un-Birthday to everyone but Katie! Oh yeah and Happy Birthday Katie.... But anyway - Happy Birthday!!! Hope you got loadsa nice pressies :D And watch the video we got you!!!

 Well hello. I go away on holiday for 1 week and all hell brakes lose. Well I know i can trust you all now. Soo anything exciting happen. oooo One thing 2 say ENGLAND 1 ARGANTINA 0!!!!!!! he he!!

 Incompetant, heeey what do you know? I think that's the right spelling *claps* well done Izzy! So hippdididihoo! Yeay! It's my party today and my birthday tomorrow! Yeaaaaay! Oh and erm guys... err we have a load of weird things to do! Also, guess what's in the middle of the pass-the-parcel cause Izzy did a rock for her party but I think my presents waaay better! But you have to guess what it is cause it's a fun way to annoy Izzy! :) :) :) Yeay! I'm happy! I'm getting some manga for my birthday! Yeay! Oh Laura could you *cough* bring *cough* your *cough* water *cough* guns please? Heheee, we can soak every one! (You've got a bad cough their) Heheeee! Sorry I just go a bit hyper around birthdays, any ones birthday! So happy birthday to me with a cherry on top! Bubi I have to go get ready and slap some mud on my face!

 Arghhh! My stupid computer!! I typed THEEEEE longest blog and it went nd crashed and now I've forgotten half of it and don't have the energy anyway. Is it just me or am I totally incompetant? (Check the spelling on that one.)

 What's this I see? An actual original fun website with a cool game? Nooooo! Has the internet actually been struk with originality and coolness or am I just listening to my cereal too much? Will I ever shut up? No, probably not. But then, I'm me and if I shut up I wouldn't be me. (...?) Ok, ok, I'll put the link in. urlLink http://www.yomgaille.com/bordel/kittens/ Happy now? Have a nice day and don't eat too many frogs!

 Helooo! Laura's back and every one's back to doing nothing... again! Yeay! Oooh, Thursday! Woohoo! Only a few days till ym party and my birthday! Yeay! I'm sooo happy! I would be happier if it was boiling hot and not threatening rain though! Hmm... but were in England though and that's close to impossible! Do you remember doing sun dances in year 2? Hmm... scary! Eeeek! But seriously, we did a load of scary things when we were kids. *gags laura and izzy* Ahhh... better... Hey has any one got a sledge hammer? I need to hit my ear cause it's gone again and i can't hear any thing! Apart from the bubbling gunk... which is kind of unnerving cause it never goes quiet. Hmm... some one blog! I'm boring!

 So hey what's up with every one not posting? Hmm, weird people! And ooowchie! My foot really hurts cause my sandles gave me a big shiny blister. :( :( :( Oooh, why do none of my shoes fit! Well I am like size 8 or some thing admazingly ridiculous, but it's really annoying! My fingers and toes are too long! Eugh, enough of moaning, I'll save it for my mum so she'll get me new shoes! Any way, did any one watch Ireland v Germany today? I did! It ended up as 1 all but Ireland were playing waaay better and deserved to win! Yeah! Go Ireland! So any way, seeing as we're totally rubbish at football and we're gonna win (England) who should we back now? The little green men? Yeah, maybe some other random place though! Yeay! Hehe, who would think that every one cares about a little game so much? Ok, so that's why no one's blogged. Nothing to blog about! Hmm... oh yeay! My birthday on the 9th! I think I've said that about one million times already though! I'm gonna go... do Mr Fopple! Yeah! Even though I'm totally stuck! Oh well, bubi!

 Oh, go here: urlLink http://www.divxmovies.com/ DivX let's you view DVD's you download off of the net or something... Hehe, it's true, Star Wars hit the net before it hit the movies! My brother saw it on the net! MUHAHAHA! Power to illegal net users! Woohooo!

 Yeay! Well it is tomorrow... and every one's gone! I watched that Jubilee thingy too, I watched both concerts and they seemed to be obsessed with singing "Love" by the Beatles. Apart from they didn't, they just sang "Love, love, love" about fifteen million times and if I her it one more time then I think I might shoot myself! (Don't get any ideas people!) Did you know that the rock concert was broadcast to thirty countries and twenty million people watched it! It was soooo good! (Well, the old fogies were!) Oh, and whooooopie! S Club 7 are apparantly splitting up! (So there is a god after all!...) Haha, as you can see I'm very upset about that. ;) ;) ;) And every one should check this out urlLink http://www.dictionary.com/search?q=eccentricity%20 Hmm... now does that word remind you of any thing or any one? Hey! Stop looking at me!!! Another weird thing that we became obsessed with in Spanish is this website: urlLink http://www.hotelparquesur.com/ Of course we didn't learn any thing, but hey it's fun and oooooh! IT HAS A VIRTUAL TOUR! Yeay! Oh but it's got this freaky sign thingy if you look all the way down! Have fun looking around the rooms guys! (Maybe I shouldn't of said that...)

 Oh god not another chapter. Well I've spent the last few hours watching the Jubilee (can't spell) which was extremely funny, did you see the Quen thing? That was good except what was with all those drag queens? Anyway - WOOHOO! After hours of trying i have finally managed to put my hair using chopsticks! And it looks artisticly messy! Or so I keep telling myself... Yeah I know my spellchecker's bad, but that's hotmail for you. Soooooo tomorrow! Woopee - Loadsa people coming!

 Oh and today, hmm today, ooh toooday! So today we went bathroom tiles shopping! Oh yeah! And I had to pick up all the heavy tiles and stuff... eugh, boring. Oh wait, I watched a load of TV! Ok, so maybe that's a lie, I sat around the house doing nothing! Happy now?! AAARGH! I seriously need to get out of here, holidays always make me go crazy and then when I actually see real people I go all crazy and hyper! What's every one doing tomorrow? Oh wait, I've gotta go to a BBQ for the Queen's jubilee, fun aye? Eugh. Any way I'm gonna do a phone around now so I can arrange something for Tuesday so bubi!

 Yeah well you did, and hey you're spell checkers crap! I had to spend ageeeeeees getting it to work but I did! Oh, and it's uploaded, but fanfiction's totally bugger-all at the moment so it might not of worked! Aaargh! Hey and I've started the next chapter! ...and so the madness continues...

 Ok I have done Mr.Fopple and just realised how short it is! I'm spellchecking it and it's taking ages so it'll get to you in about a year or two.

 Haha Auf Weindersen was sooo funny, anyway, yeah shopping, sure er - if i have any money left, from er..spending it on nothing...Anyway! All I'm saying is - you'd better like it! Anyway, you can't complain seeing as you and Laura got me some, er...interesting birthday presents last year! No, er they were great... Well er Brendan had his first tooth out today! And he managed to swallow it in his lunch and realised that it had come out a bout 3 hours later! Wow Vinnie - idiot of the year award - putting your mobile number on the net, yeah!

 Oooh, one more point I forgot about on my last blog IZZY HURRY UP WITH MR FOPPLE OK?! Thank you! :) :) :) (I'm an angel really ;) )

 Stops being weird? Lol, sorry Vinnie. And hey don't you like the text colour? I doooo! Bit too many like's in your last blog! Geez, sounding like some bad sitcom. Yeah, I'll just find a few people to kidnap so we can go in. Me sa not very happy. My dad's ill and he's going to the hospital. :( :( :( Hmm... I need to feel happy again! So is any one gonna do any thing tomorrow? Geez isn't urlLink racingfrogs.com a bit dodgey? It's just trying to get money out of you for nothing! Don't be fooled! Oh and Laura would you like some manga for you birthday because I'm going a bit mad... Yeah... Need to... Do something! Hehe, geez can some one put down some thing to think about cause I've got nothing to focus on and my mind keeps going for walks!

 Wow, ummm I'll come with your Katie, as long as someone else is with us, because liek it'll like ........ if not. Whats your mob #? Mine is 07813743082, people text me! Wow, Monica Selest beat this like ummm...... I forgot. *Stops being weird*

 wow wee bye bye

 Hey... I'm just scaring myself by doing some freaky short cuts but any way... my and my mum just had an online shopping spree! Yeay! Power to the plastic! Hey Izzy, you better finish Mr Fopple! Oh and happy holidays every one! What are you all doing? I'm doing nothing! But seriously, any one wanna go shopping in Bristol on Tuesday? Phone me! Some one... geez where is every one any way? Probably gone to the moon or some thing... without me!!! So any way... what was this about the present that you haven't got me? Oh god, I'll have to practise my "Oh my god why the hell did you get me that?" face then won't I?! Hehe, I'm soooo nice! Well any way, I have to go watch Auf Wiedersen, Pet (hey I'm not German and I don't do German so shhhh!) So gotta go! Have a nice holiday and keep on treking... geez I'm getting freaked out at the moment, maybe it is time to run away! Bisi!

 Woooow well i did absolutely nothing today....honest...*nudges Laura* anyway....someone's birthday soon, can't quite remember who's, but oh well....

 Hey I just added a I love milk thing! Listen to Saves the Day - You Vandal, it's good!

 Mmm, but Serena Williams beats every one. She wears the coolest things too! But the one thing that I hate about tennis is that you have to wear mini skirts so you can move! I'm soooo happy that I suck at tennis and I don't have to I think I might die otherwise!

 Nah, this is really just a diary type thingy.Wow Serena Williams jst beat this woman in athrilling match at Roland Garros, tune in Eurosport! I go to FFonline, Seripha, MSN, Eyes on Tennis, Le mOnde Du Spam, BWGameBoards for chating.

 AARGH! *kicks the template*

 No, not really Emma, it's just to post stuff, so any way I am now! Sorry, I had to go downstairs and then I had to muck around with the template that totally went then!

 can you talk to people on line with this?

 heloooooo!!!

 katie are you there?

 Whoops! I think I angered it!

 hi eveyone is r u ok ?

 Hey, I'm just mucking around with the template...

 Yeah like... ROSIE and people. *COUGH* (I don't think anyone noticed!) So... hah! This is funny, you know Chris my brother's friend? Well here's there band's webby, they wouldn't let my brother in cause he lead guitarist was jelous or something! urlLink http://www.lifesentence.freewire.co.uk/ Oh and then their's the Mr Zippy (a band) web site and my brother knows them too! Hehe, it's funny to see them so serious though! urlLink http://www.mrzippy.co.uk/ So any way... I got up really late today then had a "Oh my god what to wear" thing, but I'm ok now! (Yeah, I am wearing something!) Mmm better change the thought! Oh and Valvados I haven't blocked you! No one's blocked! I just sign out when I go on this so people don't bug me! We have to go shopping in Bristol ok?! Hey I'm gonna go shop on Amazon cause I've got 15 to spend from people... so they don't have to give me money! Aha! Manga here I come!

 Hehehe, I sent Hassall a birthday card with a pink bunny rabbit with balloons and a rainbow in the backround! Just his sort of thing, isn't it? Ohhh the plastacine thing was sooo much fun! It looked really dumb! My mum loved it and wanted to watch it again and again (strange). Well it looks like it might end up just being me, you and Claire tomorrow - oh well!

 So today was fun! We did model animation as a summer course at Backwell School. Izzy was the oldest there! (Mentally and physically!) Hehe, not really.... well I'm not sure about the mental side! It was sooo much fun, but the guy running it was so sexist! The pig! He kept going on about how all the boys would want to destroy things and the girls like to do flowers. So on ours, we destroyed every thing. ;) Well we had to show him didn't we? Hehe! It was me, Izzy, this girl, a guy called Ben and another guy called Joe. I yapped to Ben and Joe loads (well what else would I do?) We talked about erm... locking some one in a locker and stuff. (Highly technical) They were fun! They go to Backwell though. Oh, we got a video of what we did! It's funny! A whole day for two and a half minutes of moving plasticine! Aaargh! Oh well, it was work it!

 I got an e-mail called 'RE: I will cheat on mmy husband with you'! Does the words 'bugger off' mean any thing to these people? I also got an e-mail from Neopets, apparantly I lost my password and was trying to find it out - in English some one tried to hack me. What a dumb ass, that's a dumb way to hack, hell that's not even hacking! Learn how to hack guys! Yeay I'm playing games! (Well that's a change.) Heeey! It's fun! Hehe, I'll talk about today later, this is kind of pointless and it might ruin that!

 Me too! So hey I found the coolest web site! With the coolest and funniest games! I got to smash up a bedroom *sob sob* I've always wanted to do that! (Wow, great aim in life huh?) And now I'm sumo wrestling with sandwiches! Yeay! urlLink http://www.nabiscoworld.com/ Fuuuun! Trust me, it is! Hehe, oooh yeah like you haven't got a thing! Every one's got a thing! ...I think... *clueluess* (What's a thing...?) I'm not quite sure, Izzy seemed to know! Hehe... wow I won sumo wrestling! (I'm so good!) Hmm... who thinks we should practise our tribal dancing to intimidate people dance? Who thinks I need to learn how to spell? (Thousands of hands shoot up) *sweatdrop* Erm... ok... DANCING LESSONS YEAY! Hehe... tomorrow's gonna be fun! Oooh, meet up on Thursday guys? See the Crocodile film! (I feel sorry for you, I'm not gonna shut up about it even after I've seen it!) Wow! Mini mini golf! Sorry, I'm on a hyper happy streak! I'm armed and I'm happpy! Ok, ok, I'm going! Quit being depressed! Bubi!

 Katie, lets get this straight, I havent got a "thing"! Its just that my job is so boring that when I actually talk to someone at work, or when something funny happens its like - wow! Thats why you hear about it all the time! (Stupid girl) Sooooo - today was fun, me and Emma bought incredibly cool hats and got lots of stares. Tomorrow could be scary in a fun kinda way! I'm buying a blank tape from "Oscar" ! Ok....

 Hey so any way how is every one? I'm going on a mad hunt for Izzy cause otherwise I'm gonna have to take the bus! Fun! Well see you guys bubi!

 NOOO! Hey Izzy I neeeed to contact youuu! Where are you?

 Ok... back into oh my god that's sad mode! Ok so I was reading this story and oh my god that was sad! If you haven't cried and needed to then when you cry you cry it all. Another deep and meaningful thing, but sad. Hmm... I could go into all this stuff about why I do stuff but that's just down right depressing! When I was younger I thought that it was me versus the world because of... stuff so I guess that's why I was all quiet and must do good in school when I was younger, I guess that's why I can't be bothered some times, to look good for other people but I still care. *breathes* Deep and meaningful enough? Mmm... maybe. Geez, I'm gonna go all spiritual now, aargh this spiritual music that my brother has downloaded just annoys me. Aww, isn't it tight, today was my dad's 'day off' but he went into work any way! They work him too hard! I'm gonna go kill people on FFX even though I died! (sob sob) Must... kill... Seymour! (Or however you spell it) Ok... time to go, seriously, before the cats try and eat me cause I haven't fed them bubi!

 Redundant? YOU'VE BEEN FIRED?!?! Hehe, not really. Oooh, you and you friend aye? (Izzy's got a thing for him!) Hey, I am annoying. I'm that pet chiwawa that you love to hate... Actually, I'ld rather not be a chiwawa, those things yap waay too much and they smell! (That is not me! Don't say any thing!) Mmm... very weird. This police siren kind of kept going half off then stopping. Maybe the SWAT team doesn't want me to know that they're here. :D Who want's to be serious? Their's a time a place for every thing and serious has to be saved for very special occasions! Trust me I should now. (Oooh, deep and meaningful aye?) Hehe, I love doing that. Saying things and getting every one to pick what they want out of it. Every one interperits things in different ways, like if I said: You've never been hurt like I've been hurt... Ok, so that could err be dodgey but I wouldn't say that! (You're in a hole and you're falling deeper fast) Eeek, I always dig myself into holes. Bit hyper cause I'm bored and it's total silence in my house cause it's only me here! Bubi!

 Ok well I feel redundant, cos I went to the shop this morning and the person who's round I was supposed to be covering showed up! Doh! It was funny though cos another newsie-person took my paperbag with keys and money in it by accident, and me and my scary friend had to go out on our bikes and find him so i could get my bag back and go home! And I've spent the rest of today doing nothing....woopeee-doooooo...tra-la-laaaaa pom-pom twiddlie-woddle...

 Hmm... poor Izzy! But hey, if you go out, you go out with style! Hehe... how's a parcle bomb? Bit over the top maybe? Oh well! But hey Izzy, you must be getting loads of money from this! I'm gonna go scrub mold off of bath tyles for money! (Sigh, reduced to that!) Oh well, I don't care, so long as I'm helping. Today every one's leaving me alone with my grandpa and great aunt. We're probably gonna spend the whole day either watching cricket or going to the pub! Fun! Well I'm reading some thing so bubi!

 Oh god! I've spent like, all week with HER! Sympathy, PLEASE! I'm pooed off cos this week have do do a weekday round in the mornings! Arghhh! I am getting seriously pissed off with this job! No one else will do the extra rounds, so the guy at the shop always expects me to do them, and I always end up having to. Smell. I've been doing it for a ear and a half now, so you can see why I'm just a little fed up. I'm gonna see if I can find something different. But it is kinda fun though, me and my newsie-friends were playing with the musical greetings cards in the shop today, there was one that played "macerina" amd we were all (three of us!!) standing in the middle of the shop doing the macerina, until Simon (ownie-type-guy) came along and told us off. :(

 Mmm... BBQ! Yeay! Slight obsession with them at my house at the moment. I looove the smell of bonfires! Don't you? (Geez, talk about random!) Hey, that wasn't... much... You know, BBQ = fire, bonfire = fire, fire = fire so BBQ = bonfire! Ok, ok, so it worked in my head! (Every thing works in my head) Really it does! Pink bunny rabbits live in harmony along side cool killing machines that make 'pe-ch-ow' sounds! (Uhuh...) Ok, I really shouldn't share what's inside my head should I? BBQ time! Bubi!

 Thursday: Cinema defiantly! Hey, I'm going on the 5th for 2 weeks ok Izzy? Ahh, twas fun we went bowling today! I won this today from one of those grabbing machines... (?) for 25p! Wow huh?! Yeah cool! And... guess what? I'm spider man! I got my face painted and now I look... well stupid as normal but I'm spider man people! S-P-I-D-E-R M-A-N! (I'm sure they know how to pronounce it) Well I don't know how to spell so HA! (That doesn't work!) Owchie, I need to itch but I can't! One good thing about having a red face is that is covers for you if you go read! I'm ready to take on the world now! And oooh I won bowling! :P We also went on scary shooting games! God, the Juarassic Park one is soooo scary! Izzy left me all alone on it! :'( We also went on the stupid rowing one that we were rubbish on! We got nowhere! Owchie... has any one written on a book about how to scratch you face if it's covered in face paint that you don't want to smudge? Thought not... worth a try though! (Not really...) So how is every one? Well... I've seen Izzy every day for like ages... AAARGH! Get me out of here! So hey, every one tell me when you're coming back from holiday or going ok? Did any one else get this weird video thing from Berti...? Just thought I'd ask bubi!

 Hellooo! What was with all those weird texts on the way home, katie? (scary) Anyway...power to the shorts...kind of. Sooo Laura if you're here, wave!! We don't know when you're coming back (if you're even going) so we don't know when to give you your pressie! Would you like it on your birthday (if you're going to be here) without Katie, or another day with both of us? Arghh! Well I'm off on the 3rd of Augie and coming back the day before your birthday, and I think Katies going on the 5th (???) and coming back god knows when... How stupid - why don't I just text you!? You're probably not going to read this until you get back! *smacks forehead* Arghhhh... I am almost totally booked up for this week - Sunday:Bowling, Monday:Does anyone wanna come ice-skating? Tuesday:Emma Bisacre's, Wednesday:Animation course, Thursday:Cinema?, Friday:??? (packing?) Saturday: Eastboure! (woo-diddlie-hoo)

 Hidiho! So heeey! I went round Izzy's house today! (Nooo!) Hehe, it was fun! We.. err... wrapped Beki's birthday present... (Good cover) Why thank you. I mean, err, oh well. But hey, Laura? You've got some damn freaky presents! Ha! Sucker! (Geez if I get freaky stuff for Laura then what will she get me...?) Scary! :'( I'm wearing shorts! I looked like such a idiot walking through Nailsea with shorts on, but my mum told me it would be warm! Last time I trust my mum's weather advice! I'm gonna go soak in some lard now bubi.

 Hey again I'm just taking up the flooble, what can I say? I tried to diet but it didn't work out. :P Madddd! Hehe, my computer's sooo slow at the moment. I'm actually typing this but it's coming out in white... freaky, it's cause I type too fast. Plus the fact that my computer's probably had some weirdness rubbed off on it over the years. Yow it bit me! (See what I mean?) Oh, it's slow cause I'm copying a Goldfinger cd, hmm... maybe I should not do any thing while it's doing it so I don't anger the computer... Nah! Eeek, I'm going. It's kind of freezing then unfreezing at the moment! Bubi!

 So hey. Ahh... I need to scream. Doesn't every one? Sorry about the short blog but I was all hyper and I needed to do things, but now I'm all mellow so this is gonna be one long blog. That is if I get some moral thing to rant about... Hmm... Have you tried Harry Krishna? Hehe, sorry, stuck in muppet world for a moment then! What's every one been doing? Can we go to the cinema to see that Crocodile film on Tuesday or Wednesday? Whatever suits every one but I prefer it to be Wednesday cause my mum's off on Tuesday. Aargh, my brother gets his GCSE results back some time! Eeek, scary! It's either gonna be celebration time or his social life going down the pan. Aww, poor flatrik. Hey that was Izzy that thought of that name! Was it? Or was it some other weird person... (Not that I'm surrounded by weird people or any thing.) I recon the last people in Big Brother should boycott it and both of them walk out just before they read out the winner or some thing. Hehe, that would be funny! But Laura would probably start crying... and no one would do that because of all the money you win. *sigh* It's all about the money nower days isn't it? Money to greed. The base of evil. Hey, I'm sorry I guess I read too many books and watch too many cartoons! Or... I'm just weird... Yeah, I'm weird. And now... On to taking over the world with this banana! (...I don't see a banana...) Visualise man! Ok, I'm going! Bye bye!

 Hisi! So today I saw Goldmember! It was okay I guess... very weird! Aargh, it's scary I'm actually doing some thing every day! Tomorrow we might be going to the Downs in Bristol. My Dad's going on a boat trip tomorrow! (Random yup!) With my Uncle and other random people! My Uncle owns a boat... but my Dad's only been on one of these boating things once before! I think I've been on it before... all I remember was the horror at having to wear these bright red massive life jackets! Eww, FASHION HORROR! Not that I know any thing about fashion... I'm wearing a string top with trousers! Ah, yes, a bright pink top. (AHH! The mental image! I'm scarred for life!) Hey, you're on me you know! That sounds dodgey... gotta go cause my Dad's doing a BBQ bubi!

 heloo, where is everybody today? on the moon i guess. Katie you sound incredibly hyper! bristol sounds like it might have been a little scary. i spent the day going to plymouth and coming back again. i miss thistle. she only went yesterday but i missed her trying to eat my feet as i went downstairs this morning. ooo i could do stuff tommorrow (saturday) if anybody wanted to. i have to pack this evening. ('to get it out the way') so i'm free. i'm quite scared about this present. but i'm sure i'll love it if it's weird and freaky. (a bit like me really) dont say anything. it's the big brother final today. (self-confessed big brother freak over here) alex soooo has to win. yey holiday on sunday! have nice holidays if i dont see you before.

 Hey, well Birstol was cool...in a scary kinda way! Mike was constantly moaning and feeling sick and there were plenty of good old awkward silences. Ohhh be afraid, Laura! We went just a little mad on the present thing... heh heh... *runs* Oh dear katie's on an emotional high - it wasn't me!

 Hey, I'm cool, I'm going on foxkids chat! Hey! I'm bored ok? ...Hehe, wonder if you can kill people on this thing! Damn it, stuck on 70%! Whoopsie... angry brother! Eeek! Run kiddies! I KNOW 70% AAARGH! Hmm... this thing needs a whack. *KERPLUMP* (Don't ask, it sounds cool! Well... it does to me, and I'm a bit weird...) Ok, so I gave up on it, hey, 70 isn't my number. 851... (no, you don't wanna know that) is my number! Okay, hand up! Who fed me sugar? Mmm... I'm quite moody actually... back to depressed! YEAY! Oh, happy again. *sigh* As much as I'm sure you want to know about my mood swings and my life (*COUGH*) I better go do some thing! Toodles!

 So hey! This is a more indepth blog... whatever that means! Any way, I walked home and it was scary! All ye groupies were out and some one actually tried to talk to me... well their group did. I was like mentally going 'you dare do any thing to me and i swear i will rip your head off and shove it into you cold lifeless body' ...hehe... I think they got it telepathicly. When I walk I look really stressy and walk quickly on purpose - so people will leave me alone... doesn't always work. (Damn) Maybe I should look really happy and skip, then people would definatly leave me alone! Ok, so I guess I am a bit antisocial kind of leave me alone like. Hey, it's not as if people try! I overly do some times and it just ends up in a awkward mess. *shivers* Eugh, note to self: don't freak people out. That's my point in life though! (Freaked huh? Me too!) I love ska. :D It's all happy and jumpy! And makes me go hyper! Trashy pop stuff, bleurgh who needs it? It just goes all trashy and depressing! Nu-uh! Go ska! Okay... bit hyper and mad but hey you don't have to live with me! (I'm going....) Ok, bubi!

 Hi! We went shopping in Bristol today! Well, actually 'us' is code for me, Izzy and Mike! No one else turned up and we tried phoning every one, then we went to Jon's house... well, what we thought was his house and we pratted about. Then we asked his sister and she said he was ill! So we spent like an hour waiting for him and he didn't come! We got Laura's present (be very afraid) and Mike got a load of clothes. I got a hemp purse! Yeay! Also I got some gloves... don't ask... so now I'm broke! I went to take out money but I kind of mucked it up! Whoops! It came up with this thing saying 'go to your nearest branch'. Whoopsies. Mmm... we should do some thing on Saturday cause I think Kim moved her thing to Sunday... weird! I get no peace! I'm gonna go out with my Dad tomorrow and then I have to put up with you guys the day after that! Aaargh!

 weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee going on holiday @ 4 in the morning 2morrow, so not fun!!! y cant5 we b like a normal family and go @ a civilised hour, poo i forgot we r not normal, and there is no such thing as normal. Wahay! Flora i hope u got uir video back that i posted through the letter box. Next door were out playing so i got kinda scared and jammed it through so sorry if ots slightly decapatated. I was trying sooooo hard not to laugh when i went into the libary today, i was trying to get a book out from the young adult section and they asked me if i was allowed to read Young adult books, and then they asked my nan. I mean I know my mum doent know 1/2 the stuff i read but i'm allowed to read what i like. I really dont think it will (in the words of my dad) Shock me and be anythi9ng i havn't heard or seen before! soooooo Y did i just go hello gorgeous to Paul C? Ummmmmmmmmmmmm im feeling slightly mad probably thats y! O O samantha can't come to my party, im quite upset. humph. O by the way peeps, u know u r meeting @ 10:30 thats when the bus leaves the Link road (outside Botolinos - who can spell that?) I just thought u might like to know. right i had better go now, I have finally done all my packing and am allready to go. Ill send u all postcards so ull know whats going on. Rite toodles.xXx

 heloo there, welll today i spent about two hundred bizillion hours looking for holiday clothes. uuuhhghhhhh. but i'm going on holiday in just over three days so i'm happy. but i cant come to bristol tommorrow because i have to go with my dad to plymouth to escort thistle in the car cos she gets kinda distressed. we have to go tommorrow cos thats the only day he has off before we go on holiday. which means that i am free on saturday for kims thing after all. ahhhh that was a long explanation. so anyway, you twos stories sound like there gonna turn out really good so you have to let me read them at the end. wow im listenin to spunge. they are very shibby.

 Hey sorry I was actually talking to people and then I played on - OH NO ADDICTIVE MUPPETS SONG NOOOOOOOO! Ahh, better! Any way I'm freezing cold! I had to change into my flares and put a jumper on! What's happened?!?! If it's freezing tomorrow then I won't be a happy bunny, well I guess being cold in Bristol is better than melting and dying of a splitting head ache while hoppign from drink stand to drink stand. Hmm... better over exagerated? Nope! Hehe, I better go practise Grade 4 piano, I've got my exam soon! Noooo!

 Yeah Dude, where's my car? rocks! that is the best movie! American Pie was just err... ever so slightly none-pointish. I mean, wow, it's a film about people losing their virginity praise be to the film. (Yeah - right) Mmm... I don't think the WSL's would get Dude, where's my car? it's our type of humor (teach me how to spell god please do!) and as I've said a million gazillion times, some people (most people) don't get it at all. Go Izzy, you write a sad story go you! I'm wrighting one about this guy who's obsessed with ants... and killing them... He lives in this really old cottage and this lady comes to see him and err wrighters block their! Oh yeah, he's entering this children's book competition thingy. So basically it's a load of crap, but a different type of crap to Izzy's. I seriously don't know where it's going though! Help me! Mmm... but that happens with all my stories. Go Izzy, you actually use paragraphs! :O Shock horror! Hehe, lemme try! Holidays: A time for sitting round and doing nothing, me arranging get togethers, ice-lollies, spending time with your family (which can some times drive you crazy) and a time for taking over the world. But then again, every season is a time for taking over the world! Well, for me it is! Hey, should I be the threee headed monkey? (Damn, forgot how to spell be. Aaargh, that's right you dim-wit! Oops!) Hmm... I'll go arrange assasinations with Mango.

 Yeah Rosie is seriously weird - I don't mean fun-kinda-weird like us...just...weird! WOOHOO! Holiday time! A time of sun, ice-lollies and most importantly...plastic sword-fights!! I've decided to write a story/book or something (just nod) about this eccentric wannabe writer (say nothing) who decides she's going to publish a diary of her living in all these different places, like a muddy hole six feet underground, on a house roof, on a shack in the middle of the sea etc, and its gonna be called - "Life in a Hole and other stories" Sad huh? With quotes like - "I can now fully empathise with an earthworm" and "I managed to forget my diary, so I have spent the last few days constructing writing materials out of mud" and "I think I've spent too much time around the birds on this tweet-tweet roof and I tweet-tweee-twee a nice little tweet so I just had to tweet-tweeee!" I know its crap, but its my crap goddammit! Anyway, American Pie was soooo rubbish! I laughed once or twice, but not exactly out loud. It was just a load of sad popularity-crazed guys trying to get laid to impress eachother, and treating these girls like shit! And Rosie and Lisa were like - "Oh it's soooo funny! "Dude, where's my car is soooo crap!" " Excuse me, but phsyco-ostriches, dumb teenagers, a stoner dog, a derranged chinese food restuarant assistant, swedish/welsh aliens and a load of really really funny gags equals one hell of a shibby-sweet movie, dude!

 gordan benit in nearly all or blogs we mention the WSL's thats scary!

 Grrrrrrrr Rosie was baing such a lettuce in Maths, *adopts Rosie style voice* Tell me 5 boys u like and 5 u dont! *back 2 me* Sorry rosie but im now switched off try me 1/2 way through next term. Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr cant she get the bloomin message that she needs a serious kick up the bum and a lesson in manners. I mean even when shes being sarcastic she doesnt do it very well. Yay! moving down in maths!:) Nay! With Andrea!:( It was V. funny in maths when Mr T was trying to tell us to not all go and loose our u no wot strate away and then he stopped the video, I think he was getting a bit "hot under the collar" at it!! LOL im gonna miss our maths class Boho := = (they were ment 2 b tears) o well toodles

 Mmm, Rosie was being a prick today - again. What's the deal with her? Even if we had a big sign with 'fuck off' on it in big illuminous letters I still don't think she'ld get it! Eugh, I'm so glad we have the holidays no more putting up with the WSLs! Yeay! We actually have freedom! Weirdness to the world! Hehe... but we don't have to be judged and put down for every thing we do now! If I see her during the holidays I think I seriously might have to restrain myself so I don't punch her... we've gone over it. Yeah, slightly obsessed - but passionatly (spelling! aargh I'm trying, sorry!) so! And darn proud of it! Hmm... I'm in a freaky mood... COOL! Ok, so 10:30, Thursday, Superdrug got it every one? Good! I'm gonna go freak the world! ...Wait a minute... done that already damn! (Well I beat Izzy to it!) Bisi!

 Oook then! Hehe, read this: (Sorry, I took it off, it was one of those 'hey I'm gonna strech your page and make it look dumb' (DUMBER THAN IT ALready is? I didn't think that was possible!) So err... just pretend that it's there!) Geez... long link... but it's a permalink, whatever that means! *clueless* So today was fun and no more school! We did a whole lot of nothing basically, then we looked at our SATs papers eeek! Nooo! That was horrible! We also found out what sets we're in next year... well some of them! I'm not moving down yeay! Or is that so good...? Hehe, we watched American Pie Uncut in Maths and our teacher turned it off because it started getting too dodgey! We watched a freaky French film that no one got in French cause it was mega mega hard french! Like the actual french that they talk in France! :O I mean oh my god, we don't know that! Any way - back to being happy that we have no more school! YEAY! We're gonna be in year 10 next year, ahh scary! I mean aaargh GCSE year! Yipes! Aaargh, holidays means me ringing around and arranging things! Help! Oh well... and hey, does any one actually know Mike's phone number? (New kid) I don't! Oh well!

 Ok that last post sounded a little dodgey.

 Speaking of "badly-written ramblings" I should get onto the Mr.Fopple!

 Woohooo! I have a big bag o' skittles for the last day, all for me! Muhahahaaa! My god, Katie - possibly your shortest blog ever! You HAVE to come in tomorrow! But then again, if you don't that means more sweets for me, tee hee! Ok, so Rosie is being smelly... I could go on a moral rant but it would probably be too similar to yours, Katie, so I won't for the benefit of all those (yeah, right) sad people reading this who don't want to read our badly-written ramblings more than once. Yeah so the new person - just a little scary! Mr.K introduced me as - "A lovely girl, but very common," The ckeek!

 Aaargh massive head ache... I think I might go swim in a sea of paracetamol! If any one mentions homework I'll... I'll... spew up the paracetamol on them! I feel sick too... :( I don't wanna miss the last day! And damnit I won't! (and damn my spelling while you're at it!) :D Mmm... I'll go soak in nectarines. (I am weird! YAY!)

 Mmm... we have yoga meditation music on! Fun! "I've got a brand new combine harvester and I'll give you the key..." Nooo! That's been going through my head all day! Eeek, I'm being out blogged by Laura! (Lol, god I'm sad!) But any way, we need to find out when every one's going on holiday and stuff and arrange... things! Today was very fun wasn't it? Oooh! Last day tomorrow! Yeay! We'll be in year 10 next year... hmm, that's kind of scary! And my brother will be in year 12! That's even scarier! Oh nooo! He'll be one of the scary six formers that walk around! :O Hehe... but you lot are just Rik's-sisters-friends! Ha! Step down from being Rik's-sister don't you think? *forces you to nod* Ahh... better... Hehe, why is it that girls always slapmin movies and stuff? Come on girls thwak it to em! We seriously should start up punching instead of slapping, much more effective don't you think? Ok, so no I haven't taken my medication! Hello, I am wearing a Kermit the Frog T-shirt and listening to weird music! I'm meeeeeeee! I'm maaaaaaad! Hmm... slightly hyper, sozzers guess I better go bubi!

 Heeey yeah, today was fun. We've got this new person in our class, Michael (can't spell eep!) and he's ok. He'll be a bit more chatty when he gets settled down I think. Hehe, it's fun watching everyone in our class ignore it, isn't it? Mmm... but it's their fault, we're being all open and 'we don't care who you are, come talk to us!' ...must... stop dwelling on this! I might go all depressed again if I'm not careful... Oh, I've totally given up hope on Rosie. I guess I had this view that every one was really nice but it's been totally scrubbed by her. Yeah, I know niave (speleeeleleleiiing!) or what but still it was a nice notion I guess. She's just so horrible, and for her own personal gain. If she ever had any nice bones in her body I think they would of exploded by the time she was three. What's up with her? I bet she has one of these 'divorced parents, dead relatives story', but then, doesn't everyone? Ok, sorry, I'm listening to Bob Marley and I'm going all psylophical (owch, bite me) and err... rastafarian like! Fun! Mmm... I was trying to help her out and she just said "shut up" really seriously and it hit me. I was being kind, not provoking her or doing any thing to her apart from offering her kindness and then she's just mean and throws it back in my face, what's her problem? Is it so hard to even think about being nice to people? Can she think of no other's apart from herself? I never want to know her when I'm older and I doubt that any one else will. Ok, I'll snap out of it in a bit and blog later! Bubi!

 hey dudes (again,sorry) never been kissed is the WORST film i have ever seen in my whole entire life (believe me, i'm a hundred and two) please do not watch it. actually there are some funny bits like when her friend has to teach the class about....well ya know. but it's pretty lame. we watched dude wheres my car again today! (one of the BEST films i have ever seen in my whole entire life) ooo damn gotta go someones shoutin at me to be continued....

 weeeeeeeeeeee i'm in English, and I'm rather bored. We+ Sarah M and I are sat here doing nothing because we are very lazy!!!! And we just told the teacher that we had done all of our work. Biggest lie of the century!!! Katie V and Sam M are searching for ghosts, o fun! I really think that we should enter that compertion. Ooo things I could do with 250. They will take one look at this and run away though. Wow never been kissed is nice at the end, I have to borrow it off u Flora. O rite going to go explore for nothing now!!! toodles (i must stop saying that) P.S I'm going on holiday on Thursday!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 Yeay! You get 1,000 out of this best british web blog thingy if you win... Errr... yeah like we'll win! Hehe, oh sorry about lack of blogging but I've actually been doing things! :O No, no, don't worry, I don't have a life. (Phew, getting worried their!) Heey! Oh well. We went to Laura's house today. We = me, Lynne and Izzy. We went and played rounders in the park and with my great hitting skills I won, of course. :P (Yeah right!) Then Laura's next door neighbours we're being... freaky... They said "You're gay" So Lynne and Izzy were like hugging each other and going "Yeah we are." I got a tiny winy bit scared! Then one of them said "Gregory (or whoever the sad little kid was) fancies you." So I said "Sorry, we're gay." Ok, so it was funny at the time! What else... oh yeah, obsessive swinging and then I found out the swing gave me black marks on my legs! Eeek! And we freaked this young kid out, nah, we didn't. We were overly "Oh, hi, so what's you name?" Ya know? Yeah... sure... We watched Never Been Kissed for like the millionth time and Lynne cried! We also did some Pop dancing with Lizzie Web. *cringe* That was bad! Every one was going on about how they've had deep and meaningful discussions about the WSL's with their parents - so have I! Mmm... scary. Hehe, I might go on freaky mode tomorrow and totally freak every one out! We've got two days of school left! Noooooooooo! :'( All we'll do is watch videos, so it's ok I guess. Still a bit of a bummer. I'll bring Galaxy Quest (yeay!), The Road to El Dorado (YEAY!) and the Twelve Monkeys to make me look serious (Next to impossible!) Every one bring things! Yeay! Play pinyata? Ok, so I'm going weird, sorry that popped into my head! Mmm... barbeque... follow the smell... I'll be going now bubi!

 hey dudes, (lol cant get that outta my head) you clever girly lynne with your 8 in tec! go izzy with your talkin to the short-longie guy! you should do that. ooo did you freak out the twin people? or did they freak out you. sooo anyway lynne what were you doin in bens back garden in the dark? hmmm... we should soooooo enter our blog just for the fun of it, would'nt it be like amazingly funny if we won! i forgot that you got reports, ahhhh scary. do you get all your sats levels. i think if i was that scared for sats results i'm gonna be shit scared when it comes to gcse. my mums gettin all worried that we wont have enough food for tomorrow. she is a funny bunny. anyone would think that half the school were coming. oh yeh izzy that quiz sounds like fun- the moon is best and favourite transport, its a tough decision but i think i'll have to go with space hopper although magic carpet does sound cool (might get carpet-sick though). see ya'll the day after today

 Hello, after my 60million year break im back!!!! I hope that Utterly butterly is feeling better! wow i actually had a gd time last night Katie. Because Bens garden gets soooooooo dark at night we played hide and seek in the dark, that was very funny, then we got home at about 11:15. Then Dad and I started having a really weird conversation. I'll say more l8er i have 2 go and have my tea now, how inconvienent. O O do u no that i got a level 7 in German and Music and an 8 yes an 8 in tech!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :O :O

 Yeah, so having fun? Oh dear, Katie's taking them on rubberfaces.com...interesting choice. How come it's all down to you to entertain these people anyway? Well I think Of Mice and Men has mentally impaired me, because for some reason I can't stop thinking about it and I was reading it this morning (we have a copy at home) and I started crying! I'm so sad. Anyway... Yes! Enter our blog! Not that we'll get a mention, but do it all the same! Now that REALLY would be funny! Getting annoyed with all thesse "Answer the questions and send it on to everyone you know!" thingies, so I'm thinking about making my own, but with loadso of really dumb questions like - "Which is better - The Moon, or Uranus?" or "What's your favourite mode of transport - Space-hopper or Magic Carpet?" . Cause all the ones that go round have pretty much the same questions like - "Who's your favourtie movie star?" and "What's your favourtie food?" I mean, come on - be a little inventive, guys!

 Ahh... onto taking over the world! Hey whatever am I gonna do if these people aren't 'weird' like me, cause you know me and if they're not they're gonna get majorly freaked out! Eeek! Hmm... watch the Road to El Dorado! YES! Wow, I have every thing worked out now... they're gonna go home never wanting to come back again! Woohoo! Nah, that's tight! I don't really deal with shy people very well... do I? Or do I? I just kind of blabber on and ask them meaningless questions every now and then. Are jam dougnuts more of a dougnut than cream ones? (Sorry about spelling!) So basically I'm like what I'm like on here.... but not. Wow, full circle! Madness! Dude, where's my car? I'll go find out what I can do to freak these people out! MUHAHAHA! *cough* bubi!

 Yeah... great go Izzy! Oh wow, leave me on my own... this should be fun and erm awkward! Eeek! You go ask him! See if you care that he will probably never speak to you again! ...Whoops... Any way, I keep getting these e-mails about serial killers in America and 'FBI warnings' uhuh... I'm freaked! Hey who votes we should enter this Guardian best web blog thing? (For the money of course!) Mmm... but it'll be like people judging your life and my life gets as interesting as a pea stuck in custard... although that could be pretty interesting! Aaargh I put this lavander perfume on and now all I can smell is that! I'm gonna be haunted by lavender for the rest of my days! FUN! Hmm... glad you're feeling better, and hey we don't mind if you throw up on us, might improve Izzy's smell and err it could be interesting mixed with lavander! I'm gonna post this now and do another one after it... yep, it's pointless information kids.

 Awwwww!! Laura poos! Poor ol' yousies! Seee, what did we tell you? *Tries very hard not to say "I told you so."* But awww! Wonder what brought that on? Probably the gross cakes (not to self - never trust Laura's cooking again). You poor fruitcake (my fave new expression) having to walk to Grove to get a key, how smelly. Hehehe, guess it could have been kinda fun at the time. Well woo-diddlie-hoo, 'fraid I might not be able to come out tomorrow Kes, I'll leave you to have fun juggling standing on your head, or whatever extreme measures you'll end up going to when trying to entertain the "scary shy people" coming round! have fun, and don't tell them about Zigganought, Vera the stuffed cabbage or Mr.Fopple unless they seem like that kind of person, ok? Just show them Virtual Fighter 4 or something and watch them run. So are we doing something on sunday? I've decided to ask my short-longie guy-friend person why he's not talking to me because you'd be pissed off if I decided that I was only going to know you on certain days of the week, wouldn't you?!

 hey dudes, sorry really have to get out of talkin like they do in 'dude,wheres my car?'. So anyway, oh yeh and it was a good thing that you guys told me to go home cos i threw up again this afternoon. so thankyou. ahhhhhh it was soooo annoyin, by the time i got home i felt rather shitty and then realised i did'nt have a key. sooo i trailed my way to grove to get my mums key and then trailed home again. by which time i was close to the point of collapsing. but it was sooooo funny cos this person who was in there front garden must have got seriously freaked out cos i walked past there three times and they were still there! believe me it was funny at the time. anyway why were you scared? did anythin happen today at school? did you get any homework? so....yeh you guys can still come round on sunday but i probably should'nt do anythin tomorrow just in case i feel worse and you guys will all end up covered in spew. lovely huh?. why this an incredibly long blog...well for me anyway. hee hee. so wheres lynne these days? she has'nt blogged for like, sixty million years. and you say i dont blog enough. see ya dudes

 Mmm... what else to talk about? Apart from being scared today... Oh, woohoo it's Friday! Yeay! I'm very happy... but tomorrow I've gotta take my cats to the vet and talk to these people I haven't really met before... yeay! Darn, my brother's on holiday. Guess we'll just have to book another vets appointment for him then! :D Oh, funniest thing in the world: (Sorry I'm wondering around, you usually have to kick me before I actually wake up and do some thing) *WHACK!* Owch, not that hard! :'( urlLink http://clevermedia.com/arcade/pirateriddles1.html Mmm... I've probably mentioned it before but oh well! Hey Laura go on it if you're feeling sicky and bad oh and I'm sorry that we forced you to go home, I have to tell you. It's you're smell! Joking, joking, it's cause we're worried about you and if you do have a bug you should rest! Ok... I'm scared... I'm gonna go hide and eat bananas and apples bubi! (I am a three headed monkey you know!)

 Hey! Aww, Laura threw up today so we made her go home! Are you feeling better now Laura? I hope so! Today was - ye insignificant dot day - or at least that's what it felt like! Beki didn't come to school so at the end it was just me and Izzy in our class... and boy did we feel insignificant! Every one was ignoring us in Spanish and it was fun! Then I had these head phones on and this really loud music came on and I screamed. Aparantly every one noticed but I wasn't too sure... Oh and I had to wear black flower trouses today *sigh/cringe* Hehe, but I'm so head strong that no body said any thing! YOU PUNY MORTALS! Any way... *cough* slightly ignoring that! Heeey but I go scary when I'm around my friends so every one's ignoring me already! Fun! At least we won't have to deal with the WSL's any more... I hope! Oh and Izzy said that her mum told her to punch Rosie! Woah! Go Izzy's mum's influence on Izzy! (If that makes any sense!) Oh and I'm oh-so slightly addicted to Final Fantasy X so I'm not blogging as much as I used to! Sorry! I'll breathe on this now, blog later bubi.

 stupid wsl's i'm sorry but why the hell cant they just fuck off. it's like for jim's sake why cant they just GO AWAY. it's like what did we ever do to you you sluts. okay back to normal ( well i could never go totally back) in fact i dont think i was even there in the first place. about art, katie sooooo attacked me first. i spent a long time tryinto figure out the english but i FINALLY did it

 Hi people, ok so I have scary friends but what can I say? I am scary! Ok so I keep hearing some one knocking on the door, maybe I do need hearing aids! Yeay! Any way today was fun! Apart from the WSL's kept talking about me in French and major freak out so we ended up writing a load on the table about it and then Izzy had to rub it out before the teacher saw! Hehe funny! Oh and I was freaked by some thing else but oh well... In art Laura attacked me with chalk! so i fought back and now we're both covered in it, eek don't kill me mum! (My t-shirt used to be white!) Jon got stressy cause I wouldn't tell him what this was, oh and he attacked me and it hurt so I kind of whaked him. Geez, he's soooo week! Wow, I still can't spell! Some one buy me a book called 'How to spell'! Back to WSL thing, well they were like KATIE and then one of them was saying "Oh my god, I wouldn't do that Rosie" so I think she's got a evil plan for me! YEAY! Haha, lets watch Katie take her anger out on Rosie, that could be fun! Never mess with some one who is happy almost all of the time because they probably have a load of anger stored up and they're probably meaner than the mean people! Ok, well it doesn't make sense... but it does in way.

 Arghh! Why didn't my last post show up on the page?? It was sooo long! If it doesn't work I'll scweem and scweem until I'm sick! So there.

 Hello! I'm in geography and its pretty boring! At least we're not learning anything! Me and kes are going on an animation course this summer! We're gonna be with a load of 12 year olds, but never mind! Well I've given up reading all kes's blogs because it takes me so long that by the time I've finished reeding them, I have to go! (Smelly kes) Anyway! Yeah, loadsa scary things happening lately, monday was really scary cos loadsa people were out to kill us! Or so it seemed! Anyway... Yeah well the Zoo Trip was fun, we answered all the questions on the sheet in the first 2 hours, and spent the rest of the time messing around and hitting Jon with our clipboards. 'Twas fun. We also tried to lock kes in the gorilla's cage but she was too big. (Hehehehe) We need to have another gathering soon, in Bristol maybe? The last one was fun, and maybe Vinnie will turn up this time! (Or maybe not) Yeah we should go to Bristol and get plastic swords! Wait, we've done that already...nevermind! Let's do it again! I seriously need to watch Dude, where's my car? again, because I'm just slightly obsessed with it. Wow this is the first time in ages that I've been able to blab on and on, because people are always talking to me on msn when I'm trying to type, so I usually manage to say something like - "Hi... I'm going now..." . Ooh sorry! I need to do Mr.Fopple Chapter 4 for you kes (*groan*) sorry, but she'll kill me if I don't get onto it (eek). Don't excpect it to be any good! My Brother's party was a riot, imagine 8 extremely high 6 year olds running wild at megabowl with balloon-swords?! It was like - "What part of "Don't run off!" don't you understand!" sigh. He got loads of really cool pressies though. I'm quite jealous. Well apparently Katie is being mean to Laura and Jon hit katie on the head "And it hurt!" . Andwfirvhy6kmuijphl (that was katie) Arghh! Minor panic! Katie just got rid of all my writing, but we somehow managed to get it back again! Bet you didn't think I could say this much did you? Oh dear, my fingers are getting tired...we have P.E next - yay. Laura says - hello you smells Tankyou, laura. Bye bye everybody, bye bye.

 hey hahahahahahahahahahahahaha well he he he (evil laughs) well any way bye

 Nooooooo! I lost the last post I did it by doing some weird thing...! Whoops! Any way I went shopping today in Bristol and at the moment I'm wondering where every one is. I went with my mum so I actually got some stuff! :O :O :O I now, shock horror style! Oh if you're wondering why I'm here it's cause the 'support staff' are on strike! Yeay! Go them! They set up a picket line outside of school apparantly! Woohoo! We just get a day off of school. Aaah, I love our school. Oh, and Izzy I am doing that model animation (darn still can't spell) course at Backwell! Yeay! We can do really dumb stuff and freak every one out! Ahh I love being me some times, although other times I really hate it... Mmm... but that's the same with every one, isnt' it cause no one's perfect. Uhuh, so seriously... people...? Any way, scary thing I have to do my piano exam soon eeeeek! I mean aural HELP! (Yeah, yeah, I need a dictionary!) Bet that's spelt wrong any way! Hey I'm gonna go freak people out and then curl up into a ball, bye.

 Oooook slightly less depressed yeay! I was listening to 'Corny Pirate Riddles' it was funny! Ok, so I'm easily amused! See, it doesn't take a lot of effort to get me back on track! Care more people! Love, freedom! (Oh dear she's gone hippy like!) Whoops, sorry! Heheeee any way! Now that I'm happy, I'm happy! Like hypeeeeeeeeeeeer happy! Yeay let's go take over the world! Hehe... heh... maybe not! Aaargh, having a war with this advert that keeps popping up and I keep getting rid of it! Ha! I won! Uhuh... quite scared. Time for bastard music therapy! Go download it if you haven't. (What you haven't? I've talked about it about a million zillion times!!!) Don't let the bastards grind you down - The toasters, you might have to just search for 'toasters' on Kazaa cause that's what I had to do. Now I have it on disc and on the computer! Yeay! Funny, we're only 14 and every one takes every thing really seriously. Aaargh advert wars again! Hehe, I have a Halifax pin number now! But no dudy card! :'(

 Sorry about that, my dream bubble popped today. Well ok, so in English I kind of day dream all the time and when the dream finishes I come back to reality and I realise how much it sucks. Sad aye? Sad but strange, sad but strange. No one wants to talk to me apart from you guys and I don't know if I can be bothered to do all the talking around people! Why should I bother? Ok depressed Katie! And now I'm listening to Metallica... hmm, time to paint my room black! Hey I'm getting weird again! Yeay! Told you it only lasted a few seconds. Ok, back to being slightly depressed. Maybe it's an early life crisis! Yeay! Oh well... hmm I need jump up and go music but I can't find any. When I get knocked down, Will you still be here hanging around? Staring in my eyes, Laughing at my demise. Watching me cry, Wondering why, And if you care, Reach out for me And help me be free. OK! Well I need to go watch tv before I seriously turn every thing black!

 I'm beginning to doubt that people care... Yeay Katie's losing faith! About time too! Seriously, some one needs to prove me wrong and so far no one's done that! I'll blog later... when I'm not so pissed off. (In about 3 seconds probably, I'm moody and yeah it is what you think.) If that makes any sense...

 Mmm so it's 'the easter bunny' now aye? I tried to post a flooble but it wouldn't let me! :'( Tea ready! Any way, I think I've seen the easter bunny on this before! (Now I sound even madder if that's possible!) so that makes you odder than us! HA! I created this though... so that makes me reallly odd! Go figure while I go have tea!

 So heeeeeeeeey! It's hard to die when you're already dead! Yeah, we keep telling Izzy that but she doesn't listen! (Smelly zombie Izzy!) Any way, what was the point to this? Oh yeah! Well, in technology we're doing airline meals and me and Izzy are doing a flight to Sandwich Island! I went on this website and found a few... faults with this! Hehe stupid! Population: no indigenous population; there is a small military garrison on South Georgia, and the British Antarctic Survey has a biological station on Bird Island; the South Sandwich Islands are uninhabited *COUGH COUGH COUGH* (I don't think any one noticed!) Highways: total: NA km paved: NA km unpaved: NA km Ports: Grytviken Airports: none That could kind of make it hard for the airoplane to land! But shhh don't tell any one and I don't think they will notice!

 Heeey we just haaave to go watch that crocodile film thingy! Yeay! With that weird Australian guy who definatly has a death wish! Err... but inviting Jon... but I don't like leaving him out! If we do don't let him sit by me! Seriously eeek help factor!

 Ok so now we're getting lessons in what to watch at the cinemas and on tv from Laura! But she can't talk, she doesn't watch Fox Kids. ;) Is there an actual Fox channel? I think there is! But Laura isn't sure... geez we're so dumb! If there is we don't get it in England! or we don't. Mmm... we just get sucky stuff! Ok so I told Laura every thing and now we're scared! Hehe... great... Any way, nothing happened today cause every one else was at the zoo and we're going tomorrow! Yeay! Anna said (according to Lynne) that they we're 'protecting' Emma by not telling her... I'm not sure though. I just did what I thought was best I guess! Every one does that though I hope! urlLink http://www.funbrain.com/ Aaaargh locked in there in Maths! Noooo! We forgot to sing the 'I will survive' song! Ack, I need new entertainment, Ally Mcbeal has finished and I'm boiling hot! Uhuh... oh and hungry! We had to play rounders at lunch time and we didn't get to eat any thing. :( Some one shouted out 'social rejects' apparantly... and darn proud of it! I didn't get to eat any of my dinner though, and then I got back home and found out it was all gone off! Eww! Does any one really care? That's my question, I'll go brew it.

 wheres your car dude? sorry slightly obsessed. the dogs a stoner which is pretty damn funny. i guess you have to watch it. hey everbody watch 'Dude,wheres my car?' it's very funny. well stuff is scary at da moment. theres the wsl's for starters ( pray they dont get onto this)sometin big is about to happen i know it. they are bein too overly nice. then theres a bunch of other stuff. who thinks that i should brave the disco? ahhhhhh i dont! oh accordin to the person i was just talkin to we have to see american pie 1&2 and road trip cos apparently dude wheres my car is nothin compared to those ones.so any way how r u? (sorry i forgot to ask) oh! did u see 'as time goes by' last night? please dont tell me you dont no what it is. if you dont it's ONLY ONE OF THE BEST TV PROGRAMMES IN THE WORLD.you have to watch it!!!

 helllooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Grrrrrrr i have really itchy hands (like u all wanted to no that) MUST STOP ITCHING!!!! I saw one of the WSL's in the quiksilver shop (i was lukin @ bags ok) and she was buying another bikini. strange WSL. anyhow, its Emilys party today, wow, what to wear. I fink that we shud all go 2 the disco and mosh with our airguitars again. c u @ emilys

 Heeey so no one typed any thing since my last thing... hmm, I'm not making a lot of sense am I? Well no one's talking on msn cause they all like to eat giraffes instead and no I have no been eating monkeys. Sorry, need to get all the weirdness out of my system! Ahh... moral dilema day today but oh well it'll pass and it's not our problem alright guys! It's to do with Emily's birthday party. *sigh* Why does every one have to complicate things? Hmm... guess that'll go unanswered since we all do it! Ok here comes Lynne! Aaargh! I better go talk to her, wow pointless blog of the year!

 Hey well the meeting's over and let me go over some things... Well ok random stuff mostly! (Let's just pray that no one figures that they can get to this via my profile! Eeeek!) Any way, well first scary thing... these people that we knew were like hiding in the bushes! (Ok then) And then they came and *stood by us* at the exact same moment that me and Izzy had decided to go for a run... so we ran away and for some other reason every one followed us! Then when we got back they were still standing by people talking in their own little group! So we had two seperate groups even though they were standing by us... ok then... then they walked off. Other scary thing: Jon kind of coughed some thing about will you go out with me or some thing and I'm quite scared! Why is it that if you get close to some one they think that you like them like them? I think I've been through all this stuff before on blogger, yup, definatly! Grr, I forgot to get Emily a card! :'( Whoopsie, but I always do! Yeah I never get any one a card. Unless they kick me and tell me to remember to. Sorry, got nothing inside my head at the moment, it's one of those days. Otherwise known as a klutzathon!

 Geez we do Izzy! Erm request, maybe not go on this tomorrow when every one's here cause I'm too tired for an editing spree! Remember 11:30! (I'm just putting this down so I won't forget!) Superdrug! Yeay! Uhoh mad!

 urlLink How dumb are you ?

 Yeah so I just went hyper and it mucked up! Smeanie! Ok, so I need to phone Izzy!

 Ooops, oh well what the heck. Yeah, we have totally not done any thing to them at all and it's like YOU MORONS WHAT HAVE WE EVER DONE TO YOU! But without the caps lock and nicer! Hmm... yeah, Izzy seethes with rage where as I kind of click about 2 hours afterwards and get angry for a streak. Then I just get rid of it and plot my revenge instead! :D Mmm, every one gets different kinds of angry! I figured out their and there, or Susie did... Their as in belonging to a person and There as in a place! Wow... it all makes sense... even though I've probably confused a load of people and every one else knew it any way! Mmm... I will shut up one of these days trust me! Hey we have to go to the disco and take the piss out of them cause that's what they're doing to us and we can do it to them! I remain the right to be pissed off... hmm, have to tell them that!

 Hello yeah, well katie, if i were you i would change a few minor details in your last blog incase certain people happen to read it via your msn profile... Anyway, yeah - why exactly don't they like us?? Arghhh as soon as I get on here I have to go! Argh yeah, I'm just quietly seething with rage...don't mind me.

 Any way heloooo! I just got a bit freaked in music, some one told me that Jon likes me... Erm. I don't like him like that, only as a friend. Is it that when girls get close to boys they think they like them as boyfriends and not just as friends? Aaaargh this world and social thing is just way tooo confusing! That's why me and Izzy and every one have stayed out of it! Hehe... but seriously, hmm... And doesn't every one get that thing where they think they hear things? I always do so that's why I always ask people what they said. I'm not death! contrary to popular opinion though! Mmm, some one kick me back into sanity! Went a bit mad today... the WSL's came up to us and generally pratted about! Then I kind of shouted 'Bye WSL's' at them and now they're bugging us about what it means. They were being mean in the first place and why should they give a damn!!! Sorry... little bit pissed. These year 8's were kicking balls at us too! So me and Izzy had a plan to scream and run at them, or we could go 'ooga ooga ooga-shaka' and start dancing to freak them out! So I get all fired up and then they come over to us. Why don't they just fuck off? It's not that hard really! We've never done any thing to us but they feel that it's their right to continue to bug us until the end of time. FUCK OFF! Sorry... I might end up punching them next time though. Oh, and why am I apologising? Ok, ok, calm down... I will... some time. Hmm, better go watch tv to calm down... or take my anger out of a fighting game. YEAY! Kill people wooohooo! Wait a minute... it's not real life oh darn. oh well bubi!

 Mmm, I'm really relaxed now cause I'm listening to John Mayor... Ahh... Peace out dudes. Ok, ok so maybe I should wake up! But this is sooo relaxing... Ahh! Hmm, my brother's online, maybe thing's get more interesting! I just love being relaxed cause I'm so highly strung the rest of the time. My dad can't do forward or backward roles and neither can I! Ok, so I just threw that in then... That's why I spend so long in the bath, it's so relaxing! So is going to sleep, it gives you time to think. The only problem with me trying to get to sleep is that I usually do in about five minutes so I don't get a long time to think! We all need time to think, well I do cause otherwise I get all messed up! No seriously, I get all eggy and grr like! Hehe, angry Katie not good! I better 'go do shite all' downstairs (in the words of the smelly rikster). Hehe, Flatrick! (Patrick with Fl infront of it!) Ok, ok I'm going! Slightly maaaaaaaaaaaaaad! Go my minions take over the world! ...Gone bubi!

 Have you given up, Before you even tried? Are you always defeated, Before the green light shows? Do you run without hope, Never getting what you want? Well I've got one tip for you, Take the leap of faith! Slight obsession with the leap of faith! All every one needs is some encouragment... and with me, a lot of fluke! I think I got a lot of fluke while I was doing the SATs! Oh noooo! I'm missing Neighbours! I'm gonna go watch it then I'll go play on Virtua Fighter 4. And you really care don't you! Uhuh!

 Heeeey welcome to the pink world. We all live in our own worlds, if you think about it! Well I do... inside my head! Okay, okay, I need help! We do, it's just hard to become a part of some one's world. (What are you thinking? Split personalities or plain madness?) Plain madness I didn't know you could get that! Mmm... I'm probably spelling that wrong but oh well! I think people get freaked out cause I'm so open with my thoughts (well some of them, I tend to leave out the murdering the WSL's). Hehe, but no one's open with their thoughts! Mmm... I'm rambling now aren't I? Ok, so big meeting on Saturday and any one can come! I reeealy don't care! I don't want people to feel left out. Owchie, my ancle kills! I put Emma's 4 inch high shoes on that are too small any way and I fell over pretty badly! Oh well... owchiiieee! Mmm, but I'll live! I think... Hmm we should get Ben C to hang with us if he's got no one. It's bad cause he was walking around on his own. No one should be on their own! Sorry, it's Katie's theory in life: Be nice to people and they will be nice to you. I kind of know what it's like to be on your own and it's not very nice! If only some one would reach out to those people! Ok, bit too moral? Maybe! I'll go muck around with sending Laura files be back!

 I have decided that i need to go back to the planet Zog, any one coming with me?

 Ok guys! Soooo what was I on about? Hmm, I'm not quite sure! Is this like the actual only website that updates every day? I think it is! I get bored of the same thing! Oh hail to the weird hippy who Izzy apparantly is. (We haven't figured out if it's just another one of her disguises yet!) Uhuh, so how's life the universe and every thing? Pretty much ok over here, apart from my mum says I should get more sleep... even though I sleep 9 hours! Oh and Izzy thinks she's stopped growing and she's all sad about it. Aww, poor Izzy. Guess you'll just have to join the Small Peopl Annonymous club, apart from you won't be annonymous cause you're small... Don't worry about it! I'ld rather be you're height! At least the boys aren't afraid that you might kick them by accident because your legs are sooo long! But hey you're not that small any way! Ahh I'm digging myself into a hole again! Eeeek better go do History homework. Go admaze yourself, do some thing you're afraid of doing.

 urlLink How dumb are you ? Im so proud. What are you two on about????????? Right better run, got to go to school. c ya!!!!!!!!!!

 OOOH! Well Commenting doesn't work but bugger that I'm going to watch Ally mcbeal Bubi!

 Okkkk! So I just changed some thing again! Eeek, and I think I deleted the wrong thing! :S I'm gonna cuddle my cats, I'm obsessed! It's like brushing my hair, it's soooo relaxing. (...Wow, I'm sure we wanted to know that!) Mmm... back to taking over the world I guess. Any way, back to buying a .nu (again!) I'm just gonna work out how to do the layout aaargh! I figure that all you need is Photoshop, Evrsoft (don't ask) and some very heavy things to throw at the computer when it doesn't work. (Why are you still here?) Mmm... I'm wondering the same thing!

 So heeeey! Sorry about the name. *eugh* Any ways my brother's back! He went to Glastonbury, and then to St Ives and now he's going to Dublin! Random yeaaah! How come you're on this Beki? How did you get here?!?! Mmm... ALLY MCBEAL! Aaargh last one on tonight at 9! Every one has to see it! Oooh, Neighbours that was like noooo! Flick messed up Steph's wedding and Marc said that he loved her! :O Ok, so you reeealy get what I'm going on about I'm sure! Mmm... I'm hooked on a tacky song called Dreams Come True by S.E.S. Atleast I think that's who they are. It's in Japanese... Now I've totally lost you! Izzy go work on Mr Fopple while I get YACCS to work on this! Blog later peeps bubi!

 only liz saw a bit of it and she didn;t seem very intrested i got 7 in science and 7 in maths don't kno bout english yet and don't call me becki NO C IN MY NAME KATY evil laugh HAHAHAHA

 Mucked it up! Every one like the earth quake? Me feels a disclaimer coming! Some thing like WARNING That wasn't an actual earthquake so don't sue! Yeah that could be good. Whoops, forgot the please! Hehe so any way, who exactly did see this in french Becki ? Hmm do we really care? LIKE HELL WE DO! Whatever that's supposed to mean... apart from be afraid be very afraid. Oh crap, I forgot to check on the potato! Oh well... don't look at me like that it was for science! So I have nothing to talk about... oh, I got all 7's in SATs :P (You mean I have a brain!) No, we have a brain! It was all the extensive revising, oh and you telling me the answers was good. (Hehehe, well you might of thrown a strop if I didn't!) *Creeeeeeeek* Hey don't leave! *Yanks you back in* Ok so I am a bit weeeird but that's what make it so fun! Do you ever not see how some people can be friends with other people cause their soooo boring? Oh and Rosie was being nice... which was quitttttte weird. I wonder why... oh to copy my answers riiight. Why? They're probably all wrong any way! Hmm... what's wrong with Blob? She said some thing about she didn't get her results for the other SATs. She seemed in a piss actually, have we done any thing to upset her...? We're too nice!

 Uhuh yeaaah! I just added a new thing so I'm gonna be mucking round for a bit, I'll muck around less later ok?

 hey i'm i french so i'm not ment to be doing this but oh well

 Woohoo im on blogger at long last! Woohoo and nothing to ramble about...

 Ok well fun so no one else is going on this! Is it a lets see how long Katie can talk to internet space thing? Mmm... well seeing as I couldn't really cope with ten minutes silence in geography a very long time! Oooh David ran around the field (400m) like 19 times! Geez he's waaaay to hyper. Hehe, we went mad today, for some reason these boys were galloping up and down the field and for an equally strange reason we joined them. Apart from Laura the depressed party pooper! Aww, some one *COUGH* was saying they thought Laura was depressed but I don't think she is, you gotta admit some bad stuff's been happening and we can't always be happy people! I hate that, you're either happy happy bouncy bouncy or you're depressed, their is no middle. Hmm... stop thinking? Hopefully some day I will, after that I'll do my homework! Ok so my cat wants to give me a hug. Bisi! I'll pick him up and trip down the stairs now... just incase you wanted to know that!

 Hmm... moral thinking. Daaah run! Yeah that would be a good thing to do. The point to life. Pretty deep huh? Well don't you think that every one's different, with a different point? Or maybe we've all got the same point. Maybe it's to enjoy yourself and help others, but not every one keeps to that so maybe they find a different point. Mmm... maybe I should shut up and stop saying maybe. Does any one else think this deep or are my brain patterns just that weird? I guess the fact that no one gets our humor might tell me some thing... I think out loud too much don't I? But that's a good thing to do otherwise those thoughts just fly past? More sleep needed? I think so! Bubi sorry for being deep today.

 Hey who wants to give me a spot on their web site? Uhuh... ok ok so I'm going!

 Wow 7 people love this blog. What kind of web sites do YOU go on?!?!? Hehe, just kidding a bit zany right now cause I was playing on Silent Hill 2 and getting freaked out... My brothers friend left it here and I didn't have the box or any thing so I basically didn't know shit about it and was totally weirded out. (Kind of like what you're feeling now) :P Uhuh... hmm need to find a new freak out site cause this one's getting old! Hehe, gotta love the kick ass pink... ok, so you don't have to! Mmm... seriously needing to get out more! How dumb do some people think we are? Ok so I can't talk seeing as I recently took that test saying you're dumb as shit... but any way. Shits quite clever really it err can err smell... more than Laura, now that's not good but it's hard to do! :D Uhuh... lack of blogging getting to me! (More like lack of socializing) Now that's not trueee I had to spend a whole week with Izzy that was bad! I kept hearing things at night... hmm lack of sleep halucinating again? ...Probably! So better go take of the world *sigh* again. I'm too nice really to keep doing this job, killing just doesn't have the same zing now. I'm scared too don't worry I need to go to sleeeep.Ok, so I'm gonna go downstairs and watch Pride and Prejudice (geez you're weird) yeah I am so bubi guys! Tricky - You don't wanna, weirdest song in the whole world. Kind of disco techno jargon yeay! *kicks me out* Good! Bi!

 urlLink How dumb are you ? And darn proud of it! You, my friend, are thick as pigshit. Don't let it bother you. Some people have become extremely successful, while remaining the intellectual inferior of a lobotomised schnauzer (see it yap backwards!). Politicians, Hollywood movie stars, truckers and obese men driving white vans have all "made it" with your gargantuan stupidity. So don't fret: there is hope. We advise you grow a giant moustache and go live in the country with your four dogs. There you will be allowed to shoot tin cans and shout "hooooeeeee" at nothing in peace

 Ahh, gotta go walk into town sorry guys. I'll be back!

 I'll tell you about the mad man now, it's a psychological crappy thing basically. You have been warned! Why do people go to the loo with some one else. It's cause they might be attacked! (Remember this is me, it's stupid) But by who? The mad man in the loo! So if you're gonna be attacked if you go to the girls loos then you should go to the boys loos. (I bet I'm spelling loos wrong! Loo's nope, oh well) But if you go to the boys loos you are the mad woman cause you're going to the boys loos! Stupid aye! And the point being... *sob sob* I just found out that my mum washed my hoodie. :( (YOU'VE NEVER HAD IT WASHED?) Nope! It felt so soft not washed! :'( (Eww... *takes a step back* DAMN! I'm attached to this body help!) Hehehe... err yeah. So any way, every one knows the coma thingy too? Nope? Good, good, thanks for the card Laura! That is soooo cool! My dad took one of my draws out of my wardrobe and he 'fixed' it and it won't go back in! So all my pants are all over my room! Yeaaah sure you wanted to know that, just warning you if you come over. Mmm... tea time, yeah, yeah, I'm gonna blog again! Some people have been bitchy and I need to tell people what I think. Hmm, I do that way too often don't I? Some times the things that I think are way to weird. *eerie silence* Ok then bibi!

 Greeeeeeeeeat Beki, just a few posts! I tried to post last night but it wouldn't let me, sorry guys. :( YEAY WE'RE BACK! Sorry, err I really should wake up some time soon... Actually my legs should wake up cause I pulled the same muscle *can't spell it and don't care* in both legs and they kill! It's like having cement legs. Owchie, but I'm not beaten yet! Ahh, Okehampton was fun. Yeah, we did rock climbing and I am very proud that I actually trusted you guys when I absailed down (hardest bit) :P. Aaargh but mountain biking eeek! (Sorry about spelling again, but I'm sooooo tired I didn't sleep last night.... or the night before so eeeugh) We had to cycle 7 miles! Every one else did 6 but the guy was nice to us and he took us the long way. Me and Beki fell over and we're both covered in cuts and bruises. Aaah, real music thank god! We had to listen to tacky stuff at the youth hostel cause that's all their was, also Izzy had to dance to S Club 7! Ahahaha! That's funny! We danced to Alice DJ?... Well I don't know! We did the harder one! We were supposed to perform it at this disco but we didn't, instead we moshed all the time, first Rosie and people were like OMG SAD! but then they left us alone cause they stood their and did nothing and we just bounced about! That's why my legs killll! Ooh, we went swimming and their was this massive 'Wobsticle' thing in the middle of the pool and you had to get across it. I went on about twise. Straight on and straight off. Fun! So me and Beki went evil and tried to get every one off! MUHAHAHAHA! Izzy was in a seperate half and almost all the people in her group got across because you couldn't try to get them off. In our group about 3 people got across! Heheheee! It was fun! Erm, what else. Oh yeah, water sports, we did kyaking *shoot me for spelling* (hey when do I get to talk) *shoots the other head* ahhh better. Kyaking was soooo much fun! At the beginning Beki fell in! Hehehe, and I was going round in circles but by the end of it I was going straight! :O :O :O I was shocked! Then afterwards me and Emma jumped in! It was soooo cold! We also did sailing and I had to sit on the front of Emma's boat! First she couldn't steer and the sail kept swining over to her side and the whole boat tipped on it's side! But we didn't fall in! (Sadly) So I got a bit more confident sitting on the front so I let go and sat facing the water. Then Emma tried to kill us by going over to the wier! So the guy came over and I had to lay on my front and try to paddle! I looked sooo dumb! Then I had to grab hold of his boat and we were dragged away! I had to do that a lot actually... So then I tried to steer and I went round in a circle then straight into the mud! Hehe, fun! Geez, this is gonna be one long blog! Ahh the food was actually reeeally nice! Wow! I had jelly every night! It actually tasted quite gross by the end of it... Oh, also we bought a load of sweets even though I took a load of food! Mmm... my throat hurts, and it sounds really bad cause I've been blabbering away all week non stop! (Ask Izzy I have!) Oh night walking was fun... apart from it wasn't dark and their was a load of goat shit every where! Pony treking hurt cause I'm not used to it! Owchie, my knees kind of gave in. Oooooh, gorge scrambling best thing in the world! Ok, ok, so wet suits are horrible but it was fun! I slipped over about 3 times but I was fine I felt totally safe. We did silly games, and I had to put 20 skittles into a cup using a straw! it was fun, I'll let every one else blab about what they did cause I'm taking up way to much space! Ok, so I'll post this and type another one after it, check back in 10.

 whoops

 people help i've gone mad, i'm in a sleepover at louise's house and i'm going to be murdered tonight by kerri person so if i don't turn up at school on monday you know why

 people help i've gone mad, i'm in a sleepover at louise's house and i'm going to be murdered tonight by kerri person so if i don't turn up at school on monday you know why

 people help i've gone mad, i'm in a sleepover at louise's house and i'm going to be murdered tonight by kerri person so if i don't turn up at school on monday you know why

 Hey! HAPPY BIRDYDAY LYNNEEE! Hey, and welcome back to all you alive people out there! Yeay! Ooh and it's Lynne's party today! Woohoosie! Hey, erm, are we supposed to come in the front or the back? Oh well! Hey I better go get ready bubi!

 wowsy!!!! I have now got the simms and the house parteeeeeeeee and lots of other things. wots that fushigi somethingor other book all about im confused. c u l8er

 Hellooo! HAPPEE BIRFDAY FLYNNITY! (i'll sing to you later as it's pretty hard to sing online!) wow partee. partee partee. sorry slightly hyper today. i went shopping and i have a top thats made by purple bee! i was like wow! i also have new school shoes that i hate so thats fun. but too hyped up to care!! hey i think it's national vegetarian week this week! i'm a bit scared by the book fushigi yugi but i've had fun drawing the pictures! hope that everyone had nice holidays! see ya later at lynnes partee! happy birfday again! tee hee.

 im back small reminder.....................its my birthday tomorrow, don't forget my party.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 Hey! (Why do I bother doing this again?) Oh just shaddup and keep going! Hehe! Any way Stonehenge was fun! A load of rocks in the middle of nowhere ...nice... Then afterwards we got lost! Wow, it's what we're best at! Appart from mum wasn't their so we couldn't blame it on her. Owchie, I've got a head ache from all that map reading, well we finally got unlost cause otherwise I wouldn't be here. Geez, I'm tired, soory lack of concentration. Mmm better go rest head bubi!

 Mmm so where is every one? Oooh, Izzy's on holiday well actually she's back today but she says she'll be really wacked *how do you spell whacked? wacked? aaargh!* (How do you spell? Good question.) Laura's reading Fushigi Yuugi like the good girl she is. :D Hehe, I'm getting her to read it! (Well you said you were bored Laura!) Hehe, I'm just too nice! Yeay! Stone Henge! How... random! Hmm... aargh! I have to go research it. (I'm not the only one in my family who's mad!) Bisi!

 Hey... and AHHHHHHHHHHH! I just came back from watching 8 legged freaks (sorry, you didn't star in it, that would be 3 legged freaks :P) It was sooo scary! I didn't jump though! Ok, ok, so I jumped in the adverts before it! (I always do that!) I really should stop doing that... Any way it was really cool and no, I'm not afraid of spiders after it... although I'm kind of freaked because I'm all alone at home... and I came home and all the lights were off! Major AARGH factor going on! I'm better now... I put Metallica on and the phone's by me. Not that I'm expecting massive spiders or any thing... AAARGH! GET IT OFF ME! Hee just fooling, I wouldn't really have time to type that if I was being eaten you know! (Oh yeah, 'Excuse me, Mr I Want To Eat You, Spider, sir, could you wait until I post this and then eat me? Oh really? Thank you, be with you in a sec.') Wow, that's one nice Mr I Want To Eat You, have I met him? *groan* Any way, I found this! urlLink http://uk.news.yahoo.com/020829/80/d8gsn.html Geez, they must be getting desperate for news! And for all you still at school this is for you - HAHA SUCKERS! Hehe, just spreading a little festive spirit! Bisi!

 Heisi! So hmm... today I'm going to meet Laura and we're gonna pig out on ice-cream (like normal then) yeah! Or something... and I'm gonna attempt to cook! Even though it'll go all over the floor and probably explode! Yeay! I don't actually know how to cook and I'm supposed to be doing Food Tech for GCSE! Aargh! Sorry, can't type much, Rik's still asleep (Grr, he doesn't have to get up!) Ha, we're not back at school yet and every one else is! HAHA! Ok, better go bubi!

 Mmm... I was just watching Newsround (as you do) and they were seeing what people though of Slipknot and every one was saying they're really bad and they can't understand why they call that music! Excuse me! That is music, and if you lot actually got a life and some friends you might find out about it! I'm really good ;) (yeah right) no I mean that I try to respect different types of music, and not just shun them because I don't like them. Just because you don't like a type of music does that give you a right to condemn it? To decide that it's rubbish? I try not to do that because I hate narrow minded people... Ahhh hyper phase! Damn, I'm getting too almightily passionate about this, mind you I am! Mmm... might be the music and the pills I just took as well... did I say pills? *sweat sweat* Hehe, nah, I don't do that. Just pulling your leg. (Hey! Give it back!) Hmm... really need some psychiatric help! Ok Bubi! Keep on head banding guys! (What was that about narrow mindedness?) Aaah, tea! Bi!

 Mmm! I found some thing out today! (The birds and the bees?) Err... no... (Oh god, we're doomed any way, tell us) I found out you can change the Winamp skin on Winamp! WOW! urlLink http://www.winamp.com I've got this cute Sakura one on... hmm... doesn't quite go with the rock music but oh well! I got it from here urlLink http://www.cartoonparty.net/index.html?http://www.cartoonparty.net/skins.html . Ok, ok, so it's in Italian or some thing but the people ripped it so it's ok... I guess... any way the skin isn't Italian so it's ok. But it doesn't tell you how to install it! (And for a dumb person like you, boy was it hard!) Yeah yeah... well... it was! So I walked around and got to here urlLink http://www.winamp.com/nsdn/winamp2x/dev/skins/zip.jhtml *dumdadeee link girl!* Well yeah, I don't explain stuff well ya know! Any hoo, apparantly you put it in a ZIP file then rename it some thing .WSZ and put it in C:/Program Files/Winamp/Skins or whatever it is! Wow, fun! Geez, I have a new toy to get all excited over! YEAY! Any way... angry moaning blog next! YEay!

 You can not change who you are... Help! I'm going creative! Aaargh! Mmm... mad aye! Yup, definatly need to get out of the house ...and stop sounding like a dog!

 urlLink http://www.doebbe.com/domo-kun/domo-pics.html Heeehee! Weird little brown things! (not Laura or poo's) :D Yurp, I'm weird. Getting into a 'I don't care if I'm paranoid' thing, which is good. Mmm... maybe flying things at my window isn't such a good thing. Don't ask, and day dreaming does not damage your health! Well... only a little bit. Hmm... I'm gonna run around down stairs for a bit so my brain can frizzle out of overload. Yeay! (Freak them out why don't you?) Yup, that's what I do! Bisi!

 It's boring day today! Woohooo! I'm gonna see 8 legged freaks tomorrow though (WOOHOO!) with Emma and her older sissy *shoot me, I couldn't spell her name) Then on Friday we're ...going to see Stone Henge... I guess it's best that you don't ask, my dad's really excited about it. Hey maybe we can hitch-hike back to our home planet. :P Just kidding, that's a two hour flight! Ok, officially mad! Woohoo! Mmm... chocolate... hehe uhoh... am I going to see eight legged freaks today or tomorrow? Erm! ERM! Oksie, calmum downum (this always happens when I think about some thing too much, I get all muddled) tomorrow? Yup, tomorrow! Ok, I'm gonna run downstairs and watch kiddy tv bubi!

 Hmm... so... tired and sick. :( Not a good mix. But any way, my brother showed me this game - Crimson and it's sooo much fun! You just go around ...killing stuff! (Wouldn't have it any other way!) Hehe, but then it gets waaay too hard! And every thing's running at you! Aaargh! But I was alright *cough cough* Ok, ok, so I died in about 5 minutes geesh! Aargh, I need to get out of this house! I'm getting all cranky and every one's decided to bug me! Fun aye? Hmm... my dad's about to have his head amputated if he tried to kick me off one more time. PRIVACY! Does that mean nothing nowerdays? (People walk in when you're typing, isn't that private?) *crank crank KABOOM!* Better go! Bubi!

 So hey I've had fun today! Yes, sir! I've erm... derusted Reg! Finally woohoo! Apart from it took ages and doesn't look that good... great... Oh, I've also demoulded the bathroom, which involved putting purple stuff in the bits between the tiles with a toothbrush, then washing it off with a cloth then a wet toothbrush. Oh, then 'polishing' it with a dry cloth! Aaargh! my arm kills, and that took ages too! So less bored now, did any one else see Neighbours? Random question, but yeah... I me so it would have to be (EH?) Neighbours is so funny cause it's totally not serious! Mmm... aahhh! I need chocolate! I'll go get some bubbidibi!

 Hee! So ok, I watched Dirty Dancing... they all looked like chickens! Hmm... best not to ask, aye? So yeay! Clueless is on, and I'm gonna be weird and watch it, cause hey what would happen to me if I stopped going weird? I'm might become like... like... (it's ok katie, you can say it) like one of *them* eww *shivers* god, got to stay weird! Owchie! Ear pain! Aaahhh! Ok, I'll go get some ear drops (dermatitus again) *sigh* it's always some thing isn't it? Wow, cool thought! If I chopped off my head then that would just hurt and it would hurt so much that I wouldn't care about any thing else! (Yes, you wouldn't care because you would be DEAD) Ah, slight techinical hitch, hmm, suicide isn't on my list so guess I'll have to think of some thing else... On that happy note... buenos noches *or however you spell it* cu!

 urlLink http://uk.yahoo.com/margin/oe/?http://uk.news.yahoo.com/020823/80/d83kb.html Things around here just get weirder and weirder, don't they? Wow, weird is ei not ie! It's admazing! I've become enlightened! The future's bright... the future's pink! Ha! Ok, tea time! Mmm... tea and crumpets! (Whatever!) Bubi!

 urlLink http://www.popcap.com/ That's the coolest game website! It has Insanaquarium *or whatever it is* which is sooo much fun! Erm... yeah... that's all really, bubi!

 Aaaargh! So tired! We went to 'ye national trust house' place, you know, one of them... We took this picnic back pack that my mum got for her birthday and my mum made us 'pose'. Ok, so first we went for a long walk... into the middle of nowhere, like usual then we got covered in ants and walked back! Fun! Then we posed... and people stared (I was drinking ribena from a wine glass!) Scary huh? Oh, and yeah, it has a wine carrier on it! Mad! Just listening to Boy Hits Car, I'm totally gona! Woohooo! Hmm, some one didn't spike my drink did they? Mmm... so any way, then we walked up a big big hill! Soo steeeeep! Instead of going my way around, then we got stuck and had to leg it over a fence! Ooh, fun! Hmm, how was every one else's days? You're all on holiday! :'( It's just me! How depressing... and... boring! Hehe, you have to get back and save me from myself! Ahh... tomorrow = working for money so I can actually do some thing! (I've got 30p! 30!) Ok, bubi!

 Helo! I'm relaxed... ahh.... yeah, listening to Jon Mayer. Sorry, I tell people really weird... and uninteresting things... Woohoo! Still paranoid folks, yup that's me. Mmm... god, we're going 'national trust place to go' hunting today! Yeay! Seeing as it's bank holiday and no one's working... this should be fun! Hmm, I need to think of things to do, still gotta de-rust Reg. Oh, and then I've gotta de-mold the bathroom (woohoo!) and paint or wallpaper or some thing... I have the best life, huh? Not really, but then no one does. Is it me or is it freezing cold? Ok, ok, so anemic girl might not be the best one to ask about the temperature. (Permenantly freezing) Ok, so I'm going weird again (I thought you were permenantly weird) wear pink people! Spread the message... eat bourbons! ...Wait a sec, don't eat bourbons give them to meee!

 Hey! Ok, so warning to you lot who want to stay alive, never go to Cadbury Camp with my mum! She's like supremo 'don't worry i bet if we keep walking another say six miles then we'll get some where' and 'every road leads to home'! We went to Cadbury camp and ended walking about two miles to nowhere and found ourselves just down the road, apparantly we'd walked around in a big circle! Ooh fun! Then we made dad buy some strawberries *I'm having a very bad spelling day!* and then we walked back. Oh, I forgot to mention... OW MY KNEES! They kill, most of it was up and down hill, not flat and my knees hate that! (They're very particular) Any way, then my foot started hurting and it got very stupid, I'm okay now (I took some drugs) Yeay for drugs! Oook so slightly hyper... and bored! Come on people de-bore me! Mmm... nooo MORIS DANCERS! Can't... take... it... zzz... (Random huh?)

 Wow! Taikwondo! Soo cool! Hiwa... nah... KAPOWIE! Cool! How much fun would that be! Maybe we could find some one to test it out on! Muhahahaaa! *cough cough cough* Geez, all this fake coughing is getting to me in my old age. (14 is old age?) Well... yeah... I gues... (...not...) Ok, so it isn't but it seems old to me cause I've only been alive for 14 years so I don't really know and longer periods of time! (I'm sure that could of been put better with about three words but what the heck.) Hmm... we could always try to find Jon's house again! (We did that when he didn't come into Nailsea to meet us so we could go to Bristol *breathes*) Fun aye! I think I thought of some thing we could do in a dream... can't remember it though. I'm guessing it would have some thing to do with machine guns and killer teddy bears... maybe we couldn't doing that seeing as there are no killer teddy bears and my dad confiscated my machine gun. :'( *sob sob* So sad! (Weeeeeird!) Hey shut up! You're not even sure how to spell weird/wierd! (Neither are you!) Draw. *freaks of nature!* Thanks. I better go, I'm getting weird by the minute and I haven't had dinner yet! Sooo hungry! Bubi!

 heloo there, well i'm off to plymouth tommorrow and i'm coming back on tuesday night. i think we're having some kind of gathering or somethin. ahhh people i dont know! it was really scary today cos i was in the kitchen and then the people who are building our wall came through the back gate. i did'nt know they were coming today so i was a bit scared when they just walked in. anyway about stuff to do.....um. well we could go to the explore althoughi dunno how much it costs. ooooo! go to clevedon seafront and get a tennis court or play mini golf. wow how ...um ...cool. but it could be fun! we could stand on the end of the pier and freeze! i 'll think of more stuff while i'm away. i'll ask my aunt whos good at suggesting stuff to do. she'll probably tell us to go learn taikwondo. bye bye

 So hey, I'm bored and paranoid. (What's new?) Hehe, good point! I was getting all jeepers over doing French GCSE cause I'm not at all confident at French! (Damn teacher!) Have to get mum to teach me stuff. Sudden brain wave: What's new pussy cat? (You don't know that song?) Every one should! Ok, so when I said brain wave, I actually meant small ripple. :P Mmm... seeing as I'm bored I might go on typing my weirdo story! Yeay! Hey Izzy you gotta do Mr Fopple! First you have to get back from holiday... get back here!

 Heyho! Went to see MIB II todaysie! Oooh, and we got Flynne a bday prezzie! See you at the party Lynne... if my mum finds the invitation! She's really bad with loosing stuff, ah well. Any one want a lift? Mmm... ahh sooo tired! I've just been doing nothing since I got home and I hope it stays that way! Geez, I only have 30p left! I'm broke I tell ya! And in debt! *gulp* Nice Laura.... he... he. Weird, yurp definatly weird. Ahh but in the cinema this guy kept kicking my seat! *grumble grumble* Hmm, we need to find new things to do so far we've got: go to da zoosie, erm ashton court? and ahh other stuff! So basically not a lot! Yeay!

 So heeey! Geez, scary e-mail from some one about ICQ, even though I'm not with ICQ any more! Ok, so today we're going into Bristol yeay! Apart from I'm still anemic girl so we're gonna have to be wimpy and go and see a film! Yeay! Oh, and I'm gonna get Lynne a birthday prezzie! Yeay! Hmm... maybe I should dry my hair! Aargh, I'm running out of tops, they're all in the wash and I need them! I've worn the same top for two days! (Oh no! Shocking) Yeah, ain't it? On holiday my brother had the same pair of pants on for like all of the holiday and he only wore two shirts and some shorts! That's what Glastonbury does to you! Mind you, my brother doesn't really care about that kind of thing and it's starting to rub off on me! Aaargh! Is it me or is it freezing today? Okay, anemia kicking in fun! Better go put a jumper on, geez, every one else is gonna be wearing like summer stuff and I'm gonna be their in full winter wear!

 WAHAAAAA! Sorry, slightly hyper, I have been for like since we went on holiday! Yeay! OR it could be the music... Aaah, I watched the talented Mr Ripley today! Sooo depressing! It's about this guy, who kills this guy so then he has to go and kill two more guys! Fun aye? Sounds good... well erm it was *cough* It said moderate violence and there was all this beating up and smashing skulls in going on! Not moderate to me! Well... I am a wimp! I was jumping all the way through though. Better go watch depressing Eastenders, it's sooo funny!

 Anvils fall from the sky?!?! I thought they fell from the clouds! Hey, don't hit me so hard! *grumblr grumble* Well hey it's anemic girl again! WOOHOO! I don't recon I'll get very far as a super hero though... *dreaming... Ha! Take that woos punch because I'm anemic! Aaargh! SPLAT!* Yup, definatly not cut out to be a super hero! Yeah... hmm what about Izzy as Stink Girl! *dreaming... CABBAGE SMELL! Ha! Take that! Umm guys... why are you all unconsious? *can't spell** Hmm... maybe not, that would totally ruin her non existant social life! :O Laura as Cat Girl? *dreaming... Go THISTLE! *splat* Owch, that had to hurt the guy. Noooo! I've got fleas!* Maybe not... hmm, maybe we just better stay as goddesses after all.

 wow! there putting it in a book how cool!! its a really good poem too! tee hee the cartoon thing is funny. my favourite joke at the moment is the one with mcdonalds and wonderloaf. (vicar of dibley joke) they have the best jokes on there. i like the one about the mince pie and father christmas. anyway gotta go download more stuff.

 Have you ever had a cardboard-cut? It hurts.

 Ok, why has stu rex sent me an email with a virus attatchment??!! Thank god for McAffe virus scannie-thingie. Scary. I'm going to France at 4am tomorrow - yippeee!

 So that explains the anvil thing this morning!

 You know you're in a Cartoon when... 1. You get hit by a falling piano. 2. There's only one mail-order company. 3. Cow's are related to chickens. 4. When your beak gets blown off your face you can just pick it up, stick it back on again. 5. Frying pans are very malleable, especially to the shape of your head. 6. Bullets bend around pipes and/or rabbit holes. 7. Explosives only singe your hair. 8. Gravity is slower to take effect. 9. Anvils fall from the sky. 10. You can survive a nasty fall off the grand canyon. 11. Adults only have legs, and you never see their torso. 12. Bombs are always clearly labelled 'bomb'. 13. You eat sandwiches by swallowing them whole. 14. The local community contains an extraordinary high percentage of megalomaniacs trying to take over the world. 15. Your lifelong enemy is a mouse. 16. Your body can concertina back into shape after being run over. 17. You keep a dinosaur as a pet and nobody minds. 18. There are violins and glockenspiels wherever you go. 19. The animals talk, but the humans don't. 20. A rabbit or a duck the size of fully grown man is considered normal. 21. You don't need breathing apparatus to breathe in outer space. 22. Your pet cat is far smarter than you. 23. People with no fingers can pick things up? 24. You have a wardrobe packed full of the same outfit, and are not considered deranged. 25. Traps only work when YOU try them. Hee cool aye? I got it sent from Cartoon Network! Not that er... I'm on their mailing list or any thing! *cough cough gurble* Eww! Flem! Hmm, maybe all this fake coughing isn't good for me! Ooh, ok so link to Cartoon Network so they think twise before crashing down on me with a load of lawyers *can't spell!* urlLink http://www.cartoonnetwork.co.uk Oooh, and I got my poem into a book! Wow aye! I entered my poems late so I didn't have a chance but they're putting Dreaming in! Hehe, whoops it's called Dreams on fanfiction.net! Oh well! Go marvel at my brilliance! Or their stupidity for putting it in a book! urlLink http://www.fanfiction.net/read.php?storyid=758142 Oooh, wonder if I get a 5 WHSmith voucher! That's what we always get!

 Oooh! Story time kiddies. It was a dark and lonely night... (why do all my stupid stories start with some thing like that?) Mmm... actual crappy story! (Boo!) Hey that one was probably gonna be crap any way. (Good point) I was on the phone to Izzy and the next door neighbours dog was rolling all over our front lawn! It was covered in mud so I very bravely opened the front door and it stood and stared at me so I shut it. (Woos) Yup! Then it came over to the door and started barking! I was gonna get Izzy to come and scare it away if it didn't go but it did. But still, damn scary! (Yawn) Okay, okay. It was a dark and lonely night and the tomato ketchup bottle had been walking for miles, he needed a refill and it was only a few centimetres to the factory but still, it seemed like a far way to him. He was about to go into the factory when a fat policman pulled up in a car and picked him up... Okay, this is going nowhere! Bubi!

 Yeay! Go Laura! I saw the nuts today (Izzy and Laura) and we actually gave her our birthday present for her! (Does that sentance work? Ahh, nevermind!) We bought Hagen Das *whatever* well, actually two lots and I'm sooo full! I also cooked this pizza, and it came out burnt but the cheese still wasn't cooked! Aargh! I'm trying to finish off Izzy's miniture golf game, she's got 38 on this hole with a par of 4 and I can't do it! Ah, might as well round it up to a nice number like... say.... 50? Hehe, Izzy is +43 up! Wow, I actually putted it! Hehe... I gave up, I got stuck with Izzy's ball again, I think it's hoaxed! Or maybe the smell waves coming off it make it too big to go in the hole! Heee! Aren't I clever? Mmm... now for taking over the world, I'm really gonna have to do that some day.

 well hello people . i'm not dead. well nearly but not quite. yeh my mum told me about the message like this morning just before we were about to go out. so i have'nt heard it yet but yes i can do somethin tommorrow and i also think we should go to bristol on thursday. so yeah. ooo i get my brace taken off on october the eighth (YEy!!!) wow that came out wrong! and i have a jumper with thumbholes!!!!!!

 Heeey! Ok so hyper time! Oooh, crap I can't find my diary! Big AAARGH! Ehe... ehe... quite scared! Geez, my brother hasn't got it has he? HAS HE? CRAP! Ok, hehe, I'll just go surch for it! Serch? EH!? Search? Hmm, yeah, search. Sorry, getting a bit confused and helpsie then. I found it... well... at least my mum says it's in this bag... He... he... We haven't unpacked yet so that's why I keep having these 'oh crap I've lost some thing' thing. Mmm... need loo, great huh? Meet tomorrow maybe?

 Yeah! That's all we care about! BEEEEEEEEER! Yeay! Happy Birthday to Lynne when she reads this and it's her birthday... dumb logic!

 Wow, the beer sounds cool! So you had a good time then? I'm off to France on friday...fun! We should do something tomorrow (god, how many times have I said that lately?) because we need to give Laura her pressies that we erm...haven't got... heh heh... And I have to get a pressie for Flynnie-poos! Might get one in France. Everythings cheaper overseas...shame I have no money. I think Laura's dead. I've been trying to phone her. Oh well.

 Any way, sorry I'm hyper! I had eight hours sleep last night and I've been having soooo much coke! Did you know that over in Spain six bottles of beer is 1?!?! I mean WOW! So Spain was really hot and nice! We were staying in Maro near Nerja (Ner-ha... my Dad kept coming up with jokes about that *sigh*) The place we were staying in was really nice too and we had our own pool! Posh! The only problem was it was boiling hot! We took siestas *fancy word for nap* in the middle of the day cause otherwise you melt and then did stuff for the rest. All the families were in Nerja at about 9:00 still! Geez, that's like start of drunken time in Bristol. It was nice doing that and we saw street art like dancing and flame breathing (well blowing but what the hell) and this statue guy (greeeeat). Oh, I've caught more of my brother's weird humour and I've got even weirder cause I'm reading Catch 22 which is really weird but funny! Oh, btw Shiva is this God for some religion or other (or is it demi-god?) and I think she does have eight arms, she's also the cool ice gf on FF. :D Not that I know that... Uhuh, but I'm sure you know that! All the food was lush in Spain and I tried squid! It was all chewy and hard! Hehe, freak out guys! Oh, and you lot can't have Pringles cause they've got some type of animal fat in them or some thing! My brother said that and he knows! I'm not gonna eat them any way cause apparantly they burn really quickly which means they have a load of energy in them (ie fat and sugar mmm) Have you guys been doing get togethers and including every one? Oooh, I haven't seen Jon online for ages! Is he avoiding me or some thing? Oh, I bought some tacky Spanish music! Yeay! I'll gp put it on! Oh yeayyyy! Isn't this fun! Hehe, sorry slightly weird, I'll go phone one of you or some thing to arrange some thing now!

 HAHAHAHAAAA YOU FOOLISH CABBAGES I'M BACK! Hey, I read all your blogs and stuff, wow... *cough* hehe. Whosa u-know-who and what generally is going on? I'm lost! Any way, I'm gonna blog about stuff here, then Spain in the next one cause otherwise it comes out in one big block! Mmm, well you've all forgotten me! *sob sob* Thanks! And I'm typing so slowly cause I've been off this thing for two weeks... nooo! So Laura did you have a nice Birthday? Like the present? We still haven't got my mum one and Rik's gone out (big surprise) oh no, I forgot I've got to deal with all my e-mails. Great! Geez... online farmacy?!?! Ooh, I got you prezzies! (I want to keep them!) *grinz evilly* Hehe... I mean no I didn't! ERM! Shit, I've got this e-mail about signing up for some crap called Max Group B2B Services when I was in Spain... WHAT THE HELL'S GOING ON? Hmm... slightly confused! Any way I'm gonna post this cause I wanna go on about Spain!

 Do you remember that song - "One potato, two potato, three potato, four!" ?

 Aww poor laura! Can we call you Gappy? On the subject of potato cuisine...do you think that moulding a lump of mashed potato into the shape of a slice of bread, covering it in flour and putting it in the toaster would be a healthy alternative to toast? I've been wallpapering today - yay!! Laura you should have your screen name as Respect Potatoes! (how did i get from potatoes to wallpapering and back to potatoes again? Weird.) I'm doing a paperround on weekday mornings this week. It sucks. They even had the nerve to phone me up at 5:30pm and ask if I could to an evening round all week too, after bullying me into the one in already doing. "Hi Izzy, can you pleeeease do me a big big fav-" No! "Pleeeease do an evening round for me this week-" NO! "Oh go on-" NO NO NO! "Ok then bye." I'm telling you, I'm quitting after next week, I have seriously had enough of this sucky job. (Did you ever used to do potato printing when you were a kid?) My mum is obbsessed with the TV series "24" . Theres been 24 hour-long episodes and the series is set over 24 hours. Apparently its good, but my mum (being my mum) watched 23 episodes...all except the last one! She woke up at 6:30 this morning and goes - "Oh god, I've missied the last episode of 24!" But luckily theres a repeat on today, and theres been a sticky note on the TV since 8:30am saying - "Don't miss last espisode of 24 repeated at 10:30pm" ! Talk about obsessive! (Have you ever realised how nice potatoes are?) Aww - Malcom in the middle was sooooo funny. Ive downloaded the theme tune by They Might Be Giants. I've downloaded some of there other stuff. They're pretty cool. Potatoes...potatoes.... Oh thanks a lot Laura!

 wow i just spent the last five minutes talking about potatoes. SOMEBODY HELP ME.

 hello i have'nt blogged in two days. how terrible. the veggie meal sounds fun. potato,leek and cheese is one of my favourite combinations.seriously the whole of the universe should eat potatoes i think. they are my very favourite food cos you can make all the best stuff out of them. chips (mmmmmmmmm), crisps, roast potatoes, mashed potato (mmmmm), potato waffles, potato alphabites, potato happy smilies, umm, potato soup (which i think sounds weird but it's actually really yummy) and a whole lot of other stuff (basically i'm runnin out of ideas) oh yeah, jacket potatoes. this is like respect the potatoes. cool. hey i did'nt know you could get chocolate cactuses! (cadbury's chocolate, get it?) okay so unfunny thing of the year. i think shiva is actually a really cool name for a cactus with eight arms. about ice skating i dont know when but not tuesday cos i have to go to the awfuldontist. do you that since i've had my brace theres a gap between my two bottom teeth that was'nt there before. correct me if i'm wrong but is'nt a brace supposed to mend gaps not MAKE THEM?

 Hehe, I've just dowloaded Old MacDonald by the Tweenies!

 Hehe, I had fun today trying to make a veggie meal. "Vegetable and cheese rolls" - more like "Potato cheese and leek smush" . Oh well, at least my parents liked them (or it). Brendan came home from Cadbury's with some cactuses - "One's called Shiva because it has eight arms - " Right... "- And the other one's called Spike." Hehe, I remember having a cactus when I was 6 - i called it FFFFGGGGHHH! Don't ask why!

 Yeah, we should. When are we gonna go skating then? Fun fun! Laura H is back on saturday so maybe monday?

 ohhhhhhh, yeh i really know what ur talkin about. u-know-who???? wow i'm havin a dumb moment again. these are becoming more and more frequent. you know i'm starting to get worried. anyway we should try and cheer her up if shes upset. maybe she'd want to come ice skating?

 OHHHHH - that "you-know-who"! Who have they "gone off" with??!! And what do you mean by "gone off"??

 Lynee, who is you-know-who?? And which friend, exactly??

 Wow!! I do that 2! Laura H aint happy because U no who has gone off with one of our friends!!!! I'll email u more details if i can b bothered wich i probably cant!!!!!!!!!! toodles!

 alright,alright dumbest person in the world over here.how was i supposed to know everyone knew that? and there was me thinking that i was being clever and you just burst that bubble didnt you. as for posting it twice i guess i was just excited by my what turned out to be not-so-cleverness.*breathes sigh of relief that chocolate stain is gone* i think we did a pretty good job of that. ahhhhh stupid thing, like evry five minutes this thing pops up telling me i've got ten new email messages. I DONT CARE!!! if i did then i would have checked them by now. i dont know about the wow thing. i do that sometimes.

 Wow, why do my posts always start with wow?

 Wow, did you know that I have a great-uncle Gilbert?!

 Wow, Laura - you've exelled yourself again, not only did you tell us something we've all known for ages (kazaa), but you posted it twice! Erm, you also left your pepsi at my house...mind if I drink it? (Tee hee) Awww poor Laura! Oh yes and...*lowers voice* (you can't see the chocolate stain on the carpet anymore unless you look very hard...I don't think mums seen it yet.)

 hey kiddies, well today was fun. me and izzy discovered the new tesco's store. it's big and scary but we think that at the moment its better than somerfields but not if they build the road. smeelly peeps. tee hee i just downloaded the song from spongebob squarepants. how stupid can you get. so anyway. hey! i'm not talking to myself anymore! big enthusiastic yey people, okay fine then. be mean. see what i care. oh yeh, in teco's ben and jerrys ice cream is cheaper. it's 3.27 in there and it's like three fifty everywhere else. so yeh... bargain.they had scooby doo at tesco's as well. in the flesh. oh and they sell pez dispensers, i have one and it's mickey mouse. did you know that you can download more than one thing at once on kazaa? i did'nt but thats probably just me being really dumb again but whatever. gotta go, see ya

 hey kiddies, well today was fun. me and izzy discovered the new tesco's store. it's big and scary but we think that at the moment its better than somerfields but not if they build the road. smeelly peeps. tee hee i just downloaded the song from spongebob squarepants. how stupid can you get. so anyway. hey! i'm not talking to myself anymore! big enthusiastic yey people, okay fine then. be mean. see what i care. oh yeh, in teco's ben and jerrys ice cream is cheaper. it's 3.27 in there and it's like three fifty everywhere else. so yeh... bargain.they had scooby doo at tesco's as well. in the flesh. oh and they sell pez dispensers, i have one and it's mickey mouse. did you know that you can download more than one thing at once on kazaa? i did'nt but thats probably just me being really dumb again but whatever. gotta go, see ya

 Happy Birthday Laurapooos! Hope you're having a good one, sorry I wasn't there, it's 5pm and I got back about an hour ago!! Maybe we can do somefink tomorrow? Sounds like you've been having fun anyway. You know you mentioned something a while ago about wanting to learn to rollerblade in the summerhols? We should sooo do that this week and next week too! I'm off to La France in two weeks, and I have noooo money left so I'm not really sure how I'm gonna survive in France with all the amazing shops, or how I'm gonna get my hands on a pair of rollerblades for that matter. Anyway, Eastbourne was ok, they have some pretty cool shops (does she ever talk about anything else??) but god - everyone is so damn SLOW in Eastbourne! Not just the elderly people, I'm telling you, EVERYONE just crawles along at the pace of a snail! Hmmm..what else happened...oh yeah my dad's bike got nicked (oh dear) and the insurance company is being shitty...I got a cool new top! Its blue and it looks like it's had paint thrown all over it! Brendan is making me laugh sooo much - he's convinced that if he screws his face up and concentrates very hard he can make his hair stand on end (weird kid). Oh yeah, and you have to read Coram Boy by Jamila Gavin, it is soooooo good. I spent a whole day reading it from beggining to end and I cried at the end soooo much! :'( *Tries to imagine Lynne reading it* Arghh! We saw these distant relatives that I've never met before who seemed to remember me, and I was sitting there seething silently and felt like an animal in the zoo "Aww isn't she pretty!" Give me a break, just because you can't think of anything to say!! I'd have given anything at that moment for a sign that said - "Don't bang on the glass" to hang round my neck. Got back to find a postcard from Beki - "Hello Izzy - gone a bit mad in Scotland (I danced around the co-op.) Scotland is totally amazing, I saw an otter AND a golden eagle in the wild ! Oh, and doesn't the picture just shout - "Mr.Nutbrown" ! - Trekkie" The picture on the front is an old statue of Robert the Bruce! Erm, whatever you say Beki...

 wow, woo hoo it's my birthday tommorrow! fun. well not much has been goin on today, my grandparents came last nite and we went out this morning. ooo and during this time i discovered two very cool things: 1. they sell cookie dough in somerfields (mmmm) and 2. you know the monkey of the itv digital adverts well they sell them in occasions! im gonna get one i think cos he is very cool. also yesterday i discovered that alex from big brother is now in a domestos bleach advert. i thought that was funny. you have to watch the show to understand though, hes kinda like obbessed with clean guy. oh it was soooo funny yesterday cos everyone was out and i was bored so i decided to make a cake. which sounds simple enough but not if your me. believe me. i did everything wrong, then thought sod it and put it in the oven (very very nearly dropping it on the floor whilst doing so) funny thing is that it actually tastes quite nice. why am i telling you this. this is pointless crap. pointless pointless random crap. oh well. ahhh kazaa is annoying me cos it keeps telling me i need more sources or somethin like that. it's probably just me messing it up. oh yeh thistles back!!! shes loads fatter cos my grans too kind and gives in whenevr thistle wants food even though shes just eaten. hee hee oh well shes cuddlier that way. do you that i went to newshop today and they did'nt have one single lollipop. scandilous.

 heloo guys, it sounds like theres been some very weird stuff goin on while i've been on the moon. yeh they have great cheese there this time of year. nah i've been in italy. you all kept saying that you did'nt know where i was so i thought i'd tell ya. italy was soooooo nice. it was really warm and we went swimming in the lake and then we went to verona and saw the ampthitheatre (or however you spell it) we did'nt go in though. we went to the dolomites which was really amazing and we had to go up all this seriously windy roads in a coach to get there which was a bit scary (understatement of the year) and then we got to go on this cable car that takes you up to the highest bit. i was shit scared at the beginning but after that it was really cool. i read all the blogs you wrote while i was away and got scared but thought that the model animation thing sounded like SO much fun. and i want to see it. we all have to do somethin sometime, like when everyones back from holiday and everythin we should all go to bristol and stuff. when does everyone get back though cos i've been back for almost two days now and have'nt been out of the house and it's bloody raining again it was absolutley pissing it down earlier (or as my dad likes to say,peeing it down) it even rained in italy for the last couple of days. if it rains on my birthday i'm just gonna go out and dance in it. so i dont really know when you all get back so i'm just gonna keep bloggin on here for a while. oh i just realised i just talkin to myself if ur all away. i guess i kinda am anyway, i like to talk to myself though. dont always listen but... nevertheless... oh dear my mums singin in the kitchen. scary. and theres no escape cos it echos all over the house when you sing in our kitchen. that song sounds cool. i have'nt downloaded it yet but i will. have'nt heard anything from trevor in a while, probably planning some kinda major attack. oh dear my mum and sister appear to be getting over excited about whizzing tomatoes up in the blender. thats when you know you're realy losing it.

 Oooh, note for Laura! Download Trevor's Pole by Lubby Nuggett oh and don't ask! Bit of a weird name, but it's the one that says don't trust any one named Trevor! Thought you might appreciate it more than me seeing as your neighbours and every thing.... Get your mum to listen to it! Ahh, I'm so happy, we won't have to cope without music or tv in spain! They have a tv and a cd player so we're taking a load of cd's! Oh, the cats have gone. :'( Mango was trying to escape out of the basket and he was hogging all the room! Cleo was squashed up in the corner some where and Mango was just going mad. I don't think they wanted to leave us! Aww, how cute... Or maybe some one forgot to feed them this morning...? Mmm... well Broadie was sitting silently so I think they had been fed. Aww, I'm leaving for two weeks! (Duh!) Hmm, I'll miss every one! I better go.... do what I do...? Bubi!

 urlLink http://www.somethingawful.com/ Hehey! Weird website huh? I'm very disappointed not to find a website about taking over the world! If there is one some one tell me! Mmm... that could be good, it would make my job a lot easier! Aww, I'm gonna be gone tomorrow! I'm gonna miss my cats and my bunny! I'll miss my friends too! Yeah, I always do. I always do this thing about what'll happen if the plane crashes or some thing like that, you won't get to say goodbye but I think that you don't need to say goodbye because people should know how you feel about them. Hey I'll have fun taking over Spain. Sorry went a bit deep then and I couldn't see the bottom! Ok so I'll go stew some oak (EH?) busi!

 Owchie, my ear hurts! Last time that it hurt and we went on an aeroplane it killed on the way down and I couldn't hear for a day afterwards! Complete non-hearing and owchie did it hurt! Yeay! Pointless blog! Erm, oh, wanted to say that I completely support putting the EAD races in with the able bodied races. Yeay! Any way, it stinks that they don't do that usually! So every one, pease, love and support the EAD races in the Commonwealth Games!

 So hey! Actually... we're going tomorrow! No one told me! Well, ok, they did but usually these days my head is swimming and I only take a bit in. Unless I concentrate a lot. Great now I sound like a bimbo! Erm... any one heard of pink cheese? (Rubbish subject change, real rubbish) I try my best! :D I'm gonna go watch the triatholon *whatever* now cause we're actually winning it! I seriously need a holidiay, I'm so grouchy! Well, slight other reason for that but any way. Ever noticed that cheese is actually pink? *sigh* (You tried that already) Right, right, just checking if you were watching/listening! My brother has a leather *whatever* jacket! and some sandles, he bought them yesterday! Slight difference, I mean boiling hot jacket and freezing cold sandles...? Mmm, but any way the jacket was 20 cause it had a rip in it but the man said you can fix it back together with tip-ex! Okay, okay I'm going! Bubi peeeps! *sob sob* See you in either two weeks or see you tomorrow! I might go on the net on Spain... but I'll probably be extra hyper and happy! (Scary!)

 Hey I made the page really big, sorry, it's that link I put in! It should shrink soon, once the link's been put away in the archives! Unless the little green men happen to have a shrinking product... no? Oh well *sigh* Hey if I do get a .nu (not this again) I'll have to have a 'adopt a little green man' thing! Then if your page goes wrong you can blame it on the little green man! Ooh, fun! And I could have different pictures, like on of him hanging over a fire... and different stuff! Hehe, feeling evil again! I'm gonna be unleashed *whatever* on Spain at some thing like 8 o'clock their time tomorrow! Yeay! We're heading to the airport at 2 and knowing my Dad the plain probably takes off at 4 or some thing... *sigh* Any way they're an hour ahead so think of me! I will, listen to Manu Chao, I am it's setting me into the Spanish mood. I'll think of you while I'm swimming outdoors in the sun. :D (*shivers* horrible mental image) Hey the sun isn't that bad! (No, you in a swimming costume!) HEY! GRR! Remind me why I don't just chop you off. (Err... because of my devilsh good looks?) Grr... (Because I eat all the food you don't like...) Ok, deal, but I'm still mad! MUPPETS!!! AAARGH! Ahh... better... I'm goona go bisi!

 urlLink http://gamespot.com/gamespot/filters/products/0,11114,516587,00.html I want it! Yeay! Ok, so slightly kiddy but I can add it to my other whole 2 and I mean 2 PS2 games!

 Aargh! I just realised that I don't know what loo is in Spanish! Erk! So what does erk mean...? Any way, I'll be checking that out on babble fish unless I find that I can go without needing the loo for two weeks... ok, straight to babble fish! Mmm... hehe, I'm gonna have fun looking for tacky presents for you lot! (You better get me one too!) Hehe, might get Izzy some Spanish thing and watch her try and translate it! Ooh, I'm feeling evil! What are we gonna do about Laura's birthday present? How are we gona give it to her? Oh well, I guess it's okay if you give it to her Izzy, you can tell me the reaction! Laura, you better practise your 'wow this is great' thing, because you're gonna need a lot of practise with what we got you! Hey, no one's here, well my Dad is but he's asleep. He's mega stressed from work and I have a feeling that we all need this holiday! Every one needs a holiday, especially when you go to our school with those certain lovely lettuces who feel it is their constant duty to remind us how much we need to get away from them. Yep, ultra nice people aren't they, to remind us alllll the time. (Little too much on the sarcasm.) Oh, I'm sorry, have a block of gold. (*raises eyebrow* Forgot to take the pills again, huh?) Yerp bubi!

 Yeay! Holiday! Have a fun time Izzy, oh and sorry little green men but this won't be updated for like milleniums cause I'm away for two weeks and Izzy's away for a week! We don't quite know where Laura is... Me and my brother have kind of mucked up, we both forgot to get my Mum a birthday present and her birthday's during the holiday (9th) but she wants one from England! So we're kind of throwing a few ideas together and trying to get her Shrek! She's wanted it for ages, wow, another stupid kiddy video to add to our collection! Yeay! Mmm... we are quite dumb with presents at our house. Hey wow Izzy, you got one of those flying cars? Wow... that would be ...weird, wouldn't that be a weird sort of aeroplane?

 Ok....Katie you definately need that holiday. I'm off to visit relatives today (woo-diddlie-hoo) and I'll be there for a WHOLE WEEK! Arghhh, I think I need shooting more than Katie. I might end up inundating you with texts, Katie, sorry I'll be very very bored. Bleugh, a whole week of making endless cups of tea. Hehehehe, you'll be having fun in Spain I guess, trying to ask some Spanish amigo where the nearest loo is ("Que?"). Well whatever happens, it can't be as bad as the last time we went to France. We all got headlice and had to go into a French pharmacy and ask for head-lice conditioner - "Erm...tu as le..le shampoo pour les petit, erm...petit things dans ma chevuax...dans la tete...erm...???" And then the French guy slammed this bottle on the counter (apparently) as if to say - "Get out of my country, you filthy English."! Anyway, erm well see you in about three weeks, because I don't think any of our holidays co-incide, (what are we going to do about Laura's birthday???) and erm, have fun! I'm just about to get in the car and fly...fly to...Eastbourne. Great.

 Heeey, my computer's got a blank screeny bit on the bar at the bottom and it won't go away. (I'm my usual confusing self.) Computer's have spaces in them, to be full with information. (Uhoh, now she's going moral) Like us, I guess, we have gaps in our brains, some larger than others Izzy and when we learn they are filled. (WARNING: Moral overload) We have gaps for emotions, personally my evil one's full at the moment, being a evil three headed monkey isn't all fun you know, I have evil paper work to do and stuff! (Ok, so it's subsided *whatever that means* in to weirdness, well, it's normal for me!) Ahh... music relaxes me so much, nothing else does! That's why I love playing the piano... how ...interesting... I'll go hide with some orange juice! Time to drink! (God, that's hard stuff you're drinking) Yeah, but I don't care! Ha! I'm a self confessed *whatever that means too* orange juice adict! *shock* Ok, I'm seriously going bubi!

 Geez no one's shot me yet, I'm disappointed in all of you. Uhuh, I've been around my brother for too long! Well, he came home today so that means I've been around him for about three hours, seeing as he left. Three hours is waaay too long to be around him! His madness catches and we usually end up doing stupid stuff and blaming it on irish logic, ahh how weird. Ahh! I'm gonna be stuck with him for two weeks! Oh well, guess I'll just have to bribe him with chocolate like I did last year. Or tie him up... *grins a evil grin evilly* (How much grin and evil can you fit into one sentance?) If I was to grin an evil grin evilly then I'd evilly grin the evil grin with as much evil grin as I evilly could. (I had to ask) and I had to tell! *badumchee* See what I mean? And only after three hours! Ahh, I've had this up for ages time to click post & publish kiddies. Bisi!

 Hi guys! Do you need a moral lift? Or are you just confused? (Cut the sales gimmic, no one's here any way.) Riiight, I'm talking to myself again *sigh* comes to some thing when you start doing that. urlLink http://www.fanfiction.net/read.php?storyid=880217 Every one say 'oh god not again, katie wrote a poem late at night and it's deep and meaningful' YEAY! Hehe, well actually I'm having a lot of trouble getting to sleep, I start off too cold and end up too hot! So I usually end up reading or writing but then I figure it's 12 and I have to be up at 8, that's always a bummer. Hey, I'm kind of going freaky on fanfiction, yeay I'm putting my weird Ant story on! (That should keep em running) :D Spread the freakiness people! (Even though I'm doing a good job by myself).

 Hmm... this thing just needs one big kick doesn't it? So do I! I need to do a whole load of stuff! I need to de-rust this metal sheep called Reg and I need to write out a load of Spanish, kick some guys ass on FFX and give Broadie a hug. (You really had to think to ask, didn't you?) Hehe, they didn't! Well... their's no out out there and unless the little green men have come back again! HEY! COME BACK WITH MY COUNTER! *beats them with a citrus flavoured HTML script* Hehe, that should teach them! Hey... don't go... Or do, it's your choice, as far as I know (which is about 2cm of sugar tape) this is still a free country and hey, we're not in Iraq are we? Well... I hope we aren't! Hmm... maybe some people came and picked up the house and flew it over to Iraq? Maybe my imagination is too big... Hehe, that would be funny! Imagine seeing a house fly past! Ok, so now they picked it up and started flying, it was stupid in the first place! Oh Izzy! Mr Fopple! urlLink http://uk.news.yahoo.com/020802/140/d6koc.html Things get a bit freaky don't they... I'm gonna go hug Broadie!

 *Pleads with the little green men* Give it back? Pleeease! Hey you're all lephricauns! Sorry, again...

 Hihooo! I worked out what happened to the flooble box! (Uhoh, extra long weird story time huh?) Yup! :D Well... these little green men came onto the page and ripped it out leaving a massive hole, they then took it deep into the depths of the internet where they probed it for information on walabys (come on stick with it even if it is pointless and has crap spelling) Aha, but their's no hole in the page you see? Well, what happened is a pink bunny came along and looked at the hole, it then proceeded to jump in the hole so the hole was gone! However the pink bunny wasn't big enough so a load of termites came along and force fed it pumpkins. They then sped up time and the bunny filled the gap, then a big lasar shot the bunny and the hole completely disappeared! :O! Poor bunny! (Geez I'm weird) Sorry, haven't taken my pills today! Bubi!

 Hey, me again! I think the flooble's been deleted or some thing (...?) Weird huh! Those guys at flooble don't love me any more! :'( Mmm... weird streak? Must of come from days of seeing Izzy! (Aaargh!) Hehe, so fuuun! I've been on a creative day today! I tried to tidy my room but I ended up making it into a creative mess! Yeay! I had ska music on, my red light and I was actually cleaning up my room - it was madness! But no one's phoned and saved me from myself! :'( Usually I have to answer the phone about a billion times and it's never for me any way! Oh well. Mmm... now I'm halucinating the doorbell and the phone! Oh yeay! ...without even taking drugs, god aren't I admazing! (Not amazing!) Better go sit downstairs so I can pass the door and make sure I'm not going crazy!

 For the love of Jim the flooble's messing up! Aaargh and I have to contact Claire and eeek, I do way too much! Well it seems like it, last night I was running around like the lunatic I am trying to contact people to arrange some thing that isn't even happening now! I hope no one'll turn up cause I'm trying to unarrange it now and I can't be bothered to contact the people I don't think'll turn up! Ahhh!

 Aaargh how are we gonna eat? Hmm, I know the mouth's a good place but it's getting so old! Aha... ok then! So meet up today aargh to see MIB2, I wonder if any one will actually come... We did kind of arrange it last minute didn't we! Not like any one would come any way, or would they? Ok... so erm Izzy isn't coming... I might as well phone Claire and cancel seeing as no one else is gonna turn up, be funny if they did though! Herm, to cancel or not? Aaargh, I need more sleep! Hmm... I'll go figure bubi.

 Hey! Interest! Hehe... *cough* erm please don't! You smeanie! You're writing a yuugi? EH? Do you mean you're writing a manga? Cool! Can I seee! Please! I've given up trying, it's like a holy thing that you have to be perfect at for me! Geez, obsessed much? Yeah! And proud of it!

 well heloo there. dammit cant stop sneezing. im writing a yugi. well not really but that sounds cool! yey im downloading the new feeder song!! its soooo cool. yey. yey.yey!!!!!!! sorry dont know where that came from. wow theres a bunch of people half my size (and probably age) are having some kinda slanging match outside my house. how stupid there just stood there telling each other to fuck off. why dont they just leave if they dont want to talk to the other people. oh yeh to look 'cool' . well they've suceeded in looking cool if cool means incredibly sad. hee hee i bet that 99.9% of the visits to this are just us. so katie about that five pounds im thinking of charging interest...

 Heeey! I had fun in Bristol! I got Ranma 1/2 1 and erm... lemme go check... Kazan which no one has heard of! Yeay! It's good though. But... now I'm in debt to Laura! 5! Shocking aye? Actually... I better go and earn the money!

 Oh, sorry the flooble was mucking up the page and made it take ages to load! Erm, and yeah the 2000 visits probably were us *cough cough* Hehe :) Yeah! Nuriko's a man! That bit's sooo funny! Erm I don't think you can do that thing with Fushigi Yuugi (it's written like that cause of the hat over the u) It apparantly doesn't exactly mean Mysetious Play, it means some thing else... or some weird thing like that. And it might have all that stuff with Yuugi can only be put there and there are loads of meanings for play... you know, crappy french type things. (No offence to French people, it's just our teacher's crap) Mmm... but I don't speak Japanese so I wouldn't know!

 Ok, wait a minute - If "Fushigi Yugi" ("The Book") means "Mysterious Play" , then can we go around saying - "Wasn't William Shakespere a great yugiwrite?" ? and "Wow, Mr.K's written a yugi." And "The cause of Katie's mental state is an unsolved fushigi." ? Nah. Ok well it was worth a try.

 Wow - exactly 2000 visits!! Ok well about 90% of them are probably us, but oh well...

 *sniff* Katie I'm still pooed off that you got rid of the Fooble. :( It was sooo cool! But the groovy blob thing is cool. (Stop banging your heads against the wall you sad veiwers and scroll to the bottom!)

 OMG - "The Book" *beam of light breaks through clouds* was SOOO GOOD! I read it in HALF AN HOUR!! (Nuriko's a man!!) Oh god, I'm gonna be stuck all weekend going - "I want the third one!" Katie - Get the fourth one in Bristol!!! They're so good and easy to read, you could just sit in the shop and read a whole one in one go and you'd be done before they could notice! Awww I wish I could come tomorrow but I'm at orchestra, and I've got loads of catching up to do from being ill. Newshop guy phoned and asked if I could do a round on saturday mornings - ("Yes! Thankyou orchestra!") Ahhh I'm in demand. Speaking of orchestra - sorry, but - HOLY SHIP! I have an ASSESSMENT (I don't think I can even spell asses...assess...ases...a-asess...(ah heck) - the word . argh) tomorrow!!! Smellllllllll..... AND I've gotta get going on my music coursework - first composition has to be in by December 18th. Oh it's cool - me and Laura and Beki and Jen (and everyone) at school orch get to dress up as vampires for another one of Mr.Kelly's overly-eccentric school productions *cringes at memories of Piratemania. Eugh.* Is it me or is everything about music right now? Heheh, English was so funny. I had to take a role infront of the class and be questionned by everyone. You could have fried an egg on my face.

 urlLink

 urlLink I'm pretty damn hard core! Fear me!

 urlLink wow cool!

 ooo heloo

 wow katie five blogs in one day! thats quite a record.hee hee. hmmm so anyway. ooo izzy hows 'the book' (puts on an important voice) its sooooo good. lol well i have to go present hunting tommorrow. ahhhhhhh its so hard. hmmm well off to do some dumb quizzes .bye!

 MR FOPPLE!!! urlLink http://www.fanfiction.net/read.php?storyid=787588 IZZY YOU HAAAVE TO FINISH IT! YOU HAVE TO BECAUSE... erm... this is the voice of the mysterons...? Any way, you really should cause I think it's kind of good! In a scary and weird kind of way! Let's see how long we can keep the stupidity going! (As long as we're alive I guess) Hey! And don't get any ideas about killing me so you won't have to do it... *gulp* not that you would now that I've told you what to think... Quick! Some one get me a shovel so I can dig my way out of this pit! Or is it a ladder so I can climb out?

 urlLink http://www.anime-skins.com/winamp2/x/xdown.asp What a cool skin! Hey Izzy you should download Winamp! It's sooo cool! Well, it's gotta be if you can have some thing looking like that! (See link) Tea time! :D Bubi!

 urlLink http://www.vitalog.net/ Oooh fun!

 Just saw this advert for lingerie saying 'feel like a woman'! Maybe it's for men...

 Any way onto happier things... Harry Potter... Or Harry Peter as the Spanish copiers like to call it! (Go them! Bypass copyright law!) urlLink http://uk.news.yahoo.com/020927/80/daka5.html Aparantly people are booking for the cinema tickets already. Has it come to a point where no one really cares how good it is, just that 'I've seen it'? Hasn't it become more like a fashionable thing to do, and every one's got to like it. Does any one really care about how good the film is? I thought the first one was crap! I thought Lord of the Rings was admazing though! I wouldn't buy the Harry Potter film, and I openly say that. I honestly also thought the fourth book was crap. But it seems to of become a second bible, and the moment any one says any thing about how it's bad they're some how doing a bad thing, aren't we supposed to share our oppinions? Ok, so I might not be the best person at explaining things, but do you still get the gist of what I'm saying? Mmm... I'll go run back into my hole *snatches some monster munch*, can't survive without them!

 Aaargh! We just got warned about this peidophile in class, aparantly we're not supposed to talk to him and ignore him and all that stuff. But hell, it's damn scary to know that some one is going round and could easily *take advantage* of some one. I don't really want to think about that...

 Hey if staying in makes me this clever then I'm all for not going to school!

 One other thing... all this stuff about designing your own child, would you? Say you did, would your child be happy knowing that they were what you wanted, not what they wanted. Would they have a right to blame you if some thing bad happened to them because of their looks? And say you didn't. Say that they thought they were fat and ugly and every one else was perfect. Would they not then blame you for not deciding to design them and make them thin and pretty - all the things we supposedly want. If they were dumb and you could have chosen to make them clever would they blame you? Surely it would get stupid because every one would be stupidly clever. Who would be left to do all those jobs that every one does for a holiday job when they're a teenager? These jobs still have to be done. Maybe robots will do it, but then the electricity is needed and we're polluting our environment enough as it is. In the future are we going to solely depend on robots? Will we rot away in our houses never doing and exercise or any work that requires moving? Will socializing be done over holographic phones so you need not go any where? What happens if all the robots break, then how will we survive? Will we again rot away, what ever we choose. Will I ever shut up? (Sorry had to add that in, stupidly long string of questions!) I strive to think so others need not. I help others think so I may not. I try to do both, so questions have answers. (EH? Ahh well... bubi!)

 Let me get philosphical with you. (Geez, really should learn how to spell, it kind of backs up that intelligent look.) Eeek! Some one looks intelligent??? Any way, back to serious (riiight) I should stop reading those Jostein Gaardner books they make me go all phsychological! *is that right?* Well... look at this urlLink http://www.observer.co.uk/uk_news/story/0,6903,545653,00.html Or read on... I don't really care, I'm happy in my pink haven. :) (Really needing to get out more) Do you think robots will take over the world? (LOL!) Sorry, sounds sooo stupid! Well... robots don't have a consciousness right? So they have no desires or needs, they don't hate or love, so why should they want to or ever get that idea into their heads? It would have to be planted by a human and they would have to be trained to kill, they would never want to because they would never be able to want any thing. So basically... in theory if they were programmed to they could... But some one would have to programme them, and the machines that make them, and the transport. If that person died then where would we be? However you look at it, a human would have to be behind every robot. Was the egg not before the chicken? Ahh... I have no more thoughts on this subject (cause I'm tired and ill) so say what you want in my meaningless void of silence.

 Okay, I just got a damn scary e-mail! First of all it started off by saying 'Dear Sir' Sir? I'm a girl thank you very much! I suggest that you don't call me Sir unless you have a sudden liking to kerosene. Then it went on to say some thing about 'I got your impressive information through the chamber of commerce and industries on foreign business relations here in Lagos' EH? What the hell is Lagos and information? I'm a 14 year old girl for bob's sake! Then it said 'The said amount was USD 12.5 M (twelve million five hundred thousand United States Dollars).' about this money this guy's 'kin' was supposed to get. I mean umm ...ERM? Wow, it's a conspiracy! Well, I guess it brightens up my spam box! Then, wait, there's more 'In fact I could have done this deal alone but because of my position in this country as a civil servant, we are not allowed to operate a foreign account and it will eventually raise an eye brow on my side during the time of transfer because I work in this bank.' BIGGER EH? I'm only 14! I'm not allowed to be in conspiracys! Wow, wonder if I get a CIA file on me! (:P) 'I will not fail to inform you that this transaction is 100% risk free. On a smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will be entitled to 20% of the total sum as gratification, while 5% will be set aside to take care of expenses such as telephone bills that may arise during the time of transfer and while the remaining 75% will be for me and my partners.' ERMMM! Sounds dodgey huh? I'M 14! Yeah, and sooo many people have notyetcracked@hotmail.com as their e-mail addy, so it's easy to see why they sent it to me... NOT! I mean, who would rightly send that type of e-mail to notyetcracked@hotmail.com in the first place? notyetcracked and they still don't get that I'm an imature teenager! 'Please, you have been advised to keep top secret as we are still in service and intend to retire from service after concluding this deal with you' 'either in your country or any country you may advise us to invest in.' Way to go guys, you finally found a way to freak me out! Oh, I sent them a reply saying 'Erm... I'm 14.' Great huh? Yeah, go meeee!

 Hey! Sooo this is really small! (Like size 8 for all you normal font sizes people) Apparantly it's cause my brother changed the resolution from 5/12 to 10/24 ....whatever that means! So this is really small! Aaargh! (Yeah, think I've gone over that already) But wow... this is so small! urlLink http://www.darwinawards.com/ I've read the book! Some of the stuff was seriously dumb! Ahh, I've got Chemistry homework to do :(. I mean what the hell is simple and fractioned distillation? Our teacher didn't tell us and we're supposed to do this homework? And what the hell does it mean by 'in a table?' EH????

 So how is every one? Have fun at school? I was just thinking about how Izzy probably went to school and I didn't! Aaargh! I'm sorry! You're probably going mad for the second book already! I want the forth! :'( Okay, I'm still having that major debate about whether to get the fourth book or buy a different one...? Hmm, I was thinking about taking a teenie weenie little break from FY cause you can have too much of a good thing! (Yeah right!) Any way I'm gonna go watch tv, peace guys.

 urlLink http://uk.news.yahoo.com/020925/80/daczc.html Hehe I love you yahoo! It just can't be dumber! "Muggle" -- Rowling's made-up word for people who are not wizards -- is still listed only as an early 20th century American slang term for a marijuana cigarette. Cool huh? Wonder if it's one of those things like the Puff the Magic Dragon thing?

 Heeey! Just got a new Winamp skin from here urlLink http://www.cosmosstudio.net/skins.shtml I got the Clover one! Aww, it's sooo cute!

 Eurrrgh owchie my head hurts.

 urlLink http://www.phillyburbs.com/ghosts/Ghostphotos.shtml Oooh, freaky. Sorry trying to take my mind off of feeling sick ...Eeerugh sick. urlLink http://www.benjerry.com/halloween/ OMG BEN & JERRY WEBSITE! See you in a few hours!

 Woohooo! Anime's on tonight on the sci-fi channel... well, it's on every night! They're showing Rayearth, the original manga of that Magical Knight Rayearth was done by CLAMP so it should be good! But it's on at 00:05! What are they trying to do to us?! Grrr... stupid Sci Fi channel! But hey, at least they're actually showing anime, it's almost extinct apart from that over in England. Oh yeah, tacky stuff like Hamtaro and Pokecrap are still around though... but I'ld be much happier if they became extinct! Hehe... I figure if I stay up till 23:00 then I can get most of the anime recorded... well you've gotta give me points for trying! I might as well just stick the recorder on when I go to bed and leave it to record 3 hrs. Damn that! Why can't it be 6? Eurrrgh... sick coming up, yeah that's why I'm at home. I feel really sick, can't stop coughing and have a heavy head... reeeally bad cold! Blueeergh... damn I do feel really sick... urlLink http://www.allhallowseve.com/makeup/index.html so... pointless! I don't even know why I found it!

 I HATE BOYS VS. I HATE GIRLS (HiLaRiOuS) BOYS A heart is not a playing thing, A heart is not a toy, but if you want it broken, Just give it to a boy. Boys,they like to play with things To see what makes them run, But when it comes to kissing, They do it just for fun. Boys never give their hearts away They play us girls for fools, They wait until we give our hearts And then they play it c ool. You will wonder where he is at night, You will wonder if he is true, One moment you will be happy, One moment you will be blue. If you get the chance to see him Your heart begins to dance, Your life revolves around him, There's nothing like r o m a n c e. And then it starts to happen, You worry day and night, You see my friend, you're losing him It never turns out right. Boys are great though immature, The $price$ you $pay$ is $high$, He may seem sweet and gorgeous, But remember he is just a guy. Don't fall in love with just a boy That's takes a lot of nerve. You see my friend,you need a man To get what you deserve. So when you think that you're in love, Be careful if you can Before you give your heart away Make sure that he's a man. GIRLS There are many good things in life, Like cars,$money$,and weed. But if you want something c o n f u s i n g, A girl is all you need. A girl doesn't say what she wants, But you're somehow supposed to know, If they want to do this or do that, Stay here,stay there,or just go. Then there's the time,you all know what I mean, That monthly little j o y, That lets them a b u s the shit out of you, just for being a boy. If you ever dare to look at another girl, They seem to scream,go on,and panic. But watch how fast they ignore you, at the sight of that queer from "Titanic". They give you questions like, "Am I fat?", And "If you could go with one of my friends,who?", There is no answer, face the facts, You are definitely through. They take nothing and blow it up, And make a tremendous fuss, So girls no matter what you think, You are just >> as hard to u n d e r s t a n d as us. Sorry, some thing that I got off of a chain mail and thought was kind of cool. Understand boys? I just kick them in the groin, pour kerosene on them and set alight to them. Who needs to understand them when you can do that instead?

 Mmm any way so how is every one? I'm bored even though I've done a load of homework! Hey Izzy I'm bringing Fushigi Yuugi 2 in every day to school! So you better be their! (Hmm... that Fushigi Yuugi sentence didn't make any sense!) Oh well, like the rest then. Sorry about not blogging about interesting stuff, but I've started using my journal for that cause some things are ...private. You know? Like all this crap I share with every one, but I actually have stuff that I don't! (That's almost as hard to believe as trying to believe that I have a life!) ALMOST!!! Better go watch new Star Gate! Yeeeay!

 AAHHHH! Finally done! I'll just go do all my other homeworks now *zzz* Ooooh FUSHIGI YUUGI 2!!!

 Sorry about not blogging for ages. Hey! Don't get any ideas! I still don't have a life ok? (Few, and I thought I was gonna be the last one) Hehe, ok so my brother's been on this for the past year so that's why! Bad excuse huh? Any way, I have to go cause I'm doing hard Spanish homework! Nooo!

 Well woo-diddlie-hooo with little brass bells on, I've been at home sniffling all day. But the god side is i have missed maths, P.E and french, and have been eating lots of malteasers and watching The Blues Brothers!! Soooo funny. Oopsie, haven't got Jess a pressie... heh heh... anyway - I NEED FUSHIGI YUGI 2!! *sob sob* I've spent all day sitting at home :( *sniff* Yeah about buying manga...you can always buy it for me...ANYWAY! So about Bristolie, erm - Jeans. Need...jeans...*drools* erm *cough* .

 urlLink So don't get any ideas!

 Hey! Where is everyone! You're living your lifes again, aren't you! :'( Without me as well! (Ah-he-he-hum) Yeah, was pretty lame wasn't it? Any way... we need to get Jess a birthday present, better take some money in tomorrow and get it after school! Oh and go into Bristol on Saturday! YEAY! I can get some more manga! *smiles idioticly* (Hey, I think the spelling gave the idiotic part away) Hehe, slightly obsessed! I love Forbidden Planet! AAARGH YMCA! Sorry, just have to kick my play list *kick WHACK WHAM!* Eeek the lyrics are getting to meeee!* Mmm... every one have about 13 then you can buy some manga! *happy happeeee!* Sorry, I'm like a kid in a candy store! Or... a teenager in a manga store! YEAY! Aaargh, really need to get less hyper! ...Nah! So every one bring in money and some thing to calm me down with *no baseball bats guys* Aargh I feel so sick!! Hmm... great huh? Better go bisi!

 Oh, and if you lot (Izzy and Laura) are into Manga go to urlLink http://www.tokyopop.com You can read a few pages of their manga and decide whether you like it or not and also you can go on their mailing list! :D Not that I am or anything... *cough* Hehee!

 Hey! I got bored enough to join this: urlLink http://kagome.hyperboards2.com/index.cgi Let's take it over with foam! Mmm... foam... he-he. Anyhoo! Guess what I did today! Yeah, that's right! I revised my swear dictionary in French! (Another test... zzz) It was a listening one and it was like aaaargh! I got 24 out of 32! AAARGH! Seriously needing help with actually speaking/learning French! Oh, what else... oh yeah... POTATO TASTING! You wouldn't believe how complicated it is to cook potatoes and have them coming out tasting like crap (potato) AAARGH! If I have one more potato I'm gonna flip!!! I was saved on the way home by a lemon lollypop I found! Thank god! Ahh... Reel Big Fish... thank youuuu! (Just put them on, and they're saving me from sanity) I didn't mean to put that... did I? Any way life's getting more fun! Yeahooo! Better go do some thing boring to counteract it! Oh, Izzy I will bring in the second of the sacred books! (Fushigi Yuugi!) Soooo good!

 HEY! My sad little life happens to be... sad and little. Ah well, can't blame me for not trying!

 Hmm... enough of these tests, guess I better go back to taking over the world, but damn it! Being not too bright is a bit annoying! Oh my god! A hamster's going round the wheel! WOW!

 urlLink

 Wow. Emma's party was sooo fun. Water bombs, foam, junk food and dumb films!

 urlLink I'm a hero for women everywhere - even if I'm a little scary. Woohoo! Kerosine rules!

 Arghh! Where am I??? Wait a minute...I think i recognise this place... Oh yeah! Sorry, I haven't been here for so long... arghh. Sooo....hows your sad little life, katie? Wait a minute, you're sitting next to me, because we're in IT and doing bugger all! Woohoo! urlLink

 urlLink MAD TEST FRENZY!

 urlLink

 MY GOD IZZY HAS A KIND OF LIFE! Okay... so i take that back, she spends her whole day laying on her bed either asleep or doing homework! What a life! *envy* Where as I spend my whole life on this, I'm the little bobble thing at the bottom of this, in a glory of pink. I SWEAR I'M NOT ON DRUGS! Hehe... he... Ok, maybe a little Calpol every now and then, but apart from that nothing! Yeah, yeah, so I had some ibruprofen this morning too! I admit!!!

 hey people i'm in school

 Heeeey! Zombie's? Here boy! Hmm... seriously need to actually learn HTML and get a site cause this sucks! I mean aaargh! Too much pink! Well for you maybe! I looove neon pink! (It's all in my room!) Aaargh, basically no one's blogging and I 'm (edited. that's what happens when you type without looking at the screen!) bored! Woohoo! Ok, gotta go bubi!

 Hey! Found a clique for people who want to take over the world but apparantly your web site it supposed to be good with actual content - absolute piffel! Heeeey new word! Woohooo!

 Hi kids. Feeling like shit over here, how are you! Let's discuss shit instead of crap. Hmm.. shit or shite? Such a hard choice... *weirdo* Any hooo aaaargh how is every one? I'm erm feeling like shit... like I said. Grrr, totally boring weekend. I'm not a happy bunny! Come on people get with it! We seriously need to do some thing next weekend urlLink http://www.candystand.com Go drool at all the sweets you want but can't have! Damn! Any hoo about next weekend... some one think of some thing. Aaargh, we need to get Jess a present and we need to get Liz one! GEEZ! 5 presents in two weeks! Nooo! Too many friends! (Yeah right)

 urlLink http://uk.news.yahoo.com/020919/80/d9xub.html : "It's not rocket science. It's as plain as poo on your shoe," Mmm... ever wondered what happened to Yahoo's sanity?

 SERIOUSLY needing to get out more! Help! Some one come and drag me from my house!

 AHHHH! No one seriously ever tell our french teacher about this urlLink http://moncoin.blogspot.com/ or any other french blog! She'll probably get her wip out and try and make us translate it!

 If you haven't died of boredom already then go here: urlLink http://members.aol.com/sirchin/goldlife.htm for a clean suicide.

 Hey sorry about that, any way, yeah the flooble's been flushed down the toilet! *sob sob* Don't worry, I've cloned it so when I feel like I can actually do HTML I might put it back in *yeah right, few million years then*. Any hoo, now you're just gonna have to use the comments system *like any one's gonna want to comment on my crap* Please, don't even think about commenting on crap! Well... this crap, but not crap. You know? Yeah, I think I should shut up too! Any hoo I'm gonna kick this a bit more and check it out until I'm happy that it's working *KICK KICK THUNK* Thunk? Ahh, I hit it! OWCHIE! Damn computer... better go bubi!

 Hey... RIP for my flooble I'm afraid. I think it was mucking up the whole page. It was doing the whole 'error' look, which doesn't really appeal at all to me. Mmm... tea, sorry guys!

 Hey! I put a weird bobble thing on this at the bottom and yes... it's still broke! Only this time the flooble's disappeared! Damn aye!

 urlLink I'm a hero for women everywhere - even if I'm a little scary. A lot of questions in that quiz had to do with chosing to kick a man in the groin, pour kerosene on him, and setting him on fire. Did you pick that? *looks around innocently* MUHAHAHA! (Why else do you think I got such a high score?) *bats eyelids* That gives me a good idea... here Ian Ian Ian... MUAHHAHA!! We'll teach him for dumping Emma after a day! Come on girls let's go beat up crap!

 urlLink

 Ok, ok, so it should be fixed now... *WHACK WHACK WHACK* Ok, think I ironed out all the imperfections! Wait a sec! A little green man! *ZAP ZAP* GET THE HELL OUT OF MY WEB PAGE! Hehe... think I scared him away. It's always the little green men that muck up my web page! *sigh* Any way, know that I can actually blog and not just be met with a pink screen I better blog! I didn't go to Emma's party yesterday, I was waaay too sick and tired. I'ld probably turn up and go straight to sleep! But I'm meeting every one at the park... err... which park? Ahh well, I'll just go to any one! Whoopsie! Some one commented on this but seeing as we're all wearing blinkers no one noticed! Hmm... saneasakitten takes ages to load! And apparantly it's got an error on it... any one wanna help me iron? Ohhh sorry pete person who commented *go annoy him here: urlLink http://www.petejakehall.com/ Wait a sec... lemme hold on to this feeling... wow... some one commented... ahhhh. Ok, so any way about the Lifehouse lyrics. What is real is just a dream. I think those lyrics are good! They actually make people think. Like a John Mayor song saying erm... wait a sec lemme go validate... hmm can't find the lyrics in my head or the song! Damn! Ahh well... I'll just listen to John Mayor then... ahhh....

 This better work... if it doesn't then it means I'm going to have to get an iron out and run it over my template.

 GRAGHA!

 Any hoo I can't be bothered to fix it *murmers... damn thing...* cause I don't feel too good! I feel really sick and oh yeah, being hit in the stoumach with a football really helped. Then afterwards I pigged out a bit in the tutor rep meeting. None of the girls were eating! :O I mean helooo! Free doughnuts and chocolate! YEAY! So I showed them how non-anorexic I want to be by eating every thing I was offered. Yep, I sure did, none of the other girls took any thing but a few boys did. Woohoo! Go piggy little me! Mmm... good aye? Let's start an anti-anorexic piggy campaign! Actually... I have already! Better go play dumb games! Adios!

 GAAARGH! Where the hell is my web page!!!!! :'( :'( :'(

 Damnit, I'm boring! And I've tried seeing how weirdly I can sit on the chair already but I got bored! Ok, better! Listening to a song about ...birds! Cooool! I need to eat some frogs! Yeay! Free frog eating days. Damn my parents for not living in France! But then I'd have to speak French and learn English! Nooo! Sorry, bettter go *beeeeeeeeeter!* (EH?) computer mucking up!

 Damn! It has as well! And kicking didn't help! (Neither did my kung fu kick) *can't spell* Hmm... who the hell is cbuen14msn.com? Probably has an @ sign in their. Oh, and I don't care about posting their e-mail addy cause they're being sad and using the website form to type nonsense in. Get a blog, then you can type nonsense on that instead! (Like me) Hehe, I just sent an e-mail to them saying 'stop using my website form. bugger off.' Hehe, I can block them too! I WANT MY PAGE BACK! :'( Poor old lil me! Oh, we gave Jon a present and he was very scared. I don't think he'll blow it up though! *sob sob*

 Wow! The page's disappeared! Lemme go kick it...

 Eh?

 tra la la la Thanx 4 putting things that r generally evil towards me back in play!!!!

 Hey just a quicky (don't go into it) doing science homework! Eeeek! Any hooo, coolest website in the whole world! Well for me! urlLink http://www.tokyopop.com

 Hey, so apparantly now we're not gonna die! (Damn) Well, we are but apparantly the hole in the o-zone is closing because we've stopped using CFC's! Yeay! Now let's all go around pointlessly in cars! (Point being?) Cars are still a problem. Join the fight to being back the horse and cart! :P

 What the hell? Some one called 'charmaine' is being ditty and using the mail me box at the bottom. Sorry, I'm not you mum or Raul...? WOW! I found some one who seriously needs to get out... more than me! I'm not sad any morreeeeeeeeee (I don't think that changes the fact that your sad) eeeeeee! Yeay! Shut up you! Ohhh! Geez I wish I had some money! I've found the cutest phone cover ever! It's by Sanrio and it's panda's falling over! AWW! Ok, so my version of cute is a bit different from other people's version of cute. Hey, if we all had the same version of cute then how would I survive! I need individuality!

 Heeeeeeey! You so have to go on this! It made me scream and jump! You try! urlLink http://www.cartoonnetwork.co.uk/events/mojo_movie/mojo.html

 Aww! Poor Izzy! Any way I'm about to go into depression mode in my next blog but hey I can't be bothered. Actually, I can here it is: WHY THE HELL DOES NO ONE CARE ABOUT ANY ONE ELSE? Mmm...great huh? Sorry, would go in deep but I'm kind of in picking myself up land right now! I sooooo want these : urlLink http://store.yahoo.com/sanriostore/80618.html and urlLink http://cgi.ebay.co.uk/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&item=713356847 Damn, that ebay one's too darn good! (Darn, ahhh!) Mmm... Hey, for people who actually care about Popstars and want to know about Lynne being weird go here: urlLink http://saneasakitten.blogspot.com/2002_09_01_saneasakitten_archive.html#81310257 Damn, it's gonna leave stretch marks! Badumcheee! Better post this!

 Wow!!! I'm Yoda! How unbelievably cool. Oh god, people searching for P*pstars and fining our site - arghh!! Go shove your head back up your ass. I have S Cl**7 (im not taking any chances!) in my head, I think im gonna go mad!! I was looking through some really old T*p *f the P*ps mags and feeling slightly sick. Arghh I downloaded Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles theme tune and it was a really crappy version!! I think i will cry! Probably one made for the film. Smell.

 urlLink :: how jedi are you? ::

 Hey! The Goo Goo Dolls are good! Random but fun. My mum's out at the pub (alcoholic huh?) Nooo! She just goes out drinking every week... hmm... starting to see your point. Seriously though, she isn't. Hmm... Yo vomit. That's what we learnt in Spanish! Neat huh? Now if you're ever puking in Spain you know how to say I vomit! Woohoo! There's a whole list... he vomits, they vomit, we vomit. We vomit? When would you ever want to, or need to say that? Ahh well, that's foreign language learning for you. Full of weird stuff. Like French. I mean, like we're gonna go to France and talk to people about 'Our Ideal Town' geez, that's just plain madness! Ahh, I have chocolate and tv waiting for me downstairs, and blogging with no one to blog to and no one else blogging gets boring after a time. Ahh well... I keep doing it any way! (Like breathing, try giving that nasty habit a break) Scab! Bubi!

 urlLink :: how jedi are you? :: COOOOL!

 What is real is just a dream. Confusing huh? It was Lifehouse lyrics. Hmm... cool. I love music with actual lyrics and not just meaningless crap. That's what music is to me: good melody with actual lyrics. With some songs I didn't listen to the lyrics and now I do and I'm like 'geez dodgey!' or 'err freaky'. Some music has really good lyrics that make you think and wonder... wow. And other stuff has ...crap. (Is it me or are you saying the same thing different ways?) Yep! Better go.... eat frosties bubi!

 Geez! Every one's getting on this by searching for stuff about Popstars. Note: I hate Popstars it's a load of crap and I've never watched it. Go scratch your ass. Hehe, sooory if I offended you, that's just what I want to say, this is more like what I would say: Sorry I hate Popstars talk to some one who doesn't. Mmm... happy happy! So, what's happening in Neighbours? (Wow, great change of subject there) Susan's gonna leave Karl I recon cause she kind of can't remember him, and it could be... awkward... Summer in the City! Sorry, I'm listening to a song it's coool! Like 60's cool style... so actually it's weird! YEAY! Any hoo my mum thought I said my brother was 'cooking' or some thing so now we have to say that! You know, like 'yeah you're cooking' like another word for cool! Sad aye? A sad word for cool! Thank god their is one, I was beginning to lose all hope! Mmm... this has been up for ages better post! Sorry about the ...randomness and ...weirdness but hey that's in all of my posts.

 Pineapple head?

 urlLink www.bulbo.com Weird but cool! Hey, weird is cool! *run awaaay!* Mmm... I have too gooo! (Getting thrown off!) Neeh, guess I'll blog later or some thing... bisi.

 Oh sorry about not blogging for ages, just I was reading Fushigi Yuugi 3 yesterday! It's sooo depressing! Aww! Well.. not that much but it's pretty sad! I don't know how, but I wanna know how Yu Watase keeps coming up with these great story lines! The story never slows down and you always wonder what's going to happen. Geez, when the characters get a break another thing happens! There's only one thing for it... I WANT BOOK 4!!!! *throws a strop* Please!!! Naah, I'll get it when I get some actual money... some day in the distant future. Yeah right! Actual money! These books are like 11.99 a book! Eeek! So by the end (if I ever get to the end of the story) I'll of spent about 71.94 on Fushigi Yuugi! :O Aarghsiee! (And yes, I did use a calculator to work that out) Oh, all my family are having a car boot sale at the market to raise money for Rik cause apparantly he's now going to Peru! I woke up too late so I couldn't go, I've also got home work to do! :( Meanie teachers! Wait a minute! There's now 7 Fushigi Yuugi books! They put one on amazon.co.uk without me noticing and no one told me!!! Oooh, it hasn't been published on amazon.com (geez obsessed much?) either! Wow, we're actually getting new manga at the same time they get it in America! :O That never happens! Wow, some one up their likes me! Just like when we went to Forbidden Planet and they hadn't cleared out the Manga bit (the bit around it had gone!) Nooo! So long as they don't take out the Manga I'll be able to breathe! Hmm... I better post this then post an actual blog! (EH?) Oogsie!

 Ok Kim and Emma should be so damn scared - we got them pretty weird stuff. Yeah scary people on the bus...so anyway! We're weird aren't we? I haven't blogged for ages and I've realised I don't really know what to blog about!

 im the first one to blog today are'nt i good. it was really scary because those people were still on the bus and i was there on my own and i was like ahhh scary. they were just sat there both whistling the same song it was really dumb then they got off the bus and one of them goes see ya mate and was like yeh....... it was realllllllyyyy funny. then i was sat there laughing so i think the other people on the bus might have thought i was crazy. oh well not unusual i guess. wow is that how you spell unusual? its a strange word. it was funny when i signed in to blogger because one of the most recently published blogs was called air guitar in the bath tub. its like okay then... hmm so anyway...

 Yeay! In deep! Mmm... but yeah, any way Sadaam Hussein is a bad man but who are we to judge? He is definatly not the most terrible man, let's not go into that whole evil thing. But it any one actually evil? (Oh well) I don't think so. Guess I'm young and niave, but I don't think any one can be pure evil or pure good, every one has a reason for some thing. If you have no reason then why think that? You have to have a reason to think that. (EH?) Ahh well, every one jump into the psychological magical mystery tour! (Hippy clothes required) Hehe, maybe another day cause I'm tired at the moment but... comments any one? We need to get a deep psychological person to say some thing about the whole Iraq thing. I think every one needs it. Hey! Stop looking at me! :P (Yeah, right) Gotta go watch an Arnie film guys! (Wow, totally ruined that whole mature look) Yurpsie! Bisi!

 soooooooo we are all going deep are we? Well here are my views; I think that Sadam Hussane may or most probably is a terrible man, but we have only been shown what the government and the press want us to know. ( Sorry been paying 2 much attention in media studies) So that when push come to shove and good old Tone' asks the country whether we should go forth with America everyone will all say yes, because of the impression of Iraq and its reigime that has been given to them by the press. But know one actually bothers to look deeper than the news. I reckon all most all the people that make all the important decisions have never been to Iraq to experience what living is like over there, how poor most people are, so mayby, just mayby people should think about them aswell before they rush into anything. I'm now making myself depressed and questioning wierd things so I'm going to go now.

 ahh kinda accidently posted that without finishing. oh well. damn somebody accidently elbowed me really hard in the back in art and it was okay for a bit but now it kills and theres a nice bruise. i find it hard to understand how somebody can 'accidently' elbow you really hard, but i think they were havin some kind off sketch book fight with robbie. thats what they want me to think. (its a conspiracy i tell you) im really tired which means tommorrow im gonna be hyper. (dont ask me how that works i have no idea what im talking about) anyway im going weird again so ill see you tommorrow.

 wow that was very deep. to be honest im a bit confused about this whole thing. i know that its about like because he would'nt let the weapons people in. all the other countries have handed over all their chemical and nuclear stuff. and i know what you mean about the whole 14 year old stuff it's incredibly ageist. it's like 'your young nothing you say matters'

 Any how! Rant Rant Rant Rant. Well, it might as well be that! Does any one actually read these? Hehe... shouldn't ask... don't wanna know. Ahh, can't be bothered. Let's all listen to a 14 year old's views on the 'soon to be war against Iraq' (hopefully not) who? Me! Yeah, like any one listens to 14 year olds! I can actually get away with talking to people but as soon as I say I'm 14 they treat me as inferior and a little kid. Damn them! (Calm down) Any way... War. What does that mean for you? It means death - propaganda - mourning - tributes - casualties - innocent civilians - conflict to me. Hmm... I don't really know if I'm for it or against it. Apparantly Iraq has a load of nuclear weapons and Saddam Hussein *whatever* is a dictator and gassed people. But I don't really know. Also he's a dictator which is bad which ever way you put it. You can't put a flower boarder around dicator or doodle smiley faces on it. The faces would have to be those showing no emotions, but eyes showing pain. I know Saddam Hussein is bad, but, can we really just march in and kick him out? Is that collenlisation? *whatever* I don't think we can knock out the government *any type of government, dictator what ever, once it's gone the frames of the country will crumble and the country will fall into dissaray *double whatever** We need backing, or at least some Iraq's to agree to help, or take over the country. But then, is it right to hand over the control of a country to some one? just a person, who could turn into the nect dictator and not generally give a damn? At least in Afghanistan the rebels were their, with some stability to take over after the Taliban went. At one point though, the Taliban were the good guys, they kicked out the Russians, then power must of got to their head, plus the fact that the world didn't care and they could do what the damn well liked. How can you ensure that, that doesn't happen in Iraq? I watched this programme, and it was saying about how George Bush was not so dumb with words when he was passionate - talking about revenge or some thing along those lines. When will he stop? At the moment he seems to be fuelled into labelling people as 'terrorists', is this not dangerous to let one man decide who is good and who is bad? After all, he supports the Israelies *whatever* and they are odviously terrorising the Palistinians *kick me if I'm getting this wrong, I'm having a memory lapse and I had to ask my brother to get the names right!* and is not George Bush's whole system against terrorists not for them? That is plain, blatent terrorising what the Israelies are doing and people are dying for, their are no arguments over terrorism their so why is the mighty George Bush not pouncing ont them and promising them to be good? He's in it for the money, that's why. Palestinians die at the hands of American made weapons. Does George Bush care? No. The money's still flowing in. Maybe if Iraq were to start buying up the whole pretzle *whatever* market in America then George Bush would bat an eye lid on this whole thing. This is not an easy situation with an easy way out. It's life. Okay! Rant over! Sorry guys, I turned into a steam roller then and couldn't stop! Geez, well... give me points for being passionate! :D Better go ...do some thing. Bubi!

 How cool! Here Izzy Izzy... hehe... Maybe I can use Izzy as a punch bag for my stress! Hey, but I think I'm being hit by PMS at the moment so that might explain why I'm sooooooo ANGRY! Any hoo I got really pissed off at school! (More pissed off than now?) Yeah! Lots! Hehe, every one's getting on this searching for the karma phone thingy! Well it's not here! MUHAHAHA! (Aww, that's not very nice now, is it?) Ok, ok, so you can get it here : urlLink http://r1.eu.rmi.yahoo.com/rmi/http://www.alt-gifts.com/ That's for every one who's mad enough to click on a link that says 'Just to Keep me Sane'! (you) Ahh... good point! 70!!!! Geez, have a nice phone to any one who has that much money! *Eeek!* What I could do with 70... *ahh* *Manga!* Yeay! Hmm... I like that head! (:'( ) Heey! Shut up you! Any hoo, I better post another stressy post, cause that would totally clash with the whole 'cool phone' thing that's going on. (?) Ahh what the heck!

 did you see my italian- arrivederci it means goodbye. are'nt i good. (*cough cough*) uhh....yeh.

 im a bit scared cos i was on msn and i said hi to kim and she like didnt reply, then went offline (or blocked me) hmm... maybe she was just going when i came on or somethin. oh well . jeez im paranoid. so anyway i have boots! yey! we ordered them aggggeeeeees ago and they only just came. i kinda forgot about it. you'll all be happy cos i dont need another pair shoes now which means no shoe shopping. okay well im gonna go now . arrivederci.

 hey people

 LOL LOL LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That is the subject of todays blog. (Sorry decided to do some essay practising on blogger!!) I think that Katie Sims has only convinced herself that she makes no sense because there is no evidence that it has been said or the idea even put forward by anyone else. Also the idea that she is stressed could have just be brought around by her imagination, as a way to explain how she is feeling right now. (GRRRRRRR I sound like an agony aunt, back to essay!) Mayby Katie should consider aromotherepy or hitting Izzy as a way to let her stress and anger out. It is my opinion that two, no actually three of the best ways to combat stress and anger are; 1)Do some house cleaning, imagine that the surfaces are the cause of your problems and work away at them untill they sparkle. 2)Go for a run/jog/walk, and let your legs feel as though the weight is sliding of of them and that your stress and anger is coming away as your legs get lighter. or 3)Punch the lights out of the person that is at the source of your anger and stress. I hope that this has helped you and that you enjoyed my essay!

 Where is everyone? I'm dying of boredom and I need some thing to hit. (Hmm. Remind me to get some thing to hit on Saturday. Preferable soft and squish and doesn't complain or hit back.) Ahh, stress ball? Stressed?! I'm not stressed! WHO SAID STRESSED!!! (Err... shut up?) Ok, ok, sorry getting a little bit ... annoyed. Hehe, got youuu! Mmm... pre-school again! Well, I'm acting that age! Wow, aren't I gonna have fun attempting GCSE's? Any way where is every one? I keep going on msn and you aren't their! :'( I bet you've all been abducted without me! Well fine then! (I really oughta be going seeing as 1. I can't spell and I'm a bit gone so I have to type every thing about three times to get it right! 2. I'm going weird 3. I make no sense 4. I never make any sense! Ahh well, what the heck! Bubi!

 Ok, back to normal! (Not like I gave a damn about not being normal any way!) Mmm... just afraid that some people I know would see this ...but that's the whole point isn't it? (Yeah... to piss people off yeay!) Hmm... err... good point. Any hoo I'm gonna moan now! (Not really!) Hmm... I need to go out or some thing! Should we start that whole 'I actually have a social life' thing of meeting after school or some time or not bother? Hmm... Nah...! Maybe, we should or some thing... I'm getting damn bored over here! Eh, some one work some thing out... (some one? Me?) Aaargh! Why does it always have to be me? Oh, you know that thing about the boys vandalising the graves? It's like national news! Wow! Bristol was in the news! ...For all the wrong reasons! Any way... hmm... national snogging day. Damn that doesn't mean that we actually have to snog some one does it? GET DAVE AWAY FROM ME!!!! And no one tell Dave otherwise we'll all be doomed to jibbery!

 Im just about to change it!!!! I just got sent this on MSN; friday is national snogging day & everyone will be snogging there bums off , so if u dont send this to 10 peaple in 10 minutes u will be shite at snogging for the rest of your life . just simply copy and paste LOL!!!!!!!!!!

 What are you on about Lynne? How could they sack Angus?? Who on earth could possibly take his place, and why?? Was it because of all the stuff in the papers about him? Surely they're not shallow enough to sack him because of his social life, however perverted it is...eugh. Anyway - Halloweeen partaaaaay...! Well, sleepover. I have vampire fangs! Mostly cos we're supposed to derss up as vampires and stuff for the orchestra-play thingie (which is in february) so I thought I may aswell get some while they're in the shops. Plus its an excuse to freak everyone out! I also have somegreen hair dye, which coukd be...fun (heh heh). "Hold still, I'll only spray a tiny bit on you...(sucker...what do you mean - "It looks terrible!"? It's great..." Wow - Spung - "Wake up call" is so funny and true! Pure class... Speaking of class - Look Around You is on tomorrow! This week it's about Ghosts! Could be funny! urlLink www.bbc.co.uk/lookaroundyou "SCIENCE stands for Super-Corroborative Information on Everything and Nothing in the Cosmos and Earth" Ahhh this website's funny! I won't give everything away because its sooo funny when you first see it!

 Schizotypal Many believe that schizotypal personality disorder represents mild schizophrenia. The disorder is characterized by odd forms of thinking and perceiving, and individuals with this disorder often seek isolation from others. They sometimes believe to have extra sensory ability or that unrelated events relate to them in some important way. They generally engage in eccentric behavior and have difficulty concentrating for long periods of time. Their speech is often over elaborate and difficult to follow. Apparantly, according to an online test I have a high chance of having this... cool huh?! urlLink http://www.4degreez.com/misc/personality_disorder_test.mv Find out how many millions of dollars it will take to cure you.

 EH? - Reply to Lynne's last post. Oh reply to all of mine - BIGGER EH? Hmm so how is every one? I've been doing nothing all day! Apart from getting a bit obsessed with FFIX again ...hehe... (not good) So don't expect me to come out of my house for a few days... no wait, I'm trying to cover every thing on it... make that years. Hehe... I'm just enjoying my freedom while I still can! (Yes... freedom *muhahaha*) Hey! Give me back my third head! (It's mine too you fool) Hehe, I love that word. Fool. Lol. I'm weird. Ehe... any way... trying to distract attention from that... err... yeay Halloween! Wow, isn't it sooo cool? It's like a total way for card companies to get money through a pagin *whatever* festival! Every one go "yeay that's soooo great!" (No.) Aww, you big meanie! urlLink http://www.benjerry.com/halloween/ Yeay... let's all celebrate. But seriously. Some people are all 'churchy' then they go and celebrate Halloween... weird huh? Probably not, but I think it is!

 HELLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 2morrow i find out the trith about Laura and Bens relationship!!!!!! O OOO OOOOOOOO I cant wait i will report back asap!! Toodles

 Angus Daeton *whatever* has been sacked from HIGNFY!!!! OMG!!!!

 Ok... no life still, but hey it's gotta be out there some where, hasn't it... Just gotta find it, don't worry though, I'm leaving it for a few years! Who wants a life any way? I mean being 'popular'? That was sooo last season! And the season before that... etc. urlLink http://uk.news.yahoo.com/021029/80/ddcg7.html Pure class.

 urlLink http://cgi.ebay.co.uk/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&item=1392290389 Heheeee... you can buy a 20cm long gunblade like the one Squall uses! But, get this, you can use it as a letter opener! Geez! Sorry... just can't really imagine Squall trying to open post with his gunblade! *weid but funny thought* Ok... hmm maybe I should *actually* do some thing... Nah!

 HEEY! I've either had too much sugar... been on ebay for too long or that stuff (yes... *stuff*) I had for dinner really didn't agree with me... wait that was dinner wasn't it? Hmm... Sorry, I woke up at about 11:30 so my body's a bit weird... but hell, it's generally weird. I actually got up at 7... well woke up, but I thought damn this I'm going bad to bed! Teehee! Have lie ins! Yeah! Remind me to find out how to spell that too! Yeay! Did I mention that I love ebay too? Yes! I think I did! Wow, small world aye? (Well, this pink box you live in is quite small) Hey, it's got everything I need. Ok, ok, stop talking... people are freaking... Hehe...

 Oooh! I love it I love it I love it! Book four is soooo good! And sooo funny! (Geez, obsessed much?) YES! Wow! It's just soo good! Ok, so if you don't get what I'm talking about, go to www.amazon.co.uk ( and no, I can't be bothered to put a link in) and search for Fushigi Yuugi and buy me the fifth book! Ok... ok, so you get one too but buy me the FIFTH BOOK! MUHAHAAA! Ehe... sorry... I've been reading too much Mr Fopple... (Like that explains it) Geez, if I wasn't me I'd be totally confused by this blog... so I'm guessing every one *no one* who's reading this is confused! Sorry guys! Any way... muhahoohooohoo. Oh yeah, Halloweeeen! Any one wanna do any thing? Sleep over! Yeay we're all eight again! Wow... I loved being eight... but any way! Geez so much stuff to do, better go guys bubi!

 Ok... so whoopsie. I just found out that I'm almost at the end of FFX and I err... haven't really been bothered levelling up and stuff cause I thought I wasn't that far into it ...oops. Ah heck. And now I've gotta beat Seymour and I kinda keep dying... Pitiful really. I don't even have regen! Whoops! So now I'm running around like an idiot for ages trying to get every one's HP up to about 4,000 when they're all on 2,500! AARGH! Why didn't some one tell me?! WHOOPS! And I err... kind of missed out all the extra Aeons and err all the sidequests. Oh, I'm good! urlLink http://www.ffextreme.com/ Go there amd be ashamed that you finished the game without noticing all this stuff! I am! Oooh dinner... *drools* Sure is a hard life when you're a pig *sigh* LAURA'S GOT A BIG BUM! Just thought I should mention it...

 Great Izzy! Hehe... kind of added a stupid pink tint to my last serious blogs! I'm guessing that you didn't read them then! -_- Ok... so we were posting at the same time? Whoops! I didn't notice! Sorry! And hey, we could have talked if I was on Msn! I really should go on it more... yeah *cough* Any way sooory 4th book! YEAY! Oh it's sooo good! Bit scary at one point, but I was reading it at night! Yeah... I'm reading it again! WOOHOO! Sorry but YEAY! Ohhh.... I want the 5th book! *stamps around the err... room?* Hehe! Cool, I can strop again! Ever think what I'll be obsessed with when I've stopped reading Fushig Yuugi? Ahh heck... Sailor Moon manga! Yeay! Hehe... I will never become unhyper and unobsessed! (Are those even real words?) Nah, ahh heck who's actually reading this and gonna notice any way? Wow! The counter's on 2222! Or was... I'm betting that by the time some one reads this it'll be on 2230! *Huh... yeah sure...* More like -10 if that could happen with a counter... which I'm guessing couldn't... Mmm... oh guys! Monkey Island 1!!! Otherwise known as *lemme check...* the secret of monkey island! Wow! Go search for it on KaZaA (Any one can but I'm talking to frizzoble and lara at the mo.) Or I can send it to you! Oh, and don't be dumb, try to remember what ping is! *sigh* Ok... I'm gonna go browse the net, poke me if you need me.

 Wowwwww I have the Wombles on kazaa. "Category - Rock" teehee.

 urlLink http://uk.news.yahoo.com/021028/80/dd9mz.html Tank missing - Yahoo.co.uk news. Wow, and I thought it was easy to lose my purse, must of been hard to lost a tank. Doesn't work does it...? (Nope.)

 Ok... so that's supposed to have poem brakey things in, so humour me and pretend that they're there.

 I am tired I am tired of you looking at me like that, Like it's my fault, Like I look like crap. I am tired of being happy or sad, Not alowed to just be content, Not allowed to think or relent. I am tired of keeping everyone happy, Remembering to smile, And brush my teeth. I am tired of having to say the right thing, Without offending anyome, And making everyone laugh or think. I am tired of this life I'm in, This short race to the end, Balancing life on the point of a pin. I am tired, So let me rest, And then I shall continue with this waltz with death. Katie Sims Every one say "Happppy happy people holding hands!" More like "Ehe... she's been at the calpol again," But seriously, bit depressing huh? YURP!

 Oh god. Katie in hyper-mode. She actually stopped reading the book after reading it once!!?? What's wrong??

 I wonder how little of what we write random web-surfers can actually understand. Could be interesting . Email us if you get a word of this page.

 Any way! I'VE READ THE FOURTH BOOK! WOwwweeeeEEE! That might explain the hyperness... that and the fact that I've had ice-cream for the past three days running! urlLink http://www.fanfiction.net/profile.php?userid=208461 Wow.. in my hyper state I wrote a poem about being paranoid... not that I know *cough cough cough* Hehe... any way it's kind of good I guess, people have actually been reviewing my poetry! :O All of my *actual* poetry is in the back of my diary though, but no one gets to see it cause it's all crap. :D I guess that's why it's in my diary... hehe! Seriously, for me the back of all my class books, diary etc are all way more filled than the front! Weird huh? (No, just a bit back to front deerie) Hey! Don't you insult then deerie me... deerie! (Go write poetry) Deal. I'll go type some up so I can have a FIVE MILE RADIOUS! WOw! (And maybe learn how to spell) Wow! ...Wait a sec, that takes brain power! NEVER!

 - Visited kavkaz - noticed that its in about 10 languages, not including Russain. Weirdos. - Msn/Hotmail gone mad. No Mr.Fopple today :( soz Katie. - Hippy mag hasn't emailed back. Darn. - Don't ask why I'm writing in note form.

 Cool phrase of the day - "I came in peace - I left in pieces."

 2nd?? Hello - fourth, dear! *knocks katie on the head* (I think she banged her head too hard while we were out..well done, laura...) chocolate nose bleed? Who searches for "chocolate nose bleed" on the net? Maybe it's the name of a band...might be worth checking out. Probably not, with a name like that (sorry if I offended anyone...I'm sure you're band's great...). Anyway - Bristol was fun - I have actual jeans!!! And we say Kim twice. Weird girl. Not expecting to hear from Katie until wednesday, she'll be reading that book over and over * - envy - envy - * .... So I'm weird...what's new? My brothers turning cool! He said he really loves my bracelets and said he wished he had some so i let him choose one of mine to keep - he loves it and he's even worn it to bed! How cuuuute! He likes Greenday too...awww bless...

 HHEEEEEEEEEEEY! I got the 2nd Fushigi Yuugi book! Yeeeay! Ok so I'll babble about it later... tea's ready. And no... I haven't read all of it already... *hehe fools*

 okay so i did'nt have a clue what any of that meant but okay im lulu! im so not serious though. a dancing banana is more serious than me. or a banana in a christmas hat! whatever. hmmm. i worry about myself sometimes. i also worry about my sister who is being quite scary. today we shop. in a land far far away. its called bristol. and we might not come out alive. we go in search of books, jeans, and feeder albums. and we will cry if we dont get them. especially katie. and we will journey to burger king. in search of toy cars NOT barbie toys.

 urlLink Which Final Fantasy 10 Character are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla wow...i so knew what i was talking about in that quiz!

 Aaaah. I've decided that I love ebay and I want to move into one of their warehouses so I can play with the stock. *sob sob* I want it all! Sorry, I've just been drooling over some things... like Planet Ladder #1 you can get from a ebay shop wich only charges like 1.40 for postage! WOW! Ehe... just ignore me then. Oh, I'm not gonna tell you where though cause I want it. :D Aren't I nice? Ohhh Izzy you have to finish Mr Fopple! Think of our millions of nonexistant invisable readers who need the next chapter! (Ehe)

 Some one got on this by searching for 'chocolate nose bleed' unless it was Izzy trying to see how many things you could search for and this would come out with it... Nope... So there is life out there! Hmm... (geez took ages to get the 'there's'!) WOW! I'm getting the book on Monday! Yeahoo!

 urlLink Which Final Fantasy 10 Character are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Didn't know what it was on about- but i chose the ones that sounded cool. Wow what a dude.

 Helllooo! I've neglected you for so long! ("Oh god, she's back...") I heard that! *sniff* Sooo.... noooo more school for a whole...week. Darn. RUSSIA! WE'RE GOING TO ST.PETERSBURG!!! *cough* I can't wait! And everyone's like - "You're mad!" It's culture! Something differrent, hello?! Must...learn Russian... I searched for free russian lesson sites and they're not that good, so I'm gonna see if I can get a book in Nailsea tomorrow. Wowwwwwww.....! Moral thing of day - MSN webpage - "10 ways to attract a guy!" Er, how about 1 way - Be Yourself. (???) Arghh what is wrong with the world??? Is the media just trying to turn us all into shallow self-obbsessed pigs who will buy more of their beauty products etc? Answer - er - yes! Yeeesh... I got my art stuff in on time! Woohoo! Still have music coursework for hols...argh... Sooo tomorrow - Jean Claude! (Dunno if you've blooged about this already kes, havent bothered to read all the stuff I missed..heh...:S) Ahhh Jean-Claude is sooo cool... er yeah, he's imaginary (thought I had a social life for a moment there, didn't you?) Best manga in the world to have been created by incompetent fools... woohoo!

 Yeay! Bloggers back! *hugs my page* What would I do without you? (Probably end up writing trashy books) Hey! *sniff sniff* Don't leave me like that again! You hear me! (You're talking to a webpage...) MY webpage! Any way... oops, our webpage! *just plugged in* Any way! School's out! Yeay! urlLink http://www.anorak.co.uk/news_161245.shtml It's funny! The dumb stuff that newspapers come up with... Any way, back to small point that's probably floating around here some where... hmm... oh here it is. I went on urlLink ebay and err... how to put it. Went a bit FY obsessed! Some of the stuff is really cheap! *eerie silence* Come on guys! FY!!! (Fushigi Yuugi for all you uneducated non-manga lovers) Oh... I was trying to do CCS again. Aargh how hard is that! I mean, they could at least give you some hint as to what these tags do! How do I get the text to the right of the picture? I don't have any idea! I'll probably end up chopping it up again... *zzz* Fun... nope. I try to find out how to do it, but every one's grumpy and like 'Well no one helped me learn it so bugger you' to put it basically. Nice huh? But then if no one helps any one it'll just keep going around in a messy circle! Woohoo! Blood! Guts! YEAH! *ahem* Any way... the point? Here pointy pointy point. Oh yeah, I'll just throw some thing together and make every one go 'wow, and it took you that long to just do that? ' And I'll go off going 'rasumfrasum' like I do. OK! Hey! I'm not depresssed! Just deep! Ok... so depresssed has three s's *how do you do that?* now! Yeah! I'll go back to my hole now... first I'll turn off the bathroom light, every one leaves it on for a weird reason...

 urlLink http://www.kavkaz.org/ wants your hate mail. It is the shack where terrorists hang out, ready to murder to get their own way. Feel free to kick in the door and stick chewing gum on the walls. Do not forget to ask for their telephone numbers on the way out so we can hunt them down and put them in prison where they will no longer be able to get to the shack. Oh, and I wouldn't take any cookies from them. (It's the Russian terrorists website that lately have layed seige to a Moscow theatre, trapping innocent victims in this political struggle.) urlLink http://uk.news.yahoo.com/021024/80/dd0k2.html

 Any hooo... I'm going to Russia! Or might be... With my school! Woohoo! We're gonna go over their in July some time and stay with a family from this school! Yeay! Hmm... hope it won't be too cold. (Are you kidding? Your fingers will probably drop off!) Oh yeah... hehe... he. Not good. Ah heck! It'll be fun! They speak Russian *whatever*, German and English in their school which is a bit of a damn cause I speak English, French, Spanish and a bit of Russian! Damn, why didn't I learn German!

 I bwoke it. :(

 ... I'll try some thing out ... ignore this for a bit.

 I'M CLOSE TO CRACKING GUYS!

 AAARGH!

 NOW IT'S FIXED

 GraaaGH! Sorry... it's fixed now isn't it? Isn't it! Ok, interesting blog next if it's fixed... *grr*

 Beaten by the little green men again... I hope I've finished this now!

 Ok... so it goes all funny when you press refresh, but then if you go forwards and then back it's normal! Weird...

 Yeaaah! I kicked little green butt!

 Hmm... *shines my steel capped boots and gets ready to kick some ass* I think the little green men have been back... lemme kick it.

 Hey I'm trying to do stuff with HTML! Yeay! I'll actually post when I figure it out... so check back in a few hours.

 urlLink http://www.pinkchibi.org/ribbon/ Mmm... I've decided that I'm happppyyyy! And I honestly don't don't don't *need I go on?* care what people think! Ha! Up theirs! *ahem* I mean.. grr... I sooo don't care! Nah, I've made a pact with myself not to care! Hey! I gotta go, sorry I haven't typed, more like lucky you, I've been dossing over CCS and going AHHHH! then I tried cromless pop-up but it didn't work! *sigh* Ahh heck, I can't be perfect at every thing! *muhaha* Bubi!

 Any HOO! I gave in my English coursework so now I'm freee! And Vinnie's gonna send me a thing so I can actually get the words in the right place! Hallelujiah! *however you spell it, leave me alone!* There there, don't strop! *GEEZ! WHICH THERE/THEIR?* Ahh heck. Any way my coursework was a bit ...erm ...individual? different? Yeah, different, but not in a bad way! Aww... depressing music I'm listening to. *sniff sniff* I'll be ok! Wasn't that cool in English? Our teacher Mr Nutbrown is soo cool! He's totally phylisophical! Which is cool cause it gets us all going 'hmm' which is good! In a way... it gives a point to my babblings! When is punishment acceptable? Interesting point huh? Well, not the way I put it! Should we be allowed to hit out children? I don't think so. Doesn't that teach them that the only way to deal with some thing is by voilence or force, and doesn't it not teach them how to reason with people? My parents have never hit us, so my brother's now really good at reasoning and he can get my mum to do almost any thing for him! So it's gotta be good! More pocket money! Yeah! I'll go crawl away... I'm getting excited about nothing again! Well yeah, that's what I do. I'll come annoy you later, don't worry. Oh, I'll learn to spell in a few years though so you're still safe.

 10 page english coursework! Gotta go maths revision. Dumb blog. Don't ask.

 Err sorry... the websites urlLink http://www.geocities.com/stilldreamingyetawake/index.html Should work now!

 Wow! It posted! Sorry, it's just that I kind of clicked exit before I posted it... or at least I think I did...? I've either been taking too much calpol or the little green men have been interfering with this! Take my Quiz on QuizYourFriends.com! Yes! It's true! I'm sad! Hey, I'll type an actual blog after this, catch ya later!

 Oooh ty Beki! Any way urlLink http://www.societies.ncl.ac.uk/fellwalkers/fun/combine.htm OH WOW! No seriously... urlLink http://www.fiction.org/www/ddp/ It's got Senshi on Springer! Tee-hee! Oh geez, even the Newcastle University Fellwalking Society has a social scene. I think we've sunk lower than them *sigh* It's a hard life... I gotta go guys bubi!

 maybe 'the white tulips return' or 'the white wings of tulips

 urlLink Which Final Fantasy 10 Character are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Hehe... now to go and kick butt...

 Hey, the link doesn't work. Kick it.

 HOY HOY HOY! Sorry, slightly cracking! I might be crap at HTML and every thing... but how hard is it to shove some letters by a picture? VERY!

 YAAARGH! urlLink http://www.geocities.com/stilldreamingbutawake/index.html HOW ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO GET THE WORDS AT THE TOP?!!!!!!! *breathes* Help meeeee!

 Morning! Eugh... 10 hours sleep and I'm still tired! How's every one? I'm slaving away on my deep english coursework story. It's eight pages in font size 11 at the moment and I haven't even finished it! Eeeek! I need to know how long every one elses are because I think mine's gonna be too long. Oh, yeah and the title... hmm... The Lost White Tulip? The Threads of White Tulips? Hmm... yeah, if you haven't guessed it's got some thing to do with white tulips, so it would be good to have them in the title. Oooh, Chao, the guy in Manu Chao is French! Wow! Cool guy, he travels the globe writing his songs! I want his job!!! Mind you... could be hard to drag a piano around the desert and places... Yeah... urlLink http://www.whspliff.net/ I guess they're proud to sell canabis! It was advertised in the Glastonbury magazine *see, I can't spell it now cause of french classes!* I wasn't searching for it! Honest!

 Hey, search for 'Atomic bomb test' and download it. You can probably get it off me idolisinghope@KaZaA.com it's funny! Erm... what's the deal with all the fireworks? We even had some this morning! Either that or some one was having a lot of fun with a gun...!

 Hmm... has any one read 1984? I think it's called that... it's a really good book but it kind of freaks you out. As my brother put it, 'You never think the same again.' and that's true. You get really freaked! Basically, the scary point about it is that this guy hates the strict dictatorship he's under and wants to break out of it. So he's thinking about breaking out of it and going to do some thing about it, but he can't because of the 'Thought Police' who are supposed to pick out trouble makers and get rid of people trying to go against the dictatorship. So he starts a diary, which is prohibited, and he thinks he's got past the Thought Police... but he hasn't. Aww, the ending's sad. Big Brother is watching you. ...(Don't question the pointlessness of this!)

 Hey! I think Anne Robinson is trying to smile in that photo! Scary huh? Oh, no one's blogged since yesterday cause we're all lazy slobs. Hey, no one blogged yesterday! I have an excuse, Izzy ate me. Ok, so actual excuse: I was at Laura's house and we were doing Jean-Claude manga! Yeah, that super crap super dumb story is now a crap manga too! It's sooo funny! We've only got the front page and chapter 1 page done. I'm doing the chapter one page and it's good if I say so myself... which I do... Uhuh... Any way it's called ivre, which apparantly means drunk in French... Oh, it's a French manga! Yeah ok then... french manga written by english people in a japanese style... Woohoo! Jean-Claude looks sooo funny! He's got a curly mustache *whatever* and beree *BIG whatever* and erm oh yeah black and white top! Like robber style! All we need is a big swag bag now! Ok... ok... I'm going! Bubi!

 urlLink http://rumandmonkey.com/widgets/tests/celebrity/ - Britain. Land of tea, small yappy dogs and gritty soap operas about people called Mandy. Are you famous there? Excuuuuse me! I don't even like dogs or tea and yeah the soaps suck... but America has them too! In a different crappy way, of course, but yeah! I think we can all agree with this once we've seen 'Hang Time' *shivers* Eugh... never again! Any way, back to being test frenzy. Last one, honest! urlLink Which annoying B-list celebrity are you ?

 *monk* a warrior with formidable chi abilities disciplined; calm; intense [ urlLink Final Fantasy Tactics Job Class ] Ok... ok, so frenzy over. And yes, I really should go and phone Laura now and do my homework... bisi.

 I am a Light Cycle . I drive fast, I turn fast, I do everything fast. I even breakfast. I tend to confuse people with my sudden changes of heart. Sometimes I even confuse myself, which tends to cause problems. What Video Game Character Are You? Well that's just jolly.

 Wow! I found a annoy your friends website! WOW! Not that I need any help at that... Geez, I'm random today, sorry about all the little blogs, mind you, I think you might crack if I did a big long one!

 The kitchen is the most fast paced room in the house. Always bustling about trying to make everyone happy. urlLink If you were a room in a house, what room would you be? Damn, don't you hate that when every one realises where you are, and where the cookies are. OH! Yeah... back to phoning Laura! I wasn't trying to get away from you or any thing... Hehe... Bi!

 urlLink urlLink What Type of Villain are You? urlLink mutedfaith.com / urlLink Hey! Paranoid... me... yeeks. Hmm, so today oh err I gotta go phone Laura! Sorry, about to start blabbing for a few million line but it looks like your saved from that. Aww, poor you. (Lucky you.)

 urlLink take the butt quiz. urlLink and go to mewing.net. why not visit the site of someone who made a quiz about butts? Who would make a test about buts...? Bagsy foot test!!!

 urlLink You are Tsukino Usagi You are love food, boys, shopping, and hanging out with your friends. You tend to cry when things get too hard, and have trouble doing things right the first time. You probably need to study a little harder. Your faith in the basic goodness of all people keeps you on the right track, even when others don't see it. urlLink Take the "What Magic Girl are you?" Quiz Test frenzy guys! Hey! I'm Usagi! I'm not that clumsy... err... yeah... so I tripped over a lead today and whacked into a load of stuff in music, so what!

 NOOO! That's awful! Geez Izzy, you've actually started doing work experience searching already? :O I've not even thought about it! Hey, we're good at French! We can say give me money or else remember? That's the only thing that you'll truely ever need to know! Or it will be for me... hehe... MUHAHA! *ahem* Sorry, flem. "Donne-moi l'argent, sinon tu vas le regretter!" Yeah! Hey come back here with that swag bag! Nooo! (...Yeah...)

 Ooooh so tomorrow- shock, horror, Katie - Laura doesn't want to make chocolate pizza!!! Noooo!

 Ok- I've been checking out work experience, here's my progress so far - I tried the Big Issue Offices in Bristol and they told me to phone back when the boss guy was in, which I didn't because my mum told me that it was located in this dodgey place in Bristol which is the centre of a prostitution ring!! And passing cars will try to pick up anyone of female gender. My mum knows because she used to have to walk through there to get to work and she basically said - "NO WAY!!!" So I was looking through schools, and I found this french school, which I thought would be some twee little after-school classes for kids who want to learn how to say "My name is Freddie" and such, In French. So I left a breif answer-phone message and got a bit freaked out when the voice on the machine was French... *takes deep breath* So I visited the website and realised to my horror that it was a school for French/English kids - a PRIVATE school, 901 for 5 days!!!! Its for kids with one French parent and one English parent who want their kid to be bi-lingual. These 5 year-olds can probably speak French better than I can! SO (argh, how many "So"s?) I was looking through the list of magazines and newspapers in the yellow pages, and I found something called the Spark Positive Change Magazine - groovy, huh? I visited the website and it's run by about 10 members of staff in a one-room office! Woohoo! And basically they sound like a load of hippies from the 70's who want to change the world...so, naturally, I emailed them! Arghh... I hope the French lady doesnt phone! Speaking of French - Arghhh! We have to go see Mr.S tomorrow! It was all my mum, NOT me, ok???

 Today was fun! We swapped IT short course for RE short course! Yeay! Apart from... we don't know what rooms we're in now or any thing... hehe... yeay! Getting lost sounds like fun!

 :( I bwoke it! Aww! Ahh wheck. Gwess I'wl jwust ave to gwive up. (EH?) Nm.

 Hmm... *WHACK WHACK* Try it now.

 Hehe check bottom... *hey don't be dodgey!* I meant of the page... Yeah sure... check your bottom if you want to, I don't know what you're expecting to find. (STOP... this trail of thought) Yep! Hehe... geez, really dug myself in and got myself out then! (Got yourself out? I don't think you have yet) ... ... Bye guys!

 urlLink Hehe, took it again cause it's sooo cool!

 urlLink wow im young free and single!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Toodles xx

 LOL AND LOLLIEPOPS!!!!!!!!!! I ahve nothing to delare. O apart from the fact that Miss Broom is dressing up as a witch 4 the fashion show!!! Toddles xx

 I don't want to point, And make up names. If only you would stop, Playing these games. 'Niggers' are not stupid, Maybe it's you. Just because you're afraid of others, Doesn't mean they're afraid of you. Katie Sims. (Me just incase you didn't know) Responce to people being racist on flooble website. :(

 Il est parti le discotheque a 18h00. Il faisait froid. Il a mange beaucoup de oignons et saucisses vegeterian. Il s'appelle Jean-Claude. il etait ivre et les rues etaient pleines d'ivrognes. Il est tombe dans la rue. Il vu un grande lapin djet. "Zut alhors!" dit Jean-Claude. "Ah! J'ai oublie mon nom!" dit . . . il. Deux heures plus tarde. Jean-Claude est arrive a la banc avec un baguette. "Donne-moi l'argent, sinon tu vas le regretter!" Il crie. "Qui tes-vous?" dit le grande elephant rose qui s'appelle Marmaduke. "En garde mon petit pain!" dit Marmaduke. Marmaduke a un baguette aussi! TBC Hey! That's what we did in French! Cool huh? And it actually makes sense! Not according to urlLink http://babelfish.altavista.com/ though! Look at the translation according to that! It left the discotheque has 18h00. The weather was cold. It A eats many onions and sausages vegeterian. It is called Jean-Claude. it was drunk and the streets were full with drunkards. It is fall into the street. It considering large a buckled rabbit. "Zut alhors!" known as Jean-Claude. "Ah! I have forget my name!" known as. . . it. Two hours more delays. Jean-Claude east arrives has the bench with a rod. "me the money Gives, if not you will regret it!" It shouts. "Which are you?" known as large the pink elephant which is called Marmaduke. "my roll keeps some!" known as Marmaduke. Marmaduke has a rod too! TBC Okk... weird huh? Yup!

 Heysie. Gromit's the dog and Wallace is the weird ear guy. Geez what is it with his ears? Yeah it rained sooo bad today! I was walking home - across Golden Valley School field and I could barely walk because of the wind and because of that all the rain was getting swept up into my face and it hurt! I couldn't see cause I had to blink all the time and my eyes stung! Owchie! Oh, I broke my umbrella! I couldn't open the stick thing *nod* so I tried to jam it in. Then, the next time I opened it the top came off! It just all broke off! So I put it in the bin and tried to survive without it! Oh, I was a wimp going to school though and I got a lift! Hehe, that was like minimal ran compared to this evenings tsunami! Sorry I'm boring... it's just I had french and boring stuff today, oh and french homework *shivers* Euugh... bad bad bad!

 Tra la la la!!!!!!! We had to do x country in the pouring rain 2day, but that soup I had 4 my lunch made up 4 it!! Cor it woz well lush my lover!!!:) Anyway.......... I am afraid that I have nothing thats dodgy or remotly scarey to tell you. O I no something you can download the new Wallace and Gromit films on the Internet and thats the only way that you can get them!!! Do you know that when I woz little I could never work out which one was Gromit and which one was Wallace, just a small bit of trivia there for you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have got nothing else to say. Toodles xx

 I wanna erm... I don't know what I want but damn I want it! Err... CHEESE! Give me CHEEEESE!

 Excuse me Lynne! How dodgey! There are little kids here... erm... yeah! *grabs a little kid* see! Oops, sorry Izzy. :) Hehe I love being evil! Any hoo today was absolute hell! First we had science and I hadn't done the homework! So I had to copy it off of Izzy, but then it figured that we didn't have to hand it in! Aaarghsie! Then we had CROSS COUNTRY! Noooo! Which was hell by the way. We had to run around our school, oh yeah *run*, then out and to another school which we ran around, then back and around our field. It . was . so . much . fun. :| Not really. The only preperation we had for this was going around our school - once. So seeing as we such at fitness at the moment it was dead scary! Then apparantly we cut corners and didn't do it right so we have to do it again! AARGH! To our PE teachers - Piss off, not likely! My knee kills now and I remucked up my wrist. :( So basically, I'm not a happy bunny and I can't hop far. But at least I didn't bring the school down when I cooked macoroni *whatever* cheese *bigger whatever* Ugh, me tired!

 visit this website its a really good reason why you should not wear thongs, it will also make you laugh untill your boobs fall off. ( don't ask i red it on a card once) heres the addy 4 it; http://www.bbc.co.uk/so/reallife/sexandbody/mel_letter5.shtml Toodles xx

 Ok I'll change it then all the blokes i no are possesive little creeps, that better?? I have had fun 2day after netbal trials my mum and dad were not @ home and it woz raining lots and lots so I went too Laura Harris's with her and stayed there which was a chuckle. Hummmmmmmmmmmmm it's really cold. My hands and head are the only part of me thats not got several layers on, well u no i thought i mite luk slightly stupid in a balaclarva and u cant type in gloves so thats that!! Toodles xx

 Netball trials? Eh? Oh well, Lynne's weird little thing I guess! Err... not all blokes are possessive little creeps like... uhh... Gandhi? *can't spell* Well, hey, it's gonna rain for 30 hours today and woohooo! My parents have disappared which is damn scary! I think I'll go find em... *gulp*

 I'm sorry but Laura and I made a one rule; NO BLOKES for the simple fact that they are possesive little creeps!!! Thats all! I tak it that you dont like our good idea, well you dont have to come if you feel that strongly about it!!! Laura and I can go on our todds!! so :P Tra la la la I went to netball trials this morning, but suprise suprise i'm not on the team!! :) Toodles xx

 Wahay, good poemy thingy aye? Just me being angry again :D Ooh yeah, I get angry a lot! But my happy bubble keeps going some how... so I'm happily angry! I don't mind when people try to break my bubble because no one can apart from me. When I become sad it breaks, and no other time. What really gets me angry is if some one tries to break some one elses bubble, because some people's aren't made with as strong bubble mix as mine and some are made with stronger. So if you lend some one your bubble mix when they need it maybe they'll lend you their's when you need it. Mmm... I'm just full of bubbly logic!

 We all need a common enemy, Some thing to fight against. It gathers us together, Pushes our troops to the brink. Why then did you decide, That the enemy, Would be me?

 Yeah! Uhh... go Lynne! That's what my brother and his friends did, they got 50 worth of food and they took most of it home! We could camp I suppose... I'd probably have to get my brother to go with us so we don't explode any thing... ehe... hehe. Ooooh! KEROSENE!

 Well hello girls and uh girls!!! Poor Laura!! Her her mum and her dad are being kicked out of the house by Helen so that her friends can come round 2 celebrate her 18th burpday!! Laura B and I have had the bestest idea, since ummmmmm our last one!! After we have finished our GCSE's next year we are going to go camping in Cornwall with a few select friends, and your invited!!!!!!!!! We were going to take all our stuff, tents etc, and a couple of crates of food, and on Lauras sugestion 2 bottles of Archers between us!!!!! She got really over excited and had 2 go home which was a shame because we were having fun ripping up coke cans, just dont ask!!!!!! Toodles xx

 Lynne! We don't want to know about your bra's you know! Hey, and I think she was kidding or some thing, she's still evil though and that doesn't prove a thing! Kerosene! Kerosene! Hehe... ehe... Oh, by the way your blog didn't post! Aww, poor Lynne! Mmm yeah, yesterday was fun! About five people didn't turn up, and that's a record for us! (Usually it's every one who doesn't turn up apart from us) Hehoo not really! We watched the Princess Diary's *yawn* That sucked. With a capital Q! And then we watched Evil Woman which was err... dodgey and umm freaky! But it had the guy out of Tenacious D in it! :O Then we started a pillow fight! Oh, Emma went to get a ball out back and got hurt so I had to leg it with no shoes on to the alley at the back of my house with a first aid kit! Hehehoo! Geez I'm weird! And freezing cold at the moment... I'm starting to think that big flares with stringy top isn't good. Cooold hands. Yeah, well... this is random... I'll go clean my teeth, bubi!

 WOWZODES!!!!!!!!!! I just had a civil convosation with Rosie, I thought I would show ti to you as proof; Never give out your password or credit card number in an instant message conversation. Life is a Cabaret!!! says: hiya, r u amy? If they jumped off a cliff would you follow? says: nope Life is a Cabaret!!! says: o, who is this then? If they jumped off a cliff would you follow? says: ur worst nigtmare revisited If they jumped off a cliff would you follow? says: u guessed who i am yet? If they jumped off a cliff would you follow? says: nope ok then Rosie says: i thought u were amy bevan i'm confused! If they jumped off a cliff would you follow? says: im not im sorry Rosie says: ok, sorry bout that! lol Rosie says: bye xxx If they jumped off a cliff would you follow? says: bubi If they jumped off a cliff would you follow? says: x- - - -x Rosie says: xxx Rosie is Rosie and Life is a caberet. I am if they jumped of a cliff would you follow?? Wow I had fun yesterday!! I got a red T-shirt with Zippy on, a snoopy Bra, with Snoopy on!! some hair bands, some thorntons chocolates, and a present for Emilys mum!!! Toodles xx

 Heloosie! Sorry, I think I've turned into the Happiness Freak at the moment... YEAYSIE! Hehe... MUAHAHAAA! Where's my kerosene! Ok, ok, slightly obsessed! But yeahah! Mmm... oooh! Today was funn! Yeah... so I've had too much chocolate, some one should have stopped me! I spent sooo much money on food today! Geez, I'm such a pig! Any hoo I have to go be a people person so bubi! This world needs more people people (weird!) go be nice to people and not care who they are.

 Wow! How cool! Oh, and err... sorry about all the random blogs yesterday! I was having a nose bleed when suddenly the neighbours had fireworks going... weird huh? But yeah that's what it was about.... Hehe... AARGH! I've goota goo bubi!

 Wow. I got bored and downloaded Ugly Stick! Fun.

 Oh my god!!!!! tickets to spunge are 8!!!! EIGHT POUNDS!!! OH MY GOD!! (shh - dont tell anyone!)

 Aww! Poor katie! Who ever would have thought that typing HTML could give you a nose-bleed. Speaking of crap, my parents have just been watching a really fascinating documentery about the history of toilets! Did you know that the dude who invented the first toilet was called Thomas Crapper?? Arghhh I've been flicking through the yellow pages for ideas for work experience - did you know that there was such a thing as a sewage consultant? Eugh, why is everything about poo??? Ok, so tomorrow, we are expecting... Me! Katie, Laura B, Beki, Jess, Emma, Kim, Laura H, Claire, Emma Bexon, Dave, John, Vinnie, Seb and someone called James Dixon??!!?? How about inviting the plumber and Dorris from bingo club, huh? Huh!? He heeeee I should freak everyone out one day and invote a loada people from orchestra and the Newshop, now THAT would be freaky! Ahahahaaa... I think I need sedating...

 FIREWOOOOOORKS!

 YES! HA UNBROKEN!

 NOT THE BEST THING TO BREAK THIS AND GET ANGRY WHILE YOU'VE GOT A NOSE BLEED! damn one handed typing!

 OH CRAP! I'm having a NOSE BLEEEED!

 YEAHHH! (SLightly slow) Christmas Number one for Little Mouse! (Go scan the page! If you really don't want to get it then don't though.) We should so go on the BBC website after Look Around You (when the guys are online. Stick with it, admazingly I do have a point!) and ask them where we can buy it! (Seriously needing a life) No, not really. Just a whole load of pain relievers at the moment. The computer's getting to me and I've got a bad headache. :( (...) What! I've only been on this for about two hours! (Try three) Meanie!

 Aww! I lost my blog! Any way, me and Laura are sooo tired after going shopping for ages! I've actually got every one's prezzies now and I can relax. Ahh... We got most of them from Forbidden Planet! I looove that shop! Seriously it kicks ass! Usually we'd walk around for hours trying to look for stuff, but in Forbidden Planet you find too much so you spend hours in it any way! Yeah! That could so have been phrased better I'm guessing... urlLink http://uk.news.yahoo.com/021130/140/dfrih.html Oh my god that's scary! Geez... imagine finding out that you've got HIV or some thing. Damn scary. Oh, sorry about the randomness. It's just that admazingly I can do a lot of things at once so I surf while I blog. (Not just multi heads, multi computers too!) Yeah... I see how that works but... no. Heheee. I was just looking at foxkids... as you do. And Iron Man's on it! Yeahhh! Some one's bringing ye olde cartoons back from the warehouse! YEAY! Danger Mouse is on Boomerang too and wow I looove them! (Eek. Need to get out more) Check. Ok, I better go. Bisi!

 Aww twas fun - me and Flynne played drinking games with Dr.Pepper! We couldn't find any glasses that wre the same size apart from pints so we used china egg cups instead of shot glasses! 1 - 2 - 3 - DRINK - *slam* ! Fun.

 Yes Right!

 OOOH! Mr Fopple! Yeah! Izzy you soo have to finish that! Aww... my poor hands! I've been playing Sonata in G too much and it's freezing my fingers up! (Don't ask if you don't play the piano) Owchie. Any way. Ooh I can give you guys a lift back on Sunday, can Laura de big bum give us a lift there? (Uhuh. Nod)

 Heloooo! So.... what's new? Nothing really with me, apart from... little kids have been trying to break into my house! YEAY! Be funny if they did, we only have crap in our house so they'd be like 'bugger' and try some where else! Yeay! Whoops, I've been pratting about for too long and tea's ready, bubi!

 Wahay! It's the totally boring I'm-not-gonna-blog people! YEAY! How interesting! (Whatever) Mmm... I'm sooo happy! (Oh dear, delerium before the downfall) Ah heck don't worry, the retail therapy on Saturday should do me good! Hehe. I just find it funny that some one can come up with a posh thing for shopping! God I love that person! It makes it sound intelligent (?) ... (Mad, totally mad) We're doomed! We're all doomed! (Er... go watch Dad's Army to understand) Oooh, interesting point. Izzy said that they banned Barbie's in Russia cause it turned all the girls blonde! YEAH! Go them! (If they actually did it... Izzy's a teenie bit less dense than me so it could be possible) Mmm ahh I have to go annoy *phone* ahh yes, phone, Laura now. *muhahhaaa* Hey Look Around You is on tonight! Go watch! BBC2 or channel 3 at 9:50! YEAY!

 HEeeeeYYY. I'm bored. I just did a whole load of science homework and it's majorly boring! Yeay! And I've broken the computer, and forgotten what I was gonna say. Don't worry, it probably had some profound deep meaning behind it... just pretend that this has too.

 Awww! And you were the champion projectile vomiter in your day! Don't stop Izzy! Okay, I'm having a clumsy finger time at the moment because I did my grade 4 exam today and my fingers are kind of going eurk at the moment... Well... If they could or would go eurk thent hey would or could be going eurk! YEAH! RANDOM CRAP! Be thankful I haven't lost my gift!

 UMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!! I dont want 2 do x country 2 morrow!!!!! Toodles xx

 Woooowww I'm back online and i cant think of anything to blogabout. Maybe I've just been away from Blogger so long that I've forgotton how to spill out a load of random crap onto the keyboard and not give a damn (and i'm not talking about hurling).

 Emotions. The down pull and up thrust of life.

 Hey any way Lynne, I'm sure their are safer ways to get stoned - without landing on you're extremely small ass and having it kill for the next 20000 hours. Not that that happened to me or any thing...

 Whoops should of realised that! Any way, stupid thing of the day. A 19 year old man was catapulted off a... human catapult and he missed the safety net, went squash and died! What a cool death! You'ld be like 'ccooooool' then you'ld see the ground and be like 'ahhh fucccckkkk!' or some thing along those lines! Ehe... greeeat. Oh, I did another dumb thing. People keep calling and not saying any thing, and I was kind of hyper... *i'm always hyper* So I said 'Hello? Hello? Goodbye.' then I cancelled it! WHOOPS! Then I dialed 1471 and before it dialed it this guy said 'hello?' AARGH! Damn I'm a prat!

 It's a monday night, its nearly 7o clock and I'm not @ cadets because i feel poopy! To put it bluntly. sooooooooo i hate being ill, it smells, but the bad thing is you cant actually smell or taste anything. Lol, my dad was explaining my physics h/w 2 me and i was not getting it and neither was he so hes taken it 2 work with him so that they can work it out. HE HE HE HE HE HE HE HE HE im so evil! (not really plz dont b scared little children) The reason you need two people is so that you can spin around and get thge effects of being stoned! Doppy!! Toodles xx

 Err yeah... I swear you don't need drugs to get high, look at me!

 WTF? I SWEAR some one has the same web address as us! JESUS CHRIST! Freaky! I was trying to get on this and it went yellow and I was like WTF? I think some one else has http://saneasakitten.blogspot.com/ I got it first!

 Don't worry Lynne. America's political system is corrupted already. Nothing can change that. Mmm... but then every thing is corrupted in one way or another. The church is. Every thing is. Nothing's perfect. Geez, I've gotta stop doing this. Doing deep, short sentances. Maybe it can get into your head easier in small short snippets. (That wasn't short) Oh well.

 Two people? Eh? Explain it to the stupid people who don't picke up on big hints (me) Any way AAARGH test on Tuesday! Nooo! Actually I better go practise... Bisibi!

 BBBBBBBlllllllllllluuuuuurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggghhhhhhhhhh!!!!! I feel pants! i'm getting a cold and have a sore throte, going out last night did not help!!! I did actually learn sum stuff last nite like how to get stoned without taking any drugs. But there has 2 b 2 people! Im tired!! Toodles xx

 I am totaly agreeing Katie! All some people think about now adays is them selves! They don't think about what their actions mite do to other people. They have been brought up in a world where they have always had what they want and when they got it. To make it simple for blonde peeps (see even im racist about myself) if i was doing what George Bush is doing to the Muslim culture at school this is what it might be like; Katie beats Lynne up because she ahs pink socks (random thing i no) Lynne thinks that this is awful and in return gets all her allies to help her kick the stuffing out of Katies class, because of what one person out of 30 thinks is right! See people need to be tought to become tollerant of other peoples beliefs and what they do. If we went round bombing everyone that we haad the weeniest fall out with there would be noone left to bomb!! Its simple. Basicly America and England are starting to have a dictated leadership. There are not enough conservatives or Lib dems in the house of commons to have a fair argument against the labour Mps, so what labour says goes! Rant over. I feel really ill. I am still doing Media studies c/w and have been since 1/2 9 so i thought i needed a brake!! (Suprisingly) I really cant think of anything else to say, so its back to my c/w!!! Toodles xx

 Has any one heard about this BNP thing? They've taken seats. The racist party has gained, how did this happen? Are people in Britain really that narrow minded? These asylum seekers are here and it's our duty to protect them. They've taken asylum in our country. Do you really think that they want to come out of one country where they wil probably be killed and go to a country where they are condemned for the colour of their skin or their atributes? Is this fair? Imagine going to Africa and being picked on because 'you were white' surely you wouldn't stand for that, so why should all the 'black' *i hate using that word, sorry* people take the crap they get from us? After Osama Bin Laden attacked America people began to attack muslims. Why? Because they were the same religion. Because they could be in the same sect or whatever as him. What bull shit. Maybe we should have been killed when Hitler began his reign of terror because we came from the same descendents and most of us had blonde hair and blue eyes. Maybe because of the way we looked we could have been a Nazi. What racist crap is going around these days? Why hasn't educating reached out to these people, and beaten them to a bloody pulp until they understood?

 Err yeah! We soo get what Lynne's going on about! Any way, on to more serious matters *like cheese?* No, not like cheese. urlLink http://uk.news.yahoo.com/021123/140/dfbb5.html - It's this Miss World thing. It's sparked violence and killed more than 100 people. Why? All because of some brainless bimbos pouncing around a stage? Not really, all because of the prejudice that still exists in this world. Some one published an article in a national newspaper saying that Muhammad would have wanted to marry one of the beauty queens. I think I blame this person for the violence that errupted afterwards. What were they thinking? So odviously, this person is Christian. Maybe we should change 'Muhammad' to 'Jesus'. This person odviously has no respect and is a racist chauvanist *there's me trying to be clever again*. With people like that in Nigera then it's understandable that this violence has started. Seperate groups should not be seperated further, they should be put together and made to understand each other, it's too easy to say that it's all the other groups fault, and not understand why they're doing it. With understanding comes knowledge, I just hope some people learn this before it's too late. Maybe George Bush should go back to school, I think he needs it. He see's these 'terrorists' as completely unhuman and as animals that will kill us all, but surely they're still human beings. What is this world coming to?

 ha ha ha I have got one Laura; Ridley Scott. He directed Gladiator, blade runner Hannable etc. Your turn now! Dyall no rite that last night at the xmas fair i won a 2kg tin of roses for giving them tombola prices. I am soooooooo lucky. I have eaten loads already. MUST go and do Media studies c/w whilst @ home on my own, then I can go 2 my Nans and eat more roses and real food!!!!!!!!! Toodles xx P.S Im waiting for your reply Laura!!!!!!!! (*_*)

 urlLink http://www.bbc.co.uk/comedy/lookaroundyou/littlemouse.shtml Go listen to Little Mouse and watch Look Around You! NOW MY MINIONS NOW!

 ooops i broke

 hey darliks( is that how you spell darlik?) i dunno. im listening to a weird song. its called city of angels and its by the distillers and in a weird way i like it. i downloaded cos it was on that recommended list they give you and i was bored. to lynne - rick waller!!!!! hee hee i thought of one!

 EEEK! LITTLE GREEN ...PEOPLE HAVE TAKEN OVER BLOGGER! NOOO! Some one get Izzy out of there!

 Err... ahh the little green men again!

 AHHH! I'm doing science homework, apart from I DON'T KNOW what I'm DOING! Ohh... and Look Around You is on at 9:50! WOWWWW!

 Heheee! I just read a story well kind of about reading stuff over people's shoulders in a bus! (Don't ask) Hehe, me and Laura we're doing that on the way back from Bristol because this guy had a magazine devoted to Nirvana so we read it over his shoulder! A bit tooo obviously though cause he put it away. Aww shame!

 Hey. Me. Slightly. Angry. Not. Enough. Time. To. Talk. Sorry. Bi.

 Hello! I am having funtalking to Lettys friend 'Paul' which is really funny!!!!! I ahve just told him that his hotmail addy shud b; bighairydogwithspots@hotmail.com Toodles xx

 Ok, so I've learnt this the easy way - so you'll learn from my stupid mistakes - well.. the thing is *gasp* well ... the truth, the horrible and terrifying truth is.. No! It's too terrible (Shuddup and spill) Hazelnut doesn't go with apples in pies! (Oh.) ... (Well if I knew that you were going to tell us that, I would have let you continue) Ahh... oh well! Hey yeahoo! Tomorrow's Wednesday! Wait a sec ... *brain click* AARGH! I have my grade 4 piano test next Tuesday.... NOOO! Now that's damn scary! I oughta gooo soory! Bisi! ...Any one want a pie...? *hehe*

 Oops err... it's on at 9 by the way! Forgot to add that er... snipet of information!

 James Dixon? Geez he's scary! Hehe... bit afraid of me actually, cause I kind of insulted Seb really badly and he walked off *whoopsie* Aww, hope Emma's ok now. She fell down cause people were shoving so she went and beat them up! Yeah! ...I think... ANY WAY! WOWSIES! Ground Hog Day is on channel 5! I've seen it trillions of times and it's sooo good! (I think every one has) Oh well. WATCH IT! Hehe, yeah hyper kiddy mode! Eugh... I was doing Spanish homework and it was a bit hard, but hey not as hard as Je ne comprends pas le franais French! (Erm translated: I don't understand French French!) Yeaysie! I mean, if we were actually taught it once in a while then maybe it wouldn't be so bad but EURGH! COME ON TEACH US! I mean HELOO! We sit in class doing nothing... Oh God, I've just realised that I'm doing a Lynne! NOOO! DOn't worry, this somber piano music will get me back to my usual wise depressed self! *sniff sniff* Damn.

 I cant spell the wurzels either ask James Dixon if u want 2 no all about them Toodles xx

 WOOOOOW this is really scaring me now kt plz cum on 2 msn!! toodles xx

 LLLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! I was dancing 2 the 2002 remix of the combine harvester song on saturday night and i had a brill time so dont insult it rite?! P.S dont worry your little heads i wont get the wurvels album!! (*_*) P.P.S Big fish little fish cardboard box! Toodles xx

 urlLink http://www.unitedpress.co.uk/ Wow! Go to the "A Passion For Poetry" I've got a poem in it! WOW! (Err... sado)

 Ohh! Sorry Lynne forgot about that! (Hehe, she spelt blonde wrong again!) Really Lynne, some times I think that blonde isn't just root deep. If you know what I mean... which you probably don't so err... nevermind. Ahh nooo! You've been listening to 70's music. AHHH! So have I but... that was just because of my mum! Lynne, you don't seriously want to buy the Worzles *whatever* new album do you? That scares me to beejeebies land (wherever or whatever that is) I will NOT (WHOOPS! Sorry forgot to close the tag then... hehe... I'll just hope that no one noticesd!) let you get it! Nooo! I won't let the aliens claim you! (Trust me, the Wurzles *?* are aliens I tell you!) I mean, who sings songs about combine harvesters? (The Wizles?) Now that's just stupid. (Hehe) Ahh I should go, sorry for the freakiness! Bisibi!

 Hey! Evil kes here! Yeay! I've kind of er been getting really angry at nothing today! Yeay! I'm all better now though (Don't worry, I didn't take my anger out, I saved it for school! MUHAHAH! Herum... any way...

 AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have had one rocking weekend!! 70s music is the bomb! I really cant b bothered to go into 2 much of the gory details u can have them 2moz @ school. Katie I do not explore the site to check for things like that....Im blond 4 goodness sake! Toodles xx

 Heeey! Wow, I'm doing stuff ! Wow! Ok, ok, so I'm doing a load of stuff so Patrick can raise money for Peru! Fun! Mmm... I haven't done any homework yet (whoopsies) Oooh, I need to get some filling for home ec, we're making four different types of pastry with four different fillings *shiver* eugh... Ah heck, better than graphics! We get to eat what we make! Yeay! Actually I might go completely mad and make a cake today! Yeay! (I though this was supposed to be keeping you sane) Me too chuck, me too.

 Woohoo for crappy spelling in the last blog! Yeah! Mmm... argh I'm still tired, even though I've done bugger all, all day! Yeay! I did do some cutting out of aprons though, but apart from that zilcho. I'm gonna have to do homework tomorrow though. Ooh, I'm gonna go watch Bend it Like Beckam *how do you spell that?* Hehe, bet I'm one of the few dozen who can't spell it! Yeay! Any way, expect a review of it (or a very tired me moaning about some thing) later. Bi then!

 The Invisible Voice No one knew that you were here Every one listened with an ear No one chose to look and see To look for you and where you might be You silently slip through the crowd Hiding your mysterious face But no one knows where you are No one seems to care So shout for once Scream high and loud into the air So some one will know that you were here Some one will know your name For you are the unamed mystery Never being here or near But still you try and reach people So they will choose to care You will find friends eventually But not amoung these ungrateful things Because no one knew that you were here No one listened because there was nothing to hear Katie Sims Yes I'm bored and in a poem writing mood! Yeay! Hmm cryptic poem aye? I'm still trying to figure out what it means. Poems just come to me, they aren't planned, I just write them. Fun! Wow, I can make millions by doing basically nothing! (Yeah, right) Hehe... maybe not, any way I have to gooo and have a shower now! Bi! (See only half of what I do all the time) Whatever. I recon some one should take the publish button of this page, it's turning every one apart from me crazy probably.

 Mmm yep, sorry I kind of had to go yesterday because it was really late and everything... Ahh, and now I'm tired. (Geesh 12 hours sleep and you're still tired?) Yeah, it's a me thing. Plus I'm tired any way... which you shouldn't question. (Cryptic and weird.) Not dogey. Ahh, got that sorted out! Aww, Cleo's here! All the cats come up for a hug when I'm on the computer. Which is fine... but really hard to type one handed! Mmm better, aww what a nice story. Sorry, I read one again on some where or other site place (I'm not gonna tell you so :P) Hehe, cruel huh? Not really just don't like every one to know what I do *all* the time. Just half of it. Keeps some secrecy (like I've got any) Muhaha, but I have! Every one has secrets, otherwise they wouldn't be secrets. (Yes, pointless but correct.) Thank you, that's sooo kind. (Ahh go back to reading, book worm girl) Wow, cool name (Not really) Yes... I'm running away now like you. Bubi!

 Wow! Some one pledged 10p to Children In Need! Yeay! Pointless is good!

 urlLink http://www.bristolticketshop.co.uk/ Wow! Reel Big Fish are going to the Anson Rooms (where?) in Bristol for 14+!!! WOW! We're older than 14! WE CAN GOOOO! Yeay! If any one has 12 though... oh, and it's in February next year! YEAY! (How do you spell february? Oohh... aparantly that's right!) Ahh yeah, I'm not gone or any thing. Phew, just had homework fever for a moment, then I remembered that tomorrow's Saturday (duh) Oh well, hopefully my brain will return to me soon! Come back!

 What's the point?

 Lynne... we have one of those already at the bottom *sigh* Doesn't any one explore this page? Oh yeah, just ignore the chewing gum under the tables... Erm yeah... Any way YEAY! Tomorrow's Friday! Oh, and sorry guys but I might have to drag you all to this barn dance for my brother! MUHAHA! Yeah come on, it won't be that bad! No ...really... erm I'm sure we can all do some thing or other.... maybe... Like erm ...start moshing? YEAH! They don't call us freaks for nothing you know! We have to live up to the label! Yeah aww, sorry read a sad story. (Don't question me, it's too hard to do!) Yeay so pink and purple day at school tomorrow! Do you recon that I could just wear the website? COOL! (Err no, freakish actually) Oh Laura you better bring in the 5th book! THE 5TH! WOW! (*sigh* so sad)

 urlLink this is our own blogger pet!! Toodles xx

 urlLink http://www.freetranslation.com/index.htm Best translator in the whole world! YEAY! Homework just got a whole load easier!

 urlLink http://www.fopp.co.uk Fopp online! Wow, and heaven is here on Earth! (Or on net... *whatever*) OHH JUST POST THIS ALREADY! Err.. sorry, I've just tried to post this about five times and it keeps mucking up!

 Ahh, every one was at orchestra today but it was fine cause I talked to Chris and peeps. We're having a reading book in English! arghsie! And get this we have to read it! NOO! Haha, it was funny at break, we kept saying to Jon that he's sexist but he kept saying 'No no,' hehe, we really pissed him off! (Fun!) In a way I guess... then at lunch (which the orchestra peeps missed) we were doing dumb stuff, we were trying to get Emma to kiss some one but she wouldn't (wonder why) ooh and I found out that Mike is now going out with no one and Debbie is with Dan. (Make any sense) Not really! urlLink http://uk.news.yahoo.com/021113/143/deivo.html Aww how depressing! Oh, Look Around You isn't on this week! *sob sob* But HIGNFY is! Yeay! Oh noo I missed Neighbours again, and it was funny yesterday apparantly, Drew died! But he died, and was buried in the same episode! Weird aye? And the whole street flew to Okey! Hehe, stupid or what? *imagines... Oh yeah, place Harold's house over there by the tree* (Like they're actually moving the street you know...?) Why do I bother? I'm just a bit far out of normal brain wave range. *brain wave? is that even a real thing* For me? No. For other people? Who knows? Err I'm gonna go, sorry for the freak talk!

 Download - Agnostic Front - Skate Rock. It's sooo cool! 'Don't try to understand me' yep, I'll send you mad! Any way, yeeeay! My mum's happy with my over all parents evening thingy and sooo am I! Apart from French! Maybe if she actually taught us the past, present and future tense WE COULD ACTUALLY USE THEM!!! Eugh... back up here please! Ahh, I'm ashamed, junk mail is really going down hill. 'National Frenship Week'...? Come on guys! We want better crap than that! YEAH! Ok, so I'm hyper and happpyyy! *step away from the screen... yes, that's right, then pretend that you haven't turned around to read this and run!* (Turned?) (err... 'you haven't just turned..'. yes turnded I guess* (Turnded?) *uhh... WOW a three headed monkey!* Erm yeah, quit it heads (...mffl...) that's better! Any way, I have my piano exam not this Tuesday but next Tuesday! (So next next Tuesday?) YUP! *down doggy... hehe* Grr! Mmm... I'm gonna pretend to go and blog in a few minutes hehe! And yeah! I don't have much homework today! Yeay! :D I'm a happy bunny! (happy dog deary) Don't you deary me!

 ARRRGH! I've been doing bloody homework all day and NOW I HAVE TO go to bed! God damn it!

 Wow my day has just got better because of that useless peice of info! Lol and lolliepops!! So what do you think of the whether? As you can tell this is gonna b 1 of those useless blogs where nothing gets said!! Sooooooooooo Toodles xx

 Did you know that ASDA stands for: American Sleep Disorders Association Australian Sports Drug Agency Australian Soft Drink Agency American Stamp Dealers Agency It's also a band, and a big super market chain thingy. WOW! Bet you didn't expect to find that type of random crap here! Ahh, I just love surprises. (?)

 Mmm homeowork. AARGH HOMEWORK!!!

 *sings... hey don't blame me! nothing can shut her up!* Come back to meeee my lovely arrchives! Hmm... maybe if we use our 'hippy powers' we can bring them back! YEAH! Every one ...concentrate... and sneeze! Yeay! (Absolutly blumming admazing) Isn't it? Herum, bet that didn't work!

 Mmm... so any way, Izzy think's she's allergic to some thing cause she's gone all rashy, but I just think she's been probed by aliens. Either way, she'll probably start groaning about it later so run away while you can! ;) Sorry, had a hard day. (Like that gives you an excuse to be mean to people) Oh ho. Mmm... about taking over the world... MUHAHA! Never mind. I'm not so bored nowerdays! I go on Star Wars Chess (yes, groan) and whip the Dark Side's ass! Yeaah! (Is that good?) Err... yes.... Well now I can beat people at chess... yeay. Like any one's ever gonna want to play it. Oh well. Guess I could beat Jon because he's a sexist pig, infact I think that I might! Yeah! Mmm I am weird. Bored though, sooo bored. I really need to do some thing! Oh yeah, I'm going to piano and then walking home so block me out tomorrow because the world will be painted black and every one will be evil. YEAY!

 YEAHH! This works! I was gonna type loooads last night but it was beeing all pooey and slow! Err yeah, and I really want to keep the last blog at the top of the page *blushes* don't get me started on that again! Hmm... ohh and now I've gone and forgot all that useful crap I could have told you! (*sarcasticly or however you spell it* it? Oh yeah, and we really really REEEALLY wanted to hear about it!) Grr... Any way, we're back at school now! Ahh heck that's annoying. But hey, Izzy isn't that bad really ;) Hehe, just get her fuming! OHH YEAH! Now I remember the point! (You DO!) Yeeah! I found out some thing cool! On the task bar, at the right we have this button and if you click on it then it shows the desktop! I never knew that before and I've had this computer for aaaages! Duh! Well erm... ours is by the 'Launch Outlook Express' button, and funnily enough, if you hover over it, it says 'Show Desktop' I mean WOW! Like who's gonna get that! Don't worry if you're lost right now, it'll only take you a few years to learn!

 Woohoo for rippling fat! YEHAA! Any way... err oh, sorry... I kinda forgot the point to this ...he...he *blush* Blush? What kind of doing thing is that? *quizzacle* GRR! *angry* WELL DUH! Damn having two heads. (Don't forget me!) Damn you.

 urlLink http://uk.news.yahoo.com/021111/80/dedur.html New cannabis health warning. Do you believe it?

 I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian. Cool huh! YEAH Laura and Izzy! Go to urlLink http://www.bloghop.com so they don't do me in for using it!

 HEEEY! I'm sooo HAPPY! I won my e-bay thingy! YEAY! But er it was really tight! I bet like 1p more than this person who bet for it ages ago. Ahh heck, their loss I guess! OHH! I'm also happy happy cause I have the 5th Fushigi Yuugi book! And some cool Ban Dai Sailor Moon thingies! (Ahh yes, love tacky Ban Dai!) I'm just SOOO happy! Uhoh, I'll go all depressed in a minute, oh nooo school and I haven't done any homework! I woke up in the middle of the night going 'must do home work, school tomorrow - ugh' so I started doing homework but then I figured that we don't have school today so I was like NOOO! And I couldn't get to sleep for ageees! It was stupid. When I woke up I felt like lead, and then I realised that I had started doing the maths any way so maybe it was better than it didn't have to be in by today! I even started making up excuses and planning to copy people! You know what they say - once devious, always devious *they also say: when you can't spell, you can't spell* Grr! Any way me go chop carrots bubi!

 HELLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO or Ping Pong as I now prefer! I had fun last night, but i can't type @ the mo so ill try and make this short and sweet!! The fireworks were really good, we stood at the end of Annas road and watched them. It was sooo funny we saw her nxt Door neighbours leaving and they started talking ot us. I was slightly hiper and started to pretend to b Irish and they were staying dead serious and i was trying to keep this convo going with me talking in an Irish accent!! The main problem is all that i can say covincingly is Hello there Father and can I have a cuppa T!! It was very funny! Then we watched Popstars and i thought that Mat (the cute 1 thats gurt lush) was going 2 b kicked out and Anna i nearly started 2 cry which is really pathetic!! But ot was funny @ the time. Then I woke up @ about 1/2 4 this morning 2 find that Jenny had squished me up against Annas bed and I couldn't move! I proptly woke her up and got her 2 move and then fell back 2 sleep! Then I was on perade at 10:30am lukin brilliant!! Toodles xx

 PHOOOOOOO! I LOST my last post! And arrgh I can't type. Sorry. I'm weird.

 Hey! It's fine now! Maybe it just doesn't like AOL or some thing... aww poor Laura! Ahh tea! Sorry, I'll be back!

 well the sites a litle bit buggered is'nt it. oh well. maybe its got the flu or something. its all the little green peoples (comprimise) fault! that was funny at the fireworks. we just spent the whole time avoiding people. like rosie (shudder). ahhh attack of the evil sister. gotta go.

 OR WOMEN...

 AAAAAAAARGH! DAMN YOU LITTLE GREEN MEN!

 Oops! I broke it... several hitting sessions later...

 Sooo, wow fireworks! Aarfgh! I'm wearing gross jeans because all my trousers are in the wash! All three pairs! *sob sob* Ah well. I'll just wear extra weird stuff to cover it up. :) ! I just realised! I have some mini-Hersley's *whatever or however you spell it* Mmm I have to go out now. Bubi!

 WOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW we will so have to get that 4 some peoples this crimbo. I have done nearly all my christmas shopping now! Yay! Once christmas has passed it will b easter, then it will b the season of birthdays!! I am soooo bored its my dad's birthday! He's getting old the poor dear! O I'm going out 2night, 2 watch the fireworks and plait Anna's hair, which could be interesting, and then in the morning I am on Perade or at the Village Bash as someone keeps calling it. They (cadets) have turned round to us and have said that we have 2 wear Bun nets (which i did already) and that we have 2 wear a hair tie that matches our hair colour. I mean where am i meant 2 get a hair band with blonde, dark brown, and a reddy brown colours on it? This morning I decided to make a cake. the first one that i have made in our new oven, I used to make Minty cakes in the old oven, but in this one they don't cook properly, and theydont rise they go down!!! I am not happy with it. So i watched Telly for a while to make myself feel better, but it diddn't really work so I am telling my feelings to you insted, mayby thats not such a good idea because you will laugh at them. O well!! Toodles xx O P.S Ne 1 want 2 go out on Monday??? Cos I do!! :P

 Ok so Spunge is actually spelt sponge! WOW! I so didn't know that! Oh, and on a scarier note - Cosmopolitan have made every bimbo's dream. A computer programme Features: Create a fantastic new look in seconds 600 stunning styles, including 360 degree views Over 1,000 alluring accessories and colours Create your own Cosmo cover with your face as the centrepiece Change your eye colour, with over 50 contact eye shades to choose from One click Cosmo looks designed especially for you AARGH! GET ME OUT OF THIS WORLD! DAMN FREAKY! ...I'll be going now...

 MUHAHA! HooooOOOooo! HEEEY! Any hooosie! Wow, so now I'm all hyper and listening to Manu Chao! Yeay! Did I happen to mention that I love Manu Chao? Go download Bongo Bong! Or if you want to get hyper get King Kong Five. Oh, and don't ask. Just say Katie sent you. (What ever that means) Hmm... I haven't had a hyper day for like aaaages! YEAY! And nooo I don't take drugs, drink or smoke! YEAY! I'm gonna GOOO some WHERE NOW! BUbisSI!

 Hey! Aww Lynne came on! No one else does! You poo's! (Not that they're gonna read this in the first place anyway though... Damn. Ahh well. Oh, if you're bored have a sandwhich with marmite and coleslaw *i dunooo!* it's soo nice! Well I like it, every one else think's that it's gross. It sooo isn't! Mine you, I do like weird stuff. Mmm... I had a craving for twiglets in history, not that's weird seeing as I kind of don't like twiglets that much. Any way help SMEE! My parents want me to make another cake and they're making me cut out aprons! AAARGH! (Hey, don't complain, you're getting paid to cut out aprons) ... Oh yeah so I am. Ah heck, now I have nothing to complain about. Oh, apart from Lynne told the person who was gonna ask out Anna that she doesn't want to go out with him seeing as he kept arranging it and then never turning up. (Who wants it arranged any way? People just either get embarrassed or obsessed. I mean helooo, not good!) *silence* Ahh heck, don't say heloo back, you might excite it. (It?) You. The thing that happens to be by my head. (Oh. Your other head?) Yup. Brown to the roots guys! I better go ...find some thing to do. Bubisi.

 I really lurve your poem! I am back online! U C absence makes the heart grow stronger apparently, bet u luv me 4 it now dont u? K I think that I am happy! OOOOOOO Marmite, Chocolate, jelly, Pizza, FOOOOOOOD! Sorry I am feeling hungry, must go and get some food! Toodles xx

 What makes people stare? What makes people point? Is it the way I walk? Or is it the way I sway. Do they hate my hair? Or do they love it too much. Do they really care? What makes them think they are better than me or you? What makes them think that I should do? - Me - Whoever me is... it's me! SMEEE! Uhuh... little too much food! Ok tea time guys bubi!

 Ok, so apparantly we're boring. urlLink http://uk.news.yahoo.com/021108/80/de8iv.html Hey! We are sooo not! *cough cough* Well yeah, I'm just weird and don't fit any where but oh-ho. Hehe. No seriously though, why don't I just have a big neon-sign saying 'outcast' above my head all the time, it takes too long for people to figure it out. Mmm... left this up for too long again! Sozzy!

 urlLink http://www.codamusic.com/coda/ Download Finale Notepad! It writes the music (score) and then you can print it out! Yeay! That seriously is gonna help GCSE music!

 Aishiteru - Je t'aime - I love you. Aww. Kawaii! Err geez I'm going crazy! Ok.. ok.. *breathe* Must. Get. Off. Site! Ahh... phew... I'm off it! And to think, I was actually using my semi-language skills! AAARGH! I NEED to get OUT MORE!

 Kuso! Yeah let's all swear in Japanese. Trust me, I got their a weird way. I went on a French site, then on their Japanese dictionary. So I went from Japanese to French to English! AARGH! Go have fun urlLink http://beaulieu.free.fr/japon/vocabulaire.html And then be green with envy that they can read English and all we can say in French is "Donne-moi l'argant sinon tu vas regretter" Or some thing like that! Fun! (Oh, and they don't have a word for fun!) How sad! I could never live with that, I'd probably end up making up a random word for fun instead!

 Ok, so now I'm bored... I need to know where to go. I guess I can figure out what to do when I get there, I just need to be showed the right direction to go. (You're weird and freaky ya know?) Yes, sadly I do.

 OOops... didn't put what happened in Luxembourg! Ah well! Mmm... don't mind me, I'm eating a rolo dessert *muhahaha!* Yeah, not an every day recourance *eek spelling* but hey, I had to put up with sitting next to Pete in history with him nicking my sheets and standing on them! He found it stupidly funny and kept laughing like a maniac all the time. I'm beginning to think that he's a maniac (I think the laughing gave it away) Hehe... soo any way, I had a totally alright day! Yeay! Happy happy! And tomorrow's Friday! Every one say "INVINSIBLE BUBBLE!" And NO! I don't know HOW to spell INVINSIBLE! YEAY! And eww... I found a de-popped bubble of dead skin that was a blister from when we went ice-skating! It's soo gross! (Keep going, we really want to hear about it) I'm sure you do. Oh, point taken. I'll be going then...

 WOW! Some thing happened in Luxembourg!!! OMG!!! WOW! That's like some thing interesting happening in Nailsea! Not that Nailsea's as big as Luxembourg... but come on, Luxembourg's capital is called Luxembourg City! Small world huh? Ok, erm don't bite my head off guys! *can picture an angry mob with tomatoes chasing me down the street* Wow! Then some thing interesting could happen in Nailsea too!

 satori n : (Zen Buddhism) a state of sudden spiritual enlightenment Just thought it was cool... I'll go back to my hole now.

 HEEEY! Mr Fopple! IZZZY! You soooo need to finish that! Hey, erm any way, did we only have chemistry homework for tomorrow? That's all I've done! Aargh! Only ten minutes of freedom before bed time! I'm gonna go ramsack some one's house!

 Oh, one last thing. Listen to Manu Chao rap - The Monkey.

 Yeay! Some one surfed it and it rolled over. (Don't ask, I'm in a poetry mood and if you've ever read my poetry then you'll understand that from this point on in the blog nothing will make sense) Wow, how do you do that? (Erm... deep breath?) Any way, sorry I was uploading and writing more. And yes, you should be afraid if you ever go to urlLink http://www.fanfiction.net and run at the sight of 'by stilldreaming', oh and don't take it personally if you're included. Mind you, if you're a WSL then I won't really care. (People who don't know WSL, just nod.) Hehe... MUHAHAHA! (Here, have some drugs) *grabs them* MINE! ALL MINE! HEY! You gave me minstrels! Give me the hard stuff! (Oh, ok then) Ahaha! CALPOL! YEAYYY! *oh btw, I don't actually do calpol or drugs unlike some people *stares at izzy* (Calpol girl!) Mmm I better go bug my parents, sorry kiddies. X X X (Geez you must really be loopy if you're leaving kisses) *they're bombs... shh*

 Whoops. I broke it. The blog's been take over by a tsunami of pink.

 Manu Chao - La Primavera! That's the song which Laura keeps singing all the time and wants to know the name of! Oops tea, actual blog later. I promise I will actually blog one of these days!

 Wow this is the funniest site in the world! It's got Mark Llama and Jarvis Cockrell and GERBILS ON HELIUM LAURA!

 It has Punk Kittens!

 Hey visit urlLink www.rathergood.com - it has really cool stuff and this game called Monkey Invaders where you have to shoot exploding crabs at these flying monkey-heads with snot-cannons! WOW!!

 Wow I got a really freaky Spanish Email! It was really important-looking... anyone (Katie) know how to say "Excuse me, but i think you got the wrong adress, mate" in spanish? "Perdonne *.............................*, amigo." ? Anyway...laura - BRING THE BOOK! I'm going mad! You two are talking about FY two and how great it is and you keep forgetting to bring it! Ahhhh! Must...not...die... My arm hurts too cos of swinging on ropes...yeah I'm an ape in disguise...

 Hey... well I'm gonna go wash my hair in a moment because *SOME PEOPLE* keep reminding me that I still have green hair spray in it. The also told me that mold isn't trendy nowerdays *:P* (Nowerdays? Is that right?) *don't ask me* Hey guys! Some one got on this by searching for toilet documentery! HAHAHA! Sheesh that's funny! Oh and er -sorry- if I offended any one. I'm gonna have a shower now and go and watch Star Wars afterwards so toodles! Every one! Go. Watch. Star. Wars!!! NOW!!! You can tell me how far it got and if you thought it was good! Or you could ignore me and continue on with your life. (I think that would be best.)

 Owchie! My arm hurts when I stretch it! It's because I was kind of throwing myself at a rope and clinging on to it... it's called PE. Yeah, but hell, it was fun. No pain no gain! Err... whatever that's supposed to mean. I did get a bit freaked out at one point, where I was swinging on the rope, with my feet resting on the knot and all of a sudden I had convinsed myslef that there was no way to get down apart from falling flat on my ass. Which, although highly amusing for *others* (IZZY) would have hurt a hell of a lot. Trust me, I know from ice-skating... not that I fell on my butt a lot... Ahh, that's the one time when I envied Laura and her big butt. (Why do my blogs always flot about in the sea of randomness?) Any way, onto less ...serious things? Yeah, guess so. In English - onto my dumb writing, I think every one's noticed how weirdly I write, some times serious and the next minute just plain loopy! Funnn! (Yes, fun has three n's!) I mean (Yes, funnn has three n's!) *hehe, fools*

 Well boo! I have had a fun two days. Yesterday ( that was Monday for those forgetful people out there) Laura H and I went into Bristol to go to the museum. It was sooooo boring. It rained all day so I didn't feel like shopping on Park Street :( and then we go and get lost on some hill in the pouring rain. FUN!! Then when we finally got to the city centre we had to stand in a shop doorway to eat our lunch, and then got the next bus home! Today on the otherhand was more exciting, I met up with Anna and we did what we do best; SHOP!! I got a LUSH bag its little and black with really cute stitching on it, I really am so happy I bought it. Well I hope that you have all had a really exciting year and heres to the next.*raises glass* to a fantastic new year; may it bring you happiness, health and a whole lotta luvin! *Puts glass down* Ok well thats my little thang over and done with. Will someone please phone me about going out, because if you dont I will cry because I will think that no one likes me. Also you could all probably come round to mine (HOPEFULLY) Toodles xx

 When the sky is pink, And cheese turns blue. Every one will dance, In this light happy mood. Rivers will turn to gold, Snow will fall in sheets. Only then and only now, We will find the happiness, We seek. Me See! Told you I'm this weird most of the time!

 Yeay! I'm err... very happy for you Izzy! Hey, so what's every one doing for New Year's Eve into New Year thingy. *Just try to understand me, I know it's harder than it looks* What crappy use of the English language, I'm ashamed *we all are* Any way, back the point that I actually had ! *had?* A very small one, trust me. Me and Izzy welcome the millennieumemememe *yaargh* I'll be back in a sec...Millennium with "Yaaargh nooo dududumdumdum." Cool huh. So, in 50 years when the worlds ended and we're all bits of floating anti-matter *does anti-matter float? does any one care?* I can say that I did that... yeah... Well I told you it was a small point! *why do I bother* Apparantly, according to Izzy I'm the 'random generator' so I guess I'm just living up to whatever it is I'm supposed to be living up to. *yes, i'm truely this weird most of the time*

 I'm baaaaaaaaaaaack! My computer is actually working! YAY!

 Gotta stop reading mess-with-your-head manga!

 When was the last time you laughed. When was the last time you wanted to?

 One day in a land far away, in a place called Etheopia. (Crap, gotta check spelling now.) Ethiopia even... the workers worked away for the evil Nestle. (Heheee) Suddenly they decided that they wanted fairness and decided to become communist, err I don't know the rest... erm... after a bit they stopped ...? Nestle was plotting though, and decided that as they had lost money the poor Ethiopians who were about to go into famin and had no money any way had to pay them a ridiculous amount of money just because evil Nestle thought they had lost money when the Ethiopians were communist. Suddenly every one realised that Nestle were infact big poos and should go down, and so they were boycotted across the land and every one lived happily ever after... *Oh and I got to rule the world, forgot to add that minor detail. :)

 Geez serious lack of blogs aye? Great huh, we get a holiday and don't blog. Nothing interesting to blog about I guess. (The point being...) Erm yeah... none really... Ehe... Every one have a good Christmas? I got every thing I wanted! Yeay! I hope you did. I went to see my relatives on Boxing Day and it reminded me that Christmas is also about being with people, spreading joy and all that stuff. I felt really content. I haven't felt like that for ages. Any way, my cousins were there and I haven't seen them for years! One of them works in Houston and has a girlfriend in New York he sees at the weekends! (Geez, that's like some one in England having a partnare *how the hell do you spell that?* in Moscow! partnaire? uhh companion? Yeah that's better. Never mind. I'm getting back to writing again! Yeay! I used to write a load of stuff when I was younger and I've kind of stopped, hey I got A* from my teacher for my GCSE story! (Hehe, guess that tenner worked... hehe) Mmm I'm boring. YEAY!

 Ok im scared my last blog came out twice. wot the heck! My side is really aching this morning for no apparent reason! Ace. Toodles xx

 Hello I am back online after a break 4 a couple of days. Laura H has left me on my own cos shes gone visiting relatives, so i am here on my todd! O well. i have had a good Christmas, ne1 fancy meeting up next week at all? Email me! Toodles xx

 Hey. Basically. Merry X Mas. Sorry, can't be bothered with long blog, spending time with family (like you should be doing!) Got great presents, couldn't of asked for any thing more. Bubi.

 So it's still me and a blank page. Wherever you people are; thanks for abandoning me like this. I thought Christmas was a time 4 family and umm what are they called oh yeah FRIENDS!! *cough cough* (sorry Kes 4 stealing it just felt it was appropraite) So I have been inside all day. My mum and sis have colds, I have nothing to do, and its only the first day of the holidays, o joyus rapture. Umm i think i may be ill, as the page seems to be moving and blurring a bit. I better have a lie down. Blow that its gone back to normal now. Ummmm i have rainbow coloured nails, it looks mighty fine if i do say so myself. Ok then i think i will be going now. I may not get back on the computer untill after christmas day so; Have a fantastic day and dont a) eat 2 much b) drink 2 much or c) get up after 7:30am!!! Toodles xx

 where are you all???? I need 2 b told sum xciting sites 2 visit. Nicole keeps on saying i shud visit neopets so i mite in a minute. toodles xx

 Ok well... we have not been writting alot on blogger this week have we?? I am really not tired STILL!!! Does anyone know if milkways can be made in Kingsize, or am i just being as dence as a dimond at the moment?? i keep thinking of you've got mail as i'm typing this because my keyboard makes exactly the same noise when I type as it did when they typed. Freaky eh? I feel like typing random stuff becasue i am really bored at the moment, no one is online I have no homework or any work in any shape way or form 2 do and the television thats on 2nite is pants!! Hey i'll keep smilling. So my new favourite phrase to ask is; whats your opinion of chocolate tea pots?? Its a very interesting question. I mean you mey neva own one but think of the amazment and ore it would bring to your life if you did. I think that our discussion of world issues last nite really helped us to understand each other better. I mean i never thought i would see Emma saying that we needed to be quieter!! I mean i thought Emma was the Queen of noise, o well. I actually learnt alot of stuff last nite that i sorta knew but it expanded my knowledge on it, if you get my drift. I think that i had better go now, as i have 2 email several people all about different things!! O well. Toodles xx

 A dream that can be easily realised is not a dream. Cool huh? Can't remeber what that's off, probably Martian Successor Nadiesco. urlLink http://www.sky.com/skynews/article/0,,30200-12203289,00.html "Yes, I've got monkeys in my pants." Don't ask, just click. Sorry about the randomness of this! I went to Izzy's sleepover yesterday, we went to sleep at 4 and woke up at 8! AARGH! We did solve world debt and famine though, ah heck I think I've forgotten it now! urlLink http://www.aardman.com/wallaceandgromit/cc-home.asp Stupid Quicktime! Yaarghsie!

 Life never stops. People never stop moving. This is the lesson we have to learn if we are to flow in the stream.

 Hey! Sam's was cool. Arghh I haven't been on this for sooo long! I've been way too busy organising tons of stuff. I've just about got everyone's pressies (be afraid katie). By the way, did i spell orgainising right, or is it with a z? Ah what the hey. It's my birthday on saturday! ("er...yay.") shuttup! ok im in graphics and its the end of the lesson so bubi!

 Hey I've gotta go too, brother's bugging me and I'm going to Samantha's house! (We all are!) We're gonna have Chinese! Yeay! (Yes, chinese men! We're actually canibles!)

 AHHHHHHHHH!! Laura H is scaring me!! Anyway, only a short Blog to let you know im still here. I have the Grandparents down stairs so i gotta run! Tooldes xx

 Hey! Home alone today! And there's this scary grey car parked outside... eeksies! So I'm upstairs with Iron Maiden on really loud! (that'll scare away the bad guys!) I watched the British Comedy Award thing yesterday, shock horror Look Around You wasn't on! Oops. Just realised, it's two o'clock and I haven't had dinner. Oopps! Better go eat some thing bubi.

 Hey! Dadorail (don't ask, just accept that their a person) *yeah right* No seriously! Any way the voices have stopped talking to me now. (Aww, poor you) has found some Look Around You sites so I'm gonna link them (mostly because I'm scared of people who get on this by looking for stuff like 'fame acade*y' (If I do that then the search won't work! muhaha!) Go me! urlLink http://www.warprecords.com/news/?offset=60&ti_id=248 urlLink http://offthetelly.users.btopenworld.com/reviews/2002/lookaroundyou.htm urlLink http://www.observer.co.uk/screen/story/0,6903,805343,00.html urlLink http://www.shinyshelf.co.uk/article.php?articleid=401&layout=3 Wow! Completely changing the subject, wow there's gonna be a new Star Trek film! It's called Nemesis! urlLink http://www.candystand.com Yeah! Hyper and bored! WOOHOO!

 Howdie kids! Yes, I'm back! In my own house! WOW! Well yeah... nooo the men in white coats didn't take me away. I ran away instead! So far away! Right to... Laura's house. *sigh* Oh well. I had to cause my brother had a massive party! I just got back (It's 3:30) and there were beer cans everywhere! *shock* And a half empty bottle of scottish whisky *so shoot me, I can't spell!* I went shopping after I went to Laura's. Oh, yeah we made Izzy a present! Let's just say that it would match the colour of this web page *hehe* Hey has any one else heard Queens of the Stone Age? I've got them going through my head! (Along with other things) I'm not alone any more! (Whatever that means) Ahh... I gotta go for birthday cake! I'll blog some sense later! Bisibi!

 Ha ha Izzy, I know what the heck they are on about because I have secerst informatives, mainly Kes!! We went and bought the Christmas tree after school. We dug one ourself which was very funny because we kept on going round in circles trying to decide which one to get. Dad was also very generous and last night he bought me a ruler because I think James Green took mine. :( I am really quite bored as noone is online, so to give me something to do lets go back in the archives to a year ago.............Ok mayby not as it does not work, if anyone can get it 2 work please give me a bell. I have just heard the rainbow song: Izzy we have 2 get a copy 4 u know what, and if you dont HELPPPPPPPP!!!!! I have also just been told off for banging the door. :( Toodles xx

 Wooooo I havent been on this for ages and guess what - I have short hair! Woohoo! Well i guess its not that short but its about half the length it was before. Wow. Some people were like - "Wow it's great" and others were like "Oh my god what have you DONE?" Well apparently Sami's been on this and just to see how carefully she's reading it - HI SAMI ... anyway... I have one last rehersal tomorrow before tuesday and I'm a bit scared, but not as much as Jen seeing as she busted her hand up yesterday and can't actually play! Oh dear. I'm also a bit scared seeing as Kes and Laurapoos have been talking about how they're going to make my birthday present tonight...I managed to catch something like "they've got to go in the thing..." or something like that but I'm a little confused. It's a bomb isn't it? Or a jackinabox or something where you open the lid and something leaps out and grabs you... or not.

 Wellll. I have an absolute stonking cold (wot kinda word is stonking i mean ughhhhh?) I have nearly used a whole box of tissues and i am wearing 3 wolly jumpers, so really i feel pants. I probably will go 2 school tomorrow, because i have nothing better to do!! Toodles xx

 Heeey just remembered! I looove Toadie's shirt on Neighbours! It says Psychiatric Ward on the back and #111-- (random numbers) on the front! Cool huh! I mean, I've got millions of real ones! We could start a new trend! Uh - go and buy some I mean... hehe...

 Geez! I haven't found any other sites that ever mention Look Around You! (Well that I can get on!) :(

 HEEEEEEEEY! I just had piano so I'm hyppppeeeer! (Don't ask me why!) Mmm... I'm HAPPY though! I was gonna have to walk home from piano, but then Judith *wtf?* gave me a life! (Err... what a bad typing error!) *LIFT. She gave me a LIFT home! (Ahh better!) So I'm happpyyy! And my piano teacher gave me a present and a card! And I didn't give her any thing! Beginning to feel a bit guilty now... hell yeah. I had some thing supremely funny to say... but... it's gone. Hell! (Hell?) Nm. Well today was freezing! Like minus freezing! But I'm okay now! I'm wearing about five layers!!! Mmm, Izzy you need to phone me about staying at your house, otherwise I might be stuck at my house when my brother's having his party! I'll be stuck in my room with drunk people downstairs! Ahh! I'll probably be afraid to use the loo! Oh that was it! My tv got stuck at 6.45, on the news so it's frozen with this freak guy on saying 'Live 6.45' at the bottom! Weird huh! Better go do... interesting things... that is once I find out what they are...

 urlLink http://www.robotduck.com Cool games. But eugh, the music's giving me a headache!

 urlLink http://clevermedia.com/arcade/pumpkin.html Oooh dats funny! urlLink http://holidayarcade.com/ That's for if you're feeling 'festive' but hell, festive nowerdays is getting a christmas tree and buggering going to church. Guess what! We might not have a christmas tree! And I was oh-so looking forwards to sweeping up the pine needles that come off it! (Scrooge!) Yup, sorry guys. I'm not a very special day person though, my birthday doesn't mean a lot to me, other peoples do though! (Aww, it is scrooge!) Yeah, sorry but I know that we should all be happy happy but we're not! That's just stereotypical, what society expects. God, I sound like a right git, don't I? Don't answer. I've got a mean headache brewing and I've got a feeling that the little green men are gonna be coming out. (If you don't know me then just say WTF and be content) Ahh... I'm better now, out of moody streak. Well, we can't be happy all the time now, can we? That would just be sickening and ...Clueless like *shivers* Euugh... now let us never speak of that name again. POST DAMN YOU! POST! Sorry... just this damn thing won't work, I'm typing this while it's loading! Oh well.. ladeedaaadedummm.

 Mmm... ok, bear *is that right?* with me, I'm listening to Iron Maiden! "Fear of the daaark!" Err yeah. But any way. Have you ever though (nope) how it's admazing *hehe* that you can see some one every day of you life, but say that you don't really care about them. Wow, I really don't make sense. But... you know. In school I see people every day, and will do for a few more years *groan*. But I never have them over, or get to known them better, but surely they must be really important in my life? Is it hard to keep people in your web of friends? And even harder to link up? I dunno, because there is no right answer, life is confusing. It's made to be like that, otherwise we would all become WSL's named Mandy *shivers*. No disrespect to Mandy's but... you must feel like Barbie's with that name! (Btw that was disrespectful) Umm... look! A three headed monkey! *hehe fools*

 Yep, new black. Megadeath. Wow, haven't they just gotta be fun loving hippies with a name like that?

 Mmm... sorry just kicking the archives, I think the little green men have visited again! (Damn them) Owchie, if my fingers freeze up more I won't be able to play piano and make beautiful music! (Beautfiil...? Eh. Beautiful? Ahh better... I mean err.... Beautiful music, as if) MR FOPPLE IZZY NOW! Random but me.

 And for all dense dense people (like me, I'm not sure than there are any others out there) I removed the link. Sorry Dado Rail, but hey you have to tell me some thing a million times to get through some times (too many times in there?) Yup! *dog mode* Ahh... so... bloody... COLD (Yes! I've suddenly discovered the bold tags!) urlLink http://uk.weather.yahoo.com/UKXX/UKXX0025/index_c.html Yeah... god! High's of 4oC! Wow... geez arrgh my legs are gonna drop off in a minute! Especially in PE... I mean god, they wouldn't put us outside would they...? Ah, but the only kick in life PE teachers get is watch us running around in the freezing cold! Maybe Ms Broom will carry out her cross country threat... YAAARFG!!!H!! (Erm... more like YAAARGH!) Whoops, sorry, sneezed. (Weird.) Hehe, school was funny. Izzy told us an embarrassing story, and as I ohso love sharing these *muahahaaa* I will! She was mucking round with her friend in orchestra (trust me, you don't want the teeny details) and suddenly (maybe you do, geez this is hard to follow) *suddenly?* they started talking about Monkey Island thingy, and they both do the 'point to a vacant spot and shout look it's a three headed monkey' thing *brain breath* like you do.... or I do.... and then this boy walked into Izzy's vacant spot and went 'EH?' (Or some thing like that) Maybe it was fait (crappy spelling) fate? Err... scratch that. Maybe it was fate, maybe it was destiny, or maybe it was Izzy's bad smell that drove him. (Aren't I just lovely?) Not really I spose. Wow, lets all go heavy metal with Opeth! (Freaky!)

 (Ok btw, for all you dense people *like me* the Little Mouse! thing on the last/next blog is actually a link, ok? Click Click!!) Yet again, no questions, no weird freak answers, no bad attempts at spelling = happy happy!

 *EDITED* Because err... I can...? Like wowww! I can actually DOWNLOAD Little Mouse! YEAY! Sorry... slightly hyper! Woohooo! I've found hyper music again yeay! But seriously *eh?* I was looking on KaZaA and no one's got it! Shock horror! Do these people not know good music when they err hear/see it? Well yeah so my choice of 'good' music might be out of societies standards but hell I'm weird! Mmm... any way I'm gonna go muck around with the parental advisory thingy. Have fun kiddies. Hey if you're bored and want to listen to scary 70's music, download 5th Dimension - Age of Aquarius and God don't ask why I have that!

 sooooooooo.... i got that petition thingy 2. its really ewwwwww. anyway on to happyer notes, my mum, nicole and i were messing about and they locked me out of the house in my slippers!! :( it was funny while it lasted!! Toodles xx

 Ammm I'ma bordaaa. Anything to dooo?

 HEY! I LIKE THE COLOUR OF THIS! Some one cast a vote saying 'Eww the colour, the colour!' I mean helloooo! I live in this colour! (It's gross) *sniff sniff* Well yeah, I guess it is really. I wanted to change it ages ago to some thing like orange but Izzy and Lynne wouldn't let me!!! ...At least I'm not blaming Laura! urlLink http://www.bbc.co.uk/comedy/lookaroundyou/message.shtml Aww... isn't that nice. And hey, just to erm say that I don't infact live on that website, that would be Izzy... I live here of course! (WTF was the point?) Ahh, the point. I seem to have lost it nowerdays. Remember. Things are better further away. (Umm... I should take less sugar.) Ahh... I'm happy now, I've done all my chrimbo shopping, apart from Laura's but hell I can just represent her right *gulp* Hehe... not that I was gonna do that Laura, was I hehe... AARGGHHH! (Fool)

 urlLink http://www.theonion.com/ Ahh got to get away from these freak sites! Ok, ok, so this is a pink freak site too but ahhh!

 urlLink http://www.snopes2.com/inboxer/outrage/bonsai.htm Ok, ok, so it's a joke. We all knew that... didn't we? Hehe... I hope so! I mean sticking a kitten in a jar is gonna kill it right? Ha, but I got a chain letter going against it! Ohh I had a good laugh at that. Isn't every one just sooo envious of my junk mailing guys? Don't worry, I'm sure they'll get your e-mail soon enough.

 urlLink http://www.bonsaikitten.com/bkguestbook.html Is this a joke? Check the guest book to make up your mind.

 Mmm... Lynne have you been taking drugs again? I have - paracetamol! *shock!* Mmm. That was because me and my mum went all out chrimbo shopping today! Yeaysie! I got MANGA! Yeay! Oops... I got MANGA! (Now what's the tag for bright flashing lights surrounding it again?) Ah well. And some cool tops! Yeay! So, overall I'm a very happy floppy bunny! Ahhha but a funny thing happed! (sigh) We were being all good and hoho like so we decided to buy some presents for this kid (you get given a tag) where they couldn't usually have presents or something... (Hey, do I usually make sense) But we bought two foreign swear words books and we accidently gave them in with the books for the boy! Geez! My mum bets that some one's gonna write into the independent and blabber on! But if any one asks, it wasn't us! Yes... err... my name is Isobel Tarr. Please complain to Isobel Tarr. (Muhahahaaa!)

 Hello!! I hope that when you all get your ecards you like them. espesially Lauras, cos it took me a bloomin age to find one for her/you. Im in a funny mood. one minute i feel ill and the next i dont. its rather quite poo!! I'm not actually sure what im writing, so if comes out as a pile of poo, im very sorry. Laura am i sharing a Pizza with you @ Bottilinos still, or have u dumped me 4 Izzy? I hope u have not. I seem to have written the word poo alot in this blog, mayby i should go and see someone about it. Anyhow, i had better go and have some lunch now other wise dad will get angry with me, because i have been on the net all morning! I am still very upset because my Marmite Zippy still has not arrived. :( Toodles xx

 Mmm! So yeay! It's the i'm-ill-and-bored crew! Yeay! Well yeaah.... My eyes are gonna slam shut any moment now so I better actually blog about some thing... But I have nothing to blog about! Aargh, a week off school can really make you bored, but on the pro side, I do have a tv schedule worked out for if I'm ill again! (Yeay!) Arrrgh damn eyes. And they really haven't been open for that long any way, I'm getting a pretty much 12 hour sleeping thing nower days. Geez I feel awful. I might pass out any minute now! Yeay! Actually, waaay too weak *week weak? AARGH!!!* causse I felt too sick for tea. Awsie, poor me! I'm also going crazy, I can probably mentally play my piano piece perfectly by now! (Don't ask) I'm gonna go watch tv, bubi.

 soooooo i have nothing to declare! Toodles xx

 Wow Izzy. You totally sound like a alcoholic drug user from your last blog! (No questions, please.) Ohh, sorry but it looks like I'm not gonna be in school tomorrow and I won't be able to go to the fayre! Awwsie!

 Awww poor Katie-woos. Well you haven't missed much readlly. Me and Laura going to the loos...erm... me and dan hitting eachother...me and lynne planning a shot night...that's about it really. Oh god, stupid off-pissing physics teacher... he's such a prrrratt!!! Me and emma and rachel were sat in physics glaring at him because he's such a rubbish teacher and is sooo totally full of himself - ARGHH! It's just like - "Shut up you sad sad sad prat!! You don't know anything!" Boooo evil guy. So anyway - Victorian fair - I hope u r ok for it! - We should all meet up or something. Cool.

 Mmm... well I still feel like shit! Yup, been off school for three days now, and I'm not coming in tomorrow either! I almost fainted today. Not fun. But I refused to! (I didn't think that you could do that) Well hell, I can. I'm going crazy though, bored out of my mind! I'm reading the whole fushigi yuugi thing again! Geez, I even finished Maya for gods sake! Help meeee! Aahhh what the heck, I'll be back soon enough (god now I know I'm really ill, I want to go back to school) I might not be able to go to the Victorian Fayre though (snooy) but even if I do, I can't stay for long otherwise I'll cough all over you and then everyone will have the week over! No matter how fun that could be... *imagines one-ringing izzy all day long* Muhaha.

 Woohoo! The archives have disappeared again! Yeay!

 urlLink http://ph8.blogspot.com/2002_12_01_ph8_archive.html#90003527 Heeeey. Guess what? (They've finally found out that your brain has haemorraged *whatever* and that's the cause of your profound *whatever x2* dumbness?) Err no... I'm ill! Like blueeergh ill. Not sicky ill. My head just feels like it's got a ten ton weight attached to it. So I didn't go to school, instead I got a healthy six hours extra in bed! It seems to have gone to my brain though because at the moment I'm finding it hard to type and talk without coughing up ...stuff. (Don't ask) Mmm... *cough cough splurrgh* Err yeah. Well owchie, my throat does kill a lot! Do you ever think that maybe you're ill because some one else is ill? Maybe you're helping some one some where. (Maybe you need a psychiatrist) Well yeah, then there's that. Maybe no one is the missing part of the jick err... wait a sec... puzzle. (I was about to say jick saw) Geez, I really am ill! (Straight to the brain) Yup! Oooh, I watched the Twilight Zone! A whole two episodes! It's soooo funny! Well... in a weird kind of way. I find any thing funny so erm... yeah...

 ummmmm i luv sum people!! i have been having lessons in how 2 get guys by one pf the girls in my class. it was well funny! Toodles xx

 umm you have lost me, totaly and utaly! O well i'll survive!!! So, im gettin well into the festive moad! I think that we should have a girlie night out in Bristol and go 2 the Panto. The all go and crash at some poor girlies house!!! Anyone up 4 it?? Another general question, who the heck is doing the race 4 life? 'Cos after christmas we should send off 2 do it!! ummm thats all my gneral notices, cor i sound like im taking a meeting!! :) Rite thats the end of the meeting! Toodles xx

 One slip and it's gone, Falling to the floor. You have little control, On that little thing. It haunts your dreams, Stops and makes you think, What a crazy life this is. This thing called reality, How much crazier can it be?

 Aaargh! I wrote a blog, but deleted it by accident. Hey, it's late ok?! Well I'll try to remember it tomorrow! Toodles peeps.

 I have been thinking. shock shock horror horror I know but anyway. With Laura going out with Ben it started the whole of something new into our lives, something that many of us had never experienced before. Or we may have done but not on a serious level. What I am talking about is the male species. When Laura first started dating Ben she changed. Some may say that this change was for the better, and others for the worst. We make jokes about it, being a spinster etc. but deep down inside we knew that she had something that we didn't, and we were jealous, even if we didn't think we were. When Laura dumped Ben we saw another change, she had experienced life with guys, and this time being single didn't mean just making a joke out of it, she wanted to "play the field". She had got what she had wanted, but now she wanted more. This may sound like I am being a bit of a switch but I will carry on. When there were rumers about Dan liking Izzy she used to get cross with people if they asked her what was going on with her and him. An example of this is when at her party I sed that she would probably hit me if i asked but i was going to ask anyway. She then hit me and sed that there was nothing going on, and there never would be. HOW WRONG WAS SHE!!?? She is now activley dating someone. She has now experienced life with guys aswell, and once her and Dan are finished she will want some more too! Basically the point I am trying to make is, we are changing, it may be for better or worse, but we have to make use of what we have and not joke about it. Deep down inside I know I'm jealous, are you?? xx

 I'm not saying that every one's bad, I don't believe in being born bad. I think people make a conscious decision about it. You can bully, or be bullied I guess. It's too easy to stay as you are, if you're horrible then every one will expect you to be horrible, it's quite hard to break that loop. Some people can't be bothered to put the energy in to change. I'm a optomist about that. I think that people can change. What if people can't thought? What is Rosie's destined to be a horrible deceitful bitch for the rest of the life? How will we cope! But seriously... hmm... Ahh I better go do homework, go my children of the night and think about changing, and if you should.

 You have started me crying again. Someone does care, ok somepeople care. Me 4 1 Laura B 4 another, Emily, Anna, Alice, Mike need i go on. You dont need lots of bad friends, but a few close and good ones. Need I say more? xx

 Let me tell you the story of Dave. He has a attention disorder, which means that he can change moods really quickly and is usually over-reactive. Well, for some reason all the bastards in our year seem to enjoy making his life like hell. Still following? Good. Instead of leaving him alone, because he is easily provoked, they decide to pick on him. Just because he is different they decide to class him as an outsider. Maybe they think it is uncool to like him. I think it is uncool to like them. Who gives a damn about social relations any way? If your friends tell you not to become friends with some one, then are they friends or manipulators? Every one decided to pick on him, not just pick on him but bully him. So he started crying. Dave isn't usualy a person to cry, but he was depressed that day. Where is the good samaritan when you need him? If you actually see some one hurting, don't you stop? No, when you're so intent on hurting some one for no purpose you don't, you are blinded by your peers. So they didn't. Now Dave cuts himself, and wants to die. And all because no one could be bothered to care. Stories don't always have happy endings.

 Where are you all????????? Toodles xx

 Hummmm. I think that people try to be like others to much; in fame that is! I think that today the guys with Dave were well tight. Toodles xx

 LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL Go visit Laura H's profile on MSN its funny. I have a really bad stomach ache! I knew that they ahd signed you up for them! HA HA. Can I sign U up 4 anything? it wont work of you try it with Laura's because she no longer has a working email addy. :( Toodles xx

 AHAHA!!! I'm just gonna go find some *rock* newsletters, enjoy LAURA! *see down if you don't get it* (Look up, if you don't get that and see the non-existant saneness of the title)

 *CHIPPED. And err sorry... my computer mucked up and some letter disappeared... although they didn't on blogger! *good old faithful blogger* Ehe... bet I just cursed me for years!

 Hey thanks Laura! She and Emma signed me up for a Buddhist newsletter TWISE in RE!!! I am soooo gonna kill you! MUUU??? U!!!! Where's my uuuuU! Capital U (u) doesn't work. Oh crap, there goes every thing! BLOOODY COMPUTER!!! AAARGH! Wait a minute, I@M GONNA KICK SOME CHUPPED ASS!

 urlLink urlLink Take the Dessert Quiz VERY NORMAL???? WHO DO THEY THINK I AM!!!

 Well. This is fun. I'm sat in IT. Mr Crew likes the webpage Kes. Dont worry he did'nt see any of the writting! ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! any way I had better go, and let Sarah do something now. Toodles xx

 urlLink urlLink Take the Dessert Quiz

 urlLink urlLink Take the Dessert Quiz WOW I hope that u had a fun day at home Kes. And didnt get 2 bored Toodles xx

 Communism. Imagine that we found a leader that could not be corrupted, and your country became communist. Would you agree to this? It would mean that every one had the same amount of things, the same chances and shared every thing. Do you want this? Instead would you have every thing for yourself and nothing for no one else? I think I would prefere every one to have the same chances in life, with the same amount of money than me being greedy and having it all. If we spread out the world's food supply, then there would be more than enough. Instead we consume more than neaded, and throw away food that could feed starving children. Is this right?

 urlLink

 urlLink Awwwww! urlLink Find out what anime character cliche you are. urlLink Geez... from schizo to sweet girl? (Little do they know that I'm a MAN uhauhahhaha!) Er... not actually I'm a girl, a pretty weird one but still!

 urlLink Which Personality Disorder Do You Have? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Noooo! The truth is out! Gotta get away... yes, hide some where... muhahaha! Any way... *OWCHIE* Damn knee! Any one wanna swap? No seriously, I'm not mad *dum dee dum*

 Heeeey! (This is if the peeps at school see this!) SUCKERS! MUhahahaha! *owchie* Okay, so maybe I'd rather be at school than have my stuppppid *think of a different word that I could have put there* (I make no sense!) kneeee hurting! :( Last night my bloody *okay, so damn with not swearing* knee killed! It's like some one hammering at the inside of you knee with a toothpick, and having a lot of fun! (Or some thing unremarkably like that!) Ohhh, every one stare in awe at the Tag-Board I put in! Aren't I clever? *forces you to nod* OWCHIEEEEE! Sorry... slight twinge! Err Rhapsody...? Okay, so scary music! urlLink http://uk.news.yahoo.com/030120/4/dl498.html Read that. Apparantly the gender pay gap is increasing because all the men are more likely to have management jobs. We'll have to change that then won't we. Give way for the next generation of feminist workers! *us dumbo!*

 Life The red flame of life, Lit up the wall. It traveled along the maze of existance, And engulfed it all. Katie Sims urlLink http://www.fanfiction.net/profile.php?userid=208461 Yeay, you can read my crap poems there! Remember to leave a mark a review!

 WOW!! That is such a good poem. where can I read all of your poems stories etc, because they are so good?! So I went to netball trials today and i am a reserve. i am in shock becasue i cant play netball to save my life! Well I probably could if i had to, but thats irelevent. Did u have fun doing your clinque thingy magig? Toodles xx

 Casualties of War We started a war to save you all, But ended up killing you instead. There's not much we can do now, Now that you're all dead. Let the days pass, Let the families grieve. The death brings us all to our knees. We're truly sorry that this happened, That you won't live to fight another day. But you are the innocent casualties of war, And that's all we have to say. Maybe you'll be reincarnated, And another war will begin, And all you can do is stand there, And wait for the end of your life. Katie Sims This is my Anti-War poem. To the guy that reviewed this saying: "Rather broken rythm adds a feeling of dread to a pretty good piece, one complaint...its truly, not truely. Other than that, I liked it" It is true. Open your eyes and for god sake learn how to spell! It is sooo truly truly! Isn't it guys? I thought it was! *sniff sniff* Okay, I'll cut the crap and go write some more! Woohoo! Haha, but I won't be the one forced to read them! Muhahaaa! Geez, I kind of get the feeling that these blogs are getting more and more pointless, oh well!

 urlLink http://www.babymilkaction.org/pages/takeact.html Yeay! I've pledged to boycott Nestle, and to not buy any of their products! Woohoo!

 Yeay! I had fun today! I went to the anti-war vigil! Yeay! Err... I also got a Clinique make-over! And boy do I look scary! Hehe... well actually... nope, I look scary. And ahh... I have Clinique stuff! Now, that is scary! Any way, back to the anti-war on Iraq thingie! I'm going to London to protest! Cool huh? You can get a ticket for 5! Any one wanna come?

 Its BINGLE by the way Toodles xx

 AAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Laura H came 9th. She at this very moment is sat on a coach beside what i am guessing is a very fit guy. Or as Laura B would say a yummy guy! :S so I am a bit annoyed and jealus naturaly, and all my mum could say was, cor I bet u wish u were there. OF COURSE I DO!!!!!!!! Who wouldnt apart from 1 person I know????? I hope that you all enjoyed last night. Toodles xx

 So any way, how is every one? I'm super happy hyper, or was, cause we went to Lynne's house and played biggle or whatever it was called (The new and improved version of Bingo! Joy!) And the prize was tic-tacks! And I can't really be bothered! Sorry, but some times being hyper happy is too much effort! Damn I hate that. Ahh, but real big question: Does it take more energy to be happy or sad? It takes quite a lot to mope because you've got to concentrate on being miseable! Fun! Yeah yeah I'm going with my stupid ramblings! Oh and WOW Tag-Board! USE IT! Ehe... did I say that out load again? Damn! Here Laura Laura, come and trample the nice people. (don't ask)

 Mmm.... cheese jackets. *never mind* Ahh, I feel erm... sleepy?

 *tap tap...* Dum de dum... urlLink http://www.trevorvanmeter.com/flyguy/ Go there. Tis fun.

 YEAY! Wow... this doesn't work again . I really should learn HTML one day so I actually know what I'm doing wrong, instead of just doing it wrong... Hmm... actual blog later when I've worked this out! (A lot later then!)

 Hmm... I'm better now... I think!

 *AHEM* CRAPPY TAG-BOARD! It was at the side... then it went to the bottom *sob sob* Oh, I'm in school. CRAPPY SCHOOL!

 Yeay! It works! You can bug me annonymously online! Uhh... horrar... not really! Well have fun I have homework to do! *shocking really!*

 Trying to add a tag-board! Sorry if it all goes right left centre!

 Dreaming The lapping of the sea, Against the golden bay. The swirling of the colours, From dark to light to grey. The calming of your senses, Into a relaxed state. Daydreams of far away places, That make you stir and wake. The sand in your hair, The wind in your face. This is where I really live, In my protective case. Completely left alone, To do what I wish. Who knows what I could achieve, Living in this state of bliss. Kes WOW! It kind of works! Has any one else noticed that black to white has to go through grey? Ahh, clever thought provoking point aye? (Err... no)

 urlLink http://www.nekorevolution.net/index.html Wow... what a cool website *tries to imagine drawing manga like that* geez that's hard!

 urlLink What Was Your PastLife? Coool!

 urlLink Who are you? GRRR! MY TOP WAS BRIGHT PINK IN THE FIRST PLACE!

 RANDOM DAY! The young become the old, The old look on in horror, They become the young, Doomed to live like that forever. I'm holding onto my childhood, Grasping it with my teeth, Will it always be here by me, Never out of reach. MEEEE! Well yeah, I know it's crap and the wording could be better but wow! It's so... so... crap!

 So hey, turns out life isn't as impossible as we think it is! Or maybe it is... Hmm. Slightly possible? Well yeah, depends where you are and what you're doing. People forget to make the most of what we have. Ahh... hey people, if you wanna listen to some thing listen to Goo Goo Dolls they're good and relaxing. Everything I listen to has to be relaxing! Hehe... especially Manu Chao! No one knows them in my class! And they're the biggest European band! Yeaay for Manu Chao! Boo to English 'pop music' *shiver*. Does any one actually like that crap any more...? I better go guys, actually blog when I have some thing to blog about!

 Ah the Dan thing. Turns out he was going out with some one when he was gonna ask Izzy out and he liked Izzy when he was going out with Debbie. *As my mum would put it, relationships are the hardest things.* Or are they? I guess they are? Dan's just too... flirty? I seriously think he might be gay when he's older! *According to other sources as well* Mmm... tea... sauces. You think you can have it all, You would take it any way. But you can't have me, You never will. THIRD EYE BLIND! Ahhhh! Sorry, hyper phase! HeheheehoooHOOO! Nevermind... any way seeing as I'm hyper I can type quickly! Yeay! Dan's such a player though, but he doesn't like me and Laura one bit! He totally doesn't talk to us! But hey, we're spinsters! (Proven fact ya know) Ahh yes FF10... I seriously should actually play that. I kind of got to the end without getting to extra Aeons, and I missed out all the cool chocobo stuff! *sniff sniff* Life's harsh when you're a kid. Dreaming's my escape. Sorry about the randomness *again* just trying to bring a bit of confusion into your already confused lifes. I think when you saw the 'just to keep me sane' you already switched off. Oh geez, now William Tell? What is up with our playlist! Sorry, my *brothers* play list! We've got Barry White, Motzart, Manu Chao and Opeth! How ...random! Maybe I should change my name on this to 'random'. Oh Lynne, some one got on this by searching for you're name! BE AFRAID, BE VERY AFRAID! (I am!) I'll just go back to hiding in the hole! I might not be on again tonight cause my brother wants a loooong go but otherwise see youuusie latersie.

 Ahhh hehe, funny thing happened! This girl in our school Lynne heard in the loo *just nod* talking to her friends about how she had a square butt! *okay, they weren't in the loo, lynne was they were outside doing... whatever they do i dunno! brushing their hair?!* Phew, dug myself out of that one! Kind of... Then in Tech when she walked away all her 'friends' were saying "No don't worry, it looks rectangular to me!" Geez that's sad, who cares! Why do people have to be so preened up that they care about their butt? Isn't their more to life than looking like a Barbie doll? (Apart from acting like one? :P) Mind you, this girl is a bitch. Why is it that some girls I know *so people won't be offended* get a tiny inkling that they look 'nice', so they go and tart themselves up and start being bitchy? What is this, some kind of fashion? POWER TO INDIVIDUALS!!!! Yeayyyy! I seriously think I would be murdered alive in a American high school!

 I'm BAACK! *run for the hills!* Tea's later so :P be prepared for short snappy blogs, so refresh!

 AHHH! We have that song 'Let's get it on'. I repeat. AHHHH! SKIP SKIP!!!! AHHH!!! (Uhh yeah... stop skipping.) Whoopsie. Actually YES I will go to tea and I WILL tell you later. I'm just afraid of change.

 Oh yeah, the AND (Dan) thing. I'll tell you after tea! *mmm food droolz* Ahh gotta gooo!

 Ahh yet another day of clearing out my blasted so called 'e-mail account'. And woohoo, it's all junk mail. Actually... some of it might not have been but I deleted it any way, sorry guys! If any one actually sends me some thing, and I don't know and the subjects weird I usually delete it. Put some thing like 'hey don't delete this it's interesting' and I might actually read it. I got a weird one about a screen saver but hell, my computer's all virused up already and has no more room for more. Ahh gotta go watch Lord of the Rings. Sorry for the ...weirdness but remember, we only live once.

 LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL! Izzy cant go out with AND he is dating sumone else!!:O so thats that. Apparently Tom Stack fancies Emily. Umm I'm not convinced. O well I have to go and find out when I can go and watch some Athletics now. Toodles xx

 People don't get forced to grow up, they want to grow up quickly. Drinking and smoking is a way of seeming older, more confident and responsible. No one can make you grow up quickly you choose to. We are expected to act our age, but how should our age act? No one answer that. As for me, I'm trying to get younger and more free, away from the knowledge that age brings with it.

 Ok is AND that short litytle kid that i was laughing at? If it is or was (im confused) then I know who the heck he is. If not I have no idea who u r on about! Kes I am v. insulted that u 1/2 destroyed my blog:( O well forgive and forget is the best thing to live by. Laura I have to totally agree with you. i am gonna get all deep now and probably regret it but who gives a monkeys? I think that the reason that people take drugs drink alchol etc etc is because through that they feel young again and they feel like they dont have a care in the world; they dont think about how that if they were not in the state that the were that if they jumped from the top of the stairs they would kill themselves. I dont think that, that made any sence. Basically the point I am trying to get at is that people now adays just grow up to darn quickly. They start to think about to complex things at an early age. I feel that schools are partly to blame for this because they expect little kids to know to much. I have two things to prove this. My first day at Nailsea school, so I was just 11 years old. Mrs Smith tells Leigh of for being to childish. For goodness sake, thats because at the age of 11 you are still a child! Or to me you are anyway. The other thing was one of my first h/w's at Nailsea school was what is the meaning of life? How was i ment to know that? I was 11 for flips sake. sorry if it seems that i have been ranting on for no reason what so ever, but i feel very strongly about things like that! New thing I wonder how sponge Bob square bum is? Toodles xx

 Uhuh... so kiddies been ok with out me? Sorry, I was out trying to find a life, but they're too hard to keep so I let it go! Hehe, not really! Helooo this is me, that anti-social girl of the year talking! Ok, ok, so I was watching tv ok? Nah, I had the two smells over and we watched Monty Python and the Holy Grail again ! I'm still trying to get Izzy to watch 10th Kingdom! (It's sooo good!) And really funny. Ok, so I messed up the whole brackets thing but toody doo! Ahh... we were all talking about some one who we'll call... AND who likes Izzy! (If you know our friends you'll know who it is... or you won't and still be clueless, ah heck) *maybe it's an invisable guy Izzy made up!* Probably. Eeek, musn't say too many of my thoughts! Ahh yeah, then you'll find out that I'm actually mad, and I'd rather that you were stuck with the assumption that I was mad. (EH?) Eeek, shh mind! BACK to the point. Geez, really need to keep a close check on my mind! Any way, Izzy doesn't know what to say if AND asked her out, hell my life's just one big teen movie, or one crappy Peach Girl book... Stick with the movie... Ahh, it's late and I have to get up early to go into Brittol, buisisi!

 yes getting covered in sellotape was the highlight of my day. dont you miss the days when things were simple, like when you were little and you just didnt think about stuff. like, you did'nt think about that jumping from the top of the stairs to the bottom could potentially kill you. and when opal fruits were opal fruits instead of "starburst" i mean come on if you're gonna re-name possibly one of the best sweets ever made then you could at least do it well. word of the day: snurdge (minor insult of the 60's-70's)

 Well I'm here again there are no people to talk to and im bored! Oww my tummy has started to hurt again :( O well. I have wrapped up Anna's pressie with lots of love and care, and managed to get covered in sellotape in the process. But not as covered in it as Laura did at lunch now that was funny! Toodles xx New thing 4 the day; top banana!

 well i have been PONDERING (1) on whether or not to go to school tomorrow. After much PONDERING (2) I have decided to go to school! I am now feeling much better now! I dont know what was wrong apart from the fact that i nearly fainted and thought that i was going to be constantly sick! anyway enough iccy stuff. Incase you were wondering or PONDERING ((3) Pondering is now my word!) what happens in the next series of friends, or what happens to them in thw future in general, go visit this site. It will shock you. Especially all the bits about Joey! http://www.freeserve.com/ *MUHAHA KES HAS STRUCK AGAIN! Err... not really, sorry just cut the link cause it was too big, (and laura's ass was in the way!) Just go to freeserve.com and search for Friends you lazy people!* Ok thats long. Toodles xx

 use it three times and it's yours

 heylo. wow i.havent.blogged.in.ages. hmm. anyway...hey i know earth,wind and fire. they're an old bandy group type thing. i asked my dad and he likes them.scary. hey so how are you lynny? feelin better? i hope dat you havent got a migraine cos it sounded like you might have done from the what you were saying about how you were feelin. hmmm.that.doesnt.make.much.sense. wow...weird. my head hurts. i think about stuff too much. word of the day: ponder

 well it has finally happened, yes i have bought a chcolate teapot. Ok well maby not but its SNOWING! I reapeat SNOWING!!!!!!!! so there you have it! Toodles xx

 Heeey! Aaargh! I've taken some more ibruprofen! I'm getting sooo sick of taking drugs! Oh... it's for my knee, it kills! Literally, these little goblins are hitting my knee with pick-akes :P Ohh, we just got a wide screen tv along with a home entertainment centre! Geez aye? (Er?) Just geez. ERM MY err brother just downloaded Reinhard Feindrich! GEEZ! It's err German and... scary! (My brother also downloaded Earth, Wind and Fire *a band*) Weird stuff on my playlist!

 LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL! Thank u Kes 4 lightining the mood slightly. I have not laughed like that for a while. Anyway my feet still hurt and there aint nothing i can do about it!:( I have to try and find a flight 4 dad now so i must dash. Toodles xx

 MMMM TOOOTHPASTE!!! WOW!! So Izzy do you have to ahve vegeterian tooth paste? WHat about vegan TOOTLEpastle? OK, so Weird but Yeay! Mm... I used to eat toothpaste and now I have white marks on my teeth!!! WHY do I always talk about the past? In the FUTURE they're gonna make glow in the dark toothpast so we can all freak out Izzy! MUHAHA!

 Do you ever wonder if things are really as complexed as you think or if you're just making them that way? Hmm. Less serious, come on me! Sorry. *sorry, i'm having a conversation with myself* (...) What about: Person one - Wanna go back to mine Person two - I don't think two people can fit in your spaceship! Just so I'm not sexist, homaphobic or whatever AARGH! I really should stop digging myself into holes! This planet has got enough already!

 AHHH! Finaaallly! Yeesh, sorry just that yesterday I couldn't post because my brother oh so helpfully unplugged the keyboard! I tried to be smart and plug it back in but I was afraid my computer would go 'kablamo!' Yeah, so ahhh I'm ok I guess. I've been thinking too much again. Kind of hard though cause it's soooo COLD! Geez, winds of -9 oC? What's with that! Aaargh, I'm all soopy again *sad even*. The reason why I look so angry all the time is that I have no reason to be nice. Weird huh? When I was younger, people that I didn't know were horrible to me, so if I'm angry around them and they don't want to approach me then they have no reason to pick on me. I'd rather be a small insignificant blotch then a big spill.

 Hey I have a new pick up thing - Man: Wanna go back to mine? Woman: I would but i dont think two people can fit under a rock.

 Heyloo! My computer is broken AGAIN! Woohoo! And I'm in an IT lesson (woo-diddlie-hho) Well Christmas was cool, and uh...new year's eve was...kind of funny! Well I'll just gloss over that one... OOh look- an ice cream van! (heh..) I actually saw an ice cream van the other day which was pretty amazing. I watched Lord of the Rings The Two Towers the otyher day, it soooo good. Anyway kes has just told me to look at something cool so -by bye

 Well we are all happy are we not; the meaning or point of life is not known its a retorical question; never to be answered (unless u r v. clever or v. wierd!) Anyway I am not very happy 'cos I have to go back to school, and to be honest i really cant b bothered. I am sooo tired! Toodles xx

 We all die in the end. It is enevitable. So what is the point in life?

 I see what you are saying so much. BUT I am begining to feel that this site is just becomming a really deep and well to put it bluntly, a very confusing place to be. I dotn enjoy writing on it as much as I used to so I please can we at least have some light hearted moments; for me? Toodles xx

 News is depressing because all the unhappy things in the world shadow the happy things. September 11th was supposed to be the International Day of Peace, but look at what it has become. If we become too wrapped up in happy things then we forget about all the people that don't feel this. I watch the news every night so I can feel in touch with the world Life is too confusing.

