 Comments? Really? TOO BAD! Dude, I cannot figure out how to put up the little comments button at all and it's really annoying me. I want to have the comments thing so I can get some feedback. BUT SETH WON'T EMAIL ME BACK!!

 Yes so I have changed my blog name to Blogger Nation. And I do realize that it was once my blog name. But after reading the adventures of Ben Worley and his blog, I realized: we are a blogger nation. Also, as Whitney Huff pointed out the other day when I told her to visit my blog, she said, "Seems like everyone has a blog now-a-days." I don't think she said now-a-days... But something like that. Look for more insightful blogs in the near future. And tell me if the little icons are moving, and if they are, tell me if they are annoying. Clint

 Exhaust Pipe You know those days where you feel like taking a nap and not doing anything for the rest of the day, but you can't because you have other priorities. That's me right about now. I have some homework to do, but my brain has been completely fried from the exhaustion that is high school. I want to do it, but I can never remember what that one subject is that I know I have homework, but I just can't remember. Man that's frustrating... Luckily it's not a Wednesday, I usually get really stressed then because I have to do everything before church, and they start so freakin' early now-a-days. I'm going to leave now, hopefully I'll search my backpack and realize that I don't have that much Homework, and then I can sit down, clear my brain and do my bible study... And then turn right around and watch Friends, Will and Grace, and E.R. Yep, I'm a sinner. Clinton

 Ah... Love. So the girl I thought was the one for me, and I would spend the rest of my life with... Isn't. I was going to ask her to the homecoming stuff on Friday, I was walking towards her and I found her new "interest" she was hanging all over him. I immediately kept walking, then when I arrived home later that day I realized I was sick of this. I had been waiting for two years, and I had been heartbroken everytime she got a new boyfriend. And I hated going through all this crap. And I know you're gonna say well if it was true love you would have waited. Well, I thought that also, so I went to the dance after the game that night and I realized, I didn't need her. I was always comparing other girls to her. I didn't need to do that anymore. I didn't need her. It felt great to finally get that weight off my shoulders and not be afraid to talk to another girl now. Wow, He works in mysterious ways... Actually more weird than mysterious. Clint

 The Pirates Life for Me The other day I was looking for the jolly roger symbol so I could put it on me blog, and I stubbled across this website that is one big competition. There are different teams that you can join and you make your own webpage, it's really cool because it has a pirate theme to it! And as most of you know, if I was born in earlier centuries I'd be a pirate, cause I love pirates. It's veird I know. Anyways, I requested to be on one of the teams and now I'm waiting for a reply, so hopefully I will have a website with pirate stuff, I'll have a link on this webpage for it. ARGH!

 Email me if there aren't any icons moving around right now on the webpage, cause there's supposed to be like 4. Clint

 Gods and Yawns I went to get my haircut today, and before we went home I asked me papa if we could rent a movie. I ended up getting Gods and Generals cause I was waiting for it to come out. I started it pretty much right when I got home, cause I thought you know 4 hours long. SOOOOO glad I didn't go to the theatre. Oh my gosh boring. I've only watched an hour of it and there has been one battle and it made absolutely no sense, they talk to fast and they never explain enough about who is who. So I'm not even going to finish it. Hope somebody gets this today, cause I wanna do something tonight. Clint

 Fun Night So we lost our own homecoming game, but.... Well there is no but to that, we lost our homecoming game. Next year we will have people actually coming home now. I got home after the game and thought you know what screw it, so I got dressed and went to the dance. And if you have ever wondered where all the hormones and erections go at our school, it is there. There were teachers there and they were keeping an eye out, but they didn't do anything of course. And good Lord, I haven't seen that kinda of stuff... pretty much ever, yeah I never went to the woodland dances so I had no clue about what goes on. HOLY CRAP it was actually disturbing. Oh well, I'll most likely go to the next one anyways. Clint P.S. No I did not dance.

 Yeah, so I'm not in the best of moods, so I'm gonna go before I start shouting obsenities. See yeah later. Clint

 I most likely won't blog again today, maybe not even tomorrow, cause I have a film club movie thing after school and then I have to go buy some stuff, do homework and go to church. wow that was one sentence. tomorrow i'm working with my dad to make some moolah. then friends is on.... gotta go bye Clint

 If you haven't read Timeline now is the time to do so. You might be cutting it close to the movie, but I have faith that you will finish it! Go READ, it's awesome. Darrel did you finish Enter the Matrix yet? Clint

 "I mean honestly who throws a shoe?" Yeah so it looks as if when Kyle and I eventually make a film my production name will be "Randomtask" and have the clips from austin powers... that's what i'm gonna do Clint

 Livin' in the Boonies Man, after a while living in the boonies stinks. It sucks because we can't get comcast out here, so I have dial-up internet. It is soooo annying. You can't download normal stuff and if you can it takes hours. And I have the dial AOL, not AIM so I always get these porn im's and it so annoying cause they all come at one time. I dunno that's just my thought. Clint

 Wallflowers I've read about thirty pages of the perks of being a wallflower and I actually do like it, it's about a 15 year old kid writing letters to someone anonymous to the reader. It's basically about his discoveries of teenage life and what goes on, you might think it a little... provocative (right word?) but it really does give a good perspective about a 15 year old boy who is discovering himself. So far I aprove. Clint

 Seth, my archives option thingy from my template keeps deletin, i need your help, email me soon. Clint

 Being a Wallflower Just got The Perks of Being a Wallflower and I'm stoked about reading it. (I used the word 'stoked' does it work good? I'm trying it out) And I got the Aston Martin pic back and it looks awesome, hopefully I will have it on the Blog soon. Clint

 Timeline I just watched a preview for timeline through moviefone.com, and dude, it looks awesome. It's got my favorite actor from Minority Report and Band of Brothers and Boomtown. Totally have fogotten his name but he's awesome, AND his brother plays a character in The OC, so with no doubt in my mind, I'm going to go see Timline the day it comes out. If you haven't read the book, GO NOW. Clint

 Not so easy like Sunday Mornin' Okay, so I finally got my blog to look right without everything deleting itself so I'm back to normal. But my day has just begun, I have quite a bit of homework that I had planned on doing in the car to Atlanta, but I always plan that and it never happens. Then I have stinky choir, I don't feel like going today cause I am seriously tired, I have been deprived of sleep this whole weekend. So I'm gonna go do some stuff, hope you like the way the Blog looks. Clint

 Ok so my archives have been pretty much deleted for good, I think. Unless Seth ole buddy you can fix it :-D please. And I can't figure out how to get the bat ^ below the advertisement! GRR. But yeah Pimps in Hotlanta fo sho! Saw a line of H2's on the highway covered in chrome and spinners for caps. It was awesome. Clint

 Dude, the game sucked, but the rest of the trip was freakin' awesome! We were driving to the game and I got to see a REAL ASTON MARTIN!!!! I LOVE those cars and I got to see one up close and personal! It was sooooo freakin' cool, AND I had brought my camera so I got a few black and white shots! It was the greatest day ever! I'll tell yeah the other extremely pimpin' awesome cars I saw later. Clint

 HOLY CRAP! I just opened my blog to edit and say goodbye and the screen is finally back to normal!!! yaaay now i don't have to borrow computers anymore! Well, braves game tonight, gonna be there, getting out of school early too! see yeah sun i won't be back till tomorrow afternoon, oh and if you get the chance pick up bowling for columbine, i know he's a liberal but some of the points he made i agree with. Clint

 once more andother test.

 Sorry, this is another test (actually i'm editing it and it's being gay)

 This is a test, please hold.

 Stupid United Kingdom! Man, I finally get the computer game I ordered from the UK. Right when I put it in and start to install it says that the game can only be loaded if you have the UK version of the first game, I have the AMERICAN version of the game! GRRRRRRRRR, so mad! now I have to buy the UK version of the first one. Clint

 I eat paste Heeeyy, so I'm over at kyle's enjoying a nice tube of paste. Not really, I just couldn't think of anything to say. Um, sooo, we're just chillin', see yeah at church. Clint

 Patience is a virtue, but I don't have time for it. Man, love is a beautiful thing, but dang waiting for it takes forever... There's a girl, and I'm not so sure the girl likes me... But i've liked her since I met her many years ago. Over the years I have gotten to know her and realized that it wasn't the looks I was in love with, it was her . Her mind, the way she thought, the way she looked at things. I think I then realized that real love was from the neck up. And man she's awesome, I'm crazy about her! I use to think that I would get over her in a few weeks but that didn't happen. Usually if it's lust you tell someone you like her and the feeling kind of leaves... But I've shared it with a bunch of people and I still can't get her out of my head. Don't ask me if you don't know who I'm talkin about I'm not sure I wanna tell anyone else, cause if I need help with what I should do, I don't what them to "know" you know? Anyways, see yeah at church if you're goin' if you're not you're weird, unless you have an excuse then you're ok. Clint

 Is Anyone Out There? Okay, I am always so freakin' bored right about now. This stinks... I'm listening to Nickle Creek and just sitting here... If anybody has any good cd's that they are willing to let me copy onto my puter, could I borrow them? Clint

 Red Hot... Chili Peppers Yes, I am listening to them right now, and they are definetly my favorite band. New OC episode tonight, it's the last summer episode so next week they will be in school! Super fun... Watch it, you can really relate it to Brentwood, in a richy richy way. It's on FOX 8 o'clock. Rock, Clint

 BOREDOM You know those times when you don't want to go to sleep but it's time to go to sleep? That would be this time right here... I'm so bored, and I don't want to go to bed, and noone is online... Boredom. Clint

 Thought of the Day You know what's wrong with the world today. Everyone is so caught up in themselves that they don't see how they are treating others. Seriously, people wonder why gothic people dress the way they do, it's because they've judged them so much, that they feel worthless. Others dress that way because it's a form of self expression. I was in Hot Topic the other day, and my mom walked in and I was lookin' at shirts (almost bought one actually) and as we walked out my mom said,"that place gives the creeps." The number one thing I loath with everything I have is when other people judge people before they even learn there name. Most of those people in there are the most down to earth people you could ever meet! They're fun, smart, and good kids. Others just don't take the time to get to know them and don't realize how brilliant they truly are. There are always rumors goin' around schools no doubt, and a lot of people avoid those people that were in the rumor becuase of what they have heard, most of the time it isn't true but somtimes it is, sure it was a mistake that they made but that doesn't make it right to: continue the rumor, stay away from them because of the rumor, or just plain and simple judge them because of it! Gah! I'm a little angry right now and I've said quite a bit already, so I'm gonna go. Hopefully I have made a point. Clint

 So Monday is just takin' its time to finish and bring tuesday. And I am soo tired... i'm gonna go do something, i dunno what but i'm gonna do somethin'... profound statement.

 Hey I'm over at my sister's and the screen to edit my blog is actually normal it's kinda weird. So I'm soakin' up the happiness of being able to edit my blog in a normal way! I drove on the interstate to get here it was frickin' awesome. And if I get some more practice in I will be able to drive to Atlanta when we go to the baseball game! See yeah soon my friends, and if I don't... Your loss. Clint

 Today be Sunday... Went to church and that's about it... I started on the Bourne Identity at 2 last night, that's why my url is Bourneblogger ;)... adios

 Ok, last time I'm ever going to do this, if I don't like it, it goes, but hopefully it'll work.

 Friday the 31st. Well, today was an eventful day. I was picked up after school by the gracious Debo Morris and was allowed to attend their activities at the Mckrell's house. We had a lot of fun, and I am exhausted from playing with the tons of little children and their dogs. So right now I am at my sister's house, she's at another apartment at a party, so I'm probably going to be alone for a while. I have some issues to blog about concerning school... again... but that can wait for another day. Can I some candy, Clint

 I don't procrasinate candy... That count? Seriously, does the madness ever end? I have been waiting for the weekend for so long. I think in my preparation for the weekend I have completely neglected work. I barely ever do homework... This is NOT a good habit I have come to find. I'm even procrastinating packing, I have to pack for this weekend cause I'm staying with my sister, which she is not happy about, and I haven't even done that! Huh boy. Now I'm me this time, Clint

 "Slowly breaking through the day light." This morning as I got ready for school (or satan's shagpad if you will) I heard on the radio that the gospel of John has been made into a film. No, it's not The Passion by Mel Gibson. It's actually entitled The Gospel of John. It sounds very good, it comes out November 7th, and I already have decided I want to see it opening day, so if anyone else wishes to join me, ring me up. And The Passion does not yet have a release date I think, I'm not sure. But when that comes out, I'm all over it. Let it be, Clint

 "In my place, in my place." Okay, now I can really get into the subject of me hating high school and popularity. Because it's really starting to bother me, usually it doesn't but after a few days of not having a good friend to talk to except for one, it starts to get to you. I hate high school because it is one big contest to see who can be more popular, more beautiful, and more wild. I basically have no good friends becuase the moment I try to talk to them and they see someone more poular, I'm invisible. I think that I didn't really realize what "be individual" meant until now. I've finally found my true place, I don't have friends at that school because I'm trying to be someone I'm not. And I can either choose to be that someone who isn't me, or be what I really am. And if there are other people like that along the journey, then I'll have a friend. I'm finally free! Free from the shackles of my peers; I feel awesome now. I've also realized how great God can be in the worst moments of your life. I think He works His greatest then, I don't know the exact quote from C.S. Lewis, but God was definately yelling at me. I realized when I was in the worst state, what life is really all about. It's not about popularity, it's not about sex, it's not about being invited to a party and getting wasted; it's about Him, and spreading His greatness. When I felt like I was all alone, He was screaming, "NONE OF THIS MATTERS! Quit cryin' you sissy and live your life!" I still want advice, Clint

 "I can't stand to fly, I'm not that naive." I hate high school at the moment, thought I would share that, I don't really have time to go into why, but I hate it. And don't tell me to cherish while I can or any of that crap. I cherish it, just not the people in the school. And I still need a home... Will you be my home? Not in the hiz-ouse cause I don't have one, Clint

 I need a home. Now here this. Now here this. If anybody isn't doing anything right after school and until about 6:00 or 6:30 can I come over? My rentals will be out of town, and I don't have a home until my sister gets off work. Feeling orphanlike, Clint

 The Price is Life! Welcome back to The Price is Life! The game that crucifies you when you are judged or not cool. Let's go to our first contestant coming from a live feed in Ravenwood High School. He is out the hallways hoping to socialize. He's starting to aproach a group of guys. OH NO! He can't find a gap in the circle, man if he doesn't find a spot quick he is going to be judged and won't have anyone to talk to for at least the next hour. And now it appears the bell has rung so he's heading for his class, oh no! He's talking to the teacher like she's a normal human being. That's major negative tallying on his score sheet. I can see his entire high school popularity going right down the drain. That's all the time we have for now, join us tomorrow as we watch another contestant try to talk to a girl he has no chance with! Until then, don't talk to strangers or losers! Hating Popularity, Clint

 Disease. I suffer from a disease called, "Procrastination insomnia". For those of you who are not familiar with it. The subject procrastinates all homework the entire day and then waits until he/she is tired and ready to sleep to do the work. The subject realizes the situation and instead of staying up and doing the work, he/she stays up anyways listening to music, or blogging. If the subjects decides to ignore this work, it follows him/her to the next day causing stress and late or bad grades in the class. Further more, this disease has caused great grief and sorrow to the carrier. An antidote is in the works, Clint

 "Love, love, love"... For The Beatles. My mom went out and finally bought the album "1". The greatest hits/number one charters for The Beatles. And I can't stop listening to it, they are addictive. Even the cheesey 1962 songs that everyone loved are awesome. I just wanted to share that. Wiping away the tears, Clint

 Interesting... Very interesting. I meant to talk about this yesterday, but I didn't. In Sunday school we were talking about judging others, and how we should just except them for who they are. I know it's cheesey but the outcome was interesting. One of the kids said look at David Ramos! It's kind of hard to be nice to him. Now David was not in the class, but his friend was. And a few of the kids continued about how he wears eye liner and wears his sisters gym shorts. Granted a little weird but... The friend raised his hand and said that David just doesn't like to be judged and he's really not weird he's a cool guy. And then suddenly the air changed completely, the room was filled with, "Yeah he's a cool guy, yeah." I thought to myself, wow this is depressing. We automatically think that the person isn't around so we can talk about them, but we never think about who else is around us and if they might be hurt. It wasn't David who was hurt, it was his friend. And most likely his friend told David that they were talking about him, and now David probably won't return... Sorry I'm just a little teed about that. Pondering about human habits, Clint

 Pardon the Interruption............ Please. I wanted to clear one thing up about the entry about this girl I'm crazy about. I don't just sit around all day thinking about her. I do sit down and think about her. But not all day. I hope people that read my blog don't think that all I ever do is sit and blog. It seems I'm sending that message to a lot of people. I do go out and do things, and I do "socialize", and for the love of God I am individual! It seems that "Be individual" is a phrase that people like to use around here. I AM INDIVIDUAL. The next person that says be individual to me will be drop kicked and then have their arms broken in eight ways and have their fingers sent to every closest relative! Go ahead say it... I DARE YAH. Friendly announcement from, Clint Alwahab

 Enter the Blog. Not much to blog about today. The Brazil team got back today though, that's cool. I got presents :-D. I also got my Enter the Matrix game back from Darrel G. and I have already loaded it on my computer and I'm half way through it in one day. I'm proud to be a loser. I watched the first four hours of 24, and was blown away, I love it. I've got to watch the rest before Tuesday cause the new season premieres. And on Wednesday The OC finally makes its return, it was delayed cause of baseball, but now it's back. That's one of my favorite shows. If you haven't watched it, watch it, I've said this before but you can totally see Brentwood in that show. Anyways, I learned how to play smoke on the water on geetar. Not much to it though. I'm gonna go cause this is the most worthless blog, I just felt like I should talk about my day. Catchin' it on the flip side, Clint (That sounds weird)

 MARLINS BABY!

 Seriously, honestly, really. Lately I haven't been able to get Her out of my mind. I'm doing the usual complete chicken thing and referring to the love of my life as "Her". But whenever I am watching t.v. or even just sitting there I'm thinking about Her. I think what if She were here, or this would be 80 trillion (yes trillion) times better if She were here. I stay up all night thinking about Her, not in a perverted or "sensual" way, just what life would be like with Her around. I'm absolutely crazy about Her! Advice is needed, even though it has been given a million times. One peice of advice I know I'll hear is: there are others girls out there... (But they aren't like her.) Truly, cruely, brutally, Clint

 No feeling in my legs. Man, I didn't even spend the night in the church and I am exhausted from the 24 hours for Him event. It was very tiring but I loved it. I love dealing with the little kids, they're a lot of fun. The day consisted of getting up at 7, eating breakfast at the church, helping a leader teach 3rd graders. Big worship was when I folded bags to serve chic-fil-a lunch. Then I helped Jon Merryman move a giant toaster and cereal box upstairs to the children's ministry area... We had to carry the giant box... Not cool. Then big group and rec and coloring paper bags for room in the inn. Then clean up during small groups... All in all it was a long day. And I heard that the sleeping part was a BLAST. Sam Wey only got an hour of sleep. There was projectile throwing up, hyper little boys that smelled like feet and odorized sweat. But all of that was so much fun, I loved it. Massaging the bruises, Clint

 "It's been a bad day." Man, Friday's aren't suppose to be this gruesome. Are they? This entire school day has been a bomb site. The explosion went off the minute I started third period. Hunger struck at the most inconvenient time, and sleep overcame me in fifth. After school I had to go help my dad with this floor, and I was suppose to go to the church tonight tp help with the 24 hours for Him kids thing. I called Jon and told him about my day, and if I could just come in tomorrow morning, he said yes thankfully. So now what I am going to do is make a grilled cheese sandwich, listen to some Pete Yorn and Coldplay, and rest. Have a good day, I'm going to try to make mine better. It was good in the begining, Clint

 Finally, I bought a CD. You have no idea how many years it's been since I have bought a CD with my own money. I went to Target with intentions of buying either The Matrix Reloaded CD because music rocks booty, or David Crowder cause Seth won't link me. Well Seth, I'm sorry, I searched the entire CD area with the greatest intent and they did not have it what so ever. But I think you will be proud to hear that I bought Pete Yorn in it's replacement. There was a big trial about what CD to buy. I had either, Jonny Lang, Rufus Wainewright, Reloaded, Dave Matthews, or Petey. They didn't have any REM unfortunately. So I went with Pete "The Master" Yorn. I'll keep the reciept just in case you feel like linking me Seth. I might blog tomorrow, I'm not sure, because I have to get ready for the 24 hours for Him weekend with the little ones. I've got some energy storing to do. It was good in the beggining, Clinton

 Can't catch a break. Okay, so I finally get the first disc of 24. But I remember today that I won't be home until Saturday night! I'm suppose to help the kids ministry with their 24 hours 4 Him weekend. So, if you want to come to the church at 10:00 at night on Friday and watch it with me on the big screen tell me. Otherwise. You know what screw it. I've just decided, if you wanna watch it Friday night, come to the church we'll pop it in. If not, I'm just gonna watch it. "We are getting aggrivated.", Clint

 The Beauty of a Movie. I had an interesting conversation with my good friend Arley last night at church. We were talking about the Matrix movies and she said she doesn't like them. She said she didn't like them becuase they were too popular and too hard to understand. I said that I think the very first time you see it, you have to pay attention very closely, and then after you watch it the first time, go back and enjoy the beauty of the film. I personally think the car chase scene was brilliant. I loved the entire Merovingian and Twins part of the movie. And the Seraph and the Key maker. Granted everyone, everywhere has seen them, but if you can understand them and you can enjoy the film more than others, you are the only one that has really seen it. I thoughtI would share that because I like the movies, and my t.v. is fried from watching it all night. Literally, if you watch it too much it starts to flicker, so I have to wait a few hours to finish Reloaded. Feedback is mandatory, Clint

 Don't it always seem to go? Got to love Netflix.com you really do. Today in the mail, 24 season disc one arrived. Just one day late. So, either Friday or Saturday. But seriously, if you are planning on watching it with me, tell me cause otherwise i'm just gonna watch it. see yeah later. Watching the Matrix Reloaded again, Clint

 Teenagers! This story has made my day. I know by the end of it, you will think me cruel and cold hearted. Every Friday night, large masses of teenagers from all over Brentwood swarm to the local movie theatre. Of course Wednesday being a Friday for us, half of my grade was planning to go see Chainsaw Massacre because, well it was a complete popularity thing. And when it comes to popularity contests I hate them. Not because I lose but because the popular kids annoy the piss out of me. And so this morning I was talking to one of the girls that went to see it, only to find out they couldn't get in! Finally the movie theatre system worked! This huge group of kids bought the tickets with a parental present, so of course they had to sell them the tickets. But the parent left before they went into the theatre! As we all know the laws of the Cinema Constitution, no child under 17 can get into an R rated movie without a parent or gaurdian with them, THE PARENT ALSO HAS TO ENTER THE FILM WITH THEM. So the buzz of popularity was humming louder then ever as they made their way to the entrance. Only to find out that they can't get in! Oh, I laughed so hard this morning when I heard this. I'm sure a lot of you think me a weirdo now, I am. But I like it that way. The cruel and cold-hearted, Clintonious Maximus Alwahabious

 I'm an idiot. Yesterday I published an entry entitled "What are you thinking?" And I only reread it today after realizing how much I screwed up. First I want to say I am sorry for saying the stuff how I did. I didn't mean to call our church arrogant snobs. I meant it to areas of people. But I'm not going to continue what I said becuase I think I'm a moron who doesn't know what he's saying. If I offended any of you, I'm sorry. If you haven't read it. Don't, because I'm deleting the entry. Trying to find myself, Clint

 "Somebody's knockin' at the door. Do me a favor baby, let 'em in." -Wings "Let 'em In"

 Good golly, miss Molly. My head throbs with pain from the tortures of the day. Don't get me wrong church was awesome, especially the little Seth Worley and New Guy guitar duet. But honestly, I can't remember what I did 20 minutes ago, my brain shot. I'm gonna bring a sleeping bag into my living room and watch a bunch of movies and listen to The Beatles and Wings. Thanks to everyone who totally rejected the idea of going to see a movie, or go get coffee. Which is pretty much everyone. Oh well, when I get my mini cooper you'll all be weeping. Hey look I can make sock puppets without the sock, Clint

 "I am inveenceeble!" My parents have had this record player ever since records were invinted, and the speakers that go with are about as valueable as the sex scene in The Matrix Reloaded. Being the technical wizard I am, I used my stereo system I have in my room to rewire the speakers, and vwa-la. It's sounds as clear as a gentle breeze in the Appalachin Mountains. You like my similie? I do. Now I can listen to Wings At the Speed of Sound with great ease and pleasure. Thought I would share that, seeing as I have no meaningful subject to put on my blog right now. Technically I do have a meaningful subject, but I don't have time to go into it. Tomorrow, I'll blog all day, cause I'm not going anywhere, and all I'll do tomorrow is watch The Sharon Osbourne Show. Don't laugh, it's an awesome show, she's a cool woman......................... Seth if you say one word, I will break your knees. In a friendly way of course. Well, I just realized how much I have just rambled and that I need to go. Blogging without realizing it, Clint

 T.G.I.W? Ah, the glorious day that we can stay up late and fart like we don't care: Wednesday? It's rather nice to have a week where your teachers are going to take up Monday's homework Friday. It's rather nice to not have to worry about doing homework before going to church because you will get home late. It's even nicer to go out for coffee and a movie after church, which I plan to do. But I was perturbed to see my sister, whom I have bugged forever to read my blog, is reading Seth's blog and putting up comments! Oh well, I'm not gonna whine about that when it's no big deal. Amber, if you are reading this email me if mom has sent you any emails lately, cause we haven't gotten any. Well, I'm gonna go listen to some old vinyl Wings and Beatles records. Have a great day, I know I am. Chewing a guitar pick, Clint P.S. I have decided that when I get older I will invent the flavored guitar pick, don't think about doing it though, I've patented it.... Not really.

 The Tennessee Job So after my mom watched The Italian Job, she fell in love with the Mini Cooper. Typical. My dad and I had liked them before the entire nation knew what they were. And we are starting to like them SO much, that we are planning on buying one! And when I turn sixteen, it becomes mine. Now don't think of me as a richy richy kid, trust me, I'm not. I live in a log house in the middle of the woods. (Just wanted to make that clear) But of course being the good teenage child that I am, I went to urlLink miniusa.com and found the address for the Nashville dealership. :-D Entrigueing jealousy, Clint

 Well fellas Okay, Netflix is failing in the get things in the mail in time to watch them on Wednesday night subject. I just looked at our account and they shipped the first disc of 24 today. The estimated arrival is Friday. So people who were planning on coming over and watching it, which is Darrel, and maybe Seth. We will have to delay the viewing until either Friday or Saturday. But if you like, we could go see a movie. Not Kill Bill though......................... Um, Sethers you said a while back that Chainsaw Massacre isn't a true story, it is..... isn't it.............. Unwanted awakening from my nap, Clint

 Counting sheep... And crows. My sister left her Counting Crows cd Hard Candy when she went to college, and she said she didn't care, so naturally I have taken it and plan to never return it. I've been listening to it, and I'm really starting to like it. And for the past 5 months I have been trying to find the cd that has Big Yellow Taxi, the Crows version. Being the retard that I am, I never looked on Hard Candy. It's a hidden track, and I never caught on. Oh well, the only thing that annoys me about the song is that they hid it so well that it's like two minutes after the track 13 song, so I wait for 2 minutes to hear it. Just my observations. Oh yeah, is their lead singer a pothead? Yes, no? Perhaps so? Headed for Napville, Clint

 Hey Megan you're goin to church Wednesday night? Really, that's awesome. See you there!

 The Coolest Thing on Earth. As most of you know, I send my blog entries to Jay whenever I update... He replied to one of my entries. The entry had the scrolly title thing goin on. And I opened up the reply to find that the entire email was scrolling just like the title! I thought that was the coolest thing I had ever seen in my entire life.... I find interest in the little things..... oh well. Playing with a styrofoam cup... and liking it, Clint

 "And He saw, it was good." Man, today was the best Monday I have had since The Monday of '01. The entire day went by soooo fast. I didn't watch the clock at all so it felt like right when I sat down, it was time for the next period. Oh what a day! And I got my homework finished in my car while my dad bought dinner at Costco! So fast day, no homework, and I got my new backpack finally! Oh ah feela likea singin'! (He says in the Fat Bastard accent.) Anyways, let me know if you want to watch disc one of 24 season 1 after church Wednesday night, 'cause we're watchin it! Running through corn fields and getting whiplash, Clint

 I made a friend! So the other day I was at urlLink Blogger.com and I found this blog called The Great Leap of Faith. As I read this person's blog I found out that the person is a christian and lives in Singapore! I said hello on one of the comment buttons and since they were talking about missions I talked about my mom in being in Brazil. Go to the blog it's very cool, urlLink The Great Leap of Faith. Liking this whole blog thing, Clint

 That's my Daddy. My dad is old. And usually all old men do is watch t.v. and listen to talk radio. So naturally my dad is watching t.v. right now. And naturally it's a PBS sepcial on hippos. That's right hippos. And as I walking in the kitchen to get something to eat, I saw that some bird was landing on a hippo's nose and the hippo didn't like that. And my dad said, "Clint, look at this, the bird is sitting on the hippo's nose." And I stood there for a minute watching my dad sit there eating his "nightly" ice cream, and laughing at this hippo. Then I realized how much of a little kid my dad can be. It's kind of freakin' me out. Thought I would share, Clint

 Back to the Basics. Tomorrow is just another Monday, no different from any other. Get up, go to school, leave school, have school at home, go to sleep, and repeat. Luckily we have yet another break this week because of a teacher in service day. Sorry Wayne. And 24 should arrive by then. I talked to Darrel and he said he would come over and watch it Wednesday night after church. Sounds like a good plan, so we're stickin' with it. For those of you that would like to watch Season 1 disc one of 24 come to my house after church Wednesday. Email me and I'll give you directions. I hope you are enjoying the sounds of Enya right now. Just in case you can't hear the music Jay, I figured out how to put music on my website. And I have a little scrolly thing. I got the info on how to put it on there from one of the people in Singapore that I have a link to, click Yueheng. Anyways, I had better go do some homework, I've procrastinated enough this weekend. Clint

 "You'll Never Stop the Real Napster." My good friend Darrel Girardier (did I spell it right?) told me a few weeks ago that Napster will soon be starting back up. Naturally I had to see for myself and sure enough, Napster starts back up October 29th. If you register before they open you can get 5 free tracks. Albums are only $9.95 and single tracks are $.99. Very excited about the arrival as you should be too. Thought I would share that, and now I have a link to Napster. Clint

 Seth I think the thing that kills me is that I reply to your blogs in my spare time. My life doesn't revolve around the internet and blogging. I do things, when I go out I don't think oh man I gotta go home and blog. I think it just hurt that you said I should get out and do stuff... when I already do.

 Dying to live, but just living to die. Lately I find myself on the internet a lot, blogging. And I usually read Seth Worley's blog everyday. Pretty much every time he posts something I put something on the comment button, whether it be helpful or just stupid silly. The other day he said I comment to much, and that everytime I think about blogging I should think of something I could do with real people. I said that I had to have friends in order to do that. And sure I have friends, but the friends I have I don't really consider to be the best of friends. (That's not directed towards anyone in particular) So then he said I was complaining, I wasn't complaining I was stating the obvious truth. Trust me Seth I have tried to think of stuff I could be doing with real people, I call those dreams. I don't have friends like that, and if I do, they aren't around. Now, right now I'm complaining, and you know what I don't care if it annoys you or not. You have made me feel wothless. Don't email me to apologize or anything I just wanted to say that. Thanks for the self-esteem boost, Clint

 I'm feeling kind of worthless right now.

 Bloggedy, blog, blog. Well folks, the first disc of 24 Season 1 did not arrive today. Sorry to break your heart, but the fest will not begin today. Actually no one has replied about the fest at all, so as far as I know... It's just me, thanks for the self-esteem boost. Anyways, all Ravenwood students recieved report cards today! And I am glad to announce that are A's and B's. The ones I reeeally want to brag about are Spanish and geography. Geography is a 99, I repeat a ninety-nine. Español is a 97, thank you very much. Props to Jay Strother for getting the fall retreat forms out only a week late, I got mine today. I still need some suggestions for easy geetar songs, I'm learnin Amazing Grace at the moment. I've been told that worship songs are usually the easiest, but of course when I go to look for some new songs, my mind goes blank and I can't remember any song whatsoever. The comment button is working, Clint

 Pushing Every Button You Can! If you look at the sidebar that has all the pictures and stuff, you will see that a few of them are kind of outlined. I figured out how to make buttons! So click one and see where it takes you! Clint

 "Welcome, to the real." Hey this is a little shout-out/heads-up to Jay Strother. Hey dude it's Clint, hopefully you figured that. But what you are reading has been entered onto my blog and now whenever I put a new entry on the blog, you get to see it First Edition. Anyways, thought I would let you in on the scoop so you won't delete me. See yeah soon dawg. Looking for my sanity, Clint

 Much ablog about nothing. I'm not going to go to the football game despite my week long plans. I was starting to get sick of waisting my money, losing my voice, and being looked at as stupid freshmen that won't shut up. So I'm stayin' home and doing nothing. Basically. I'm probably going to watch The Matrix and The Matrix Reloaded just because I can. And if you play the guitar I need help on finding some simple songs that will help get me off my feet. I've already learned Seven Nation Army, 'cause it is very simple. But I need some more songs that aren't to complicated. See yeah Sunday hopefully. 15 and wanting to fly, Clint P.S. Aaron, I'm going to start sending my blog to Jay, sorry dude.

 El Music es Bueno. I started playing my guitar today with the help of mxtabs.com and thetabworld.com. So far I can play the main part of Seven Nation Army by The White Stripes, and the opening of Blackbird but it's rough. I'm having trouble with Blackbird because I don't my tabs are right. I also found one of my favorite songs of all time, Glorious #1 by Remy Zero. So if you play guitar and know any of things songs... Help me the next time you see me. Adios. the next Elvis Costello, Clint

 Just another Science, Spanish, and Geography. Today I think was the first time this entire year that I have had homework in every subject except for English. Just my luck, only half of it makes sense. The science was pretty much a breeze, but the fact that we have a quiz in that class tomorrow is what worries me. Spanish only made partial sense to me, we just got these new verbs today and we have this worksheet that is rather complicated... I would go into detail about what is on it, but it would be blabber to most of you. Geography isn't too bad seeing as I have a 99 in the class, but today he assigned this section that isn't actually a section. Ita maken no sense. (Say that last sentence in a Chinese accent. ;)) Then there is the almighty and unwielding math. Everyday, math homework hits me hard in the stomach. Hopefully it won't be too complicated but I didn't bring it home cause I have directed study before that class. So that's what my homework life looks like right about now. I have however finished science and bits and pieces of spanish, but don't even think I'm going to do that geography. I bid you farewell; in case I don't see you anymore today, good afternoon, good evening, and good night. Thinking of happier places, Clint

 Got my swimmin trunks on! I was just talking to a friend from school, and she said, "I really don't want to go back to school tomorrow." I replied, "Yeah none of us do." She said, "I'm ready for summer." And there is where I realized how quickly our moods can change... Nine weeks ago I was dieing to get back in school and start getting back to the norm. Now the norm is the last thing I want to get back to. Call it irony, but I call it mood swings. Just a thought, Clint

 Blah blah blog blah. I bought The Matrix Reloaded today. I know a lot of ye fellow readers will say,"Why waist your money?" To tell you the truth I enjoyed Reloaded very much, there were parts of the movie I felt were unnessecary or boring, but I still thought it worth my money. Today didn't consist of much because of the rain. I was going to take Tyler Torti's advice (see comment button from entry Bland Beyond Recognition.) and get out of the house and do something, but there was a misscomunication between myself and my mom. I was planning on going to Rec. World and go to the batting cages to practice for tryouts. But the rain and time held me back. Perhaps another day, perhaps another time. I also discovered that my mom ordered the first DVD of 24 season 1 and it should be here this week... I'm thinking either watch it on Saturday or next week's Thursday because we don't have school. Let me know if you wanna watch it with me. Livin' the high life, Clint P.S. Rent Enter the Matrix, it's one of the best games ever.

 How did I get here? Once again I find myself at the computer. Blogging once again about love. She has now read my blog, but I don't know if she read what I want her to read. I'm so crazy about her. I don't want to say anymore just because I will ramble and people will get sick of me. Not much to do right now, other than sleep... But I don't feel like sleeping... Maybe a movie will be watched... Maybe a book will be read... Maybe I will shut the crap up and go to bed! Have you ever wanted something you can't have... Something that you felt like you had to have, or otherwise you wouldn't be able to go on... Not like when you were a kid and you HAD to have candy or a toy... That's how I am with this girl... Who I might as well come out and say who it is, but the wuss inside of me won't let me. Ah jeez, i'm rambling again. I'd better go... If I blog about love within the next 48 hours, and I'm not going out with Her then next time you see me, punch me in the stomach... HARD. Need sleepy, Clint

 Now I never meant To do you wrong That's what I came here to say But if I was wrong Then I'm sorry I don't let it stand in our way As my head just aches When I think of The things that I shouldn't have done But, life is for living We all know And I don't wanna live it alone Sing Ah, ah, oh Sing Ah, ah, oh And just think Ah, ah, oh Need I say more? Coldplay rocks man.

 Bland beyond recognition. I feel so boring, and weird. After having the little comment button discussion with Seth about living in our blogs, I realized: I'm boring. Everyone that blogs makes like two entries a day, today this will be my fifth and I'll most likely blog again. Everybody always blogs about how there day was and all the stuff they did... All I ever do, is watch movies and clean the porch to make money to watch more movies... Maybe it's just the fall break effect. Help me get out of this house! I need to go do something tomorrow! I think through this blog I'm trying to be somebody I'm not, maybe I should tone it down a notch on the blogging. 15 and wanting a friend, Clint

 Italia. The other night I watched the Italian Job at Kyle's, and I have to say I enjoyed it. Of course it had that whole Ocean's Eleven effect going on, but I still liked it. The final chase had some unrealisticness to it, but always worth a good laugh. Before my mom got home I requested that she rent Scarface, her arguement was that she was already renting two movies, and we didn't need another. She told me that they didn't have 24 so she rented Hollywood Homicide. I asked, uh what happened to Scarface? She replied oh I forgot about that. So now I will be sitting through two eyeball burning hours of Josh Hartnett and the dull Harrison Ford. Don't get me wrong I love Harrison Ford, but in this he's supposed to be"funny". I have never seen him do comedy, and the previews didn't make it look any better. Same with Tom Cruise, that's another story, I have to go unpack from two nights ago. Your local 15 year-old movie reviewer, Clint

 Hold up. Well, my mom got back from Hollywood Video and said that they don't carry the 24 episodes. Not sure why but they dont'. So unless someone has it on DVD, it's cancelled. Sorry to break your heart, course I'm pretty sure no one was planning on coming anyways. I'm very optimistic about myself can't you tell. But tomorrow, fo sho I will be watching The Matrix movies. see yeah later Yay I have a comment button, Clint

 Reloading Revolutions I just remembered that The Matrix Reloaded comes out tomorrow on DVD. So along with the 24 fest, we can pop in either both Matrices or just reloaded. But in November, without a doubt I'm gonna watch both movies before the third. Just a random thought that popped up. See yeah, Clint

 Home grown and all alone? Not much to do today, course I'm sitting by my phone for at least one call about the 24 thing. I believe it shall be moved to Tuesday, because it was kind of short notice. I read Seth's blog about living in his blog, I was relieved to hear this because I'm the same way, I'm not sure if it's because of the fact that I don't have neighbors, or because people don't listen to me. I'm not sure, but I'm glad I'm not alone. I think I have found the blog as my escape route to a hurt free zone; if I'm mad I blog, if I'm sad I blog. Even if I took a whiz I would blog about it. Not really. E-mail me, IM me, whatever you wish, just lemme know what the deal is. Not alone, Clint

 Appreciation for the Music. Lately I found myself delving into CD's with a passion. I've become dependent on music to take me away, away from the trials and tribulations that I face in school and at home. The albums I find the most world lifting are: Parachutes and A Rush... by Colplay, On and On by Jack Johnson, and for some great rock out music By the Way from my homedawgs The Red Hot Chili Peppers. Most people I talk to have either never heard of Jack Johnson, or have heard of him but don't like him. Some say all his music is just to slow, I thought that also when I first heard it, but I explored the "inner core", if you will, of the CD, and found some of the best pieces of music ever. Coldplay is a gimme, everybody likes Coldplay except for those few who are all about the Sean Paul and Beyonce song. Now most would say oh Red Hot Chili Peppers, they are sooo pot heads. Most likely true, but I love their music, it's some of the greatest vocals and song intros you will ever let your ears indulge in. That's just my thought on the beauty of music. I'm also posting a lot of blogs 'cause one of my friends said I was talking about the girl too much. Coldplay take me away, Clint

 A Day in the Life of ClInT. It's Sunday night in the boonies, which means there is absolutely nothing to do. I was going to watch The Red Sox and the Yanks play but it was cancelled cause of rain. So they put on this disturbing but relatively close to the truth movie called Varsity Blues. I didn't like it, I don't know why but I don't like the idea of a movie all about a varsity prep football team, just kind of annoys me. Then nine o'clock rolled around and I flipped the ole tele to The Lyon's Den. Once again I didn't find that much interest in it. I'm not sure why, I think it was because I couldn't really concentrate on what was going on cause I was thinking about a lot of other stuff. I decided that early tomorrow I'm going to get up go to Hollywood Video (props to Brian Waters) and rent the first season of 24. I never watched it when it first came on, then the second season rolled around and thought, there might be something good to this show. Now I'm starting to see the third season previews and am now saying crap I better get goin'. So tomorrow I will be starting the first season, call me if you wanna come over and watch it with me, God knows I need the company. Anyways, The OC makes its repremiere on Wednesday October the 29th. I'm a little teed about that because I have church on Wednesdays. That's the same with Smallville, they moved it to Wednesdays this year. Oh well, I'll just tape 'em. So I'm gonna go, not sure what to do though, not a lot to do in the middle of the woods at 9:30, other than go out in the woods and pee your pants cause it's so freaky. Life's to short to kill yourself, Clint

 Killing Me Softly with Her Words. I wanna be the girl who made him change his ways & give his all..the 1 he thinks bout when he says no 2 just "1 more beer" (but the 1 he knows he can call if he drinks 1 too many). I wanna be the girl he loves w/o make-up, wearing pjs & a pony-tail. I wanna be the girl he knows he can count on being there...the 1 who he cries 2..the girl when he sees in pjs, is wearing his shirt & holding his teddy bear. I wanna be the girl he never falls out of love with.. the 1 he loves more than yesterday & less than tomorrow, I wanna be the girl that he looks at & says 2 his friends..." THATS HER!" This can't get worse. I'm the person that loves her when she thinks she's not pretty, I love her when she's in a bad mood, I love her all the time. She's one of the only people I consider a resort to talk to, about my troubles about life. And she can't see it cause she likes this Patrick guy. GAH! Advice por favor. Flippin' out, Clint

 You know, there are those few times when you are 15 that you feel like a 10 year-old. Seth this isn't anything personal, but I hate it when people say, you can't go see that you're too young. Granted it's true, but it still annoys the crap out of me. I don't know, I think I'm babbling... Hey let me know what you are doing halloween cause my rentals are goin to be in Charleston, and at the moment I don't have anywhere to stay... But what are you doin? 'Cause last year I didn't do anything and I was bored. Writersblock612@aol.com, Clint

 I'm colorblind, so's my blog. So I took a left turn and changed the look of the blog. Only thing that sucks is I can't any more little gif animations... Bummer... oh well, all for the best right? But I definetly will miss Moe the Cow, who was right below the title of the blog. Farewell Moe, maybe we shall meet again. Lovin every minute of it, Clint

 Lost in the vertigo of love. Wow, I feel totally swept off of my feet. A few days ago I said love sucks, but when you see the beauty of it, it is seriously awesome. I sat by the love of my life today in church (If you haven't figured out who she is, we haven't met, or you are just stupid.) and just sitting by her made me the happiest I have been in a long time. I never knew a person's presents could so awe-inspiring. So I as we came to the end of the service and the prayer, I just sat there and thanked God for bringing her into my life, even though she is just my friend, I thanked Him so much for her. And I just realized, if one person, one tiny sinner in this world can be so amazing and have a powerful presence think of what Jesus was like, think of standing next to him think how awesome that would have been. So today I think I learned a little bit more about God and His power, and love and its power. Wow, life can be awesome sometimes. Sweet dreams are made of this. Clint (I actually used that lyric and it made sense!)

 Do you ever feel like you've missed your shot? Missed a chance to do something good? That's how I feel, I knew I shouldn't have gotten back into this track, the "track" is the girl I am in love with, as I explained in an earlier blog, she's back in my life. And she's all about this new kid; I've never met him, and don't plan on it. But she had this in one of her away messages: If you love someone that means you have a good heart. If someone loves you thats flattering. If you love someone and they love you back thats special. After reading that I was ready to beat myself to a pulp. She's never talked about love like this. She likes this guy... And it's killing me. Don't worry, she never reads my blog so there's no worry, but if she is reading it... Now she knows how I feel about her. I'm in love with her. 15 and still dreaming, Clint

 R is for Violence. Usually my mom isn't to restricting on violent movies, or movies with language like a sailor. But today she said that I can't see Kill Bill or Texas Chainsaw Massacre. Granted it probably was a good call because of the unbelievable goryness. I know I will most likely sound like a pompus teenager when all is said. But she's let me watch so many other movies that were just as violent. Braveheart, Saving Private Ryan, The Patriot, The Matrix, The Matrix Reloaded, Scream, and a few more I can't think of. I'm starting to wonder what the difference is going to be between them... I have heard that Kill Bill is pretty dang violent, but my parents have never had a beef against violent movies, they didn't like make it a habit to avoid all violent movies. But Chainsaw Massacre? Are you kidding me?! It's another cheesey teenybopper slasher. AND a remake! Allthough, my mom might not like the fact that it actually happened, but she hasn't metioned that so I won't either. So I'm looking at the listings for movies, marking out all the rated R's and have come down to: Intolerable Cruelty (cha-ching he says in a dull voice) Spy Kids, Out of Time, The Rundown, Duplex, Luther (what?), Secondhand Lions, Fighting Temptations, Dickie Roberts, and that's it... There are 3 that actually look good to me. Out of Time, Duplex, and the Rundown I know I know it's the Rock but... you know, cheesey come cheesey go. (I just made that up) And all votes are leaning towards Out of Time, the new Denzel W. movie, it looks good, but I'd rather see Kill Bill. :-D 15 and waiting for next year, Clint

 Totally Missed It. We got home last night from T.G.I. Friday's and American Eagle, and I immediately got on the computer. (dir) After a while, my parents went upstairs to go to sleep. I got offline, and watched the ole tele. I found on FOX 17, that the cubsters and the marlins were goin into overtime... I thought yes now I can stay up for the whole thing! I found myself 4 hours later asleep and drooling watching Thrid Rock From the Sun. I had totally missed the game, fox news, fox friday football update after the news, and seinfeld.... I thouhgt, hmm, maybe I should go to sleep. So I watched the rest of TRFS, and went to bed. That's what last night looked like and I thought I would share. Clint P.S. Who won?

 Love Bites... Hard. Wow, you're fellow blogging friend Clint Alwahab, has just hopped on the infamous roller coaster of death known as "Love". After a few weeks of thinking that I was finally over the girl I was crazy about, I realized, it ain't that easy. And I talked to a good friend of mine who knows the person, and she said that you can't just be crazily in love with someone for two freakin years, and then turn around one day and say you're over her. So right now I'm in a state of stagnation, and utterly confused about where this will all go. I keep wondering everyday, staying up till midnight, wondering what could happen if I did this, or that... IT'S CRIZAZZY! (I used the word crizazzy becuase there is no other word to describe it.) If any of the fellows have a piece of advise other than get over her, tell me. Writersblock612@aol.com Clint

 Dude? Um, so evidently I say the word dude a lot in my blog. The other day I was looking at my blog to see if it looked normal, and i saw at the top of the advertisement Related Searches: Dude, The Great Train Robbery. Of course I understand the whole Great Train Robbery thing, but dude?! I clicked it and it took me to Google searches for dude... Do I say dude a lot? Let me know. Clintamous Maximus

 I just want to say this one thing. Love sucks... I'll go into detail tomorrow, too tired tonight, and I gotta sit on it also. Clint Go to BHS game tomorrow

 Is it blurry to anyone else? Wow, good game RHS Froshies, fo sho. 14-7, we actually beat Brentwood... Next year man, it's gonna be a revolution. Today has been a very long day to me. Got to school just in time, like 7:24, we start at 7:30... And my first class is on the other side of the building. Then there was, of course, the long and painfully drawn out day that is high school. Then I had to rush home, change for the game, go to this job site cause me papa had to finish up this floor. Then I went straight to the game, stood up for an hour and a half, taped the game, then waited for a good 30 minutes for me mama y me papa to come and pick me up. So today has been a tiring day... That's why my vision is just a wee bit blurred. I'm gonna go listen to one of the ultimate stress relieving CD's On and On, from the Jack Johnson collection. Have a scrumpcious day, Clint

 Oh the wonders of dial up Wow, I hate dial up... Once again it all boils down to livin' in the boonies. We can't get comcast, which means we have to use dial up. Which means we have to use AOL. Which means my parents use the retarded parental blocking. Which means it blocks EVERYTHING... By everything I mean even Seth Worley's blog! That ticks me off so much. Course Seth I think it might have blocked you cause like you have said, you curse alot... Either way I HATE DIAL UP! Clint

 A Revelation I hate it when you are in a conversation with someone, and they say something totally against what you think... But you say 'yeah' just to respond, and they say shut up be individual... But when you do try to be individual they tell you to be quiet... That seriously annoys the crap out of me. I don't know... That happened to me tonight, and I thought I would share that. Oh yeah, I was kind of thinking about buying the infamous "Jesus is my homeboy" t-shirt/trucker hat; Darrel asked me though... Why would you buy it? And some other people said they thought it was kind of... You know, not "right" like it was "degrading" Jesus... I don't think it does... Actually I just thought this... I think Jesus wants us to look at Him how we want... For some people it might be easier for them to think of Him as their "homeboy". So no, I don't think it would be wrong to buy the shirt... I'd rather have the hat though. Anyways, just my thoughts of the day. E-mail me, whatever... I am still unable to figure out the comment thing so. Clint P.S. I didn't start reading JP cause Seth talked about the CD... Just wanted to clear that up.

 The Big Scare Wew, I was adding the new descripition you see right above Moe the Cow, and it deleted some of my pictures... luckily I keep a backup everytime I renew my template ;) I'm a thinker. Anyways... Church tonight, won't be home till late... see yeah there! Next topic hopefully will be soon... haven't had time lately to do anything. Clint

 For those of you who are not in my English 1 honors class, let me explain. The blog below this entry and this entry as well, are part of a visual aid I am using for my English 1 honors oral presentation. If you are in my English 1 honors class... I am right in front of you, so be quite. The Big Snow The wiper blades of the gray mini-van continued to wipe off the melting snow that landed on the windshield. My friend, Kyle, and I talked while my mom drove us home. Looking out the windows we saw a long line of cars already building up from a car accident. Coming to an agreement to take another path, we turned off the ice covered only to find ourselves in another long line of hot metal boxes. The first hour had passed us by and we had only moved two feet, if we had stayed on the first road we would have been home by now. Kyle decided that he and I should walk up the road and see what was wrong. Against my mom’s opinion we got out, immediately we felt the cold snowy wind freeze every bone in our bodies. Walking along the crunchy snow we saw all the disgruntled faces of drivers and passengers, and then we found the front-of-the-line car driverless and turned off.

 The Perfect Storm I compared my story to The Perfect Storm, because they were both about a fight against weather. They lost important stuff on the boat, such as an antenna, where as Kyle and I lost the lead driver. Of course, both the stories had their differences, like they died, and we didn't.

 Jurassic Park Ever since the movie came out I have been wanting to read Jurassic Park. Last year I finally got my chance and read Jurassic Park for my English class. Naturally I fell in love with it, becuase it's Michael Crichton, and I read like a maniac and finished it like 4 weeks before the due date. And in class we would read little sections and I loved re-reading them, never ever got sick of it. So I've deicided to re-read Jurassic Park and be reinspired to write. Oh yeah, I've started a novel, it's a about a pirate ship naturally. Expect it to be published... never... But you can read it! Clint P.S. JP was my first Michael Crichton novel; so it,of course, is my absolute favorite Crichton.

 The School of Rock I saw The School of Rock, and I loved it. It was very well written and acutally had a good message to it... It was funny, but not too funny. I have decided that it is worthy to go on my wall. (movie poster) Clint P.S. Check out homestarrunner.com it's awesome.

 Just Bad Luck Yeah this year just wasn't the Braves's year... Yeah that's it... Of course it hasn't been our year for the past 12 years, but you know we'll pull it off... Expect to see the next topic coming up soon, I haven't had time to sit down and think about it lately, so I hopefully will have one tomorrow. Clint

 Holy Crap What a Beating Dang dude, I have never seen a smackdown that bad. 45-6. But on the plus side I got to see some long lost friends that I have missed badly. Yep, I only saw two ministers there... The other two were out of town, what's up with that? Last I heard Atlanta is losing and that es no bueno. Adios, Señor Clint

 Stop Judging Another group of people that I have found that people judge and basically reject, is the gothic group. And I have a prime example of this. I won't use actual names, and if that person wishes me to remove the following conversation I shall do so. I was over at this person's house, let's call him/her Joey, and we were watching the VMA's. And the Christian/consecutive (sp?) band Evanescence came out to introduce the next category. Joey and I had begun to be interested in Evan. because they were touring with both 50 cent and Snoop Dogg. Evanescence approaches their music with a sort of gothic feel to it. Joey wasn't completely aware of this and as the band walked out in their black pants and dress. Joey said,"What the heck, I thought they were a christian band." I replied,"They are..." Joey: But why are they dressed like that? Me: Appearance shouldn't matter should it? Joey didn't reply and I didn't want to get into the conversation because it was midnight and we were both tired. But I realized that to a lot of people think a christian is a suit and tie, nice clothes, no piercing type of person. Not all christians are! That's what makes our religion cool, we have all kinds of people who believe Jesus is out savior. And we shouldn't think differently whatsoever because of their appearance. As far as my research goes, Evanescence and P.O.D are the only Christian bands to be published as consecutive and be able to make big sales, and they are the only bands since I have been alive to travel with Ozfest, and the 50 Cent tour. How awesome is that?! We have missionaries everywhere and we don't even know it, because we percieve them to be gothic, but the gothic and the rapper fans listen to this music and get the message that is in it! But that's the problem with our society, we are blinded by judgement, when we don't even have to right to judge one another. We get so caught up in ourselves that we look at others that aren't like us or don't think like us and we say no you're no good I don't like you. And that's why we have such a diverse community, and when I say diverse, it's not in a good way. People have killed themselves because of the way they were judged and shunned (sp?) from the community. The Columbine shooting was caused becuase of the way people tormented those boys and the way they looked for relieve, they looked for comfort in pain, and eventually in death. And as christians we have to be excepting of everyone . Look at our youth ministers, what if Amy-Jo didn't like one of the girls that came to Sunday school. All she ever did was torment her or completely ignore her. That girl would feel like a piece of crap and would never come back toour church again, and would percieve (right word?) the christian community as mean and cruel. If Aaron Bryant, God bless 'em ;), didn't like one of the kids that came through our door and tackled him and made fun of him everytime he saw him, that kid would be headed out the door never EVER to come back. Now think about that in terms of your school, of your workplace. Those places are our church, they are our mission field. We have to be kind to everyone that comes through those doors. That's what I think about goths and judgement in its self. PLEASE tell me what you think or correct me where needed. Writersblock612@aol.com still no comment button sorry. Word, Clint

 Already, I have had a deep conversation with a good friend about the homosexuality issue, thought I would post it. But he/she already asked to be anonymous, and out of respect I will change any names that came up in disscussion. Writersblock612 [4:18 PM]: www.clintonious.blogspot.com Writersblock612 [4:18 PM]: she's good to go * [4:21 PM]: interesting, how do you respond to those who know they're in sin and continue to choose to do so? that's willful disobedience. Writersblock612 [4:26 PM]: that would take time, i can remember Someone I know was doing that, back in the summer, he was goin places with kids that had been to our church like once, and they curse and all that kind of stuff, and whenever they would do they he would say hey dude, why you gotta be talkin like that,and they would correct themselves and I could tell he was taking his time and slowly bringing them closer to Christ... * [4:27 PM]: yes but they are showing a desire to better themselves. What about those who say there is nothing wrong with homosexuality, it is something that should be openly embraced, even if the Bible speaks against it. Writersblock612 [4:29 PM]: hmmm, I guess my reply would be, we should still embrace them with the love we embrace a heterosexual person with and except what they think but still bring them to Christ because what matters in the end is whether they except Christ or not... * [4:30 PM]: ok, I agree but...(give me a second to type it) * [4:32 PM]: You said you knew some homosexuals that are Christian. If they're Christian, they are under the direction of God and jesus (the whole Lord and Master thing). God says homosexuality is a sin. If they, the gay Christian, are not willing to give up homosexuality or seek help, how do you address that. Yes you love them but at what point do you have to go to "tough" love? Writersblock612 [4:33 PM]: hmmmm, thinking.... * [4:34 PM]: it's a tough issue. the great issue of love the sinner, hate the sin Writersblock612 [4:36 PM]: probably, the tough love would have to come in when you have established a great friendship and when you know and he/she knows that they can take the heat and listen.... it will take time, of course, because this isn't an ordinary person who has most likely tried the "God thing" and it "failed" on them, you have to establish the trust of the friend and the trust of God... it think that made sense * [4:37 PM]: but does someone who isn't willing to admit they have a sin issue ever get to the point where they're willing to listen? Auto response from Writersblock612 [4:37 PM]: brb Writersblock612 [4:38 PM]: oooh, so true... hold gotta consentrate Writersblock612 [4:39 PM]: I guess that would on depend on the person, to answer that question you would have to be in that issue, you would have be living out this discussion basically... So, it comes down to the sunday school answer, It's in God's hands... wow *[4:41 PM]: and you know the scary thing, God has given us free will to live as we like. WE can chose to screw ourselves up and God will let us. Scary... Writersblock612 [4:41 PM]: very Thanks for the thoughts * keep it real, Clint

 El Topico Uno Okay, so yesterday I said that I will be starting discussions on what I seem to be dealing with in my life. Today I decided to adress homosexuality and goths... Kind of a mix, but I thought about how people judge them right away. So here we go! I have found that homosexuals (whom I will refer to as gays 'cause it's easier to type :)) are normal. I have met a few gay people in my life, and they are funny, smart, and good people... Now some of them are christians, and a lot of them are not. That is true. But the ones that have decided to follow Jesus, and say that He is there one and only, should not be ignored or kicked out of the church. Of course I'm not saying that the ones who aren't christian should be mauled and beaten in the streets. But when they do come to the church door and want to learn, our arms should be wide open, in truth we have no right whatsoever to judge them and say you're gay get lost. I was making notes last night about what I wanted to say, and I found the kicker, I found the glitch in the matrix. Some people would reply to me, "Well they shouldn't make that decision or that sin ." But then why do you make the decision or the SIN to watch a football game before reading your bible? Why do you curse? Why do you not listen to your parents? Those were sins last time I checked. Yes the decision they make to conduct in homosexual acts is a sin, but so is swearing and so many other things that we do in our daily lives... Any difference? Please correct me if I am wrong, but no sin is worse than the other according to the bible. I want to make one last point, and it's not as signifigant as the others I have made. One of my all time favorite actors is the late Richard Harris. I loved The Count of Monte Cristo, I loved Gladiator, and I think he made Harry Potter good. He's gay. Sir Ian McCellan, (X-Men, LOTR) he's gay also. Dame Judy Dinch, she was M in the latest James Bond movies. She's a homosexual. All the great actors that we loved, are gay. But I didn't know that when I saw X-Men, I didn't know that when I watched the Count of Monte Cristo. They were cool people, and when I found out I said oh well I still like them despite that. In my ignorance I excepted those people. Why those people? Because they were famous, I liked their movies, I liked their acting. But when we meet someone, and we already know that the person is gay. They aren't "cool" they aren't "normal"... What is normal? I'm going to stop here cause I don't want to say to much. I'll cover goths tomorrow. If a comment button isn't at the bottom of this blog... I couldn't figure it out, if it is PLEASE put what you think or correct me if I have messed up. If it ain't there, email me, I want to know what you think cause I'm still trying to see what other people think and what our religion thinks... Writersblock612@aol.com Keep it real, Clint

 Dinner and Jesus Today is Wednesday, meaning we have church... And as you know they serve food before activities. It's not heavenly food, no no no. But it's worth spending your time and your parents money. And you could possibly eat with Aaron Bryant, that's right my friend the one and only church linebacker. You can tell I'm bored can't you. Food serves at 5. Clint

 I've decided that I would like to adress a lot of issues that are going on in my life right now, through the blog. I have made a list of what I'm going through right now and I'm going to start talking about them soon. So here they are: Girls (love or lust) Popularity/judging High School Homosexuals/Goths/Other Religions Reading me Bible TEMPTATIONS Making Prayer a Habit Understanding My Purpose Getting up in the Morning Not Stressing Cursing Keeping Christian Image Those are the subjects I will be adressing fairly soon, I'm going to search through the Bible and ask what other people think before I write about it though, cause I don't want to sound stupid. Keep it real homies, if anybody actually reads this...... Check the blog daily.

 "They say you can immitate anyone. Even their voice." -Nightcrawler "Even their voice." -Mystique "Then why not stay in disguise all the time. You know, look like everybody." -Nightcrawler "Because we shouldn't have to." - Mystique. I like this conversation because it says that we shouldn't have to be like everybody. We should be ourselves and not be judged or ridiculed. Please give your opinion.

 Irony beyond all reason! I blogged just a little about this once before, my tv tends to flicker and die every now and then. And by every now and then I mean daily. So Friday my papa and myself are watching the ole tele while my mom shopped. As we watched an episode of 24 the tv flickered and died. So we sat there for a little bit giving Ferdenand (the tv) a rest. Finally my dad said, "Maybe we should get a new tv". I had desperately been waiting to change the living room cause it is boring as crap. And now was the shot. So when my mom returned from her rather unsuccesful shopping spree we all got in the car, and headed into town just like the clampets. After going to a few tv places such as H.H. Gregg and Circuit City (actually that's all we went to) we found a cough cough 700 dollar flat screen 27 inch HDTV monstrasety of a tv. On top of the new tv which I have lovingly named Fat Bastard, we bought a rather cheap home theater system with dvd. Surprisingly the surround system aint too shabby, especially since we put in THX cables to boost the woofer 8 million times. What's scary about this story is my dad. A while back we went to look for a new head and foot board for my bed... We ended up buying a bed frame, a matress, a bed side table, a new gigantor dresser, 2 new couches for the den, and 2 new recliners for the den also. As you can tell, when you let the little ones roam they don't just roam... They stomp. So we went to buy a simple tv, and ended up with stereos "loud enough to blow the clothes off of women." Naturally my dad and I woke up at 7:30 this morning to test out the system without waking anyone. We've already watched the loudest scenes from The Matrix Reloaded, Pearl Harbor, and all of Star Wars Episode Two. And on deck is The Lord of the Rings The Fellowship. The irony from the story is, the night before the big holiday madness my dad told my mom not to "Spend out the Visa." Then the next day my mom spends barely any money and my dad buys Regal Cinemas. Hope you laughed at this as much as I did, Clint

 Let's give them something to blog about. Well, Thanksgiving was very enjoyable. That's all I can say, but our fridge already smells like turkey and pumpkin pie. Which by the way everyone loved the pumpkin pie (I made it). And now I sit at my computer home alone because my mom and sister got up at the unbearable 5 o'clock to go shopping. And my dad is already back to work at a job site (He's a carpenter). I should have added Finding Nemo to my movie list but it was unexpected. I have to say it was a very good movie. The Pixar Animation writers are brilliant people because they look at life and make it funny from every aspect. (I used Seth's word: brilliant) I also finished Daddy Day Care, and I have to recommend it. I don't care what you say, you will watch it, and trust me you will laugh. It's definetly designed for kids with the physical comedy, but Eddy Murphy is able to slip in the older people humor. Lately I found myself wanting to talk seriously about stuff on this blog, and I can never think of anything worth blogging about. So I've decided that I won't blog as much, even after my fast. But still check up daily becuase I will still be switching the movie and music and stuff like that. I'm going to put a quick prayer request up however. Megan Greene's sister, Dana, and Dana's boyfriend Zach have been "missing" since Wednesday 2 o'clock. So please pray for them and the entire family right now, and if you have heard anything contact either the Greene's or me and I will talk to the Greene's. Prayers do so much, Clint

 Complicating the Simplicity. I found myself comtemplating over what to blog about yesterday. I was going to do the cheesey happy thanksgiving thing, which I ended up doing on the other blog. So I didn't blog. Today all I shall blog about is my sidebar. As you can hopefully tell it has had some remodeling. The CD's are stackable! And my movie watching list has expanded too a small country. The best thing about break is number 1: the food and number 2: the massive movie fests. Yes I realize that Daddy Day Care is up there, but my mom rented the movies, and they were already out of Bruce Almighty. Timeline and The Missing I think I will be seeing today or Friday, not completely sure though. But if one of those two sounds enjoyable call me, maybe we can go together............. Anyways, I thought you might want to know that my bible study has finally become a bible study. Meaning I actually do it, and it's coming along great. As are the grades. Hopefully I will have another short story soon, I used a lot of my thinking juice for the extra credit story though. I only wish I could show you my photography and my artwork, but I don't have a capable server. If I know you, come up to me and I'll show you I usually have them in my backpack. X-2 X-men United is calling now, so I'm going to go watch it. "If I were a fool to think at all." Clint

 "Oh take me back to the stars" I finally saw Elf last night after two weeks of deliberation of whether to see it or not. The begining was hilarious but towards the end it got cheesier and cheesier. The thing I enjoyed about the movie however was the previews. This winter and spring is bringing a slew of great movies. The two that I think will be good that I saw in Elf were Shrek 2, and the live action produced by Universal Peter Pan. It's not by disney which means it will be ultimately awesome. It's got the same actor from The Patriot and the father of Draco Malfoy in Harry Potter. He is a fantastic actor and the whole cast is british meaning it will be awesome. And even more intriguing about the movie is that they played Coldplay during the preview. That was what determined that I'm going to go see it. I hope you enjoy my Christmas wish list, and for the time being I am out. I probably won't blog until Wednesday or Thursday. Maybe Tuesday if making a pumpkin pie doesn't take up my after school hours. "Home, where I wanted to go." Clint

 Breakfast. Yes, I am aware that I am blogging, and yes I am aware that I blogged yesterday. Yesterday was only of convenience to me because I was writing that article for English. Now today I blog because I have finished all of my homework for the weekend and... I have a few things to talk about. The topic I'm going to adress on this blog is what I've read in my bible. I haven't done much, but I have definetly found my favorite verse in the bible. "'Come follow me,' Jesus said, 'and I will make you fishers of men.' At once they left their nets and followed him." Matthew chapter 4 verses 19 and 20. I think this shows how beautiful Jesus was, I think it shows the teeny tiny little taste the disciples got of God. Immidietly they left their nets and followed him. They didn't stop and pack up they didn't say goodbye to their family... They just followed him, I think that shows how awe striking God is. Just what I've learned this week, not much, but it's a lot to me. Go to my other blog to see what I gave Master and Commander The Far Side of the World. Hope the rest of your week is enjoyable. "Nobody said it was easy." Clint

 Muse.com's Big Fall Out. Chicago- Jack Bernhart, president of Muse.com, yesterday announced the company's bankruptcy due to the return of Napster, many board members' resignation, and debts called in by the company's bank. On the steps of Muse.com's headquarters Bernhart told the press, "Every board member was aware of the return of Napster, and they all knew that this quarter would be slow. For some reason, some still saw it a threat and the rest followed there lead." The first member to resign was James Calahan, a well respected business member that is known to resign right before a company's fall out. He was afraid that the next quarter would not pick up the slack of the present one, which only made half of a million dollars; the total projection for the quarter was 3 million. No comments were given by the bankers at Investor's Bank of Chicago. The bank had been with Muse.com since the company began. On December 12 the bank informed Bernhart that all the debts were being called in, a sum of 24 million dollars according to back records. The company did not have the money to repay the bank all the remaining board members resigned leaving the company to Bernhart. -Clint Alwahab (I'm sorry but I wanted to get a preview out, this is a newspaper article about it, that I'm turning in for English)

 "I need a holiday." After recieving the latest progress report from school I have decided that a break is needed. I'm going to follow the foot steps of Patty (and Jesus) and take a sabbaticol from blogging. I think I will only blog on Thanksgiving and Christmas break and maybe then I will be ready to blog again. I'm going to work on school, my photography and art life, my writing, and most importantly my walk with God because it seems to be eating itself. I hope you won't miss me too much. You will probably still see me commenting on Seth's and other blogs, but for now I do not blog. And who knows maybe by the time I get back my mystery readers Elvis Costello and Herbert will start commenting again. (hint hint) If you wanna talk... Don't type. Clint

 Inspiration. So Seth has put the motion back into my step and has caused me to take many "photographic" pictures. I should have them up and running, but like I have said before: dial-up and yahoo as a server. If you haven't looked at the pictures good ole Seth took at retreat, now is the time to do so. They are fantastic, www.awakeland.blogspot.com. Go now. Other than that there isn't much to talk about. Somebody start a conversation on the comment, unlike others I enjoy seeing people talk back and forth. "Breakin' all the ground" Clint

 If I ever talk about love. Shoot me. I'm a loser. I thought I liked this girl I thought she was the one. And now everything is gone. I'm a big loser. I don't know what happened but... No more feelings. Thanks for all the advice although it all went to waste. Moving on... Hopefully within the end of this week I will be able to publish the first draft of American Werewolves . If you haven't heard of me little short story, it's about a big dot com business that goes under. I hope you will like it, and I want advice on every aspect of it. I'm gonna go work on my math cause I might be failing soon. (Amber if you read that, don't tell mom or dad or I kill you.) "Nobody said it was easy." Clint

 "I am the master of my domain." Yes! I finally figured out how to put pictures up. Granted it's not the best size but now you get to see the pictures up close! urlLink My Private Nation is now up and running I'm going to put some pictures up right now. Take a looksie. (Jay tell Aaron to let you look at his email he gets the other blog in his email) "Love your every color" Clint

 Dreads that lock. Our speaker at the retreat was a guy named Chris Brookes (Chris if I got your last name wrong I am sooooo sorry) But I had met him a few years ago at another church camp, I helped him with the sound. Now not to sound racist... cause I'm not... He's white, and he has dreadlocks. Obviously they are the sweetest looking piece of artistry in hair ever. So I went up to him and asked him how he makes the dreads. So he told me how to make them, and now hopefully I will have dreadlocks in a few months, but my mom is still thinking about what to say. So if she says yes... And so when I got back I was talking to one of my friends, I won't say her name, and I said that I might be getting dreads and she actually got mad at me. She is still on the internet right now, I was talking to he like thirty minutes ago and she hasn't said a word to me. So if I do get dreads, don't hate me... Thanks. iBoooooook, Clint

 Back to Normalcy. Well, I'm back from Brentwood Baptist's 2003 Fall Retreat, and look I'm blogging. Many things have I learned, like God is my friend and I can talk to him about anything and He's still ready to listen. I learned that adult leaders that just got back from Iraq like to dress the kids up in his room in full camo. Strange but sadly true. And lastly I learned that Initiation into the Brentwood Baptist High School Guys cabin is pretty disturbing cough-hazing-cough. But anyways, I'm back in action and plan on not being such a retard and addictive blogger. And I now officialy envy Seth Worley of every possesion of his, I want an iBook desperately. God put a smile upon MY face, Clint

 "And now it is time for you to go." Well the 2003 fall retreat for Brentwood Baptist Church starts officialy at 6 o'clock tonight. And I most likely will not blog till Sunday, unless Seth brings his computer which I doubt. Hope you miss me, but not too terribly. I have a few things to blog about, but I have to go pack and I need to sit on the subject a little bit to see if it is true. "I call you up... You pick up." Clint P.S. I finally drew some cool stuff but I can't show it on the internet cause I don't have a server. Hopefully soon you can see it in person.

 "Help!" I need some creative inspiration at the moment. I'm trying to draw something that actually has meaning and I'm totally drawing a blank. I can't even think of anything to write. DANGIT. Give me something to feed off of, gimme an idea. be my muse Clint

 "Here comes the Spider-man! Well I was just browsing around art.com and found the new movie posters for Spiderman 2. And evidentally they aren't selling that great because they are already 18% off. The reason I was browsing around art.com was to talk about winter, because I love the winter time. Not because I get presents around this time, that's no longer a big deal. But just winter, I love it, I love it because this is the time where you can sit in your house with a huge mug of hot chocolate and watch old movies that bring back memories of a much simpler time. And it also reminds me of friendship because every year I am always looking forward to the fall retreat, I've been waiting since spring for this weekend. It's kind of a stress reliever and it's also just a time to get together with friends and just go nuts, and duke it out with the cabin next door. Christmas is a big deal to me, but not for the presents like I said a few sentences up, I like Christmas because that's the time when almost my entire family gets together and we just mess around and joke and do all the stuff and normal family would do. Now I get the feeling I'm rambling, but if you wish me to continue... I won't. urlLink My Private Nation, Clint

 "Life is for living" As I got out of school two hours early today I asked myself how the shortest day we can have in school can be the longest. Obviously it's because everyone in the entire school is aware of the leaving early and they are also aware of the time every thirty seconds. If I had a nickel... I'm not even gonna finish that joke. Me mum and I paid a little visit to the Goodwill store today. I got some great t-shirts for this weekend, very excited. That sentence made me sound like a total rich prick I know, but if you go on retreat maybe you'll understand.... One last thing, I need some tips on how to make 150 dollars by christmas, cause my mom said that if i pay for half of the ipod that i could get one. Ebay, picture selling, and dancing on the streets painted in silver like a robot are my top three. I NEED MORE SUGGESTIONS. "All will be revealed my friend." Clint

 Sugar infested blood stream. Well, we finally finished filming all the conan stuff for the weekend retreat. Before I went however I stopped by Starbucks to have a little pep. I bought a VENTI mocha frap. Holy lord I could feel the sugar seeping through my bloodstream. And then afterwards, I stopped by the gas station on Concord and bought MORE mocha frap. I am literally shaking because of all the sugar, I'm gonna be in intensive care in a few hours if it doesn't stop. WOOOOOOOOO SUUUGGGAAARRRR, Clint

 I'm sorry, how much? Well, lately I have really been wanting to get an iPod because you can now download from a windows. But I went to the Mac online store and found out that the cheapest one is 300 buckos. I told my dad that I would like one for Christmas, then I found the price told him and he said, well maybe in a year when you are 16, get a job and have some money you can do what you want. Word of encouragement I have to say. Oh well, maybe the cheap immitation will suffice, or maybe some serious bargoning would be better. Broke and begining to realize it, Clint

 Waisting life. I know this is an issue that will most likely haunt me for the rest of my life and will never leave the "Table of Problems". People my age, people I have classes with and are younger than me actually, are getting waisted every weekend. And here comes the encore of, "It gets worse," and "It'll happen". But these kids just got into high school for God's sake! Every Monday there is a new story of how waisted they got, and all the stuff they, "Don't remember" because they were, "Sooo waisted". It seems that most the people that I'm hanging around with, either in class or lunch, are all drinking regularly. This has been going on since the third or fourth week of school and I guess today I just couldn't take anymore. I've realized: Either I change the people around me or they change me. I can make the choice, but it's extremely difficult to do that when they're bragging about the night before. And I think the thing that knees me in the crotch is that a lot of the people that were talking about their "wasted weekend" today, will be going to Young Life tonight. If that doesn't bother you, then we need to talk. Comments. "I wanna live in a world where making friends would be easy." Clint

 Cheap, but worthy, advertisement. urlLink My Private Nation is all about art, books, music, and movies. And hopefully soon I will have my own artwork up there. It may sound dumb now, but just you wait Alexander Graham Bell didn't think the world was flat for nothin! (Yes I know what I just said, it was a joke) I need a life, Clint

 Time for a quote. Orison Swett Marden - "We win half the battle when we make up our minds to take the world as we find it, including the thorns." Give me opinions, FEEDBACK PEOPLE FEEDBACK. "I saw stars", Clint

 This is a test, Jay you may end up being the only one that sees this.

 Grr. Well I was for sure that aol would be a server that I could post my own pictures on, but the pictures are gigantor and they take up the whole page... Dangit.

 "You could run a red light." I was looking at Jonny Lang's website the other day and saw that he's appearing on the Late Show on Monday the 10th of November. If you've never heard of Jonny Lang you need to go out and by all of his CD's right now. He's is one of the greatest artists around, I think. But I am completely stoked about the appearance. He's going to be singing "Red Light", granted it's not the best of his music but it will still be good. I am sooo taping it. You should tape it too, Clint

 SHE'D A HOE! Personally I think Britney Spears is a very whorish woman. She's just never expressed it because she started this good little girl image back when she was 18 and now everyone is sooo shocked to see her do all this stuff. That is basically the essence of Hollywood: sex, money, and getting attention. (Except Tyler, you're okay ;)) I have a theory, it's pretty simple really: Hollywood is high school with money. And if you don't make headlines you lose everything. Thought I'd share, Clint

 "Your stock is rising number 2." So I started a second blog today. I know you're thinking WHY WHY WHY?! Well I've been wanting to have an "artistic" webpage but Tripod.com sucks. urlLink My Private Nation is all about art, movies, and books. I hope to find my artistic side and I hope you enjoy it. "No no, we do not knaw on our kitty.", Clint

 Finally a theatrical poster for The Return of the King!

 I don't know why but I feel like watching a classic western on tv today. I wanted to go see Open Range but it's not in theatres anymore. So today will most likely be filled watching an old Eastwood or an old John Wayne. "Why, why, why do you say goodbye?", Clint

 The worlds great men have not commonly been great scholars, nor its great scholars great men. - Oliver Wendell Holmes (1809-1894) The Autocrat of the Breakfast Table - American poet, essayist and physician. I'M SORRY BUT FAMOUSQUOTES.COM IS ADDICTIVE!

 Do you like the new look? (Jay you can't see it.)

 Stop Blog Abuse! I know I'm blogging some today but I wanted to get an opinion. I want to start another website like urlLink Matt Pinto's. I like his because it's organized and it has art EVERYWHERE. And I'm really starting to get into art, but if start putting up art on the blog it'll look messy. Thoughts? livin' life, Clint

 "My Private Nation" See the essence of beauty... Next to God and girls of course.

 Orison Swett Marden - “But how shall I get ideas? Keep your wits open! Observe! Study! Study! but above all, think! Think! and when a noble image is indelibly impressed upon the mind — Act!” I like this guy because he knows/knew exactly where I am coming from. Comments por favor. "What's it like to be the queen of evil?", Clint

 A new aspect on life, because of a movie! I saw The Matrix Revolutions tonight, and my life has been flipped around because of it. I would go into detail but I would give away the movie... And I will say nothing unless you show me the ticket stub, because you have to see I don't care what you say. YOU HAVE TO SEE IT. Love is a beautiful thing, Clint

 Ironic Priority. Well, today when I was sitting in my English taking a stupid quiz I thought how much my priorities have changed from last year to this year. It used to be I would do homework when I got home and my life would be ruled by the computer or tele. (Insert British accent when saying tele) This year however is totally different. Usually my homework takes much longer and I actually have to concentrate because of either pop quizes or because I know exams are ready to hit me with a Louisville Slugger in a month. And today is not a good homework day. I have a Spanish project due tomorrow, which is going good I'm almost done. I have Science which I partially understand, math, geography, and English. So basically every subject. And the irony is I know I need to do this stuff and I've realized what is more important, and I'm here blogging, and I'm about to go see The Matrix Revolutions... Irony beyond acceptance. "Nobody said it was easy", Clint (Any and all quotes in today's entry provided by Coldplay.)

 Erich Fromm - “Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says 'I need you because I love you.'” Sorry I can't help but put this up. Read previous blogs in October and September to get the full scoop. (you'll know the entry is about love because it will have the word love in the title)

 The Choices We Make "I can't change where I'm from, but I can change where I'm going." -Ryan from "The OC" Yes I know I am now Captain Cheese because I quoted from The OC, but I really like it. I think this quote is saying that we can't really change the mistakes we made (aka sins) in our past, but we can change what we do next. We have learned from those old mistakes and now we can decifer (word?) what is right and what isn't. I thought I would share that. More randomness: I have tickets for Matrix Revolutions for tomorrow! So excited baby. I read the newspaper article about it and it said that the original Oracle, Gloria Foster, died in 2001! That's why it's a new Oracle. (Random thought) Danja! Danja!, Clint

 We're sorry! The Bakery is closed. On November 3 of the year 2003, Jeff Venable died. Born only a few months earlier, this young man grew wise and maybe even wiser. He blogged many tales, many were meaningful and many were worthless. In his rough times and his good times, people were there to read his preunderstandingmentism. He will never be forgotten for his weekly blogs as well as his procrastination. You live in our hearts forever urlLink Jefferson. Jeff Venable July 14, 2003- November 3, 2003 -Written by Clint Alwahab

 I know I'm throwing out a bunch of quotes, but I only partially understand this one, help me. "The Creator has not given you a longing to do that which you have no ability to do." - Orison Swett Marden (1850-1924) American journalist, founded & edited Success magazine.

 “All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.” - Orison Swett Marden (1850-1924) American journalist, founded & edited Success magazine.

 If you don't like random blogs, don't read this. I don't really have any "serious" issues to talk/complain about today. So I'll do a little advertising for my first short story which I hope to publish. It's most likely going to be called American Werewolves . No it's not about werewolves that's a cover up title. It will be about America falling into another depression, but we will basically live it like the first time because it's a generation that doesn't tend to listen. I hope to start the rough draft today and most likely by the end of the month it will be publish ready/copyrighted. Oh yeah my house smells like roach killer, my dad got a little bug happy and spray basically the entire house, including my room. So I can't enter my room for a few hours because the toxic wasteland smell will take me to Happy Land where things float. My eyes are watering, Clint

 America Reloaded? I was reading the newspaper the other day, (Not really, I just saw the article lying on the ground) and The Tennessean's (Our newspaper for those of you in Singapore who are confused) Faith and Values section did an article on The Matrix Reloaded. As most of you know I am a fanatic of the Matrix, and I love finding meaningful stuff in movies. I liked the body of the article, but at the bottom of the article they had a box with quotes from the movie. The quotes were obviously just picked because they sounded good. Some of them had a little bit of a good point but they left out some really meaningful quotes. This one I kind of like: The Kid, "I want to join the Nebuchadnezzer. The more I think about it, the more I think it's meant to be. You know, it's fate. I mean, you're the reason I'm here Neo." Neo, "I told you kid, you found me. I didn't find you." The Kid, "I know, but you got me out. You saved me." Neo, "You saved yourself." I kind of like that cause it points out that we find God in our lives. But at the end when Neo says, "You saved yourself." it kind of takes away the fact the Jesus saved us... You know. There are other quotes but I want to get opinions on this. "Watch me now", Clint

 WOOOOOOOOOOO HOOOOOOOOOOOO Harry Connick Jr. November 17!!!!! Jump Little Children December 12!!!!!! WOOOOOOOOOO HOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!

 Tell me if the pictures of like cd's and movies aren't on the right... cause they are suppose to be... tell me yes or no.

 Urnedbay DC-ay. Well, today was another eventful day, after church my sister and I came back to my house so I could change so we could go play in Crockett Park. We ended up staying for about two hours taking a nap. None the less we kept our goals and went to the park with some friends. We played a short game of football then went to Raina's cause it got dark at 5. So Raina and I went to her house, and she urnedbay a dc-ay for me. (That's code so the Fed's don't have anything against me.) So as I type I am soothing my knee to the graceful Norah Jones. Yeah, I'm soothing my knee because I landed on it at the ice rink the other night, full force collision. And then tonight as I tried to catch the touchdown pass I landed on it again only to miss the pass. So now both my knees are messed up, I think I need surgery on one of them. I feel like it's nine o'clock at night cause it's so freakin dark, my body thinks it's time for bed. But it's not so I'm gonna go watch the extended Lord of the Rings. In case I don't see you anymore today, good afternoon, good evening, and good night. Just the same hard candy, Clint

 I don't do windows. Well, tonight my sister had a preteen event. It was ice skating. Of course I had to go because I had been sittin' around all day. So I went, and I have to say, I had fun. Turns out I'm pretty good at it. I used hockey skates none of that sissy figure skate stuff. So I'm a little tired, but I'm still goin. I could probably go on till 3, I did last night. So now I'm rambling, and boring you. Adios muchachos. Skating: the man's sport, Clint

 She loves you, no no no. That title has nothing to do with what I'm about to write I just thought it was cool. Who knows, maybe I will need to you use it in the future....... But for now I want to talk again about this whole high school popularity thing. I hate my directed study, I have these three guys in my class that are pretty much the most popular frosh in the school. One is the starting QB for the frosh team and will be starting next year without a doubt. The other is this kid who is funny, but a complete [Radio Edit]. So anyways they think they're all high and mighty, and then OF COURSE one of the hottest girls in the school is in our class also. And all the guys treat her like meat. And she takes it all. But we have the coolest teacher ever for our directed study, and she has been letting us watch movies! Any movie that I can bring in, seriously, of course we don't put in R's cause some of the kids had a problem with it. But yesterday we were watching The Lord of the Rings The Fellowship of the Ring. (I was inspired by Jay) And we were sitting they're and I was able to pick out who I had heard talking a movie, I'm serious. These freakin' kids would not shut up. I even yelled at a few of them like I had some authority over them. Before we started the movie my teacher said that we wouldn't be able to watch anymore movies except for special occasions. And after seeing these rodents in action I don't want to bring anymore movies. But if I do I'm going to bring something like The Right Stuff or The Count of Monte Cristo, cause they've never seen them before, and they won't talk. Also, I realized in that class how much people don't appreciate movies. Seriosuly, these kids would not stop talking, they wouldn't stop asking questions such as, "What's that", "What's he gonna do", "What does that mean"... SHUT UP AND FIND OUT! I'm gonna go before I do any more damage, tell me if you wish me to continue. It's been a hard days night, Clint

 Here are my new year's resolutions: Don't be so fat, loose the gut, further enhance my creative thinking, explore the artistic world more, don't be afraid to act weird in front of others, by myself, watch more movies, listen to more music, make this blog not so boring, and finally grow with God. It's a long list I know but they are goals I hope to fill. Predictions for this new year will be publised tomorrow. Have fun tonight, don't get to waisted. I know I won't......... Cause you know... I'm 15.......................................

 I think I am the only person in the world that isn't doing anything for New Year's Eve tonight.

 What do you think Mr. Ebert? Well, after much deliberation I have finally made my favorite movies of 2003 list. 5. X-2 X-Men United 4. Identity 3. Peter Pan 2. Pirates of the Caribbean 1. Lord of the Rings The Return of the King Now please keep in mind I never saw 21 Grams, 28 Days Later, Kill Bill, Cold Mountain, The Last Samurai, The Missing and a few others I can't think of. Coming in at ranks sixth and seventh were Finding Nemo(7) and The Matrix sequels(6). I hope this list satisfies someone, I'm not entirely happy with it because I missed out on so many movies.

 Augustine I have made a band that does not exist. I have made music that hasn't been performed. I have made art that only this band knows of, And only I know of this band. I have made a band that does not exist. I totally just made that up. Except for the band art stuff. I have designed cover art for a band which shall be named, "Augustine". This band does not have any members, yet. Nor does it have any music or music sheets. But this band will exist one day, and I hope that they will use my work. Thought I would let you in on the creative department of Clint Inc. (My head)

 For some strange reason I feel kind of different since I have returned from South Carolina. I feel sort of... Left out. I don't know why but it seems that everyone has changed since I left and I haven't changed one bit. I'm not sure why I am saying this but I do not like that feeling.

 There are always those things that will remain 'college founded'. Meaning every kid that went to college from this generation will know what homestarrunner.com is for the rest of their lives. My sister and her friend have been 'homestarrunner-atized'. They listen to Guster and quote Strong Bad every time we get in the car. There are more little habits that I would only know about because of my college sister, but it would take too long to explain. I find it interesting that going away from home can change a person so much, but yet bring us a little closer.... Now I'm babbling so I'm going to leave on that note.

 "Who Am I?" by Dietrich Bonhoeffer Who am I? They often tell me I would step from my cell's confinement calmly, cheerfully, firmly, like a squire from his country-house. who am I? They often tell me I would talk to my captors freely and friendly and clearly, as though it were mine to command. who am I? They often tell me I would bear the days of misfortune steadily, smilingly, proudly, like on accustomed to win. am I then really all that men tell of? or am I only what I know of myself, restless and longing and sick, like a bird in a cage, struggling for breath, as though hands were compressing my throat, yearning for colours, for flowers, for the voices of birds, thirsting for words of kindness, for neighborliness, trembling with anger at despotisms and petty humiliation, tossing in expectation of great events, powerlessly trembling for friends at an infinite distance, weary and empty at praying, at thinking, at making, faint, and ready to say farewell to it all? who am I? This or the other? am I one person today, and tomorrow another? am I both at once? A hypocrite before others, and before myself a contemptibly woebegone weakling? or is something within me still like a beaten army, fleeing in disorder from victory already achieved? who am I? They mock me, these lonely questions of mine. whoever I am, thou knowest, o God, I am thine. Can you relate to what he's saying? How would you put these same thoughts in your own words? Yes, sometimes I do wonder who I truly am, and how I will find myself. I've figured out that finding yourself does not really require searching. You are who you are when you are doing what you like and live out life how you see it and not how others see it. And no matter what people say or do to you, you are still yourself. I hope this is the right kind of response you were looking for. This was in my devotional book, and I thought I would talk about it cause I liked the subject. However, I did not completely understand that poem, so if I messed up or missed some key ingrediant please comment and correct me. Also tell me what you think.

 I have been highly anticipating the release of Peter Pan, mainly because it was one of my favorite disney stories. So I went to go see it with my seven year old cousin and five year old other cousin and family. And having the little kids with us watching one of the coolest origanaly disney movies now awesome movie made it ten times better than it was. I recommend this to all who have ever watched the original cartoon, and try and get little children that cackle when they laugh to go with you.

 Okay, well on the six hour drive to Easley, South Caronlina I made a list of things I would like to talk about. Some are more serious things, others are completely pointless. I'm going to go ahead and get the totally pointless ones out of the way and save the better ones for another day. 1. Imitation of Life by R.E.M. is one of my favorite songs. 2. Coldplay rocks in concert, and I hope to get tickets for this year. 3. Coldplay is working on a new album, but no release date has been announced. 4. More pictures are on the way. That's about it, the more important stuff, and predictions and new year's resolutions are coming soon. Glad to be back home away from my strange family and glad to be back in the blogging world.

 I'm not going to qoute any scripture nor tell you what I got for Christmas, if you really want to know, just talk to me sometime. I'm not going to qoute any scripture mainly because I don't know any scripture for Christmas that would really get a point across and isn't the basic baby Jesus story. So hope you've had a great Christmas and I hope the happiness of it lasts all year.

 Ah the joys of the Christmas Eve Service It's that time of year again, the time when Brentwood Baptist holds the annual Christmas Eve Service. Also the time of year when Steve Gatlin reveals himself for this one-time-only Christmas song. And, of course, the once a year chorus of little babies howling during the best Christmas songs. And evidentally Jesus aint too 'alive' in me this year because right when I lit my candle during the vigil it burned out... Very depressing if you think about it. We laugh at all this, but I think deep down, we wouldn't be able to live with out the glorious Christmas Eve Service.

 Floating Heads I took this back in November, I found the self-timer button and got a little trigger happy and this is what I ended up with. There's not much else to say about this picture, it's just... there. Those that are signed up for my e-blog have seen this before, if you are not signed up for my e-blog click the picture of me praying and e-mail me. Maybe now in the near future I can bring other pictures I have taken, but for the time being this is the only one. Tell me what you think.

 My Christmas Blog Wish My only blogger world Christmas wish is this: those that entitle themselves on the comment button as 'Annonymous' or 'Elvis Costello', stop it and reveal yourself. Don't hide behind a shell. And I know someone out there is gonna give me that crap about it not mattering if I know people's true identity. Don't pull that on me, I don't tolerate bullcrap. That is my Christmas wish, and in extends until the end of time, or at least until the end of this blog. And those in the future that decide to name themselves as 'Annonymous' or some other celebrity name, don't.

 My in-box is a barren wasteland acompanied only by cheap advertisements and updates for music I don't even listen to anymore. Someone please connect me to the real world and email me. I am dieing to have just one normal conversation with a person and not a computer data-base. My email address is linked on the first picture in the side-bar. The one that is me praying. Please speak into the in-box.

 Hope you like what I've done with the sidebar. If I don't have a picture for your blog, maybe seth will take a picture of you and I can use it for a picture since I don't have a server. Tell me what you think of it. (If you don't know who it is, steady your mouse on the picture and it will say like the other pictures do)

 Young Man [Shot from outside a diner window looking at a booth inside, Young Man sits on one side another man sits opposite]: I had a dream the other night about my childhood. Man on other side of table [Same Shot, man looks interested]: Really? What happened in it? Young Man [Forward shot, eye level with character, background other people in tables being served by waitresses]: Well, it started off when I was, I don't know, nine or ten. I was in Sunday school and the teacher was talking about Heaven and that we would be praising God forever. She told us this stuff like we were five year olds, I didn't like it. So I stopped going to Sunday school- Man cuts off youth: In your dream you mean? Youth [Shot from table top (camera resting on table) coffee cup on right side of screen youth taking up the left side, youth is stirring coffee with a plastic stirrer]: Yeah, well no, I stopped going to church when I was about that age also, but I don't remember this happening. Youth continues [Forward shot as before, youth continues to look at coffee-NO EYE CONTACT]: Anyways, I stopped going and then I flashed forward to the first time I got beat up, I definitly remember that.[eyes widen then back to normal-still no eye contact] Then, all my friends I ever had walked up to me and starting telling me everything I ever did wrong. Now that never happened, but for some reason it bothered me, I felt like I was being judged by everyone I thought didn't care what I did wrong. Then I woke up crying, and for the first time in a long time. I prayed. [Young man looks up at the man across the table] Man [Forward shot]: Well I've got a few verses to help you, then maybe you can start going to our youth program at our church. But let's get to the verses first. [Camera slowly moves away from the man as he says this, shot goes through window and audio and video begin to fade as he finishes his second sentence] This was totally just improv-ed right here and now, it was partially inspired by D's blog entry from October. It was origanly in novel form but I decided a movie script would be a better decription of the shots. Tell me what you think, I think it's kinda weird, but I totally made it up as I went so I figured it would be.

 Ah, the element of surprise My aunt's Christmas presents arrived today in the mail, I was the only one home so I decided to open the box to put the presents under the tree. I'll leave this to someone else next time. I opened the box to find my gift on top, in a little bag, and the tissue had fallen out of the bag somewhere along the trip from Columbia, South Carolina to Brentwood. I pulled out the bag only to let the gift fall out of the bag and discover my delima. So for Christmas here's what I know I'm getting: The Two Towers extended edition with statue, Finding Nemo, and Van Morrison 'What's Wrong with this Picture?'. I already knew about the other two because my mother is the easiest person to break. Thought I would share.

 I think I've gotten a little too lost in these things. Luckily I have Katy Hinson to help me every step of the way.

 As I surfed the blogger world looking at Seth's, Ash's, Sam's, D's, Arley's, Kyle's, Kyle Oz's, Ben's, Ben Worley's, Tyler's, and finally my own I realized HOLY CRAP THAT'S A LOT OF BLOGS. In just our little 'group' of friends in Tennessee and those in Waco we probably make up about 1% of blogger.com. All the Vandergriff children have blogs, and they are awesome. Two out of the three Worley's have one, though I think Ben has forgotten what a blog is. urlLink Arley rocks the creative blog with her thought provoking statements. urlLink Little Tyler hopped on the blogging wagon after I introduced it to him. urlLink Tyler has had his for a while talking about his adventures in Hollywood. And the list goes on! I'm not even go further, but if I didn't mention you in the blog, I did in my heart.............

 It was bad Okay Let me give an official review for The Two Towers. If you don't want to read this, don't. The Two Towers had many good aspects to it, I noticed there was more poetic sayings in this than the other two. The Return covered more of the musical aspect, and The Fellowship just rocked. But The Two Towers seemed to put off this feeling as of just having to fill a void and make people say, "Dude that battle was tite". I don't think Peter Jackson approached this film with the right attitude. Some parts of the movie, I thought, were beautifully crafted and well put together, where as others were just there to take up time and make the girls say, "Oh I like her dress". Also as I said Jackson edited out scenes from all three movies that were actually rather nessecary. Then he puts those scenes on the Extended DVD so people will buy them and he can make thousands more money. So in conclusion I hate and love this movie just as Gollum hates and loves the Ring. (I know that was gay, but I had to say it) Please by all means tell me what you thought, or tell me to stop talking about Lord of the Rings.

 Cold be heart and hand and bone, And cold be travellers when far from home. They do not see what lies ahead When sun is fail and moon is dead. -Gollum, The Two Towers

 She's growin on me This movie is increasingly growing on me. I know I said I didn't really like it, but I've watched it for only the third time and I have to say it's getting better. Kind of like a CD, I've just got to get use to it. One thing I dislike however is Peter Jackson trastic editing of vital scenes from the film and putting them on the extended DVD. I watched the preview for the extended edition on the regular DVD and he talked about a scene that was 'a key connection that linked the Two Towers and The Return'. I thought to myself, if it's so important why take it out? Not everyone is going to buy the extended DVD. That's pretty much the only thing I am disapproving of for The Two Towers. Maybe a little disapproval of the romance crap, but yeah.

 I have an extremely bad habit of staying up till the wee hours of the morning watching retarded, pointless tv shows. Last night at 1:30 Elimidate came on. If you aren't familiar with it, it's about these 4 people competing for one person of the opposite sex. So basically it's a bunch of whores giving lap dances to the lucky guy. Then another episode came on, and I felt compelled to watch it. This is what happens at 2 in the morning, you want to go away but you can't because either you are a weirdo who likes elimidate or you just watched a scary movie and can't it out of your head. So I stayed up until around 2:30 and then I went upstairs read my book and finally settled down around 3. DON'T EVER DO THAT. P.S. I'm not the weirdo... I had just watched Identity again. P.P.S. I know the Norma Jean link is weird but I couldn't think of anything to say.

 Dangit, I wish I had money to buy Christmas presents so i could give people i care about something they would enjoy but i'm broke..... as usual.... so all that read this I now send out my love for you.... motsiltoff...

 Another sidebar note, stay your mouse on the pictures and you shall see a little surprise (the name of the picture) if that doesn't happen, tell me.

 Oogan, you rock I don't know if you have ever read urlLink Amber Oogan's blog, but I just wanted to shine the spotlight on her for a little bit. Amber is going through an extremely rough period right now, and the only way I would have ever known about it is through her blog. What I found so amazing is that she is so open about her problems and is aware that she has them. I would never be able to do that, I'm to big of a pussy to ever openly tell people about stuff like that. (sorry for the language Jay) I've found new courage, and hope, in Amber Oogan, you rock Amber and I'm right behind you every step of the way. Everyone please pray for her. Ooganator rules, Clint P.S. I made a few changes to the sidebar (new link to Norma Jean who I have finally found out the true identity of).

 I found myself walking around church today almost asking people, "Are you my Elvis Costello?" Of course I realized how weird this would sound to be asked that, especially if the person had never read my blog. So I will ask it here, though it will not help... Are you my Elvis Costello?

 Exercise? What's that? Whatever happened to the good old days when kids played with action figures, and used their imagination to create little worlds of Batman and an ape from the Planet of the Apes movie fighting together against Megatron? Now-a-days it's the X-Box or the PS2 that does the creative thinking. At least kids actually ran around when they played with action figures, I found myself playing a video game for hours only moving my fingers and my head to see if my mom would bring me some more food. Seems our next generation of America will be fat and blind from staring at a T.V. or a computer for so long. Help this next generation by destroying all video games and make the kids run laps around their own houses. Just a thought, Clint

 WoW I rented this movie today, just finished it about an hour ago, and I love it. This movie was so cool. I'm not going to give a review or anything because I have to watch it again, and I don't want to reveal anything. Go check it out, or buy it... Now.

 In review of chapter 2 (That's a rhyme and I'm no mime) "Why did you let me keep it? Why didn't you make me throw it away, or, or destroy it?" -Frodo "Let you? Make you?" said the Wizard. "Haven't you been listening to all that I have said? You are not thinking of what you are saying. But as for throwing it away, it was obviously wrong. These Rings have a way of being found. In evil hands it might have done great evil. Worst of alll, it might have fallen into the hands of the Enemy. Indeed it certainly would; for this is the One, and he is exerting all his power to find it or draw it to himself." -Gandalf ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ "No. But I suppose one could hammer it or melt it." -Frodo "Try!" said Gandalf. "Try now!" Frodo drew the Ring out of his pocket again and looked at it. It now appeared plain and smooth, without mark or device that he could see. The gold looked very fair and pure, and Frodo thought how rich and beautiful was its colour, how perfect was its roundness. It was an admirable thing and altogether precious. When he took it out he had intended to fling it from him into the very hottest part of the fire. But he found now that he could not do so, not without a great struggle. This is from the second chapter of The Fellowship of the Ring. I found that the ring, in this case, represents sin. And when we want to, or are told to, throw it away and never look at it again, we can't. It's so hard, it's a struggle that will last for a long time. And then when we do think about throwing it aside other people hear about our sins and they use it for 'evil'. They'll spread it around and make it come back and haunt you until finally you give into temptation and fall back into the 'sin routine'. I said the struggle will last for a long time, but it will not last forever. Just as our young hobbit has come to find. Scanning for more substance, Clint

 Fellowshipping with the Ring I know I just wrote a movie review for The Return of the King, but I realized I liked writing a movie review so much that I'm writing one about The Fellowship of the Ring. I stated in the last review how much I loved The Fellowship. Allow me to restate it. It was awesome . The film started off peaceful and happy, and as the movie progressed it slowly turned into something bigger than what the characters could handle, but there was no turning back. The peacefulness that was at the begining brought you closer to the characters and made you actually care about them. Then slowly as the danger increased so did your worry for them. Any film that can capture the audience and make there heart pound as fast as the character's heart appears to be is a wonderful film. This movie was also good because it introduced a new era in film making. It has changed the way Hollywood looks at book-movies and has left an imprint on this generation. The music is timed perfectly with this film. Again back to the happiness in The Shire, the music is simple and comforting. But when the enemy arrives it is hard, loud brass instruments that make you fear what lurks around the corner. This film has shed a new light on filming making and script writing to me and I think it will have a lasting impact. Please give feedback on what you thought of the film, and what I have said. My Two Cents, Clint

 Now wait one second I want to reasure my fellow reader's that a favorite movies list is coming soon. But there are still movies waiting to be watched, The Last Samurai will hopefully be seen this weekend. Big Fish and Peter Pan premier Christmas, and Raina said Peter Pan was awesome. (She went to the sneek) The Missing is also on my list, as is Identity. So those are still on my to do list, December 31 I will make public my favorite movies of 2003 list. Patience is a virtue.

 Free at last! Finally, the week of torchure is over! And I made a ninety-five on my algebra exam! So happy to be out for Christmas and everything in between. And so the movie saga begins. As you can see from the sidebar I am already watching quite a few films. I decided to go with The Fellowship of the Ring for reading because I only got two votes for the book, and I left that book at school on accident. A new little category is on the sidebar as you can now see, 'Mom's Choice' will bring you information on the latest movies my mom has ordered from Netflix.com. This is her only way to rent the cheesy and stupid movies that she wants to see because I do not permit them to be rented in front of me, so they arrive in the mail. Anger Management was a terrible movie, I'm sorry if you liked it but I severely disapproved of it. So naturally my mom ordered it! Well, I'm going to go watch the Extended Edition of The Fellowship, and eat some Campbell's Soup. Man it's great having no school. Infinitly, Clint

 Hey you're special! But not for that reason! Um, what is it that makes people feel so special or overruling when they knew about something before it became big? Seriously, I've gotten a lot of criticism before about doing something after it made hollywood (or whatever). Like Lord of the Rings, I had no idea what it was before the movie, but now I like the books more... Some people still argue about them knowing about it before I did. Who gives a frick?! I don't know maybe I'm just rambling. Please comment on my rambling I'm feeling kind of lonely not having any comments lately, especially when I asked for advice from people I look up to and I still have no comments.

 So did I miss the memo about pajama bottoms at school this week? Good heavens everyone is wearing their pj's... I'm even considering wearing MY pajama's tomorrow! This is crazy!

 The King has returned As you know I saw The Lord of the Rings The Return of the King yesterday. Before I get started on the review I want to point out, as Seth has, those who are so dedicated to these films and books please do NOT clap in the middle of the movie when it is most inappropriate. Thank you. Now to the movie! I saw the first movie the weekend it premiered and fell in love with it, just as others have. But unlike others I was able to contain my lust for the books and calm myself for the next movies. And I was also able to find actual values in both the books and movies, unlike others. The Fellowship of the Ring, in my mind's eye, was a beautifully, well put together film that was not credited enough come award time. The Two Towers was not good as its predasesor because it seemed to me that they were aiming for more 'attraction' to the viewer by going into a love story that didn't exist in the book, and there was too much comedy. Not good. The Return of the King I found to be a beautiful movie that included enough story from the book to make it a good movie. And they even left out a big chunk of it! The war scenes were delicately coreographed with the computer animation, and the computer animation was even difficult to tell apart. The music was timed perfectly with all the scenes which I was approve of greatly, because without music a film is cut at the knees. Gollum's character is delivered so procisely perfect that even I was blown away. The only thing I have to gripe about, is the prolonged scenes of standing on an edge and not making a desicion, and the slow motion happiness where everyone is smiling but it's slow motion. Not good aspect to a film. Other than that the film is now one of my favorites. I hope you will witness the beauty soon. New movie critic, Clint

 Well, quite a trick Amber Alwahab pulled today, quite a trick. She said she would be arriving home for Christmas on the 19th... Her birthday is the 18th and this pissed my mother off a good bit. Well, when we arrive from The Lord of the Rings movie we see her car in the driveway and lo and behold she came home! So now she's here and we are happy. And hopefully tomorrow or Friday I will tell you what I thought of the 'Return' because it would take too long to do right now, and I have a sister to talk to. Have a good one, don't forget to vote on the book, and pornography is now NOT a reader's selection. Thank you.

 Straight Jacket of Consciousness I could never think the way urlLink Arley Hinson thinks, and for that I am eternally envious. As urlLink D put it: "Arley is one of the funniest, most insane, creative, and selfless people I know. Whatever you do, don't try to make too much sense of what she is saying, Arley has a unique style of being thought provoking and random at the same time and that's why i love her" She is so random, but yet so thought provoking and lesson learning that it's amazing. I only wish that one day I will be able to have at least a day in her mind. I think I don't think like her because from 6th grade through the beginning of this year I have been striving for the 'perfection' that the media and the peers at my school want. I think it began the first time the people in my class were having a party in 6th grade. I saw the girl giving the kid across from me and invitation, and I thought alright I get one next... She never gave me one. And from then on up to 8th grade I was always tweaking my look and trying to look as 'cool' as possible, and so because of those long years of being conscious of everything I do, I turned into this weirdo that worries about everything he says, does, and gives the appearance of to others. And I hate it, I'm trapped in this 'straight jacket' of consciousness and I'm no Houdini. I don't want to be conscious, by conscious I mean aware of my imperfections and care about them, I want to be unconscious. So hopefully through time and patience and a little help from those I look up to (Seth, Arley, Darren, Patty) I can unloose the straight jacket, and be myself.

 You Decide 2003! Well, now that I have finished "Orbiting the Giant Hairball" I am having some difficulties deciding which book I should read. I have: The Winter King (A King Arthur book)- The Silmarillion (Tolkien)- Eaters of the Dead (Crichton)- and The Fellowship of the Ring (re-read). And I want you to decide! Pick one of these or even a book you would suggest. It's a group effort people I need a majority rules thing goin' SO VOTE!

 265 questions and I'm still standin' Day One is over. I was a little worried about my Wellness (aka P.E.) exam, but it turned out okay. Geography, no worries, I've had a 97 all year. Tomorrow, though, I have the feeling is going to be my D-Day. I have Spanish 2 and science (just to brag: honors science) tomorrow, and it doesn't look pretty. Spanish I know about 3/4 of it, but it's the listening and making up 27 sentences in spanish with different verbs and subjects that worries me. And science... Well Hitler is our teacher, so it doesn't look good at all. I know the problems that we have to work out and stuff, but the vocab is the real blow to the crotch. On top of that I have had a migrain since we started the first exam this morning, and I used up pretty much all my brain cells today. Yet again the only thing getting me through this week is The Return of the King and I gots me a ticket. (that could me two different things... Church ministers I want a report on the two different meanings to that saying on my desk tomorrow morning! Pronto!) I better go......... The Nazis are coming! The Nazis are coming! Clint

 A New Hope Well, I finally got to analyze what happened yesterday and put it into words. And I have to say it was a good experience. I'm sure I have a lot of you on the edge of your seat dying to find out what happened. And I'll tell you. I went to jail. Jay asked a few people to go and visit this guy and let him tell his story and what has happened to him. So I went. This guy's story is amazing, it took so much for him to see God right in front of his face. But when he did see Him, he knew it was God. And hopefully he will be able to get out of prison a little early, because he has shown that he has changed ways. There was so much hope in this guy, and so much trust in God and he is just a baby in Christ. That's so amazing that he is putting all his trust in God and just waiting to get out. The Chaplan asked him if he could sum it up in one sentence what would it be. "Find God before He finds you." The inmate said. And I think that's awesome because he learned that if God has to find you first, He's going to stick it to you and even send you to jail. I just felt the need to share, give feedback if you please. Clint

 "exams suck. (but theoretically speaking, they dont actually suck, as it is more a force of being pushed in rather than sucked due to pascal's law, which states that the pressure of a fluid or final exam spreads evenly throughout the container or your mind proving that such highly influential test such as exams dont actually suck, but instead realy realy blow )" Way to put it into words brad.

 Is anyone else constipated? Sorry about the title... I just felt randomness was nessecary. And actually the only reason I am blogging today is because my dad is at the room in the inn program and my backpack is in the car. DANGIT! So until he arrives home, I can't study for the exam I am going to fail. Oh well, it was a lost cause anyway. I would blog about what happened today, but I would have to include names and I'd rather (was asked not to) not use names. I will however rub it in that I got my Lord of the Rings ticket for Wednesday 4:00. Other than that there isn't much to say, hopefully I will be able to live through tomorrow, blog you then.

 The awe of the Story I was thinking about this today while Mike was talking. (it was hard to pay attention today) I think it's really cool how one story (The story of Jesus) can effect the time of year. I mean, December: Christmas, celebration of Christ's birth. Easter: only a few months later, the Celebration/ kind of mourning of Christ's death. I started to drift and wondered what it would be like if the Birth and the Death occured in the same month. What if Jesus was born in June and died in June also... Age differences of course, but what would that be like? One week we would get a whole lotta presents, and then the next week the easter bunny gives chocolate! What a mixed up society we would have... December break would be Chonoka (sp?) break... or Kwanza break... and summer break could be called Chreaster break!!! From now on my summer break is called Chreaster break... and Christmas break.... well..... it can stay Christmas break. Oh yeah, I sincerely love the idea of urlLink Seth and his family's tree being a twig instead of the conventional tree... Wish I had thought of that.... oh well.... Clint

 A Dark Era is Over Well, after almost a year of searching and fighting for Saddam Hussein, he has finally been captured. Found in a 'spider hole' on a farm in Adwar, Saddam gave up rather easily even though he was manned with two AK47's and another military weapon. I'm sure you know the rest of the story but I wanted to share the good news and mark it on my blog.

 Creativity Creativity has actually become a new vocabulary word to me believe it or not. Ever since I began to read the book 'Orbiting the Giant Hairball' I have seen what I like to do (writing, drawing, photography) as 'creativity' not art. Because creativity lives inside all of us, we just don't think it does because the way the picture looks in reality isn't what we had in mind. You're not bad at drawing, you're awesome. There is no bad, there is no good. Because what truly comes down to good and bad is judging... And judgment on the art piece isn't decided by just the outcome of the picture, but by what the judger thinks of the person. You are creative only if you want to be, and I really and truly hope you want to be. And that's that, Clint

 I have the feeling that this week will be one of the longest weeks of the school year. The only thing that is giving some incintive to make it to Wednesday is The Return of the King. I believe I'm purchasing the tickets tomorrow, Fandango style. And then Thursday and Friday have their perks. Only one exam Thursday because I have directed study for 3 hours allowing me to catch up on my studies that I missed on Wednesday, and Friday... Well.... Friday is the glorious, holy matrimonial day that the dear sweet Lord granted we pathetic humans to indulge in. And then after that it's Christmas! Man these things sneak up on you! November felt like two days long and then WHAM! Merry Christmas, eat some cake!

 Arley Barley urlLink Arley seems to put everything in the right words. Her latest blog is about her boyfriend, and that's what I've finally come to realize that I want........ a boyfriend? NO. LOVE. I want to be stupid with Her, not the her I have spoken of before, but Her. The one that will be. I want to goof off with Her and we both have fun. I want to go crazy and drive off somewhere and we both have the time of our lives. I want to be serious when we want to be and we both listen to one another. I want to be able to draw something, and She not have one problem with how ugly the drawing is. Or how ugly I am. When shall this beauty reveal herself? Only God will say, but I hope it's soon. Arley you rock, Clint

 Scrutinizing my psyche Today has been a whirl-wind of subconscious thinking and enlightenment to my brain. (Thanks thesaurus.com) I have been thinking about so much stuff unintentionally that if I blogged about it all, it would take a very long time to read all of it. The stuff I have been thinking about has just come up in my brain and I started thinking about it, I didn't care, I just started talking....... To myself. Maybe over the next few days I will be able to inform you of my opinions on life, art, creativity, and individuality. However for now, I am going to go take care of the crick in my neck. And then sit down, try to study, lose my sanity in the studies and decide to draw or finish my book. I would ask you to join me, but losing my sanity is kind of a one person thing. Have you met Lisa my invisible girlfriend? Clint P.S. My replacement for the word obsessed: engrossed or captivated.

 At the epitome of age envy I dislike age limits on concerts. urlLink 3rd and Lindsley had Jump Little Children perform live last night. I desperately wanted to go and see them, but it was an 18 or older show. This was also going to level out the playing field between my sister and I because she got to see them in Charleston. And now the one time they have a band I want to see and it is general admission I can't go because it is on a Sunday. DANGIT! Sister Hazel cometh and Sister Hazel playeth, but Clint does not see-eth. So I've decided that a boot legging of the concert is neccesary. Don't worry, urlLink Lightning 100 is playing them on the radio when they perform, so I will just push the record button and presto I have the concert. That's pretty much the only upside to this story... The major downfall is I have exams this week... And I can't study because studying is impossible for me. I can't just read a textbook and soak up all the knowledge, I have to interact I have to have something to relate it too, that's why math tests are usually pretty easy, cause I'm working the whole time...... Strange...... The calm before the Storm, Clint

 True Talent A talent is not something that comes up to you one day and says hey I'm you talent. You have to find it... When you do find the talent, if you start to lose patience with it or leave it hanging, it's not your talent. It's not your talent if your best friend can do it. It's your best friend's talent, but not yours. So once you find a talent, stick to it, and love it then it is your talent. I like to think my talent is 'Creativity'. It may not sound like a talent to you, but playing football isn't a talent to me, it's just running around carrying a pig to a piece of grass to me. I just started typing whatever came to mind, and that's what it was. I think I'm going to start doing that more often. (typing whatever comes to mind)



 Is the template still the same as it has been or is it different? My computer is weird.

 "so some may say.....wait.....i don't know what some may say....but i guess that is the whole point of being me and not everybody else....it makes life what it is....mysterious...." urlLink Arley , I couldn't say it better myself.

 Lately I've found myself trying to think up quotes so that Seth will put them on his blog. I need to stop... So if I say something and it doesn't seem relavent or anything close to what I would normally say, smote me.

 Well, I have been inspired by this book. "Orbiting the Giant Hairball" by Gordon Mackenzie, it may sound like a strange book, but it is unargueably one of the best books a person could ever have the oppurtunity to read. urlLink Seth recommended it to me, and God bless him for all eternity for doing so. If you are an artist or wish to be one, this IS the book to read. Not reading it is NOT an option. Now that the inspiration is in place, and the creative juices have begun to leak from the confines of my brain I believe some drawing is neccesary. As well as some planning for artistic Christmas gifts. Lift off in 10... 9... Clint

 "Creative genius is about flying to new heights on untested wings." -Gordon Mackenzie "Orbiting the Giant Hairball"

 There is something about worshipping and just hanging out with other Christians that makes a person feel so loved that only God's love can seem greater. Wednesday nights will be missed, but not forgotten.

 Everything is falling into place...

 For the love... Just tell me! Um, so I am suppose to have Great Expectations finished by.... right now..... I have an essay due this Thursday on it, and I have only been able to read twenty pages of it because it is so insanely complicated, and the book was due back at the library today. What I did read was pretty interesting I actually enjoyed the parts I read, but time was my limit... Hints the weird Salvador Dali picture four entries down. So if any of you have read this book, and would like to tell me how it goes and what happens BE MY GUEST. I might try and read it again over Christmas vacation but I have other books on the list. Of course, I just found out that my mom has owned the book this entire time, so I'm going to get a little bit more reading in before the report. Oh well. DANGIT, Clint

 Oh my gosh this looks like one of the most brilliant movies ever! Go to moviefone.com or whatever moviesite you like to go to and search for Big Fish. It's by Tim Burton and it has some awesome actors... CHECK IT OUT.

 Burger King Missionary. After church on Sunday my father and I went a little money saver eating at Burger King. We met a young girl that goes to Overton High by the name of Sajita. She came over to my dad to talk to him because he spoke arabic to her when we made our order. My dad tends to do that when he sees someone that is arabic. It may sound rude or cheesey but the outcome was pheonominal. We began to talk about Christianity and Islam, and my dad told his testimony in a short "summary" (if you will). Sajita is muslim and we talked about our religion and she sounded VERY interested in our religion. And as we got in the car after the very intriguing conversation, my dad said, "The only thing holding this girl back is her father. If she didn't haven't her Muslim father there holding her back, she would come to the Lord in a heartbeat." I thought that was so cool that we could witness to these people at BURGER KING! Dad's cool points went up by a billion, Clint

 Another fantastic description of myself... Don't ask.

 You have no idea how much this describes me.

 If you strive for perfection you will get knocked down, but learning from the skid marks is the only way to know whether or not you're going to fall down again. After what good ole Herby said on the comment button from the entry below, I came up with my own little quote. I also thought up: Strive for perfection, but learn from the skid marks. I'm not completely sure which one sounds better, but give me your thoughts.... please....

 "If we put the emphasis upon the right things. If we live the life that is worth while, and then fail, we will survive all disasters, we will out-live all misfortune. We should be so well balanced and symmetrical, that nothing which could ever happen could throw us off our center, so that no matter what misfortune should overtake us, there would still be a whole magnificent man or woman left after being stripped of everything else." - Orison Swett Marden

 urlLink If any of you feel the sudden urge to buy me a gift, click the clock and you will be taken to the Get Fuzzy gift shop :). Anyways, if you have not signed up for the "E-blog" click Sign up to recieve my photography on the sidebar and let me know.

 That much? THAT MUCH... If any of you have looked on the sidebar lately you will have seen that for a week now I have been listening to David Crowder Band "Illuminate". I'm sure a few of you have thought, oh he just hasn't changed it. Trust me, it's there for a purpose. All week I have been astounded at the sounds that can be put together by one man. This is album is so amazingly fantastic that I now command you to purchase this CD immediatly. It's somewhere around 15 dollars at The Family Christian Bookstore (for those who live in Tennessee). Please buy it, Clint

 DeGoditizing in Progress. I've been "deGoditized" by the corporate drones of America. Big words I know. Let me make it easy: the whole no Christmas or God in school is starting to take over... Whenever I see anything to do with God in school, I think is that allowed? Is that right? Should that be allowed? I'm really starting to get sick of it too. Of course it's allowed! But the America thinks it isn't. Luckily I'm not restricted like our teachers, but it's really annoying me that they can't express their religion or even TALK about it! Example: in our "candy room" at school the mothers of students work there. And the other day as I purchased my candy, the mother that helped me slipped me a candy cane and said, "Merry Christmas". The thing I should have done was say, "Thank you, merry Christmas to you too!" but instead I was caught by surprise didn't know what to say and simply walked out THINKING, "Is she allowed to do that?" Later I realized what I had said and got very mad at my very retarded and deGoditized brain. Give feedback please, I want to know what you think. Trying to be myself, Clint

 I've been reading this comic strip for a few years now, and I can't get enough of it. urlLink Get Fuzzy. Go now.

 Lord of the Rings, Matrix, Matrix, Beauty and the Beast... Well, Seth and a new friend Dane were talking about their favorite movies of all time, and I realized I have never made that list. As movie crazy as I am, I have not made a favorites list. These are not in any particular order that woudl be too hard, so here goes: The Lord of the Rings The Fellowship of the Ring The Sting (Robert Redford) Ocean's Eleven (2001) What Dreams May Come (Robin Williams) The Matrix Reloaded Jurassic Park The Good the Bad the Ugly Pirates of the Caribbean The Right Stuff The Count of Monte Cristo There you have it, the top ten... for the time being... no doubt that list will be changing very soon.

 I did this! Well, I have tried everything to publish my pictures to the internet, but nothing seems to work. So last night as I was trying to sleep I thought about a "news letter". If you wish to see my photography and other projects I'm doing I'm going to start emailing them. Pretty much every email address I have right are already on the list. All you need to do to join is click the button on the sidebar entitled "Sign up here to see my photography" (something like that) and put your name in the title of the email and tell me that you wanna join, and you will soon recieve art, photography, and written pieces that I have done. Sounds cheesey but I really want to show off my art work. Being myself, Clint

 Myself... At last. I've finally found myself. I'm that kid who stands in the corner when everyone is talking and doesn't care. I'm the kid who makes friends with the kids that are like him... They aren't cool because no one is "cool" because none of us really know what "cool" is. I've finally found out what love is. Love is two way. Someone loves somebody, and that somebody loves them back. And that someone and the somebody become love. I've finally found out that money doesn't really matter. You shouldn't decide your future and your job on how much money you will make. You should decide what to do by what you WANT to do, but still be aware that the future is only told by God. The picture under the words "Myself" describes me so much I think. So the picture will stay, and so will I. Finding Myself, Clint

 Did I just say that? I was talking to my friend who is really down in the dumps right now. She was explaining to me how she sees all her friends have "lovers" and how she wanted to be in love too. And this actually came out of me... I have no clue where but it happened, "but don't let love get in the way... trust me if you keep thinking that you need somebody to love... you're gonna die sad depressed and loverless... love doesn't just hit you... it comes when it comes... you can't look for love... it looks for you". Scary huh?! I never thought I would be able to say that!

 Approval Well, I watched the pilot and a second episode of The Tracy Morgan Show tonight, and I really did like it. Some of the jokes weren't funny, but most of them were hilarious. And the kids add and extra good feeling to it. Another brand spankin' new episode will be shown on Thursday at 7:30. Watch it, Clint

 "I think God made me the way he did because anything else just wouldn't suffice." -Myself American Werewolves. Jack Bernhart sat in the back of his limousine in a car garage in west Chicago. He was waiting for someone, an investor in his dot com business. Jack saw a black Mercedes race up to the limousine. James Calahan stepped out of the car and opened the door next to Bernhart. Calahan sat opposite Jack with a look of sorrowful guilt. Calahan spoke first, "I want out Jack. I've seen barely any production the last few months." "What the hell are you talking about? We made over four million dollars last quarter." "Yeah, last quarter. We're already half way through this quarter and we were lucky to make half a million,' Calahan replied quickly and defensively. "Jim you can't do this to me. All the board member knew this would happen. I mean Napster just came back for God’s sake. Every teenager in the world downloaded from them," Bernhart began to sound frightened. "I will be turning in my resignation first thing tomorrow morning." Calahan got out of the limo and bent down and said, "Jack, I’m sorry." Bernhart shut the door with extra force almost clipping Calahan's nose. He pushed the intercom above him and said, "Frank, take me home." Bernhart sat at the end of a long table in the center of the room. Every chair on each side of Jack was filled by old, balding men with pens in their hands and a manila folder in front of them. Except for one chair on Jack's right, it was unmanned. "Well, there's no avoiding this, gentlemen. James Calahan turned in his resignation form this morning," Jack said hoping to move on without question. "Why?" asked a board member on Jack's left. "Well, he thought the business was going nowhere because of the latest production. Of course we all knew that production would be a little slower, what with Napster and all." He said this with a slight laugh but it quickly trailed. Silence now swept the board room. Bernhart looked around worried that others were thinking the same as Jim. He quickly said, "I was looking at the latest re—" "I will-a resign too," a small Japanese man interrupted. "I'm sorry?" Jack said looking up from his paper. "Meesta Calahan was right, I want out too," the Japanese man said calmly. "Please Mr. Matsui, don't do anything rash." Jack pleaded. "Rash? Rash?!" Mr. Matsui's voice was rising. Mr. Matsui got up quickly, collected all his things, and briskly walked out of the room shouting obscenities in Japanese. Jack picked up the telephone and asked his assistant to stop Mr. Matsui. "Um, meeting adjourned," Bernhart told the members. Jack's assistant said she could not stop Mr. Matsui, and he had left. Jack walked over to the large sign on the wall with the words, "Muse.com" and slammed his head against it many times. ---------------------------------- Jack arrived at work the next day to find that three more investors had resigned. Panic was overcoming his entire body like cud zoo on a tree. If anymore investors were lost his company would go under. The telephone on his desk screamed, interrupting the silence. Jack picked up after the second ear-piercing ring. "Mr. Bernhart," a small voice sounded in the receiver. "Speaking," Jack said slowly. "I'm calling from Investors Bank of Chicago. We would like to have a word with you as soon as possible. Is there a specific time that would be okay sir?" asked the tiny voice. "Give me an hour," Bernhart said suspecting the worst. "All right sir, we'll see you in an hour," the voice said. Bernhart slowly placed the receiver down on its hook as he heard the dial tone sound. He knew this wasn't good, the bank never called him. In fact, he was lucky if he could reach them on the phone. Jack entered Investors Bank of Chicago one hour later, and was told by the receptionist to go to room B201. Bernhart found the door in a long corridor of bland wooden doors. B201 was special, however, it had the words CUSTOMER SERVICE AND TERMINATION written on the door. ------------------------------ Jack rode back to his office in his limousine. He was completely speechless, he looked as if his brain had been fried, and all he knew was to give a blank stare. He was going to have to sell his house; he would have to buy a cheap used car. He would have to tell the board members. That was what scared him most. He was going to stand before these money-hungry, blood-sucking, investors and tell them the company is bankrupt. Bernhart began to shake, and he couldn't stop. This wasn't the kind of shaking like his AA days, he was having a seizure. As he realized this, he had a sharp knife-like pain in his mouth, he had bitten his tongue. He began to feel the blood running out of his mouth. Then Bernhart started to see a white cloud cover his vision and he passed out. ------------------------------- Bernhart woke to the sound of a heart monitor beeping to the beat of his heart. He had woken up earlier only to find that one board member remained on staff, and he had visited to say he was resigning also. How could his life end up like this? Jack arrived home to find a stack of bills in the mail. It seemed as if everyone in the world realized he owed them money and they wanted it now. Suicide was interrupting all his thoughts. He couldn't finish a sentence without suicide creeping up. The doctor said if he had not collapsed the way he did, he would have choked on his own blood. He was beginning to wish he had fallen the other way. Suicide was inevitable now, it was all he could think about. Bernhart went into the bathroom and began to run hot water in the bath tub. He then walked to the kitchen and grabbed a cutting knife. Jack stripped down to nothing; still holding the knife he entered the tub full of hot water. Bernhart raised the knife to his left wrist, right as he pressed the blade to his skin the doorbell rang. Clint Alwahab That's my official first short story. Hope you liked it, give me feedback on what you think.

 Rock on urlLink Remy. If you've never heard this band, now is the time to listen in.

 "Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we can." - Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882) American philosopher, essayist, poet & lecturer.

 Nightswimming Nightswimming deserves a quiet night. The photograph on the dashboard, taken years ago, turned around backwards so the windshield shows. Every streetlight reveals the picture in reverse. Still, it's so much clearer. I forgot my shirt at the water's edge. The moon is low tonight. Nightswimming deserves a quiet night. I'm not sure all these people understand. It's not like years ago, The fear of getting caught, of recklessness and water. They cannot see me naked. These things, they go away, replaced by everyday. Nightswimming, remembering that night. September's coming soon. I'm pining for the moon. And what if there were two Side by side in orbit Around the fairest sun? That bright, tight forever drum could not describe nightswimming. You, I thought I knew you. You I cannot judge. You, I thought you knew me, this one laughing quietly underneath my breath. Nightswimming. The photograph reflects, every streetlight a reminder. Nightswimming deserves a quiet night, deserves a quiet night. I mentioned this song when I blogged about A Rush... , allow me to rephrase: it's amazing. I am learning it on piano at the moment, and it is so amazingly good, it's just a few lines of notes but it makes the song sooo awesome. If you haven't picked up Automatic for the People or The Best of R.E.M. now is the time to do so, and go straight to Nightswimming when you get it. If you don't cry when you hear it you obviously do not have a soul.

 Finally reality hit me today. I don't want to actually pay money to just keep a website up. Unless it is for my job, which I don't have, or I am getting payed to pay for it, which I am not. So the url voting is now obsolete. Sorry.....

 "Everything here has got something!" Marge Simpson in Brazil on a family trip. Can anyone explain a meaning to this? It sounds cool, but I can't completely explain it.

 High Fidelity Lately I have become more interested in non-fictional stories by down to earth writers who know what the ugly high school was like. So from the recent hails of grattitude from Seth Worley, I have decided to read High Fidelity. After this I will be viewing the film.... I'm not very far into it, but I already enjoy his writing and his outlook on the topic: sex and dating. I will update you on what I think of it as I progress through it.

 If you do not have something productive or intellegent to say on the comment button, do not say it. There are some people out there that have different opinions than I do, they read this blog evidentally, and post comments that are neither beneficial to their opinion nor to the world. So I will repeat: If you have nothing good to say, don't say it.

 Okay well, as you can see I have changed the look of the blog, I don't have time to explain why, nor update it even more because i'm going to go watch 24 disc one season 2 now. I'll have it updated by tomorrow evening.

 Okay, well here's the deal everyone. I have found another online company worthy enough to replace the blogspot blog. Once I conjur up the money I will be purchasing a domain without a .blogspot or a .whatever... So what I need you, the reader, to decide is the name. Here's what we got so far, and if any of you Matt Genitempo and friends comment I will hunt down your family and slaughter them in the night: thelavalamp.com pinklavalamp.com [or other cool color] thepinkrobot.com pinkrobot.com clintoniousproductions.com themindofanamericanpsycho.com monarchy.com americanmonarch.com waitingtobetamed.com wordsofinsanity.com americanwerewolf.com That's all I have for now, if you have a suggestion please say it, but say which one you like of this group as well. Keep in my mind the page will still say Clintonious Productions, this is simply the url. P.S. I will be adding more as time passes by.

 Corny Thought? Probably... But Cool? Definitly I'm really enjoying the recent sermons that Mike Glenn, BBC pastor, has been giving. I'm so glad we are getting serious with the sermons and addressing specific issues. A few weeks ago he talked about worship. Jay, our youth minister, also talked about worshipping that same day. One thing that stuck in my mind was what Jay said. He said that worship is whatever you want to make it, and that there are different forms of worship. I like that because I am re-assured that when my ADHD kicks in during worship, it's okay because I can worship the way I want later on. I can come home and start drawing on my dry erase board and if I put my heart in it, I can give it to God. I could go out and shoot (photographs) for two hours and worship the whole time, and the pictures could be a form of worship too. Rather corny blog I know, but this is kind of a lift me off into 'serious blogging' mode. If you want the silly, crazy side of Clint Alwahab there is a way to get your fix. I have an 'e-blog', I made it up myself actually. I started it before I knew how to reduce picture size and before I knew AOL was a server. I send my digital photographs pretty much weekly, sometimes more, and you get to know how it was made, what it means to me, and you get to listen to me make stupid jokes. What more could you ask for? You can sign up by clicking in the 'links' section under 'blogs', 'E-Blog Sign Up'. Simply put your name as the subject of the e-mail, tell me you would like to be put on the list and sha-bham! you're in. (Yeah, I used the word sha-bham, sorry.)

 A Few Steps Further I've decided not to blog... as much. Due to the fact that I am a selfish, unfunny blogger. I think after a certain amount of blogging you get very self-righteous about yourself and get away from blogging about the important stuff. The important stuff is what I really want to blog about. The solution: don't blog so much, and if I do, I will treat it like an exam essay. From now on I am going to write my blog entries on paper first, just as I am doing now, and then blog it. I will still add some comedic blog entries but not as often. In all seriousness, I have come to a big decision in my life. (Hard to believe a fifteen year-old is having to make life decisions I know but...) I have two paths to choose from, I can not go into detail about one of the paths becuase it is an extremely bad one that I have been walking down a long long time, the other is my 'faith walk'. And so, in beefing up the blog and making it sensical I will hopefully move a few steps further along the path I chose. I will try to bring you thoughts from: my bible study, movies, books, music, and even my own thoughts. So, the serious side of Clint Alwahab steps up to the plate... I hope.

 Reminiscence of Happiness, then Brought Back to Reality. Well today wasn't all that great of a day. I know, we got out of school early and I could be in English right now, but I don't care. I am grateful to be out but it's not like my day has been deemed the most wonderful day of the year or anything. No today is bad because of two things. 1. I don't have any good films to view and I can not go see Lost in Translation because a woman takes off her clothes in it. (My mom is okay with rated R violence but even little sex jokes are unforgivable. Granted this is somewhat worse, but I have seen boobs before, it's not like they are foreign to me.) 2. My flower has died. That picture is a picture of this flower that I found in my yard the other day. It stood out so much among the dead/somewhat living grass that was swarming it's distinctive colors so I took a picture of it. I thought it was so amazing that in the cold, drizzly January this little flower found life and brought warmth to the area. This will sound extremely corny, but when I look at this picture I can actually feel spring, I can see the trees warm and vibrant and my dog chasing rabbits in our backyard. So I came to really liking this flower, and as I saw the large snow flakes fall outside my third period science class I thought about this little flower. I arrived home and found it dead, rinkled and shriveled into a blackened yellow spot among the frozen white and dead green. So that was my day, and plus the classes I did manage to go to, gave homework. Ah well, at least I've got......... I don't even know. Something else that I have felt since the end of school yesterday: I want to be free, I'm already sick of high school and I have 3 more years ahead. I want to get a job right out of high school that will involve my talents and my abilities, go to night classes at Watkins and actually have three hours in my day where I can sit at a desk and think of what to write, or draw, or photograph next. I want those three hours to be silent, no sound of parents listening to everything I do, asking what I'm doing, asking if I have finished my homework, no sound of the television blasting because my dad is in hearing impaired denial, no sound of a nasty baked chicken and white rice with green beans dinner cooking, Nothing . I want to be able to sit down and just sit there without having to worry about this homework that makes no sense to me whatsoever, I want to be able to go out and take pictures without a time limit, I don't want to be confined to an office cubicle and have to type meaningless crap into a computer for $5.50 an hour. Does anyone have a thought or advice that I can use?

 Finally! a good mystery/cop film First I would like to address the comments issue. I'm not sure if there is some kind of mess up and my lovely readers can not see the comment button, but believe me, it's there. And it is waiting for some intellegence, even useless comedy at this moment. I really wanted feedback on the last two posts. And I'm actually starting to get pissed off, shame on me for doing so but I am. Okay, moving on. I finally saw Mystic River this afternoon. I had planned on going on the weekend but my throat was a red apple. I went with my mom, yes my mom, and we both agreed it was very good. I was told by some it was a wait-for-DVD film. I didn't think so, I like mystery/cop movies, and this was both. The only mystery/cop fix that I get now-a-days is from Law and Order and I'm really getting sick of it. That show now basically consists of corny one-liners that aren't even delivered well, and pompus suspects that always have there lawyer so they can't ask questions, which gives them the one hour time slot. But I also love story plots involving the mafia or a mafia type group and cast members who actually look like they are in the mafia (Sean Penn). Clint Eastwood did a surprisingly good job of directing, I'm glad he actually approached this with cinematography in mind as well as the story. The cast was, of course, very good too with actors such as: Laurence Fishbourn, Kevin Bacon, Tim Robbins, Sean Penn, and that lady that was in that other movie. I can't remember her name...... Anyways, I highly recommend it, go see it in theaters while you can, but if you can't make it by then it's okay the DVD is coming soon. If someone doesn't comment I'm gonna blow something up. Like your head.

 Well, I have finally created two Clintonious Productions logos. I have yet to make a film, but I consider my artwork a 'Clintonious Production'. A website for Clintonious Productions will hopefully be up soon, I have to find the money in order to establish the domain registration and monthly fee, right now I have eight bucks. Don't count on the website being here soon, but once it is up believe you me, you will know. Enjoy the pictures.

 Talking and Walking [Helicopter has just crashed into a building, Neo has saved Trinity and Morpheous] Morpheous: Do you believe it now Trinity? Neo: Morpheous, the Oracle... She told me-- Morpheous: She told you exactly what you needed to hear, that's all. Neo sooner or later you are going to realize, just as I did, there is a difference between knowing the path, and walking it. I love this excerpt from The Matrix. It gets the point across that you can change fate and make the decisions for yourself. I don't believe in fate, the only 'fate' that I believe in would have to be God, because He still has final judgement. But you still make decisions, you can plan out your life and think ahead all you want but when you end up facing the problem you can still decide which way to go. I'm not sure this completely made since, mainly because it is the second time I have had to type it because my internet is stupid. But please tell me what you think, I tried to start conversations on the last two entries and you guys did a great job of talking back. That was sarcasm to extremeties by the way.

 God 1512 Outerspace Lane If you ever find boredom about your day, get on the internet and go to urlLink Space.com . It is an amazing website that, I think, let's you see the beauty of God. These are my favorite examples of God's power... Cause that right there ^. He made it.

 Is anyone else enjoying The Apprentice ? I really like this show, I'm not sure why but I can't stop watching it. Tell me if I'm alone on this one.

 Well, my plans to see the encore presentation of Mystic River could not hold, due to the fact that my voice sounds like I have been chain-smoking for the past thirty years. I was really anticipating this film because I love Sean Penn and it's directing by a guy named Clint, what more can you ask? So now I will sit at home, read, watch movies, and blog. A lot of entries will probably come out today, so bear with me, hopefully not all of them will be completely unnessecary.

 Deja Vu Tormenting Have you ever had one of those days where it seems like you've seen it before? Deja vu has been tormenting me all day. Quite a few times today during school I stopped and said, 'wait I've been here before'. The scene was set-up just how I had seen it before. But I couldn't remember where or when I saw this. Maybe in a dream, maybe a friend told me, maybe I'm just crazy. But today has been weird so I shall sleep now, and maybe tomorrow will not haunt me like today.

 I just finished Out of Time, and I have to say it was pleasently good. I didn't think it would be that great because of the Denzel Washington factor but it turned out to be a good flick. It's a good mystery/don't know what's next kind of films. I would recommend it to anyone who has patience and doesn't get annoyed by high tension.

 How does the new picture look? Does it load faster, is it better than the couch? Let me know. Also if you have the time pay a visit to the side-bar I finally updated it. Hopefully something productive will be blogged soon.

 I hate the feeling of having to be included in something when it is truly none of your bussiness. I felt like that a lot today and I hate it when I do that, because I make cheap and redundant efforts to try and get myself involved. Then I feel as if I am annoying everyone in the room with my attempts to be 'in on it'. Those are the times when I want to go home and do stuff on my own just so I can go to the person the next day and say, 'Look what I did.' Then I realize how even more annoying that could be, and then I really hate myself for being such a nomadic retard. (Nomadic was most likely not the best word use, but that was the first thing that came to my mind...)

 Girl Dies After Possible Exorcism By HARRY R. WEBER, AP ATLANTA (Jan. 20) - A husband and wife have been charged with murdering a 6-year-old girl whose back was broken in what police said may have been an exorcism gone wrong. The couple was arrested Monday after being spotted on the street naked in the freezing cold along with two other children. Police said the dead girl, whose body was discovered in a motel room, had been strangled and stabbed, and her back was broken. An autopsy was planned. Based on what the adults told authorities, investigators believe ''they were involved possibly in a ritual of some sort,'' police spokesman John Quigley said. ''It may have had something to do with undemonizing the child in some manner.'' Christopher Carey, 29, and Valerie Carey, 27, were charged with murder late Monday, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported in Tuesday editions. They initially were charged with cruelty to children, public indecency and obstruction of police and were taken to a psychiatric ward. They were later moved to a jail. Police learned of the death around 12:30 a.m. when the unidentified man and woman were seen walking naked down a city street with two children, a 2-year-old boy and a 7-year-old girl, Quigley said. The 7-year-old provided investigators with information that led them to the motel, where they found the girl's body. The two adults had apparently been living there for some time, possibly through assistance from a church, Quigley said. 01/20/04 11:32 EST Found this interesting....

 So Long (My Friend) Well urlLink Patrick Hunter , also known as Patty, has decided to end his blog. No big issue, he just didn't see himself blogging anymore, except inside the world of urlLink Kaotik , which is an amazing blog that none will regret visiting. So long, dear Patty you will not be forgotten. P.S. With the demise of Streaming Consciousness I have declared a new category be made on the Complicated Simplicity sidebar. 'The Deceased' is now up and running.

 You said I'm gonna buy this place and burn it down, I'm gonna put it six feet underground, You said I'm gonna buy this place and watch it fall, Stand here beside me baby in the crumbling walls, Oh I'm gonna buy this place and start a fire, Stand here until I fill all your hearts desires, Because I'm gonna buy this place and see it burn, And do back the things it did to you in return You said I'm gonna buy a gun and start a war, If you can tell me something worth fighting for, Oh and I'm gonna buy this place is what I said, Blame it upon a rush of blood to the head Honey, all the movements you're starting to make, See me crumble and fall on my face, And I know the mistakes that I've made, See it all disappear without a trace, And they call as they beckon you on, They say start as you need to go on, Start as you need to go on, Start as you need to go on Said I'm gonna buy this place and see it go, Stand here beside me baby, watch the orange glow, Some'll laugh and some just sit and cry, You just sit down there and you wonder why, So I'm gonna buy a gun and start a war, If you can tell me something worth fighting for, I'm gonna buy this place is what I said, Blame it upon a rush of blood to the head, Oh to the head Coz' honey, all the movements you're starting to make, See me crumble and fall on my face, And I know the mistakes that I've made, See it all disappear without a trace, And they call as they beckon you on, They say start as you need to go on, As you need to go on As you need to go on So meet me by the bridge, Meet me by the lane, When am I gonna see that pretty face again, Oh meet me on the road, Meet me where I said, Blame it all upon a rush of blood to the head This song is absolutely my favorite song of all time, Nightswimming is right up there with it. Tell me what you think of it, do you like it? do you hate it? did you actually read it?

 What are you thinking? I'm seriously learning stuff from this Sunday school class that I don't think they were aiming for, but it's still good stuff. A lot people (guys) don't think like I do. Let me explain: today one of the things in Charlie's (our sunday school teach) handbook was about the Rolling Stone issue about the greatest 500 albums of all time. (Strange? yes) The question was what would you're favorite album of all time be and why? I never really found out the point to this question because of the respsonse to what I said. I initially said Coldplay Live 2003, Charlie nagged at me because it just came out and that couldn't possibly be my favorite. So I wimped out and restated my answer. I said Goodbye Yellow Brick Road by Elton John and Abbey Road by The Beatles. The second is so cliche it hurts I know, but I had too. But everyone, even Charlie mind you, died out laughing at my response. Why? Because I said one of my favorite albums of all time was by a homosexual. And in a judgemental chorus they all reigned upon me with statements like, 'He's gay!' and 'Dude....'. I was pretty much ready to clock everyone of them in the face at that point. Course I later thought about this and realized how much bullshit homosexuals have to go through. (Pardon my French) I mean if they could get that much judgement from a friggin' church group think what the streets of New York or even Nashville are like. You know there are sometimes when I love the world and other times when I just look at it and say what are you talking about?!

 In America I called urlLink Seth today and asked if he wanted to go see a movie, agreeing on terms of it not being R we decided it was either Along Came Polly or In America. urlLink Arley and Katy came along too, they were the initial deciders, and luckily they chose In America. I did not really want to see Along Came Polly because I wanted to see something serious, and it looks retarded. So we saw In America. We weren't completely sure of the plot and I'm sure you are not either. So I'll give you the run down: an Irish family moves to New York City, they live in a crappy and dangerous apartment complex. Luckily they meet an incredibly cool person that is an artist and adds serious cool art to the movie. You watch the failures and succeses of this family through the eyes of one of the two little girls and her 'camcorder'. I would have to give this film two thumbs up, there were only a few times I was confused but they made since in the end or I was just stupid enough to actually be confused. I think the Green Hills Cinema is the only place playing it so hurry hurry hurry!

 urlLink Jet made their debut into society with the recent release of Get Born . Get Born is a mix of old rock and new lyrics. The guitar solos are amzingly good, and the vocals are even cooler. What has given them their claim to fame that will cause them to be remembered for a long time is the song 'Are You Gonna be My Girl'. The song was first played on the iPod commercial with the dancing people and then they did studio performances with AOL and The OC played them not too long ago. If you have not picked up this album I would highly recommend it, I didn't think it would be that good, but it is very well done for an indie band's first album. It's only eight bucks at Wal*Mart ;).

 Here a good topic that I blogged about a long long time ago in a galaxy right here. It was on the topic of judging, keep in mind this is a true story. Monday, October 27, 2003 Interesting... Very interesting. I meant to talk about this yesterday, but I didn't. In Sunday school we were talking about judging others, and how we should just except them for who they are. I know it's cheesey but the outcome was interesting. One of the kids said look at David Privacy Edit ! It's kind of hard to be nice to him. Now David was not in the class, but his friend was. And a few of the kids continued about how he wears eye liner and wears his sisters gym shorts. Granted a little weird but... The friend raised his hand and said that David just doesn't like to be judged and he's really not weird he's a cool guy. And then suddenly the air changed completely, the room was filled with, "Yeah he's a cool guy, yeah." I thought to myself, wow this is depressing. We automatically think that the person isn't around so we can talk about them, but we never think about who else is around us and if they might be hurt. It wasn't David who was hurt, it was his friend. And most likely his friend told David that they were talking about him, and now David probably won't return... Sorry I'm just a little teed about that. Pondering about human habits, Clint Seth Worley made a great comment man, that is something to be teed about. most christians in a youth sunday school class are usually both "all theory and no action" (love and preach verbally ONLY) and "conformist to the max" (one minute wearing abercrombie the next minute calling it preppie). actually, you'll find that some people don't ever leave that end of the pool. just preach with your self, man. Seth I think for quite sometime I was in the conformist category. But I've made it past that (I think) and started to be who I am, but staying on the side lines so that when instances like what happened in Sunday school come along, I won't be involved and end up screwing things up. P.S. I have not seen David at Sunday school ever since.

 Does anyone else think Paul Shaffer is a serious loser? (I know it's judging but you can't dodge this one man, it's Paul Shaffer)

 Why does it have be this way? Why does life have to be this complicated . Why is it that out of all happiness there has to come pain? Even at the happiest times, pain has to creep up. It doesn't say anything until the happiness has died down. Then it pounces and makes you feel like such a terrible piece of flesh. Tonight we had a surprise birthday party, and after everything was said and done. The pain (a person) came up and revealed the problem. Making me feel terrible. Why does it have to be this way?

 Today's been rough I hate appearances. I hate having to worry about what my shirt says or what my shoes look like. I hate that I still have this reaction of judging, I've grown with it so much that I do it without even thinking. And then I tell others not to judge, but then I turn around and do the same thing. I hate having to worry about what others will think of me. I hate not being able to sit at a table of all girls at lunch and not worry about what others are saying. I hate the feeling of 'all eyes are on me'. I hate being so self-concious about my appearance... Today's been rough.

 Well, after much deliberation I have come to a conclusion. I can not pick just one favorite movie of all time. So here are the ones I chose: The Sting, Jurassic Park, and Big Fish. The Sting because it is the greatest con movie of all time and it was probably the first good one. Jurassic Park because I grew up with it and have loved dinosaurs ever since. And Big Fish because it has lit a new candle for me in the cinemagraphic/ good writing/directing department. Tell me what you think.

 I wrote a letter to all the birds of the world today: Dear Bird(s), I envy you for all the typical reasons. You fly about the skies without a care in the world. Though you are not the smartest creatures on earth, I find that to be an advantage. You do not have the worry of hatred that the world's people produce so well. Instead, you fly around a big blue air bubble and dive for worms and fish. I find flying to be the absolute most beautiful and graceful action the Lord bestowed upon the earth. Thank you dear birds for being who you are, and reading my letter. Sincerely, Clint Alwahab

 Has anyone else ever wanted to talk like the old langauge that Shakespeare uses? Cause it's freakin awesome. Pretty much anything you say sounds awesome, and obviously the girls go crazy for it cause look at Juliet. Oh well... Thou can dream....eth....

 Well the turn out for the 'conversation starter' and entry down wasn't too big. Thankee for those who decided to comment and I enjoy your thoughts. The rest of you suck.

 I was asked an extremely hard question on Friday. "What's your favorite movie of all time?" I have yet to answer it. I don't know! What's yours? (This is one of those conversation starters)

 Oh, a glorious day it is, I finally bought the Guster CD entitled Keep It Together. Beautiful album, and I think me and katy hinson are going to go see them in Atlanta in March... So if you are a cool adult/gaurdian you are invited to come.

 The Latest Rolling Stone You may have noticed that my description says, 'Picking up the latest rolling stone'. I revised my own entry about the latest issue from Rolling Stone, and realized the poetic sense in that phrase. I'm picking up the latest rolling stone and stopping it from getting away. Away from somewhere bad? Or away from somewhere good? Only the stone would know by continuing its roll. But if I was to let it roll and it roll into the bad, what would I do with myself? I would have let this stone, this 'lost soul' roll away into darkness. Though I cannot fully comprehend what I have just said because it is late and I have another head ache I want to point that out. Perhaps you can translate my babblings and put them into lamen's terms.

 Me, really? I find it hard to believe that people actually appreciate me for my 'talents' or 'gifts'. I put those words in parenthases because I do not like to think that I have talents because then I become too confindent of myself and too much self-confindence (in my mind) can kill you. But I still find it weird that people would like what I say and actually talk about me. I've never really been accepted like that, and if I have been talked about, it's not good. So I think it's a little weird that people see value in me, because I... Don't. I mean I do see value in myself but not enough to be considered cool, or 'a good guy', or even 'normal'. Although I do not believe in normalcy and acceptance, I think it's wrong to consider someone 'not normal' when we truly do not know what normal is. But it's still heart warming to know that somewhere out there in the cold world that will eat you alive, I am looked at with appreciation.

 I don't usually get into football games so much as to where I am screaming and yelling and talking to the players on a first-name basis while sitting at home. Don't get me wrong I love the game, but I don't see how people can be so concerned about something so trivial and, in the grand scheme, not important. My dad yells like a maniac at the T.V. and it actually annoys me, I don't know why. He yells at the screen as if he is talking to Steve McNair calling him 'Mac'. And he talks with disappointment about all these other coaches that have 'foul mouths' and when the game comes around he uses equivalents to those same words. My father is a hypocrite when it comes to matters such as these. And that kind of ruins the game for me. So tonight was not a very enjoyable night, please by all means give opinions if you feel the urge.

 Quite enjoyable, but I say nothing I saw Big Fish today. I won't give a review because I don't want my stupid opinion to interfere with your viewing of the movie and you like it but be held back by my judgements. So I will say that I need to see it again. Not because it was confusing, well... To me the movie was confusing, but only because nothing has stuck in my head this week, my brain is completely gone. A combination of many things led up to the destruction of my brain, but that would take to long to go into and hey I don't have the brain to talk about it. And plus I have decided that I will no longer think about movies until I have seen them. I anticipate movies way too much. Lately the films I have gone to see haven't lived up to my great expectations and I have been let down. So no longer will I anticipate a movie.

 I started to think about time during fourth period Spanish today. I thought about how long we think a week is and how bored we get in just one hour and then I thought about how long a year can take and how much longer I have until I get out of hell (Ravenwood High). I went even further into my mind and began to block everything around me out and just kept thinking. I don't neccesarily remember all the things that went through my head but there were some strange thoughts. I then realized my physical location and went slowly back into the everyday routine of life. Man when does spring break get here?

 Sorry I didn't blog yesterday, I didn't really have anything that wasn't entirely selfish or about me so I didn't blog. Today however I picked up the latest Rolling Stone at the 'mafia run' Publix.(Did I tell you I think Publix is run by the mafia?) There are some very good articles in it, the main is about Dave Matthews, and good side articles about Toby Keith, the Bushes, and some cursed island. Pick it up if you get the chance. I'll go into detail about the mafia and Publix thing another time.

 Quick remarks: Pete Yorn performs on Ellen tomorrow singing "For Nancy" I personally have never heard this song, but I'm taping it anyways. I got the Chucks, they're black high-tops and I got some rockin socks to go with them. The OC comes back tomorrow! Big Fish premieres here this Friday! I'm goin right after school.

 Well, with the begining of the third nine weeks of my freshman year comes assignments. And my English teacher has given the oppurtunity once again for free writing extra credit. American Werewolves was used for extra credit in that class, you can read it in either the month of November or October (can't remember). Anyways, I just wanted to let you know that I'm starting on another free write short story, the final draft is due in March and I believe I will wait to show the blogger world and give the final. Cause the American Werewolves that was published on this blog was not the final. If you have any starting ideas or random words that I can start something off of I will dry erase board it and see what happens. Oh yeah, my infamously cool directed study teacher is no longer my teacher, the prinicipals redid all the schedules due to complaints of no work being done in the classes. I think we were the cause for that, because we watched movies, threw bouncy balls around and did other stuff I don't want to say cause I think Mrs. Gregg reads this. Be the miracle people.

 Who knew that a cartoon baboon could actually give advice that is applicable to a person's life? Watch The Lion King and you will see.

 Well my hunt for the basic black Chuck Taylors was unsuccesful. I went to Show Carnival where my friend found hers and the only size they had was the gigantor 11.5. DSW wasn't helpful either, all they had were navy ones. I was just looking for the basic black to start off my Chuck Taylor shoes wearing. I was however succesful in finding a nice dry erase board and every color of dry erase marker imaginable. If you wish to see what it looked like go to seth's blog and look at the pictures in his entry about Re:Volt. I have the same one. Do any of my fellow Nashvillians know where to find some good Chuck Taylors? Please help!

 Whenever I get bored I look at extremely cool urlLink Pete Yorn pictures. You should too.

 Well, Seth's blog, urlLink Kaotik is moving along quite nicely and is very fun to visit and just blab about stuff that doesn't matter but you still want to talk about. So go there now, see what retarded comments I make and then see all the intellectual comments other people make. Please note that I spelled intellectual correctly, I have noticed lately that my spelling is tremendously terrible and it has actually been pointed out to me. I will now take action at this problem immediately . (And I didn't even have to use spell check for that)

 Enhance creative thinking. Well this Monday I will be ordering this giant dry erase board for my bedroom. Why you ask? I've found this year during school and at church that everyone needs a dry erase board, preferably extremely big (classroom big). During directed study at school my teacher allows me to (thankfully) draw on the boards and just do whatever on them. And when Wednesday nights at BBC still existed urlLink Arley Barley and I would draw and/or write totally random stuff. And I found that doing this helped express emotions and just get all those creative extras that don't look good on paper out of your head and make room for more creative thinking. And plus if you screw up, all you have to do is swipe it off with a rag or heck even your head and it's gone. I'm ordering it Monday because I don't like ordering on the weekends because businesses only ship on weekdays and it seems longer if you order it on a weekend. Maybe sometime in the near future I can share some of my 'Dry Erase Insights'. Be the miracle, watch the Titans.

 "Hey, I'm sure you are going to make a wonderful ninja warrior." -Karate Kid's mom That's the kind of encouragement and approval that I wish I recieved from my parents, you know?

 Well today truly is sad now. The incredibly talented band known as Remy Zero has broken up. I just went to their website and the only page they have gives their final farewell. Man I was hoping for at least one more album from them. I really am going to miss this gifted band that saw music in a totally different light. If you have not heard of them, go out and buy one of their albums you will not regret it.

 Okay well the new look was begining to get on my nerves, so I'm back to this. You can cheer now.

 I've got to say, these dreadlocks that I plan on getting had better be worth the wait. I have to grow my hair out to rather long extents considering I have curly hair. I at least need to get it down to my chin and right now my bangs are about half-way past my eye-balls. Now don't think that my hair is looking shaggy or anything, no no. Remember my hair is very curly so it all scrunges up on my head to look like a loofah. But my problem is when I sleep the hair on my sides and back of my head get very very flat and the hair on top of my head stays the same. So I look like a flash back to the comedian Sim-bad's glorious days. Does anyone have a solution? I don't think there is one other than keep taking showers. P.S. I pulled a Seth and explored the google image data base by typing in curly hair, and this is what I found.

 A new year, a new look Yet again I expirement with the template of my blog and change it. I know this is very simple, but that's kind of the point. What I blog about can be complicated, but the format is plain old simplicity. (heh heh get it?) So I hope you like it, all the links and special features are at the bottom of the page. Enjoy while you can.

 I’ve seen the silence grow between us And not to make this sound so hard But all my troubles and my justice fades on such cold steel I made up that story to change your mind I could have been somebody else But now I’m me this time. Slowly but surely I have come to realize that this describes me so perfectly since I've 'gotten over' the girl I used to like. I used to put on a show, and try to show her stuff to impress her (What guy doesn't do that) and I wouldn't really be myself around her. Now I can truly say that I am myself around her and that I do not like her. Thanks Pete Yorn.

 Um, so I listened to the 100 greatest hits of 2003 on Lightning 100 and I have to say, I'm not that impressed. Save it for a Rainy Day by the Jayhawks made number one. Granted it's a good song, but not the best of the year... Hmm... Oh well at least they tried.

 Well my dad just got off the phone with our family in Iraq. This is big news because we have tried for a very long time to connect with them and have been unsuccesful (phone wise). Maybe this is a sign of the new year, perhaps the war in Iraq will go faster (unlike what I said in my predictions). And maybe we can even go over there... Not this year but in the years to come.

 What does the crystal ball say? Okay so I have a few predictions for this new year, and here they are: Coldplay's new album will sell like crazy and I will most likely not get it in time unless I keep up with the website. The Music world will be pretty good all together, movies will seem so much better this year than last year's downfall, and many good movies will premier despite the end of two of the biggest sagas of our generation. The war in Iraq will move along, but most likely not faster. If Bush does not end the war and improve the economy (or improve the economy while the war goes on) he will most likely not be re-elected. Pete Yorn will come to Nashville and I will not miss him this time, James Taylor will come to Nashville and I will not miss him, and Dave Matthews will come to Nashville and I will probably consider going but decide I don't want to. Those are my predictions and if you read this far, I'm proud of you.

 Curiousity got the better of me. I came here to say goodbye, but all I could say was hello . An I love you to grow on, and I was out the door. I had enough of you, You weren't important. Next day, I tested your doorbell... eight times. The sprinklers work, smoke alarm is ready, but my heart will never be healed. How can someone be so cruel? How can someone be so beautiful? How can someone be so... you?

 Respect... Just a Little Bit urlLink Darrel has finally entered the blogspot world, and is now a blogger. I stumbled across this great, but still developing, blog when my internet decided to work after two years of strife. So I now command you now to visit this blog and read the interesting context of the new theory . (I hope I did not sound somewhat snobbish in this entry, I feel like I did though.) P.S. Darrel is the one with his tongue sticking out.

 "What Gibson has provided for me, for the first time in my life, is a visceral idea of what the Passion consisted of. That his film is superficial in terms of the surrounding message -- that we get only a few passing references to the teachings of Jesus -- is, I suppose, not the point." -From Roger Ebert's review of The Passion of the Christ . Read the rest urlLink here.

 What I thought of The Passion There are not many words to describe how good of a film this is, although, I am not completely turning my life around because of it. The story was very accurate to the Scripture, some quotes were given to other characters but that is not something that would bother me. I read a few reviews on urlLink Rotten Tomatoes before I began this entry, one disapproving reviewer said: It's as if Gibson is measuring God's love by the amount of blood he shows on the screen. My reply to this comment would have to be: First, this only covers the last twelve hours of Christ's life. The only thing really left in those twelve hours is bloodshed. Second, wouldn't you consider someone that shed that much blood to be a loving person? Honestly, how many of your friends have suffered and died like that for you? If at all? Another reviewer: If Jesus actually received the amount of punishment dished out in this film, he would have been dead three times over before arriving at Calvary. My dad actually mentioned this as we rode home, he said that if He was any other man He would have died before the twentieth lashing. I almost said, 'But He went on because He knew this [the crucifixion] had to happen'. (But I didn't say anything.) So I tell you now, put all your media speculation and your doubt behind you and actually go see this film. Not because everyone is talking about it, or because you are a Christian (meaning you have to see it); rather: see it with a ready heart and mind, and see it because you want to, not because I just told you. Don't read this if you have not seen the film The ending was without a doubt one of the best endings to a movie, ever. Instead of continuing on with the story and going into the resurrection and the doubt of Thomas, the Stone was simply rolled away, Jesus's clothes collapsed on the cold stone, and Jesus walked out. And as He walked out you got a quick glimpse of his hand and the hole that was left from the nail. Why is this the best ending of all time? Because the non-believers of the audience that have never heard the story will say, 'Wait, what happens next?' And that's when they can explore the bible and hopefully come to know God. And for the believers out there that do know the story, the film can still mean a lot to them. P.S. I did not weep during this movie, the only time tears were brought to my eyes was afterwards when I realized how real, and accurate this portrayal was. P.S.S. Please do not think me as another one of those Christians who will watch this film, be 'in God' for a month and then be back to my same old self. This movie did affect me, but not to the extent of not knowing how typical I could sound. (Did that make sense?)

 I did as urlLink Colby did and took another online quiz: What Irrational Number Are You? You are &pi;

 It is official that on this day, Wednesday the 25th in the year of our Lord, Clint Alwahab shaved for the very first time. And he saw that it was good... And smooth.

 "Education is experience, and the essence of experience is self-reliance." -Merlyn in The Once and Future King

 Life really bothers me sometimes.

 Has anyone heard news of a 24 video game? Because I sat in my living room this morning watching 24 Season 2 asking, 'Why on earth is this not a video game?!'. Honestly, they would sell so much it makes me sick to think of it. EA Games needs to get a CAT scan to see if they are thinking properly.... I need one to see if I can read properly.

 Is bribing the Lord necessarily considered a sin?

 Can someone tell me why I can't read the English language worth crap?

 This one's for you Megan Well today was a very good day. When I arrived home from a very nice car ride, I got outside and started shooting up the place... Pictures, that is. Megan Greene has been pushing me lately to take more pictures and to let her see them. Well Megan there is a lot more of where these two pictures came from. (don't forget the new pictures in the corners.) I went outside, and as most of you know I live in the middle of the woods so I have the world at my trigger finger. A long long time ago this guy that use to live in a shack close to our backyard showed me this spring about three minutes from my house. With the weather raining down joy and happiness I went there first, a long the way I took lots of pictures and then took a few at the actual spring. The one at the top is my dog getting out of the spring, and the one below is the paw print he left behind when he was shaking off the water onto me. Hope you enjoy.

 Have you ever been so fascinated with someone that when you are forced to leave, you want to put all your strength into not letting the conversation end?

 My Preaching Moment Gerry House, the ultimate morning radio show host, made a great point today. He said that he had read a letter to the editor in The Tennessean, our Nashville newspaper, that said that all the homosexuals should just be sent to Massachusetts so they can get married and live there. As you probably know this really pissed me off because I hate discrimination like that. As the hour progressed he talked about how the lottery people are really starting to annoy him. And then he said, 'I think we should just ship them all off to Tunica so they can live out their lives there'. At first I found this funny because he tends to randomly say things, but he continued on this rant throughout the news and what-not and I realized what he was trying to do. He was making the point that people are supporting the lottery and it's not 'immoral' like homosexuality is, but the gays should still be shipped off like the Jews in the Halocaust! Finally a moron called in and said, 'Gerry you are kind of sounding hypocritical when you say that sending the gays to Mass. is wrong but sending gamblers to Tunica is right.' Gerry replied, 'Well that's my opinion and I'm entitled to it.' The guy hung up and I desperately wanted to go up to that guy and tell him how much of a fool he made himself sound. This is a big moment in 'Hypocritical Movements'. (As I like to call it.) People that found the Janet Jackson 'Half-boob' Show (get it?) offensive are still sitting around watching television shows such as: Will and Grace, Scrubs, The OC, Friends, and even ER. (Now don't get me wrong, not everyone that found the boob offensive are still or never were watching these shows) Just those few shows are enough to make Jesus go ape on your butt! But people still watch them... As Mike Glenn, BBC pastor, pointed out by asking the congregation one Sunday, 'How many of you bought lottery tickets?'. Wow I was seriously waiting for half of the congregation to sink in their pews. That is such a great point, you say stuff about morals, but then you turn around and do just the equivalent of those actions. And last time I checked, every sin is the same as the other (correct me if I'm wrong), so what is the difference between conducting in homosexual acts and gambling? Or cursing and murder? Sure to us those sound totally different. Why do they sound different? I'll tell you: because our country is driven by sex. (Again not saying everyone is, but the majority of our country is.) Gambling: isn't bad, it's just a little fun, cursing: eh that's nothin' everybody does it. But murder: whoa buddy that's pushin' it. You see what I'm finally trying to say is, we aren't running on God's morals... We are running on our morals. I hope that all of this has made since because it is a very serious issue with our humanity at this time, and I hope we can do something about it. (Please don't ridicule me in the future when I talk about a Friends episode or a movie, because that is a terribly bad arguement and we are all, and always be, like that.)

 Im gonna fight em off A seven nation army couldnt hold me back Theyre gonna rip it off Taking their time right behind my back And Im talking to myself at night Because I cant forget Back and forth through my mind Behind a cigarette And the message coming from my eyes Says leave it alone Dont want to hear about it Every single ones got a story to tell Everyone knows about it From the Queen of England to the hounds of hell And if I catch it coming back my way Im gonna serve it to you And that aint what you want to hear, But thats what Ill do And the feeling coming from my bones Says find a home Im going to Wichita Far from this opera for evermore Im gonna work the straw Make the sweat drip out of every pore And Im bleeding, and Im bleeding, and Im bleeding Right before the lord All the words are gonna bleed from me and I will think No more And the stains coming from my blood Tell me go back home This is another one of my favorite songs. It's one of my favorites not just because of the bass line and incredible drums, but because it is so extremely poetic. I love the way it gives you different aspects, example: He's not just smoking a cigarette, he's 'behind a cigarette'. That's just extremely cool to me... not that he is smoking but the way it is worded...

 Sometimes I really hate having to make decisions. I know, I know: decisions are a part of life... But sometimes I just wish I was commanded to do something, so the big sissy that I am doesn't show up for the vote.... Damnit. I guess I should listen to this unknown wiseman: "Good decisions come from experience, and experience comes from bad decisions." -Unknown

 It's that time of day. Everything you have ever heard, thought, saw, and breathed in is creaking in the attic. Ready to strike when you aren't looking. Waiting for you to turn your back, then it takes your courage. Every little sound is an escaped convict. Every shadow a monster teasing your mind. The dog barks with panic, the gate squeaks in the wind, and the fear is out tonight. Running from home to home to torment the little children who hoped to stay up just a few more hours but now regret their foolish wishes. And for me, it's worse... Because no one can hear me scream.

 It's a bitter sweet symphony. More to the mind than the body. More to the body than the mind. Lives, living out their lives of life loving lives. Go home and sit before a sheet of paper. Write out your life, How you want it, How it will be, How it won't be. The message from my mind says leave it alone. And I'm bleeding, All the words are going to bleed from me and I will think no more. (I just ripped this out of my mind, somewhat from music that I am searching around for right now... If it doesn't make sense, forgive me I speak weird stuff late at night.)

 'I think owning your burden is half the battle.' -JD from Scrubs In this scene he is talking about guest star Michael J. Fox's OCD problem and the three guys (JD being one of them) trying to deal with their problems. Fox's character has shown up and taken the hostpital by storm and out done the three doctors. One by one they all come to him to tell them how they feel, JD found Fox first washing his hands hours after a surgery that he had performed. Then JD finally realized that everyone has problems (Even the biggest hot shots around) and that dealing with them is something we all have to do. This is a little corny but I always seem to find some hidden meaning among the inuendos on Scrubs , and I thought I would share.

 Google image search for 'Democrat' 'Republican' 'Babar' and 'Anti-Bush': Democrat Republican Anti Bush (Got some funny stuff here) Babar

 I was just sitting here, browsing the blogger community and rested my head on my jacket sleeve. I then smelt something rather interesting... I continued the trail and discovered the smell was Caramel Macchiato from Starbucks which I had spilled on my sleeve a good two weeks ago, now I am craving some coffee from Starbucks... God bless that coffee shop.

 Google image search for "Stupid Research": and

 I'm not going to go in depth about the Grammys, mainly because I don't want you to fall asleep. As urlLink Seth said, the only reason to watch the grammys was for The White Stripes and The Black Eyed Peas. I only agree with half of this however. I thought The White Stripes did a fanominal job, Jack White knows how to rock the house and how to dress like Harley Quinn. However, I despise The Black Eyed Peas, I really do not like them. Sure they sing about how America is hurt and down and not doing good. But I'm sorry, I've heard these type of statements all the time, about how these people (not to be stereotypical) grew up in the Bronx and they know what the hard life is like. They said the CIA were terrorists in the song! (Correct me if I am wrong) Seth, I'm sorry buddy but I did not like The Peas's performance, nor the Justin Timberlake performance with an entire choir for back up singers. The performances I did enjoy were: The White Stripes, Beyonce (Because she is extremely beautiful), Sara McClaughclin (sp?), Outkast (both performances), George Clinton, Robert Randolph and the Family Band, and the Beatles tribute with Dave Matthews (forget Vince and Sting). But the one I most enjoyed was the one that almost brought tears: the tribute to Warren Zevon. I love that song and Warren, and that really made my day. A quick 'shout-out': I've been asked many times by this young (haha) lady since she learned of my blog, to be mentioned on it. Eve Sarret you rock the house, long live the Eve.

 Top five things that are bothering the crap out of me at the moment: (I am in no-way looking for pity, I just want to see if others are bothered by these things, or agree...) 1. Musical incompetence- People who are so devoted to rap and synthesized music that they find songs such as Bitter Sweet Symphony 'gay' or 'retarded'. 2. Microsoft Word screwing up and closing out without saving my writings which I was working on, and are not recoverable. 3. Rolling Stone's complete anti-Bush bashing. 4. Keyboards contributing to number two. 5. Annonymous commenting- whether mean or helpful, it's just plain annoying.

 There is something reassuring and self-satisfieing about re-wiring your computer. I don't know why but for some reason, I feel better, maybe even cleaner, now that I have re-wired and re-arranged my Dell desktop computer... But in the process of hooking up the wires it felt weird because I had no access whatsoever to the outside at that moment in time. I was just a guy at his house in the middle of the woods, drilling a hole in a cabinet to make more room for his computer. I wasn't Writersblock612@aol.com, I wasn't the founder of Complicated Simplicity or American Monarch, and I definitly wasn't some online junkie... It was kind of weird... And then I turned it back on and felt better....

 October Football and Vanilla Coke Have you ever listened to a song and are suddenly brought back to a time from your past? I'm listening to the Red Hot Chili Peppers's By the Way album at the moment and I have suddenly been lurched back to an October Friday night at a Ravenwood High football game. I had listened to this album so much that I actually became sick of it, but at this moment in time I was still obsessed with it and had every song stuck in my head, all playing at the same time. This is such a weird feeling, my thoughts, opinions, and even lusts have changed since then. I'm brought back to new friendships that went down the hole a few weeks later, and times of sucky directed studies, and vanilla coke. Vanilla Coke? Yeah well, you see our high school's football jerseys are the exact colors of Vanilla Coke, so it is now a permenant memory, strange but true. And now the song is over, another track is bringing other memories not as clear as the last, so I'm going to go find a different album because this one is freakin' me out. Google search for: 'Vanilla Coke'

 So, One Time, in Mexico.. I just finished Once Upon a Time in Mexico , and I know I say this about all movies but it was very good. Though I've never seen Desperado nor El Mariachi I felt like I knew what was going on because they managed to explain everything in the two hour span. Antonio Banderas delivered excellently and, of course, made me feel like pumping iron. Johnny Depp, without a doubt, out did himself with this film. His wit and his extreme coolness was so present in this movie I wanted to become a CIA agent. Although Salma Hayek did not have a big role in this film she still proved herself a great actress and that she is way past her Austin Powers days. The other cast members such as Cheech Marin, Willam Dafoe, and that other guy were tramendous and only added to this film. If you have not seen it yet, go to blockbuster, get it, pop some popcorn (kettle corn if you're weird) and sit back and enjoy. Tell me what you thought of it if you saw it.

 Oh no, it's a banana hotel! urlLink Boring 3D

 Well, I have finally gotten back to my second blog that I never used. urlLink My Private Nation is now up and running, I will be changing the template soon though.

 You are a movie, and a Dwarf... A Movie Dwarf urlLink What Classic Movie Are You?

 Rainbow? Yes. Purple? Yes. Girlfriend? No. I think I'm starting to give the appearance of a homosexual. Seriously, I think people at school think I am gay. The reasons, of course, are trivial and stupid reasons but I think they still kind of get a message across, that I don't want going across. Example 1(Stupid reason, but people think it): The fact that I wear purple shirts a lot, and wear a rainbow WWJD bracelet. Yeah, I know what you are saying, it's a frickin' WWJD bracelet, some how the people manage to ignore that completely and still find the words to say to me that it is a rainbow bracelet. The purple shirt thing is another stupid attempt to criticize gays, I've been told hey you are wearing a purple shirt... I say, yep... And then they walk away thinking to themselves the words they weren't willing to say. I know that's judging and I have no evidence that they were thinking that, but come on people, you've heard that purple was the 'gay color' since 3rd grade, or at least since the telletubbies went national. Example 2: A few girls at school are trying to hook me up with this girl, whom I have never met by the way, and I have told them ever since they started up that I don't care and I do not want a girlfriend. They have questioned me, why not? I say, I simply just don't want one at the moment. Especially when I am a freshman, 'cause they (girlfriends) are still in that state of "call every twenty minutes to see 'what's up' and sit there for another twenty in silence on the phone". Example 3: I'm a paranoid loser who worries about his image all the time and think I am giving off that appearance of a homosexual, which I hope I am not..... Am I?

 I am considering changing my name to Damien because of this beautiful beautiful man.

 Is anyone out there? Is anyone listening to what I'm saying? Cause it actually means something to me. Why can't you just listen to what I have to say? I feel like I'm on a one way phone, and there's no one listening on the other side. Why won't you talk to me?! Can I speak to anyone as an equal? Am I ever not just some freshman who doesn't know what he's talking about? Will anyone ever hear me out?

 Morgan Freeman 'God': It's a wonderful thing. No matter how filthy something gets you can always clean it right up. I really like this because it is a prime example of sin, and forgiveness. No matter how dirty and disgusting we get, we can be cleaned right up in a heartbeat because of God.

 Cheap, but still laughable I made this my self: Well, I guess the Jacksons have more than one boob in the family........ heh.. heh... Ah geez...

 Where would football be without the kicker? Better yet, where would football be without Janet Jackson's boob popping out during half time? Ah, good game fellas... And Janet.

 urlLink After Class is a great blog that I found just recently, I would encourage you to visit it daily.

 I waited and waited and waited for God. At last He looked, finally He listened. He lifted me out of the ditch, pulled me from deep mud. He stood me up on a solid rock to make sure I wouldn't slip. He taught me how to sing the latest God-song, a praise-song to our God. More and more people are seeing this: they enter the mystery, abandoning themselves to God. Psalms 40:1-3

 urlLink I'm not sure what this quiz is trying to tell me....



 urlLink Take The Ewan McGregor Test! Sorry but I actually found a good quiz site.

 Your cursor should now appear as the character Satchel from the best comic strip Get Fuzzy. Tell me if it isn't.

 As I sit here eating my Goldfish and sipping on an orange flavored Capri Sun I wonder how some peoples' minds really and truly work. I wonder if they are just putting on a show or if the little gerbil running the wheel really talks like that. Here's why I wonder this: Now that spring has sprung and the ground is showing signs of life, and rabbits are really showing life, a good three-fourths of the school body (at any school) starts to procrastinate to new levels and disobey rules. Dr. Pam Vaden (Dr. meaning Darth) has learned this from past experience and has wisely re-enforced the rules to stricter limits. Well that three-fourths of the student body that had been bending the rules all year now are beginning to be angered because they are no longer aloud to leave the classroom. So of course, a lot of these people have decided to 'protest' these 'new rules' by leaving first period and joining in the gymnasium of life (I call it that) to 'rebel'. When I first heard this 'brilliant' plan I thought: that's just great, my first period class is gym. So I've got a front row seat to the very first Ravenwood Uprising. In directed study, however, some of the people planning The Apocalypse began taunt our teacher by asking the idiotic question: What would you do if we all just got up and left right now? For some reason students think that if you rebel in large numbers they won't have to face the consequences; they see a Haitian rebellion and think 'Yeah, that should work'. I tuned out before I heard my teacher's response because I knew the 'rebels' would continue their argument. So by the end of school I am preparing myself for The Next Morning, actually excited about this beyond stupid idea. But of course, rumors don't travel far without a rat, and Darth found out. She made 'an address to the Nation' through the intercom and informed all rebels and miscreants that their extracurricular activity rights would be evoked, including prom which just so happens to be this weekend, and In School Suspicion will be forced upon all seen there. No doubt as I left my seventh period class I still heard the die-hard patriots saying they would still be attending The Apocalypse. I'll be looking for them tomorrow morning :)

 Which 1990's Subculture Do You Belong To? [Another Quiz by Kris @ couplandesque.net ] Wow that actually describes me very well.

 urlLink

 I am so excited about this film, the Coen brothers' films are always awesome.

 Well it's official my mom has no taste in movies whatsoever. I was browsing through her urlLink Netflix status queue and found: The Sum of All Fears, Gone in 60 Seconds, Under the Tuscan Sun, and What a Girl Wants. It gets worse my friends: Uptown Girls, Secondhand Lions, Radio, and The In-Laws! A lot of the other ones are old classic movies that are so lulling I consider movie time at home my nap time. The only good stuff that is on there is The Office and Almost Famous. I forced her to put The Office on there because the list was so depressing. Hopefully soon I can clean up the list and get the good stuff on there... Things like Daddy and Them have got to go.

 My suspicions were confirmed true today.

 I'm sick of the way I act. Mainly because I know it will never get me a girlfriend. And the only person it would work with, won't. No, I am not in love... Love is a word abused by the teenage mouth so badly it should be banned from all teenage lips, it should be ranked right up there with the other four letter words. Only until one knows what it really is should it be used.

 The Why's of the Week Well it has been a long and boring week and the weekend hasn't improved it whatsoever. Why? Because ever since I have heard of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind I have been exceptionally excited about it. But of course, it's rated R... Seems that every quality movie out there now-a-days is R. I'm starting to lose hope and interest in films because of this. So here are reviews of the past week and a half of things I have viewed, listened to, and read. Please try and put up with it as long as possible. Why Norah's new album is good Norah Jones, as you probably know, released her second album only a few weeks ago. I purchased it last week and began listening to it profusely. Like The Empire Strikes Back this album has made such a comeback it should be recorded in time. Well, maybe it's not that good, but still worth an hour of your time. I would give it four out of five stars. Why Lost in Translation is so freakin' good Lost in Translation was released in the fall and was not very well heard of. I actually like it that way. The first opinion I heard was that of my former directed study teacher saying it was, ' very good'. So over time I heard a little bit more of the film, though not a lot. It left theatres for a while and then returned for an encore. urlLink Seth Worley viewed it then giving it the highest of praises. By now I knew I had to see this no matter the FCC's restrictions. So finally after months of convencing and sweet talking my mom ordered it off of urlLink Netflix and we watched it. I hadn't realized that it was just two people hanging out, but once I reviewed it and watched it a second time, I realized how good of a film it was and great the writing was. If you haven't watched it yet, I highly recommend it. Five out of five stars. Why Slaughterhouse-Five is strangely great Kurt Vonnegut's controversal story of the Dresden bombing and the adventures of one 'time-traveling' man is now one of my favorites. This book is nothing like I have ever read before. It oddly provocative but still well written. He tells the story of a man named Billy Pilgrim, who, supposedly, can travel through time and see his life in the future and sometimes of the past. Among the places we visit in his time travels is Dresden which was the scene for a massive American bombing in World War 2. Billy Pilgrim also believes (no one else does) he was abducted by Tralfamadorians, natives of the planet Tralfamadore, where he was put on display in a zoo and 'mated' with a famous movie star. The story continues on weaving in and out of time travels, leaving you in complete vertigo of his location at the end of the book. Even through all the confusion Vonnegut is still able to deliver a great moral message. If you enjoy reading and have a strong stomach I would recommend this to you. Five out of Five stars. So that's that... Hope you enjoyed all my nonsence.

 I hereby recruit you into a secret society. Keep this conversation to yourself, and don't let any know we spoke. I must go now before we are seen together.

 This is another one of Coldplay's best songs: When I counted up My demons Saw there was one For every day With the good ones On my shoulders I drove the Other ones away So if you ever Feel neglected If you think that all is lost I'll be counting up My demons, yeah Hoping everything's not lost When you thought It was over You could feel it All around And everybody's out To get you Don't you let it Drag you down So if you ever Feel neglected If you think That all is lost I'll be counting up My demons, yeah Hoping everything's not lost If you ever feel neglected If you think that all is lost I'll be counting up My demons, yeah Hoping everything's not lost Singing out oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah Everything's not lost So come on yeah Oh yeah Come on, yeah Everything's not lost Oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah Everything's not lost Come on, yeah Oh yeah Come on, yeah Come on, yeah Oh yeah Come on, yeah Everything's not lost



 Lately I've been having troubles discerning reality from dreams.

 urlLink Which Dr. Seuss character are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Pre-productions are in works for a Clintonious Productions film. Music is being selected and the script is being drawn and written. I will give you previews and updates in the near future.

 Once again I am making my feeble attempts to reach a creative genius point. I'm starting the 'E-Blog' back up again. If you don't know what this is, I'll tell you: A long long time ago I started a newsletter that featured a picture of my doing. I wanted to get my art out to the world and be noticed. If you would like to recieve these photographs you can start by emailing me at: Clintoniousss@aol.com.... That is Clintonious with three S's. The only requirements I have are that you put Sign Me Up as the subject, and that in the e-mail you state your REAL name. None of that anonymous crap, if you give me an anonymous name you will be exiled and stoned. P.S. I'm considering changing my blog name, approval?

 Now hear this, now hear this: Clint Alwahab is now officially single and looking for a girlfriend. So if you are or happen to know someone who is interested in myself or would be a good girlfriend, give me a call. This person would of course have to not mind the fact that I am very spaced out at times, see art in all forms, and that I have bacne... (Back acne) Disclaimer: If you are an eighth grader or lower don't even think about it. Just back away from the subject.

 Foolish Fear It's that time of day. Everything you have ever heard, Saw, Thought, And breathed in is creaking in the attic. Ready to strike when you aren't looking. Waiting for you to turn your back, Then It takes your courage. Every little sound is an escaped convict. Every shadow, a monster teasing your mind. The dog barks with panic, The gate squeaks in terror, And Fear is out tonight. Running from home to home to torment little children who hoped to stay up just a few more hours, But now regret their foolish wishes. But with the subtle awakening of morn Fear is no longer a quandary. The panicked souls of night no longer have to fear the night before. The only fear they have is the Fear of tonight.

 urlLink urlLink Which Historical Lunatic Are You ? urlLink From the fecund loins of Rum and Monkey.

 I wish I had the time, capacity, and friends to make a film. It doesn't even have to be a huge production, even a music video would be fine.

 What do you think?

 urlLink Oh my dear Lordy

 You Can Talk to Animals! urlLink What's Your Magic Power? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Strangley enough after my dog attack in 2nd grade I really did think this... Seriously.

 Please forgive me if some of the pictures that I have done do not appear. At the current time Complicated Simplicity is under construction. I have just changed screenames tonight so all of the pictures I uploaded under the other screename are no longer working. Have no fear by Monday of next week I will have everything corrected and ready to go.

 Don't you just love the mediocre attempts Hanson makes to get air time on the radio again? Now their hair doesn't match (Last time they were all short, before: all long), one of them is married, and the little brother has hit puberty... 'Bout dang time... Who knows maybe they have a better shot now that they have help from O.C. star Samaire Armstrong... But who knows, maybe that won't help at all seeing as they suck.......

 Woo Hoo urlLink urlLink Are you damned? Brought to you by urlLink Rum and Monkey Though you are leaving this life in God's grace, you haven't quite been able to stop youself from sinning. Our God is an angry God, and requires that you serve your time in limbo before you pass through the pearly gates. Some theologians believe that while you are resting here you won't know that eventually you will reach heaven, causing terrible doubts and hopeless speculation. Good luck.

 If you have not picked up the latest issue of urlLink Rolling Stone , do it now. They have a really good interview with Andre Benjamin (Andre 3000) and Big Boi (I don't remember his real name). This article has finally revealed two rappers who listen to artists such as The Ramones or The Smiths and can still pimp it out walking down the street. Go out and get the issue now, it's good.

 Pass Me By The words you never cared to say I want to find a better place When we rely on something more than this And even as I try to sleep I'm looking for my best friends I'm tired of all the people I'm seeing through (The) Same idea... It makes me wonder why I'm here And even when I try to sleep Still looking for my best friend When we rely on something more than this The words you never cared to say, "I want to start a family" I'm tired of all the people I'm seeing through (The) Same idea It makes me wonder why I'm here Watch me now Try Couldn't walk down that line Just pass me by Just passing by. I'm sorry I continuly put music lyrics on the blog, but music is one of my favorite forms of poetry and there is so much out there that needs to be heard.

 Another urlLink Colby quiz. urlLink Which Colossal Death Robot Are You ?

 I am now addicted to urlLink Radiohead

 What's a blog without another movie review? These movies are good because the Wachowski brothers knew what they were doing. If they were written or directed by anyone else they would be just more corny movies shown on the Sci-Fi channel at two in the morning. But the Wachowskis knew what they wanted and they made it happen. The writing is phenomenal, amongst the mind blowing action scenes, characters are developed and become either friend or foe. The Wachowskis didn't just concern themselves with the script in front of them, they kept the next movie in mind making sure they linked logically. I think these films wouldn't be that great if they had just been written by one Wachowski, together they were able to collaborate and decide what should and shouldn't be in the film. The directing couldn't be done by anyone else, period. They invented a totally new screenshot (camera panning around the entire scene) and were able to pull off some of the biggest stunts Hollywood has ever seen, both real and CGI. The brothers were able to communicate with their actors and their crew and were able to produce a masterpiece. Character development was actually a big part to these films, I thought. My favorite character is without a doubt: Morpheus. He has such strong faith in Neo that he should be an example to us all. Not to believe in a guy called Neo, but believe in God and have complete faith in Him and do whatever it takes to make him first priority. He gives up everything for Neo, and even risks his own neck (in every film). Plus, he gots da moves....... yo... He's just a cool character that Laurence Fishbourne pulled off wonderfully. To top off this masterpiece of a trilogy, all three films have wonderful hidden messages we all could use. I found the most substance in The Matrix Reloaded, one of the messages I found is right below this entry. There are so many hidden messages I can't go through them all, but I can give a couple. Kid: I want to join the Nebuchadnezzar. I know Morpheus hasn't filled the other crew positions except for you, Link. I'm sure he has his reasons, but the more I think about it, the more I think it's meant to be. You know, it's fate. I mean, you're the reason I'm here, Neo. Neo: I told you, Kid, you found me, I didn't find you. Kid: I know, but you got me out! You saved me! Neo: You saved yourself. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Smith: I killed you, Mister Anderson, I watched you die... With a certain satisfaction, I might add, and then something happened. Something that I knew was impossible, but it happened anyway. You destroyed me, Mister Anderson. Afterward, I knew the rules, I understood what I was supposed to do but I didn't. I couldn't. I was compelled to stay, compelled to disobey. And now here I stand because of you, Mister Anderson, because of you I'm no longer an agent of the system, because of you I've changed - I'm unplugged - a new man, so to speak, like you, apparently free. Neo: Congratulations. Smith: Thank you. But as you well know, appearances can be deceiving, which brings me back to the reason why we're here. We're not here because we're free, we're here because we're not free. There's no escaping reason, no denying purpose - because as we both know, without purpose, we would not exist. Smith 2: It is purpose that created us, Smith 3: Purpose that connects us, Smith 4: Purpose that pulls us, Smith 5: That guides us, Smith 6: That drives us, Smith 7: It is purpose that defines, Smith 8: Purpose that binds us. Smith: We're here because of you, Mister Anderson, we're here to take from you what you tried to take from us. Purpose. And finally, these movies are just plain awesome... Tell me what you think.

 Morpheus: Commander, we need a presence inside the Matrix to await contact from the Oracle. Lock: I don't want to hear that shit! I don't care about Oracles or prophecies or Messiahs. I care about one thing: stopping that army from destroying this city, and to do that I need soldiers to obey my orders. Morpheus: With all due respect, Commander, there is only one way to save our city. Lock: How? Morpheus: Neo. Lock: Goddamnit, Morpheus! Not everyone believes what you believe! Morpheus: My beliefs do not require them to. I love this film so much. It has so many hidden meanings, Jay just needs to play it for Lifegroups one night.

 I am such a major dork...

 'It's not our abilities that show what we truly are, Harry. It's our choices.' -Albus Dumbledore in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (The movie)

 I have the feeling this North Poll is going to be another anonymous reader pain in the butt... Whoever voted for stories you also voted poetry... One vote... That means you vote once... Un voto... Een stem... Une voix... Eine Stimme... Um voto... I'm watching.

 Solsbury Hill Climbing up on Solsbury Hill I could see the city light Wind was blowing, time stood still Eagle flew out of the night He was something to observe Came in close, I heard a voice Standing stretching every nerve Had to listen had no choice I did not believe the information [I] just had to trust imagination My heart going boom boom boom "Son," he said "Grab your things, I've come to take you home." To keepin' silence I resigned My friends would think I was a nut Turning water into wine Open doors would soon be shut So I went from day to day Tho' my life was in a rut "Till I thought of what I'd say Which connection I should cut I was feeling part of the scenery I walked right out of the machinery My heart going boom boom boom "Hey" he said "Grab your things I've come to take you home." When illusion spin her net I'm never where I want to be And liberty she pirouette When I think that I am free Watched by empty silhouettes Who close their eyes but still can see No on taught them etiquette I will show another me Today I don't need a replacement I'll tell them what the smile on my face meant My heart going boom boom boom "Hey" I said "You can keep my things, they've come to take me home."

 Note: You may not want to read this if you have not seen this film, or found it offensive or dirty, because I loved it. This movie is another great love story. I've become kind of mushy for love stories... But hey, it's still very good. Cameron Crowe did a fantastic job of writing this screenplay, he truly captured what it is like to love, to hate, and to be utterly confused. Penelope Cruz plays Sofia Serrena, an intellegent, beautiful woman whom Tom Cruise's character, David Aames, falls head over heels for. The only problem is David has another lover, whom he can not get rid of. Julie Gianni is a somewhat desperate/insane woman who will not leave David because she believes she and David are soul mates. Julie finally comes to suspect something between David and Sofia... So what does she do? She does what every desperate lover does, she drives her car off a bridge with David and herself inside. Julie dies and David is finally free from her insanity, and he and Sofia can be together without any worries. Or can they? Love is so well captured in this film it hurts. It's not just the fact that the characters are in love, but you are in love with the characters. Penelope Cruz is now one of my favorite actresses because of her performance in this film. She is so amazing, her character is almost too good to be true, so you really start to feel like David Aames feels... You can't get enough of her. Hate , oh man, the hate you have towards Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz) is so strong you want to shoot your television. She always shows up right when you don't want her to, she's like Janice from Friends, she's the recurring person you want to see least, only she is twenty times more dillusional. She shows up and all hell breaks loose, mainly because it seems impossible because she is dead... But she's still there, David can't get away from her. He can run as far as he possibly can, and she'll still be there, that's why you hate her so much. 'What the heck is going on?' is the number one question I asked myself during this movie. How can Julie show up here? But how, she's dead? What does that mean? I thought they were there? Who's that guy? Which one is Sofia and which one is Julie?! were just a few others. My favorite scene of both confusion, and hatred is near the end, David and Sofia are 'makin babies' and suddenly Sofia turns into Julie! David has no clue how but she did, and he continues to make love to her but he is screaming with anger and trying to figure out what is going on, while Julie is having the best time of her life. (The music totally completes this scene, it's Todd Rundgren's Can We Still be Friends? . Listen to it and you'll understand. It makes the scene humorous at first and then deadly.) Finally David grabs a pillow and smothers Julie, he's going to get rid of her once and for all... But once she stops moving, he discovers the mole between her breasts that belonged to Sofia. He doesn't even move the pillow away, he just runs... He runs away. This scene combines everything, it brings love, utter confusion, hate, and even fear to the table. It may sound really dirty, but it is one of the best love stories I have ever watched. Please tell me what you thought, did you like it, did you find it dirty and offensive, do you find me dirty and offensive? Comment it.

 Coming soon to this blog, or a website originated from this blog: The Claw... A new, controversial topic addresser even the staff at Relevant can't handle... Well not really... But do look for The Claw... Soon...

 'It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live, remember that.' -Albus Dumbledore from Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.

 Well, the North Poll is working rather nicely, but I am regreting putting 'Random Crap' as one of the options because it is number one so far... But I don't think I have everyone's opinion on this thing... So to make it fair, I'm giving you a little taste of all your options. Here is a story I once posted on my blog, but it was a rough and it was pretty bad... This is it finished and turned in for extra credit... It's not very good... Please vote once, I know if you vote twice. American Werewolves. Jack Bernhart sat in the back of his limousine in a car garage in west Chicago. He was waiting for someone, an investor in his dot com business. Jack saw a black Mercedes race up to the limousine. James Calahan stepped out of the car and opened the door next to Bernhart. Calahan sat opposite Jack with a look of sorrowful guilt. Calahan spoke first, 'I want out, Jack. I've seen barely any production the last few months.' 'What the hell are you talking about? We made over four million dollars last quarter.' 'Yeah, last quarter. We're already six weeks through this quarter, and we were lucky to make half a million,' Calahan replied quickly and defensively. 'Jim, you can't do this to me. All the board members knew this would happen. I mean Napster just came back for God's sake. Every teenager in the world downloaded from them,' Bernhart began to sound frightened. 'I will be turning in my resignation first thing tomorrow morning.' Calahan got out of the limo, bent down and said, 'Jack, I'm sorry.' Bernhart shut the door with extra force, almost clipping Calahan's nose. He pushed the intercom above him and said, 'Frank, take me home.' Bernhart sat at the end of a long table in the center of the room. Every chair on either side of Jack was filled by old, balding men with pens in their hands and a manila folder in front of them, except for one chair on Jack's right, it was left empty. 'Well, there's no avoiding this, gentlemen. James Calahan turned in his resignation this morning,' Jack said, hoping to move on without question. 'Why?' asked a board member on Jack's left. 'Well, he thought the business was going nowhere because of the latest production figures. Of course, we all knew that production would be a little slower, what with Napster and all.' He said this with a slight laugh, but it quickly trailed. Silence now swept the board room. Bernhart looked around worried that others were thinking the same as Jim. He quickly said, 'I was looking at the latest re-' 'I will-a resign too,' a small Japanese man interrupted. 'I'm sorry?' Jack said looking up from his paper. 'Meesta Calahan was right, I want out too,' the Japanese man said calmly. 'Please Mr. Matsui, don't do anything rash.' Jack pleaded. 'Rash? Rash?!' Mr. Matsui's voice was rising. Mr. Matsui got up quickly, collected all his things, and briskly walked out of the room shouting obscenities in Japanese. Jack picked up the telephone and asked his assistant to stop Mr. Matsui. 'Um, meeting adjourned,' Bernhart told the members. Jack's assistant said she could not stop Mr. Matsui, and he had left. Jack walked over to the large sign on the wall with the words, 'Muse.com' and slammed his head against it many times. ---------------------------------- Jack arrived at work the next day to find that three more investors had resigned. Panic was overcoming his entire body like kudzu on a tree. If anymore investors were lost his company would go under. The telephone on his desk screamed, interrupting the silence. Jack picked up after the second ring. 'Mr. Bernhart,' a small voice sounded in the receiver. 'Speaking,' Jack said slowly. 'I'm calling from Investors Bank of Chicago. We would like to have a word with you as soon as possible. Is there a specific time that would be okay sir?' asked the tiny voice. 'Give me an hour,' Bernhart said suspecting the worst. 'All right, sir, we'll see you in an hour,' the voice said. Bernhart slowly placed the receiver down on its hook as he heard the dial tone sound. He knew this wasn't good, the bank never called him. In fact, he was lucky if he could reach them on the phone. Jack entered Investors Bank of Chicago one hour later, and was told by the receptionist to go to room B201. Bernhart found the door in a long corridor of bland wooden doors. B201 was special, however, it had the words CUSTOMER SERVICES written on the door. ------------------------------ Jack rode back to his office in his limousine. He was completely speechless, he looked as if his brain had been fried, and all he knew was to give a blank stare. He was going to have to sell his house; he would have to buy a cheap used car. He would have to tell the board members. That was what scared him most. He was going to stand before these money-hungry, blood-sucking, investors and tell them the company was bankrupt. Bernhart began to shake, and he couldn't stop. This wasn't the kind of shaking like his AA days; he was having a seizure. As he realized this, he had a sharp knife-like pain in his mouth, he had bitten his tongue. He began to feel the blood running out of his mouth. Then Bernhart started to see nothing but a white cloud, and he passed out. ------------------------------- Bernhart woke to the sound of a monitor beeping to the beat of his heart. He had woken up earlier only to find that one board member remained on staff, and he had visited to say he was resigning also. How could his life end up like this? Jack arrived home to find a stack of bills in the mail. It seemed as if everyone in the world realized he owed them money and they wanted it now. The reaper was interrupting all his thoughts. He couldn't finish a sentence without suicide slowly creeping up. The doctor said if he had not collapsed the way he did, he would have choked on his own blood. He was beginning to wish he had fallen the other way. Escape was inevitable now, it was all he could think about. Bernhart went into the bathroom and began to run hot water in the bath tub. He then walked to the kitchen and grabbed a cutting knife. Jack stripped down to nothing; still holding the knife he entered the tub full of hot water. Bernhart raised the knife to his left wrist. Right as he pressed the blade to his skin, the doorbell rang.

 "It's a mystery how one woman can drive you crazy over and over again." -J.D. from Scrubs

 Solsbury Hill With every drawing there is a story; and I love drawing, and I love telling stories. A long time ago I drew the picture on the left one sunday morning right before church service. I declared it to be a volcano exlpoding over two cities, and the eye represents evil. (I like abstract art) So I went for a few weeks with that drawing, all alone without a mate on righty (the right shoe). So then today I finally decided to give lefty a righty... The shoe on the right is a picture of the same volcano after the explosion, everything is calm a peaceful, even the cities lie happily in peace. The sun is rising and shining onto the peace and making everything new again. It was later on today that I began to realize how phylisophical this was. I came up with the phrase: Out of all bad things comes good . I began to really like this phrase because I have been needing this sort of spiritual boost at this point in my life because of troubles that have been plaguing me. So I began saying it over and over. And eventually I drew something for this story (other than the shoe pictures). This is a 'chinese' symbol I uh... Made up... It means that very phrase. A few hours ago I came to realize that the lines are in exact quantity to the words in my phrase... The three top lines are: Out of all... The line right below the third line is 'bad', the line connected to it is 'things'. Connected to 'things' is 'comes' and at the bottom is 'good'. This phrase is desperately helping me through my struggles right now. Pretty cool that phylosophy and spiritual strength can come from a picture you didn't even know you were drawing when you did it. I'm going to conjur up a story to go with the pictures; fictional, of course, just for kicks. The title of this entry is called Salsbury Hill, because that is the name of the volcano and it is my favorite song by Peter Gabriel. The symbol is now embedded in sharpie on my left, lower wrist. I have affectionately named the symbol Mae Tao . Please enjoy the photographs, and look for a story soon enough.

 I always seem to become depressed when I read other peoples' blogs. Mainly because I see how active and exciting they are... Then I look at what I've done (nothing), and what I have planned (nothing)... Life is really starting to annoy me.

 I think I'm turning emo... Can someone help me turn away?

 This show is so good. I have so much in common with this show, and it always has a great lesson to go by that I really need half way through my week. And what's even better is they pick the best music in the world. Polyphonic Spree guest starred tonight!

 How happy is the blameless Vestal's lot! The world forgetting, by the world forgot: Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind! Each prayer accepted, and each wish resign'd.

 "Margit Kieske, 48, who consumed nearly one pound of licorice per day, sued the German candy company Haribo for not posting a health warning on boxes of the chewy treats. If she wins this case, I'm going to sue somebody... " urlLink Slice provided by Relevant

 I wonder what dogs dream about...

 I had a dream last night... What's weird is, I've never had a dream like this before, I think I actually learned something from this dream, almost like in the bible whenever someone had a dream, it actually benefited to their life. You know? Finding love has become another rising issue with me, so I actually dreamed about love... Let me explain: I don't necessarily remember how this dream began, because it's not as clear as some dreams, but there was a girl... duh... And it was a girl that in real life annoys the living piss out of me, but in this dream I started to have a normal conversation with her and got to know her a little better. I don't remember what we talked about or that kind of stuff, but the thing that my mind was able to remember was me talking to myself... I was watching her talking to other people and just being herself, and I remember thinking to myself, 'My God, she is beautiful...' and something to that extent... But what's weird is I was thinking this, and the fact that others didn't think she was pretty or smart didn't matter to me... She was beautiful because of her personality... This is going to sound stupid, and mushy, and cheesy, but I think I'm actually beginning to understand what a real love is... I think this dream has helped me discern love from lust quite a bit... Vanilla Sky really helped me to understand this dream too... If you've seen Vanilla Sky I think you might understand what I mean.

 In this film we are taken through Joel Barish's memories of his former girlfriend Clementine. He is having these memories erased from his mind because he is so broken hearted. Once Joel begins the erasing he visits every single memory he ever had of Clementine, he sees the good memories and the bad ones. Soon, as Joel begins to see more and more good memories he begins to realize he doesn't want them to go, and that he still needs Clementine. As I have said before this film is beautiful... In every aspect. The characters are so in depth and down to earth. You get to know the characters so well, and as time goes on you begin to love them so much you also feel like Joel, you don't want the memories to go. Love for a character is vital in writing and screening a film and Eternal Sunshine mastered that. The cinematography is so bloody brilliant, it blows my mind away. As Joel and Clem run from the eraser they hide in old memories or already deleted memories. When they are hiding in deleted memories the only light is that of the camera, it's the only guiding light. When hiding in old memories, we visit Joel's past and see him as a baby, a toddler, and even a teenager. It's so amazing how the different aspects and opinions of the younger Joels are delivered. Jim Carrey once again did a perfect performance, but the acting I found best in was Elijah Wood and Kate Winslet. Kate played Clem and did a spectacular job of delivering her character and really making you like her, she was funny, and serious, and beautiful, and annoying, and everything a real person is. Elijah did a great job too; he really captured the creepy guy you don't like but still feel bad for. And surprisingly, Kirsten Dunst did a good job too. I wasn't expecting much from her, but she wasn't half bad. All in all, this movie is my number one favorite movie of all time... As of now. Five out of five stars.

 New Stuff Galore Well, I sat down today at the computer to just do a few things and ended up changing a lot around and sitting at the computer longer than neccesary. If you will be so kind as to look around at my hard work. North Poll: A new polling system I have set up, will most likely be updated every week or so. New pictures: Check the corners. A Search Engine: I put up a little search button thing, but I don't think it works. In the Spotlight: A new thing at the very bottom of the page, it will have different websites most likely every month. New Productions label, and links set up better: Just check the sidebar.

